There's Too Much Going On! And Switching Drugs at the same time! Losing it....
I am having a very tough time over the past few days - and suicidal thoughts have started.  I do not feel at risk but I am a bit scared.   I really need some support and some people to listen and tell me its okay.  Maybe a few people have been through something where they felt the same way...

Basic background:  I am a male and have been a long time OCD/GAD/ADHD sufferer.  My parents recommended against medication for a long time.  I finally did get on lexepro around 24.  Felt fantastic and uninhibited.   This worked somewhat well for while (maybe like 6 years or so) but it lost its effectiveness, and in upping the dose, I became a zombie with no emotion.   So onto Vybriid, which also seemed to help at a low does for a while, but for some reason or another (cost probably) I was non-compliant with taking the meds.  I got into meditation, which was working fantastically without meds for a while, but that wore off.  Finally, I went to combining the vybriid with meditation and that seemed to be okay.

However, my fiance and both of our individual therapists were unimpressed with my thought processes and anxiety with the vybriid and meditation and thought that my medication needed to be adjusted and so I upped the vybriid and turned into a zombie again.  So I went back down to the lower dose.

This is where things get interesting - a few months ago I proposed (and she said yes!  (Yay)).   And then immediately wedding planning started.   And just as immediately, my anxiety SHOT THROUGH THE ROOF.  Wedding.  Job Success. Pre-Wedding Jitters.  Everything imaginable.   And I was taking everything out on her.  I am lucky my fiance didn't turn around and walk out the door.   She is a better person than me, because I certainly might have done so in her position.   

Now it just so happens my proposal was 1 month before a vacation, and of course my anxiety was so bad it would have ruined our vacation.  So I went and saw my psychiatrist - who prescribed me xanax and told me to stay on the Vybriid until I return.  Of course, my psyhicatrist (who is an overworked in network provider) didn't really explain to me how to use it in our 3 minute appointment, and so I went and took it everyday.  When I didn't get any relief, I doubled the dose and continuted to do so for 10-12 days. It worked, kind of.   

So fast forward to returning from vacation (last week), and I talked to my psychiatrist about what I was doing and of course he told me to stop taking Xanax every day. At the same time, he prescribed me Zoloft to cross fade with my Vybriid.   (25 mg first week of zoloft, 20 mg of vybriid     then next week 50mg of zoloft, 10 mg of vybriid, then no vybriid).

**TL;DR thus far:**   I stopped Xanax cold turkey, preparing to start zoloft, and am still on vybriid.  Planning a wedding.  Prepare thermo-nuclear meltdown:

I started the Zoloft.  And I am LOSING IT!   Diarrhea, WORSE anxiety, dry mouth, and suicidal ideations.  
Meanwhile, at the same time, the fiance, who deserves everything I can give her, decides with my family that we are going to have a very small wedding in the next 4 months- in the same spot we vacationed.   Then proceeds to make flight reservations, hotel reservations, and do Tuxedos, and buy a dress (and those are not cheap).... AGGGGHHHHH.   

I am anxious the wedding going to cost too much, and that I will screw up my job taking too much time off, and that this could lead to me being failure in life and losing everything I have worked so hard to accomplish!    I am having serious mental health issues here (they are probably side effects), and I have to go to work tomorrow and play it cool.  I feel REALLY trapped and am trying to find the silver lining and what the hell to do.

My Fiance definitely understands what I am going through, and she is here trying to support me.  She says she has never seen me like this and is forcing me to be around people and not be alone, and is pissed at me for seeing a subpar psychiatrist - and I agree.  At the same time her pseudo-bridezilla mode isn't helping.  I have told her that she needs to tone it down and she is trying to be supportive.  However, in order to get the wedding together in time, I kind of need her to be doing everything she is doing....  It's either a small wedding now for this location or we have to put it off for a year and a half.  So I am on-board with this.

But my mind is seriously fucking with me.   What is going on!?  I have never felt this bad!

