I don't want to.My life is a shitshow. A girl who I trusted with the world shattered my heart and I have been struggling with severe depression since long before I knew how to cope. I cope by cutting. Not always wrist and forearms but just everywhere. backs of my hands, my arms, legs, neck, does not matter. I hide them in many ways, sometimes just say I got it by "doing a project". normally those include me lighting things on fire or building dumb shit that I feel is important at the moment. But I haven't cut in a bit. It's weird. Think it was like four days ago, maybe one more or one less, but yeah. I tried to end it the other day, I tied a noose around my neck, leaned on it but suddenly I felt sick to my stomach. so I stopped. I stopped attending classes, I go to a prep school so grades are still being taken. I am about to fail out of school. I have ditched 5 classes in the last 2 days. Most of them have been on accident. I stopped doing most of my work, and the work I do complete I don't turn in.  I started texting the girl again last night. She made a bunch of excuses that make sense and that I believe. I still love her but I am so numb right now I think that may just be my brain's automated response to thinking about her name. I'm exhausted mentally and physically. Sometimes I have been getting drunk and been having dance parties with friends over facetime. But when I do that I feel like I'm more putting on a show for them rather than actually having fun. I get drunk but I still think and I think "what would make them laugh," All my friends told me never to talk to her again. All my friends told me not to get back together with her. They were right last time, why would they be wrong now? Don't get me wrong. I have had depression since long before this girl, and my bad coping habits predate her as well, but the habits disappeared for a bit when I was with her. I guess I miss that. But now that I'm not doing them again because, well, I guess I don't know why I stopped. It used to be whenever I saw a sharp think and I was numb I would do I but I moved the sharp things upstairs. last time I did it I was drinking from a glass. I got sad, and then angry at myself for being sad so I punched the glass. Not hard, but it shattered. I felt bad about breaking the glass, but then I noticed I did not care. I sat there for about three hours watching videos and playing games before randomly I reached over and grabbed a piece of glass. What is wrong with me. I want control over my world but I also want the safety and security of a structure. That's why I like a relationship because it is something that is stable. I'm going to bring the sharps back to the basement today. Because I at least did some homework when I had them. motivation is funny in that way I guess. The only thing that helps me is considered bad and that nobody should do it.