Difficulty coping with recent crippling injury. Please help me. I'm so scared.Hi,

I'm not really sure how this works, but I really need to talk to someone and get my feelings out. (For context I'm a 22 year old gay male college student.) So I guess I should just kind of share what happened?

This past Feb/Mar I directed a small musical at my college. It was the best experience of my life. I have never had a better experience working on a show. Throughout the process I got pretty close with one of the four actors. Romantic feelings began to develop, but my best friend who was the music director was rightfully uncomfortable with the situation. We decided to keep things fun and relaxed until the show was over, and then go from there. At this point we were about two weeks away from the performance weekend. Around this same time I found out I had been wait-listed for the summer research program I had applied for with my favorite professor. This was pretty upsetting, but I went ahead and applied to other programs and focused on the positive experience I was having working on this musical. A week before the show went up things seemed to start going my way for the first time in a long time. I got accepted off the wait list into my desired program. I accepted the position. My classes, relationships and the show all seemed to be in a perfect place. The sun even came out to provide some of the first warm days of spring. 

The weekend of the show I was feeling so happy I decided to start trying to get fit, so I decided to go for a run in the beautiful weather. Just as I was leaving to go on the run my phone vibrated. I had received an email from one of the other programs. I had been accepted elsewhere too. On that note I went running for the first time (I'm skinny/healthy, just not fit), and I finally understand what a victory lap must feel like. Halfway through the run I stopped and called my dad to share the good news. He was happy for me of course, and we discussed the details of my entire immediate family coming to see the show the next day. Filled with the joy of my acceptance and looking forward to having my entire immediate family see a show of mine for the first time ever, I finished my run. 

Every performance of the show went so well. Like I said it was the best experience I've ever had on a show. After the Saturday performance, closing night, this guy and I got to go out without the restriction of the show for the first time. We went to see our friend's band perform and headed back to my apartment for drinks before going to another party. About 2 minutes walk from our apartment he jumped on my back. I started to give him a piggy back ride. At 6'1 he is a good 4 or 5 inches taller than me. He tried to tell me I should stop that I would fall, but I didn't listen. Then I felt myself losing my balance. I tried to get into the grass and keep the forward momentum going long enough to land some place soft, but unfortunately I fell. 

That decision to not put him down changed my life forever. Both bones in my forearm were broken in the fall. I had surgery the next morning to fixate the fractures using metal plates and pins. While my memories of everything leading up to the fall are immensely detailed, everything becomes fuzzy around this point. They kept me after the surgery for several hours longer than they intended, because I was in too much pain to leave. At some point I noticed my thumb wasn't moving. Despite all of the drugs I was on, I still knew as a neuroscience major this was a serious problem. The nurses, however, did nothing despite me repeatedly telling them something was wrong. Finally, at about 11pm a nurse gave me a stronger dose of drugs than he was authorized to. This relieved my pain well enough to leave. We stayed in a hotel that night. Early in the morning my parents called the surgeon and left a message about my thumb. About 20 minutes into our drive home, his office called requesting I get back ASAP. We turned around and headed back to the hospital. Within 30 minutes of seeing me in his office, the surgeon had me back on the operating table. I had compartment syndrome. The muscle in my arm had swelled up and cut off circulation to my hand, damaging my nerves. This diagnosis is best treated when operated on at the first sign of the problem as it limits the damage caused by the lack of circulation. Unfortunately, my nurses failed to respond appropriately. 

Ultimately I was in the hospital for two weeks and had surgery on 3/31, 4/1, 4/2, 4/4, 4/7, and 4/9. When they finally released me from the hospital, I had an open wound on my arm from an incision made to relieve the pressure inside my arm. This was and still is healing with the use of a vacuum that I have to carry around everywhere I go. A nurse changes the dressing three times a week. Seeing the inside of your body that often really changes a person, not to mention the uncertainty of my ability to regain functionality in my right hand. 

This guy and I continued to further our relationship when I got back to school. I had never felt happier with someone. Unfortunately, we only had three weeks before he left for the summer. We decided to begin dating seriously, but we foolishly failed to outline our expectations of the summer. When everyone left is when things really started getting bad for me mentally. This guy was not communicating well, and none of my friends were on campus, leaving me alone with my thoughts. Summer break started 3 weeks ago, but I've been here doing research. My father took me to see a hand specialist on Thursday. He gave me a rather negative prognosis and didn't leave much hope for improvement. My mom and I then got a fight this weekend. As my dad drove me back to campus he began to talk to me about grad school. He told me I needed to really begin to focus on my applications and start networking. All of those things together got me really stressed out. I've been having a hard time seeing myself having a future, and I've been pretty bogged down in my thoughts. All this weekend did was cement my lack of purpose and future in the world. I found my thoughts of depression turning into thoughts of taking all the prescription pain medicine I have to relieve all of my pain. That's when I got really scared and began writing this email. After about the first two paragraphs this guy texted me that we needed to talk. We skyped and he told me things weren't working out, so we broke up. This really just cut out any other excuses or reasons I had for continuing. 

I am still writing this email though, and I haven't done anything. I guess that's a good thing. It just feels as though I'm drowning and can't catch a breath. I don't foresee how I will be okay. I know people go through so much worse, and I feel guilty for feeling this way; however, I can't make these feelings stop. I just feel so damaged, so unusable. I feel like a car that's been totaled in what looks like a minor accident, on further examination there is extreme internal damage. I just don't see how I am supposed to move forward. Every dream and aspiration I had for my life is now either in achievable or difficult to the point of seeming unacheivable.

It's 2:30 in the morning right now, so I'm going to try to go to sleep and push these thoughts away for a little while. I apologize for such a long story, but I felt the context was necessary. It was also somewhat cathartic to write it all out, even though I've repeated this same story in conversation to the point of exhaustion.

I just wanted to thank any one willing to help who read through all this. I am so scared. 