Tired. I'm so tired. All the time.I'm 26. I've been suicidal since I was 11. I've had depression since I was 10, GAD and ADHD my whole life, panic disorder since I was 17, and c-PTSD since I was 19. I also have PCOS, non alcoholic fatty liver disorder, irritable bowel disorder (which makes my life a living hell), and arthritis. I was bulimic in various forms from 13-23, and still struggle with a lot of the behaviors.


I know there are people who have it worse than me. I know there are people going through far worse, and somehow find the strength to keep fighting and survive so much more. But I'm not them. I'm not strong. I'm tired. 


Ive been in and out of counseling for years, most consistently the past two years. It's helped and my current therapist has helped me work through a lot of trauma.  The only thing is they are a 5 hour drive away, and the health Canada folks in charge of getting me there keep canceling my appointments and making me reschedule. I cannot afford to pay for counseling out of pocket, not to mention the gas and hotel and food to get there.


I was hospitalized in October for suicidal ideation. I have had weekly to daily suicidal thoughts since I was 11, but I have more or less learned to live with the thoughts and keep going. But in October I was tired, and didn't want to keep fighting. They didn't actually do anything, and released me before I was doing any better. I've been struggling to stay alive since. 


I'm exhausted. Fighting my own brain is too much. Dealing with so much chronic illness is beyond what I am capable of handling. 


The only thing keeping me alive is that I know I have people who love me. I know that I am loved. I have a nephew I love more than anything in the world. I also have a cat and a pupper. 

But I wish that I didn't have those things. I HATE that I can't just let go because it would hurt somebody else. I hate this idea that I have to continue putting in so much effort just to stay alive. I don't even feel like this is living. I'm literally just keeping my self alive at the bare minimum so I can make sure I don't break the hearts of those I love. That feels so unfair. I wouldn't expect any of my loved ones to keep suffering like this 24/7 just to keep my heart from breaking. I'd want them to do what is best for them, and if that meant letting go I'd support that in whatever way I could, even if that meant being there holding their hand during their last breath.


I just want to die. I'm so tired. I'm so tired. I don't want to keep fighting. I just want to sleep and not wake up. I want my ashes scattered in the river where I grew up. I want my family to celebrate my life. I want them to not have to worry any more. I don't want to keep adjusting medications and fighting for my counseling. I don't want to have to eat this specialized diet because it means I don't get to eat anything delicious without spending a month in extreme pain. I'm tired of waking up know that the temperature changed because every joint in my body is screaming, but I can't take any medication to help because it will mess with my gut and fuck up my IBS.  I'm tired of knowing that my dream to be a mom will never happen because I can't treat my PCOS because the way they treat it fucks up the rest of my health problems. Not to mention that I don't want to burden anybody with this fucked up life, so co-parenting is out of the question. So is dating because most people think that they can support a mentally unwell partner, but really what they want is to save you and cure you, and when they find out that it wont my go away just because they love you, they leave you. I'm tired of knowing I probably have like 60 more years left of this that I just have to get through. I'm only through 26, and I'm this tired. How the fuck am I supposed to last until 80?


I'm tired. I just want to be dead now. Please just let me die without guilt. Please.