My anger is physically killing meBackground: I was beaten by my father from ages 3 to 5. I lived my entire childhood in fear of other people and a hatred for men. I'm 26 now and have been living with my parents for a few years due to injuries and my roommate screwing me on our apartment. I have heavy previous drug use and not have multiple head injuries. I am constantly smoking now, out of fear of the anger the withdraw will pull. My anger doesn't usually allow for any time to try and think rationally, it is zero to a hundred, faster than drake. I've broken every finger on my hands and it's at the point that my family literally falls into uncontrollable tears at the sight of my anger. I cannot walk into a room without infecting everyone around me. any attempt to communicate about my frustrations ends up with them becoming aggressive and upset. I have spent time reading psychology books in libraries and scanning my phone for any answers.. they all consist of meditations and dietary changes or paying large sums of money to regularly communicate with a psychologist. I'm about to start school, need a new car because repairs on mine are 3 grand plus, I just quit smoking weed and cigarettes... I am backed into a corner and I literally feel my eyes lightening up to provoke anger. I am not hurting anyone else physically but my hand is currently covered in dry blood and I managed to show restraint and found a cigarette to smoke.. mi last, last one. I know I don't want to kill myself, I have a moral obligation to humanity that I am trying to fulfill but I will never be able to manifest anything positive or of value if I can not control this. I have no friends, they were all negative and addicts and I have no social media to connect. My family gets anger when I try to talk about my anger and I've never felt so alone or out of my mind. the message is coming to you after calling 3 help services and emailing countless psychologists and taking anger tests. the tests just tell me i'm need help, which doesn't help, that's why I am here. The right side of my stomach is in alot of pain as it usually is when my anger goes above a power level of 9,000. (sorry for the bad jokes, trying to make this pleasant to read). I am and always have been cripplingly ashamed of my anger. I am afraid to even go take my entrance exam for school or go out in public. I just show up to trails by myself and explore. I value my alone time more than the average person but I have never felt this incredibly alone. everyone I meet is a let down or too consumed with their own life to even meet up, let alone text back.. I don't have a phone either, broke that thing today when the new fancy 5g internet cut out in the middle of an exercise video that I was using to monitor my stress.. I need to figure this out and finally resolve it before my moral obligation to life becomes an obligation to remove myself from it because unfortunately, that's how I view life. even a mosquito has a purpose but humans are at the point where, with our population increasing well past our capacity to sustain happy life, It is hard not to justify removing ones self from the equation. I need help because If I cannot help myself, I will not be able to properly help others and If I'm not serving a purpose of value, My life has no honor. I just really need some advice, or help.. even just someone to talk to.. maybe, I don't even know any more.. the anger wore off so i'm hitting send before I delete another attempt to find myself help and do it on my own. thanks in advance for anytime given to this, I know I wrote alot but you are appreciated beyond your comprehension. 