Sometimes I only get happy by escaping the reality of my life. I hate that this is how I feel. I feel like a madman.Being outside myself, that escape from my mental issues gives me a sense of contentment. It makes me want to hold on tight to it. That feeling of nothing mattering, of leaving *me* behind. I often desperately want to take that final jump. To make those long cuts. The thought at times almost makes me shiver with pleasure. 

And I hate it. Absolutely 100% hate it. I had a friend kill themselves about a year ago. I watched how it tore apart my friends and their family. I felt the impact myself. I’ve always struggled with thoughts of self-deprecation and self-harm, but after seeing that I feel I have to stay alive. If not for me, for my friends and family. So why can’t I just stop fucking fantasizing about my own death. 

I lie in my bed at night, imagining never waking up. It makes me calm, relaxed. I feel...nothing. And it’s wonderful. No homicidal thoughts. No suicidal thoughts. No wanting to hurt myself. No terrible terrible things in my head. Just silence. 

I feel crazy, and my diagnosed with major depression, mild OCD, and general anxiety only confirm these feelings sometimes. I know they’re only labels to help me tackle this, and they DO help with understanding why, as a 15 year old, I thought of killing my dad. I love him. Why would I ever think that? I hate myself for it. 

These intrusive thoughts have passed for the most part, leaving me with the ones that most people on this sub are familiar with: suicidal. I see and knife and imagine it in my skin. I see a door and want to close my neck in it. I see a corner of a table and want to dive bomb it, exploding my head into a fantastical pile of gore. 

My meds help some. The intrusive thoughts are heavily dampened.  I like tv sometimes now. 

But I still don’t want to leave bed. I don’t want to sleep because then I have to face tomorrow. I don’t want to eat because it’ll make me fatter. I don’t want to wake up because then I’m back in reality. Even you, reddit, are just another place for this sad sack of shit to escape to when he can’t handle reality. 

I’m just so damn tired, guys. Tired of everything in this world. I don’t want to be here anymore. I don’t want to be me anymore. I don’t want to be anyone. I want oblivion. 

I’m sorry if this post worries you all. I won’t do it, at least not tonight. I’m going to try at least a little longer. I just wanted somewhere to talk to people who understand it. To be with me to help wrestle these thoughts. Although, in retrospect that may be too much to ask. 

Thanks for being here. All of you. This sub is a gift, and if you’re on here you are too :-)