26, unemployed, living at home, terrified of myselfHelp, I need to make a change. Please read, I'm so lost. It's hard to get too much into my situation because there's too much to be said but just take my word for it that I cannot pursue therapy or medication for the time being. My life has been a downward spiral through out my entire 20s and I just now realized I need to reconcile the trauma of my past.

I hate throwing myself a pity party, but this is my background: moved to Canada when I was 15 and was always an awkward kid. It was difficult to make strong friendships and I missed the states a lot. I made friends in college but by my own decision I have no friends now. I found it difficult to maintain friends when I couldnt keep up with them financially, and I was embarrassed from stagnating in life after college. I've been suicidal the past few years and I have no one but my immediate family (we're estranged from relatives in the states), which is very dysfunctional. My parents both suffer from unchecked ptsd from being abused their whole childhood and I was kicked out last year after my mom left my dad and my dad accused me of being addicted to coke (I wasn't and never have been). My mom moved back with my dad and last summer my cat was attacked by a new neighbour's dog so I decided to move back with them to save money.

Unfortunately I greatly overestimated my money-making ability. I'm still without a job since moving back this summer and my parents couldn't be more displeased. It's shameful, embarrassing, but I feel like I keep blowing each interview. I'm a great worker, every job I've ever had strangers and coworkers alike praised my great work ethic, but because of my depression my work history in the past few years has been sketchy and I've had to lie on my resume (I would feel like impulsively crying at every job, it would come out of no where, and it was hard to hold back). My parents have had a very rocky marriage which has severely impacted my life. I don't have references, which usually isn't a problem because every job I've ever had never asked for references, but it seems to be a barrier to employment now. I'll go weeks without applying to jobs, which there is absolutely no excuse for, I just get this overwhelming anxiety at times that cripples me and my self esteem is always low. 

I feel like I'm reeling from all the rejection I've endured and brought about myself. I stopped being friends with my BFF this year because it seemed like she stopped caring about me, and carried on with her life while I struggled alone. I got into a huge fight with my older sister last weekend, who is also unemployed and lives off her boyfriend. I feel very resentful towards her because she lives a care-free life where she only focuses on her boyfriend and drinking wine all day, lives in the heart of downtown where jobs are plentiful, while I live with our parents in the suburbs begging for minimum wage jobs that are half an hour away minimum by bus. I was in an emotionally abusive relationship the past three years that I finally left this summer. It bothers me that she pretends to know what I'm going through.

I can't stress enough how much I try to appreciate my life and circumstances. I thank the universe all the time for what I have. But I can't help feeling bitter, resentful, angry, that my parents emotionally abused me my whole life and are shocked that I'm failing to launch. My younger sister is fortunately fully employed and my dad recently lost his job which is adding a lot of stress.

I have a lot of anger towards my family and myself. I thought I had worked on that anger but it was just dormant. I feel like a complete loser who can't get anywhere in life because the money isn't there, and neither is my motivation. 

I'm leaving a LOT out, and honestly I'm not even looking for advice because I've heard it all. I've spent ages searching for a different perspective. I used to drink to drown my sorrows but drinking hurts my body, so I only smoke weed now, but I can't afford it of course. I just feel so trapped, I enjoy my hobbies and feel like I have purpose but when I hear how much my mom resents me I feel like killing myself. I hear about other people who are depressed and living at home unemployed as adults and their parents are supportive, it makes me more bitter. I hate feeling so bitter. I'm crying now because I'm so frustrated and ashamed. I just want a different perspective, a different life, I wish I hadn't grown up such a weird kid. I wish I could just do the things normal people can do. I wish I had gone to Emily Carr when I was accepted. I wish I hadn't quit my job at the department store years ago. I'm sad my friends from the states never checked up on me after I moved. I'm sad I have no friends now. I've known a lot of great people who I felt too ashamed to stay in contact with. I'm sad I'm the way I am.

If anyone can tell me they are or have gone through something similar, please let me know I'm not alone. I'm just tired of lying to myself, I always try to keep a level head above water and find meaning in life, but it's such a struggle when I just want to kill myself. The only emotional support I have is Iyanla, Fix My Life, but at least I have that.