Some stuffI know the titles pretty naff and the formatting and spelling probably will be cause I’m writing this on my phone but I just need to get some thoughts written out and maybe someone to talk to. I’m 20 years old and I’ve been dealing with ‘low mood’ since I was 13 and clinical depression since I was 17. 

I was diagnosed with a long term illness and I had to be away from school and in a hospital for about 6 months, I was meant to get home schooled afterwards to catch up on all id missed but I had a crush on this girl in my art class so I decided to go back to school and teach myself modern studies, biology, chemistry and physics and I got a 2 in all of them except physics cause I can’t math good. Fast forward to Age 17 and I’m starting to stress about everything, slowly hate myself more and more and couldn’t bring myself to get out of bed. I started to get a reputation at school for being lazy and I rolled with it cause it was easier than telling someone what was happening, that I was starting to wish I was dead and that the reason I was late for so many lessons was that I was crying in the toilet. I fell in with a group of really nice and smart people that kept me around cause I was funny and again in this group I was a lazy slacker who was late or sometimes just didn’t show up for when we had planned to outside of school cause I “accidentally slept in”. The only person who had an idea of what was happening was my mum and she was really good in getting me my first round of counselling and getting me onto some antidepressants. 

After this life was looking good, I had left school and was in the middle of a college course for art and design looking to go into illustration afterwards, I even got myself a girlfriend but I hated being with her cause well she just wasn’t my type and the only reason I asked her out was cause I was lonely and I thought it gave me another reason to not kill myself, we broke up eventually which is where the next part of my story begins. 
A few months later, I was about 18 and a half at this time, I had been speaking to one my friends sisters cause I’m a terrible friend like that and pretty quickly had a pretty big crush on her but she was this cool alternative girl and I thought she’d never go for this lazy loser persona I’d gotten in the group. Well we ended up spending a lot of time together outside of the group and it turned out we had a lot in common, it was amazing to me that she somehow saw past the walls I’d put up and was getting to know me for me in ways that no one had before, she wanted to know my favourite bands, movies, video games, she even asked me about my blackhawks hoodie and sat and watched a game with me, eventually I took a chance and asked her out and it turns out she had had a massive crush on me too and we started going out, and I was happy, I was actually happy for the first time in a long time so happy I quit my antidepressants cold turkey. 

This is probably my biggest regret I have to this day, if only I’d kept going how I was I might not be in such bad shape now. But anyway during this year and about two month relationship a lot happened, I had some incredible times with this girl, some of the most tender and realest moments of my life but we fought a lot initially it was dumb shit but then it started being about serious shit, I would go from being fine to being inconsolable at the slightest thing and it was putting strain on the relationship. So I went and got myself back on medication and it helped me gain some perspective on things and I calmed down, but now she would start to get annoyed and stressed about the littlest things, she had issues that I was aware of and I did my best to help but she wasn’t willing to help herself, she wouldn’t get counselling, wouldn’t even ask the doctor about it, she was content with self harming and treating people around her badly she’d convinced herself that she could handle it all herself. I was devastated seeing the relationship I’d put so much store into crumbling away and my mental health started to suffer too but for the first time it was a completely internal breakdown, I wouldn’t cry in front of anyone, I exhausted myself every day putting on the smile everyone expected, I wasn’t getting any college work done there or at home, I began to distance myself from everyone emotionally but wouldn’t let it show, the world in those months felt so cold and dark and unforgiving and for the first time I saw absolutely no future for myself. So one night when I was alone I got a belt, tied it around the handle of my cupboard door and hung my self. Just as I thought that, that was it and I was finally free the handle on the door ripped itself out and I sat slouched against the door crying for hours before just getting into bed and going to sleep. 

I eventually told everyone what I’d done and they all seemed even more determined to see me get the help they all thought I needed. Me and that girl eventually broke up, around two days after my 20th birthday, I couldn’t take the fact that she didn’t seem to want to get any better, the constant up and down of our relationship was doing worse things for us than it was good. 
I hope she gets the help she needs, I still dream of her sometimes, sometimes we argue in my dreams, sometimes My dreams are replays of those gentle and tender memories that we shared. I don’t miss her and what she became but I miss what she was and meant to me at that time in my life. 

Fast forward about 5 months and i was doing fine for a while until reacently and Now I’m at the lowest I’ve felt since the first time I tried to kill myself, I want to die but I don’t have the energy, everyday is a struggle, every word I speak takes 100times the effort that the last one took. My dose of antidepressants has been put up and if I haven’t started to feel better in a month I’ve been given the option of more. I’ve cut myself off completely from all of my friends and I don’t know how to tell them that I miss them and I want someone to talk to. The only friend I was still talking to I’ve not spoken to in about a week cause he said the ways In which I was trying to better myself and my life where stupid. I’ve finally gotten the house to myself for the first time in a while and I’ve spent the last two hours typing this out and crying on the bathroom floor and I’ll probably just stay here till someone gets in then I’ll put the smile back on and try not to worry them. If I had one wish i think I could go for a really long hug but the world is dark and cold and unforgiving so I guess the floor will do. 

