Another one of those unrequited love guys.I feel bad posting this here, because given all the stories about abuse, poverty, etc., my problem is so small.

It's basically just unrequited love by a forever alone type of guy (I am a male in college. And yes, it is possible to feel love at that age. If you disagree, please keep it to yourself).

I absolutely melt when I'm around her. It's the greatest feeling in the world. I don't even need to be doing anything with her, just being around her makes me feel good.

But at the same time I feel awful. I know that sounds like a contradiction, but it's true. I feel great and absolutely terrible at the same time. Great from love, and terrible from the knowledge that nothing will ever come of it.

I've tried talking to my friends about this. They, and most people it seems, from what most Redditors post, seem to believe that it is possible to simply forget about something like this, or think "you'll eventually get over it" will help somehow.

I really do not think I will eventually get over it. I'll explain why, but it seems useless since people seem to think that "oh I got over some girl I had a crush on a while ago" means that I'll one day just forget about her. It is an all-encompassing feeling. I cannot stop thinking about her. It doesn't matter what I'm doing. Watching a movie, doing work, driving... the focus of my brain is *always* her... what she said to me, what I said to her, what I should try in the future to "make her like me" (of course that doesn't work, but I still think about it). A feeling like this does not just magically disappear.

People also tend to suggest "stop hanging out with her." But... I can't. It is an irresistible urge, and it's not like I have to take any effort to see her, she lives right next to me. And the other problem is that she and I are good friends, and we are all friends with same group of people, and we all live right next to each other. So if I decided to randomly stop visiting her, it would also mean not seeing any of my other friends. I realize this sounds confusing or false, but this group is so close that if I wanted to visit any of them I'd have to see all of them (please trust me on this). So I can't just stop seeing her, as these are the only friends that I have. Oh, and half of them are also after her.

This last summer was terrible. Half the time I was counting down the days to go back to college and see her again and the other half I was crying my eyes out over the impossibility of anything happening between us. I couldn't wait to see her again, but at the same time I knew that all the pain that had been there last year would re-surge. And, of course, it has, and it feels worse than ever.

I think this post looks a lot like me just complaining about how people handle telling them stuff like this... but it's more like, I'm posting out of desperation and trying to say that I don't even think anything you guys, as awesome as you are, can tell me will make me feel any better. It doesn't seem like anything at all can make me feel better, except the impossible...

I wish I could just like, zap my brain and forget the past year and forget ever meeting her. I fear for my future. Not only because I don't think I'll get over her, not only because I think I'll be alone, but also because my inability to concentrate destroyed my good marks last semester, and will probably do so for the rest of my student life.

I'm sorry that this post is so all over the place, my thoughts aren't very collected. I don't know what to do. I don't know how anything or anyone can possibly help me. Suicide seems like the only way out.