I'm so fucking worried, please helpMy girlfriend of 2 years has been suicidal for a very long time. She has attempted so many times that she basically stopped counting. There have been better and worse times for her, and it seems like right now she''s not doing well at all. 

We're in a long distance relationship (we live in different countries) and I haven't been able to see her since February because of the pandemic. This makes it a lot more difficult to support her. 

Lately she has been saying so much scary shit like "maybe I should to prepare you", "Promise me to stay strong and live if anything happens to me", "Why are you so worried? I'll take care of you from heaven" etc. Yesterday she admitted that she almost jumped from the balcony the night before and that she has pills in her room for period cramps and she doesn't trust herself with them. The same day when we went to bed she said "be strong tonight", and I freaked out. She lives with her parents and they make everyone shut off the phones and turn off the wifi every night (despite my girlfriend being 23, it's weird...) so I couldn't call her. I just cried and hoped that she would be here the next morning.

Today I woke up by a text from her, thank god, but thing don't look good. She keeps telling me to "be strong" and saying "I love you". If I ask her 3 questions, she'll answer maybe one. I've been telling her all morning how much I love her, how I wanna be there for her and listen to her, help her etc. She's basically just saying "I love you" and "I'm gonna isolate now.". Now she told me "you can go and be with your friends". So communicating with her is difficult. I asked her a few times directly if she's thinking about killing herself, and I think she said "I don't know". 

I don't know what the hell to do. I'm so scared that she might attempt again (the last attempt was about 1 year ago as far as I know). 

Her parents don't know we're together (they're homophobic) and don't know me very well, but I have her parents' shared phone number. I've been thinking about texting them like "I'm worried about your daughter, please keep an eye on her". The thing that's making me doubt it is the fact that the mom is verbally abusive to my girlfriend and one of the reason's she's suicidal, and the dad doesn't do much to stop it. And my girlfriend has said that she doesn't want me to call/text them and that she's afraid I'm gonna call them. 

I don't want her to die. If she did, I think I'd wanna kill myself too. How am I supposed to live with that pain? She's my girlfriend and best friend. I've never loved anyone else like this and she's my everything. I've never been this close to anyone else.. Please help! 

&amp;#x200B;

**TL;DR**: My girlfriend has been saying scary things lately like "promise me to stay strong if anything happens to me". I'm terrified that she's gonna attempt suicide again and die and I don't know what to do. I live in another country. I keep telling her how much I love her and wanna be there for her, but it doesn't seem to help much. Her parents don't know we're together (they're homophobic) and don't know me well, but I have her parent's shared phone number. I've been thinking about texting them like "I'm worried about your daughter, please keep an eye on her". The thing that's making me doubt is the fact that the mom basically is verbally abusive to my girlfriend and one of the reason's she's suicidal, and my girlfriend has said that she doesn't want me to call/text them. I don't know what to do.