I'm scared of myself, and what i've become.It feels like my mind is decaying.

 It feels like I'm going insane. 

I might be going insane.

I’ve been snapping at people i love, i’ve been yelling more, i feel hopeless, i feel stupid, i fucking hate everyone but at the same time i want friends. I want a family, but I already have one. I want people I can talk to, I want people that love and care about me and talk to me but I don't. I might. But i don’t. Every single goddamn day, I hope and dream for something, like anything to come and save me, or help me. I hope and fantasize about some magical person coming and putting me into another realm where I can be happy, or give me powers or something that lets me be who I want to be. But magic isn’t fucking real. There’s no way I can be happy at this point.

I’ve been sitting inside of my room, I've been staying in the dark, rotting, doing nothing but listening to anything I can find and crying my eyes out. Sometimes I don’t even know why. I’m so fucking mad. I’m so sad. I’m scared. I don’t want to die. But I feel like it’s the only way. The only way I can be happy, the only way I can be free, the only way I can’t get worse and hurt someone. I don’t want to hurt anyone. But i’m so, so angry, all the time, at the littlest things. Just this morning, I got pissed because some birds were chirping a bit too loud. I get pissed at my cats meowing at night. I’m so, so scared. I’m so mad. I want to die. I want to die. I want to die.

I want to have a happy life, I want to know who i am, and i’m young, i’m thirteen, i have a chance still, but i feel like i’m going crazy. I fantasize about situations near impossible for so long I nearly feel like they’re real. I think about people from games or youtubers i like talking to me, and i sometimes almost respond back, or laugh, out loud in the real world. I think I'm becoming a monster. I’m so scared. I feel like the universe hates me. I feel like I was only created by god to be a punching bag, like I was made out of spite. 

I’m trapped inside of my own head. 

Someday I’ll die. I remember I came up with a date and age to do it. I was going to do it when i’m 15. I forgot the date. At this rate it might be sooner. I hope it’s sooner. I’m too much of a chicken to do it, i think. But when the time comes- and it will, i think i won’t be that scared.

Sorry for repeating myself, and this mess of a confession.

I don’t know what’s happening to me.