I have a good life but I hate itJust writing this i feel like I am being dramatic but also feel good to finally feel ok to talk about this to someone. I am young living with 2 loving parents, I have a lot of awesome and fun friends, I am perfectly healthy, I am involved in a lot of things, and I am smart and always have good grades. But I hate myself and my life. I do have anxiety and I even sometimes ask my sister to walk with me across the street to get the mail because I can’t do it by myself because I feel like I’d be judged and looked at even when nobody is around (I don’t really know how to describe it) 
I always think about how much better everyone’s life would be if I was gone. I also feel like I’ll never do anything with my life because everyone I know has something special that they are good at and even though I am involved in a lot of things I am only ok at them. My dreams are always shot down by people and they don’t even notice. People are always saying “what’s wrong with you” and I don’t even know. My whole life I have been bullied and teased and whenever I talk to people about it somehow I always get blamed for it and that’s why I never talk to anyone about my emotions. I have only told people about me wanting to kill myself once and that was at a sleepover when i told one of my friends I was feeling low and I cut myself. I feel so selfish when I even think about killing myself and part of that ties back to me being blamed for people mistreating me. I feel so bad about myself because I cope with humor and I even make jokes about killing myself because I don’t know how to tell my friends how I feel and ask them to support me.
Every night in the question “what’s wrong with you” echoes in my mind and I come up with so many things but I still don’t know and I still ask myself and I wonder if me feeling like this is my fault or it was caused by something or someone.
I feel like that was dramatic but I also feel like that is just a small bit of it. I’m sorry that was long and I’m sorry for wasting your time if you read this I just needed to get it all out.