My wife (9 years) has told me she doesn't love me anymore. My medical boards is in 2 weeks. I'm in a hotel room by myself. All I want is to die right now.The only thing stopping me is the guilt of leaving my parents with $100k+ of student loans and this vague idea that killing myself would be a waste to society since I'm one of the "lucky" few who was privileged enough to be able to save a life one day, if I become an EM physician. 

My boards are in 2 weeks (the USMLE part 1, the most important exam in a physician's career because your residency specialty depends on it), so that's been a massive amount of stress. I need to do well to get in to an emergency medicine residency, so I've been putting in 13-14 hours a day every day studying, when I'm not wasting my valuable time (hence the stupid username). 

My wife tells me I haven't been taking her out as much as I used to and that I've been ignoring her. She's right, I've been studying for these goddamned boards for the past 10 weeks. But mostly because of my social phobia of dealing with people outside a professional context, I've been neglecting our social life, so she goes out drinking with her friends at clubs and bars without me. I guess I was ok with that, because socializing stresses me the fuck out unless I get shitfaced drunk. 

I love her more than anything and I can't live without her. She says her feelings have changed for me, that she loves me only as a friend now. She's been saying this for a week, but she says she's felt this way for months. She wants to have a discussion about our marriage, but only after I've taken my board since she doesn't want to "stress me out" during my crucial exam prep time just before the big test.

I've struggled with social anxiety disorder since I was a teenager and am on an SSRI for it. So I don't have any true friends. Just acquaintances. My wife was my best friend. Also, my closest family other than my two parents, are her giant extended family I've grown so attached to over the last 10 years. I've spent more time with them than my own family, and they gave me a place to stay for four years when I didn't have a home. 

So I'm losing my only friend, my best friend, and basically almost my whole family, and the person I love and thought I would grow old with. 

I came very close to committing suicide when I was 18. I'm 27 now--we got married 3 years ago but we've been together since I was 18. I guess this is a "cry for help". I really really really just want to fucking die right now, and I've planned it out. The guilt is kicking in right now though. But it hurts so bad. 

On the one hand, I feel like I'm only keeping myself alive in order to not traumatized the people I love. On the other hand, when I'm dead, this pain will go away and--I know I'm a selfish asshole--I'll be dead so I won't be alive to feel the guilt after what I'm going to do. 

I don't really know why I'm writing this tbh. I've been planning my suicide since she told me a week ago. I guess I'm afraid that this time I actually have the knowledge and the willpower to go through with it this time, unlike last time. Somebody please fucking help me. Every minute I'm by alone I feel closer to doing this. 