I'm finally there and it's scarier than I thought it would beI have always wanted to die, I think. Friends and family distract me but the second I think they don't care about me, I'm dreaming about snapping my neck with a violent jerk and my body hanging limp. 

My boyfriend doesn't love me. He tells me he does sometimes, but his actions don't show it at all. I see him once a week because that's the only time he wants to see me and he just started looked for apartments. He doesn't want me there to look at them with him and he went out today with his friend, who he is moving in with. His friend brought our mutual friend who isn't moving in, but my boyfriend won't even bring me, his girlfriend. And I'm worried because he's mean to me when he hangs out with the friend he's moving in with. Today, after they saw the house, my mutual friend started texting me about how drunk she was and how they were all out at the bar. And I'm sitting at home crying because the man I have been in love with for two years doesn't even want me around.

And my friend who is texting me about being drunk is my only friend I see on a regular basis and she has no time for me anymore. We used to be so close.

I'm so fucking lonely. And I'm tired of everyone in my life acting like they fucking care about me because they don't. They're just using me when they want me and then throwing me away while I dream of killing myself. I want to cut them out of my life but I'm pretty sure then there will be nothing standing in the way of my suicide. I don't do it because I would feel guilty and if I didn't think a part of them would be hurt, I would do it in a heartbeat.

I just want it to be over. I saw a therapist and that didn't work and I was on medication for a long time but I don't want to be medicated anymore. I just want to be done. I never asked to be alive and I fucking hate it. I don't know how I'm going to do it yet, but I want it so badly. I've been so sad and so lonely and so lost and it hurts so bad all the time and it's been this way for five years and I can't anymore. No one can help me. My head hurts from crying and I can't fall asleep and I've got homework due in the morning that I didn't do and I'm in my house with my family so I can't talk to anyone on the phone but I can't anymore. 