I had a plan to end things yesterday, but nature gave me a reason to hang on just a little longer.I have been contemplating suicide for the last few weeks. What started as a distant storm cloud became a hurricane quick. 

I turned off my phone and avoided my loved ones this past week. I finished writing my good-bye letters, one to someone I consider close enough to be effected when I'm gone. Each letter was accompanied by polaroid photos that I took with the respective person I addressed the letter to. All sitting in a box for my family to find when I'm gone.

I took Friday off. Gave my boss the excuse that I needed an extended weekend to visit relatives out of town. Didn't know how to say good-bye to my coworkers so I left everyone a sticky note at their desks a few days prior. I left them positive remarks and how much I enjoy working with them. Nothing implied that I was never going to see them again. Due to COVID, they probably won't see my notes until they came back to the office.

I drove to woods around 9am. I hiked for 7 hours through 16 miles of trails contemplating how I'd die. I found a few steep drop offs that would do the job but for some reason, I  couldn't do it. At one point, I found a nice cliff that ended on the road. But I didn't want some unsuspecting person to come across my body and cause an accident. 

I remember looking up at the sky a lot. Like subconsciously, I thought something would give me a reason to keep living. I remember hearing the wind blow through the trees. I remember closing my eyes and feeling the sun's heat break through the small openings in the canopy. I remember the absolute silence at some points and then the chirping of birds at other points.

For once in a very long time, I felt alive.

Something about being in nature by myself for 7 hours gave me enough clarity to go home and give living a shot. 

I drove over the Golden Gate Bridge on my way home. "Maybe I should pull over and jump here" I thought to myself. But I kept driving. I remember seeing the sun set over the ocean to my right.

I don't know when I'll end it, but for now, I kind of want to go hiking again. 

If you read this entire thing, thank you. I don't know what you may be going through right now. Just know that I'm rooting for you. I hope you find one reason to give life a shot. 

Take care.

Sign at one place I considered jumping: [https://imgur.com/a/B5Bhqum](https://imgur.com/a/B5Bhqum)