About to take a bottle of sleeping pills...wanted to say goodbyeHey everyone, so I am about to kill myself and I figured Id address some things just in case people from my life look into my suicide and get some more information. Also, I have no one to talk to so I figured Id get my last words out here.

Im Max, 24 years old from Northern California. I am a college student, who is struggling to graduate due to my lack of organization skills and overall incompetence in regards to scholastic planning. In addition to my 6 year college tenure which is still not over, my parents have fallen on hard times, mostly because of my moms inability to hold down a job, and their assistance with my tuition and living expenses which they helped with because of my lack of income, because my job shorts me on hours and I cannot find a second income, so Im fucked. Also...my family owes over 25 grand in taxes, which they cant afford, so my college time is over, no degree, no job, no life.

In addition to the financial and academic nonsense, theres really no incentive for me to stick around. People do NOT like me, and Ive never had a friend who has stuck around for more than a couple of months. Not complaining, its not their fault but theres really no point. 

I dont really know what else to add? Im sorry Im going this route, life has been tough up to this point and I thought it would turn around but sometimes you get a rough hand and you just cant make it work. I hope that I made some people happy in my life, and that it all wasnt a waste.

Its strange, I never thought it would end this way but I figured that it would go something like this. Me backed into a corner with no alternative to get out, and I make my big escape. It is how I handled bullying as a child, my mothers drug abuse and my fathers medical issues, I felt panicked and found a way to survive. Well, no I am a grown ass man, and theres no more corners to run to, so I will take this bottle of sleeping pills, chug it with some vodka, and see where the next step takes me.

24 years was a solid run, if anyone wants to say goodbye Ill be chilling for about a half hour before the party begins.

Thanks for reading, best of luck to all of you. Nothing but love.

Maximilian