I'm just nothing. I've been trying and nothing has worked.Pretty sure cymbalta isn't working at all. I was in therapy but my parents both lost their jobs and so didn't have health insurance anymore, which meant I didn't have health insurance either. Paid for Cymbalta out of pocket for a while (Ungodly expensive), and finally called around myself and got on my own health insurance plan through the state I live in. But with this coverage I can only go through one health provider, and I tried getting into counseling there but they don't have any room for me. So all that work, and I still can't get counseling. I just get my meds free which is fucking great but I don't think they're working and I need other meds anyway besides cymbalta. Depression isn't the only issue I have.. 

Anyway so now I'm fucked. I've been suicidal again, very withdrawn from friends. I've lost 7 pounds in a week because I've eaten damn near nothing. And honestly the hunger feels fucking great. It feels like an accomplishment. It feels like, when I'm hungry, I'm succeeding. And when I eat, I failed. 

Now I just smoke weed and drink as much as possible. I've also started smoking cigarettes. I've gotten a reputation as a party animal now. Someone who always knows where the parties are, and will do anything at them. It's really just because I don't give a shitttt about myself. I don't care if a substance hurts me. And it feels like some fucked up validation when people at parties call me wild, party animal, whatever. It's some kind of approval. And it all makes me forget, like at least kind of. Almost. 

One of my friends is hooked on codeine/oxy, one on DXM, and another on Benzos. They're the crowd I hang with now. Codeine/oxy friend got kicked out of his house and was homeless for a bit, almost got arrested, and has seizures. He's been my best friend since we were 5 damn years old, and now I'm watching him kill himself. Other friends are doing the same damn thing. Other friends who aren't on the scene are cutting me out because I either have withdrawn from them or they're not comfortable with drugs etc. 

I'll be starting college for psychology, hoping I can help people like me because I haven't gotten shit for help. But I can't pay for it, and I can't talk to new people without having a panic attack unless I'm fucked up on something, so I'll be alone in college too. 

There's nothing I can do.