Artificial will of live.I've just come to a realization that without my meds, there is nothing that keeps me chained to this world.


 It all started a month ago, when I had one of my worst crisis and my first attempt, without going into much details, I left my life in the hands of lucky, coin flipped and I lived.


So having nothing to lose I decided to try once again trying new meds.
For the last few years I've had many bad experiences with meds, from being maniac all the time to "floating" in life during long periods of time, but this time it kinda worked. The one I took was Cymbaltar (Forgot now the name of the substance) and incredibly it made me feel alive. 


As if everything was at the reach of my hands. It truly felt good and there were other things happening at the same time, at the same time I started taking the pills. My therapy session where filled with happy accounts of how much I was glad for being alive, plans for the future and dreams one could only imagine without getting all silly.


 I've met a wonderful friend who kept me company day's on end and within whom my presence didn't feel a bothering nor unwanted, it made my feeling shakes as the warmth spreaded the nooks and cranes of the still veins. (Maybe I developed feelings for her, I don't know it's hard to say).
And besides her I started being all around social, something that years ago I would call it bullshit as my anxious self engulfed me in insecurities. It was honestly perfect, too perfect to be true...


 Well as the title spoils it all came crashing down once I runned out of meds, that is a few days ago and because of a dumb decision I will need to wait at least a week till I get more doses.


 I've read many reports about how the withdrawal from this hammers pretty hard on the mind even when it's used for a short period and it really does.
Wrapping all this rambling, I'm once again feeling suicidal, to the point of planning to voluntary hospitalize myself if not I won't be here for long. All the happiness became dread emptiness, insecurities came rushing thought the deep ends of my stomach vomiting all over my skin. And about the friends I've met? They couldn't care less about me, or so I want this to be true (there is more to this but it's getting too long). It was the meds all along keeping me up and without them I'm a voided husk, one that is failed from the very beginning only to be made live for the fear of death. 
My puppeteer abandoned me and now I'm alone.

(This got edgy but whatever)
~Thanks if u read it all.