I'm an awful person and deserve nothing and deserve everything that happened to meI have never used reddit before because honestly despite being a zoomer I tend to be identical to any other decrepit boomer. I just needed to get my feelings off my chest. I'm a pretty hard socialist now but I used to be a neo-nazi back in 2016, I did so many terrible things to people up to harassing a trans girl over her not passing to the point she actually did self harm. And when it happened I'd just assumed she was lying and I laughed at her until she posted one in my group chat her self harm wounds and I felt just like an utter monster. And then when I realized I was trans a year later in highschool, I stayed closeted until senior year but when I came out I lost literally all of my friends and was bullied constantly and told to kill myself over being trans and realized that what was happening was just karma and I deserved all of it. It's been almost 2 years now and I still have no IRL friends and I go places in boymode just as punishment. I then came out as non-binary and even online I lost friends. I don't have many friends and I try avoiding them because it feels like whenever I talk to them it's just some pity me party and they don't deserve to have their day ruined with my depression talk. And I don't deserve their attention, I want them just to hurt and then abandon me until I'm left alone in every sense of the word. I won't ever be successful like I thought and the world is dying and nothing has a point anymore. I miss being a dumb nazi because I was so much happier but to be fair I don't deserve happiness after what I did to that girl. Laughing at her pain and being just so awful. I'd almost want someone to kill me but I feel Im not deserving of the energy it would take. I'd rather just have them watch me fade away into nothingness and while Im scared of what comes next. Hearing them laugh at me and calling it a fake. I want to be hurt and neglected. I shouldn't have ever been born at all, I'm a fucking overweight 300 pound neet with no skills or talent and have no purposes or talents. Why did I have to have been born.