It's been a bumpy roadHello everyone!
Well...by posting this, I'm just trying to get something out of my chest and probably, I hope someone relates to this. Also, I might omit details for obvious reasons.


It started when I was 7. I got crying spells and had low self esteem. I grew up with my mom, who is single and has depression. My mom was/is loving, always did her best, and was/is never abusive. For some reason, i thought I was a bad child. As for school, I had a lot of bullies (girl bullies are the worst).


Fast forward to age 11--&gt; It was the first time I started to think about suicide.  It was after 8th grade, during vacation. I felt a "need" to slice my wrists. I've always been the shy kind of person. I never told anyone, since I didn't want my mom to know, and truly, she often talked how she didn't want me to turn out like her. 



This thought of suicide accompanied me everyday since that day until I was 21.
It started to get serious in my sophomore year at high school. I had problems with my family besides that. But I just couldn't stop thinking about how could I off myself. 


In my senior year, I gave myself 5 years more of life (I was 16 when I did this). If it didn't get better in 5 years, I would execute the final plan. The memories of the bullies from school were still tormenting me every night. I didn't decide to do something quick, since my family during all that time, was going through a rough patch, and I didn't want any more people suffering besides me. 
Then, college came. I moved away from my family. The first few days were good. Then, I fell into a deep depression for the first 2 years. I kept remembering my 5 year promise. I would cut myself, starve, anything to get a relief. At some point, 3rd year got better. 

By the fourth, it was going ok, but my mom got very sick (did not die, though) and I was far away from her. I had nobody to talk to, and it kept eating me from the inside. Then, I moved again for training before graduation. I met this awesome guy (I'm a girl, btw), but he was kind of a jerk, trying to find himself after being neglected by his parents. I understood that, and we became very good friends until now. During that time, I got sick, and realizing that I was alone was just a spiral down for me. I could not stand living alone anymore. I wanted to take sleeping pills to sleep through the weekends, and I did one time (it was bad). I'm not a drinker, but I started to drink at my place. I got crying spells, I had mood fluctuations, I would get mad for things, and in the past, I would never get mad about little things like I did back then. I couldn't stand myself. I didn't want to talk to anybody. I would hang up on people on the phone. Nothing was interesting, I didn't love anything, food was like cardboard, and I wasn't sure if the person I loved loved me back. I couldn't stand being alone. Goodness...the solitude on that tiny apartment that only had one mattress drove me crazy. And I couldn't go out, because I was paranoid that everyone was looking at me and laughing at me for being alone. Then, I became 21. 5 years had passed. I knew that probably things were not enough to take me to that point, but I honestly couldn't stand myself anymore. One day, a friend invited me to watch a movie. For two times, I almost told my mom, almost told a coworker, and that was the day, and I almost told my friend. I was very scared because it was the first time it had become a real plan with a date and hour. I was going to say "I need to talk to you" but before I could say anything, he said in a jokingly way "GTFO" and told me that he was kind of late to meet his WOW friends. I said goodbye, and as I was walking to my car, it was sunset. The sun was shinning red, and I felt it as a confirmation that I had to do it that day. I felt some kind of relief, freedom. I went home, and as I was going to execute the plan (I try not to remember it as not to succumb again) my mom called me. She had no clue. I didn't tell her anything. We just talked about the future, about how I was going to get a job and we were going to build a house together and stuff. I don't know why, but that made me stop. Maybe because I realized someone dreamed with me in the future. I know it's hard to step back from this, so don't get offended if this sounds vague.
After that scare, I tried my best (fake? perhaps) to avoid feeling depressed and empty. I even bought a DSi, and games and movies, etc. But I felt it was a forced, fake effort and deep inside, I just couldn't handle it anymore. 




After graduation, i couldn't find a job that allowed me to stay more in the place that I became to love. I moved in with a relative. I think I got better during that time, but I still had the adrenaline rush from the whole situation. I think, by this time, I stopped my thoughts about suicide. I wasn't ready to move to another place, alone, to work. If I had gotten a job, and didn't live with my relative, I would really had killed myself. 




Now, I got a job, but I'm far away from the new people that came to love. Anyways, I had to work hard with myself to accomplish a state  in which, at least, I can be comfortable being alone. A state in which I'm not thinking everyday about dying and that I think i can see light in the future. I'm still very prone to become depressed, but I truly don't want that. I try to avoid it, I keep myself busy. Anything not to go back to that. I wish I had gotten help.  At the same time, I'm glad I didn't. I don't know why.