SUICIDE - THERE'S A LIFE AND THERE IS HOPE.It's okay to want to die. It's okay to have suicudal thoughts and that doesn't make you a bad person. When I'm in a dark place, all I want from people is just to listen me without being judgemental. 
I sometimes often felt like I couldn't be myself around people. Something that we've never really been taught or told enough in our life is that, it's okay to be yourself. I love you for being you and that'really the root of our mental health issues. It caused us to wander, "What's the point of living if I can't live the life I want to live?"
So, if more and more more people could tell us that, then we wouldn't be so suicidial at any point of time. Sometimes we don't feel like we really have anyone to talk because we are so worried that if we express our sucidial thoughts, we will either be laughed at, people will try to give us silly advice or we would end up going to the hospital and nothing would be solved.
I personally think instead of saying "What you're doing is wrong", and your sucidial thoughts are meaningless, and you just need to do all those reasonable stuffs so that you'll be better, let's go into why people want to take their life? We need to live in that zone for a while.
There's a reason why so many people are sucidial and why so many people want to take their life. And until we address the root of that, nothing is going to change. Instead of trying to erase it or sweep it under the rug, let's come with a solution and let's start opening up. If we're not doing so, we are never going to lower the suicidial rates and more and more people are going to feel like they can't open up.
People shouldn't be afraid of people with suicidial thoughts. The more and more we can normalize suicidiality, then I think the more people will be willing to open up and get help, and want to stay. I just want more and more people to feel like they can be expressive about their mental health without the fear of being punished and also without the feeling that they're invalidated.
What keeps on going now is that we do have a lot to offer to the world. Start thinking back to all the accomplishments that you've had. Think about your hobbies, talents, friends and family and start living for yourself to be a happy person.
It might help if you start seeing the old messages, e-mails and pictures. Start inspiring other people with your story and be a hope to them. Teach them how to live their life and express your pain as well as the solutions you used to heal those pains. Start enjoying the time with your friends and families and start living with a purpose and a meaning to your life. Cheers!