Almost 24 and I feel like I've failed and nothing has turned out as planned. Not even close.Using a throwaway so my boyfriend (fellow redditor) doesn't find this post... I don't want him to worry even more than he already does.

Three weeks ago, my boyfriend lost his job. We've been living together for several years, and he made more money than I do. This means we're substantially short on rent money this month (it's due today.) His parents agreed to help us with rent money, but only for this month. After that, I have no idea what we're going to do.

And I just got written up at work yesterday for missing too many days this month (three) because I was in the hospital for a medical issue I've been fighting my entire life. I'm worried if I get sick again, which is out of my control, I will be fired. And we will be absolutely fucked for money.

He's filed for unemployment but we're unsure if he'll be eligible. He's frantically looking for any work possible. I'm scrambling to find another, better paying job. Meanwhile, I hate my job (I make outbound calls to current clients of a company trying to upsell them, it's awful work) and had been planning to quit and take my time while looking for a different job, because his money alone was enough to live on. I get screamed at by people all day, which I can handle on a normal day but when I'm worried about how we're going to eat, I can't mentally handle it. I was on the verge of crying at work nearly all day yesterday and had to keep taking deep breaths and drinking water to push those feelings down.

I dropped out of college a year or so ago. I had only been able to go part time because just being on campus gives me panic attacks. I was raped my freshman year of college... twice. By two different people. After that I had a really hard time being on campus at all. I went to therapy, tried medication, tried not to make any excuses... but I just can't ever seem to stick with it no matter how hard I try. I have absolutely no idea what I want to do with my life that would be any better than what I'm doing right now. Going back to school feels like a non-option right now because of our money situation, and I am 5k in credit card debt/30k in student loan debt, while he is 30k in student loan debt as well (but has his degree.)

I have been crying for days because I'm so worried about money and my job and things. I'm so disappointed with myself for allowing our life to be this way. I feel like a waste of space. I feel like nothing is going to get better. It feels like sinking.

tl;dr, almost 24 and dropped out of college, bullshit job that makes me miserable on a daily basis, boyfriend lost his job a few weeks ago and now we are completely without money. feeling like nothing will ever get better.