I'm ugly and people treat me like shit.  I'm sick of myself, this life, and this horrible world and reality.  I want to rip it apart.I've been ugly all throughout my life and people never hesitated in letting me know that.  Now, I'm all alone and am going to die alone because of how hideous I am.

I'm sick of you freaks telling me it's all about confidence while you're banging all sorts of people of the opposite (or perhaps) same sex because YOU'RE good looking.  You don't know what it's like.  And instead you try to bring me down even further because of how I look, wanting to deny my problems and the reality of my life to elevate yourself and shit on me even further.

I'm ugly.  I have nothing in common with anyone.  I'm fucking hideous and a piece of trash.  My personality "sucks" but that's after years of abuse at your hands, or the hands of people just like you.  I know that your "love" thing is just a myth.

I'm too afraid to leave my house because you people are lying manipulators and creeps.  I've been accused of awful crimes I couldn't have even possibly have committed.  I've been assaulted, locked up for weeks in a juvenile detention center for getting into an argument with my mother over my atheism when I was a teenager.  I have had the police called on me for being depressed when I was a teenager on a skeptic's message board because the admin didn't personally like me (he said as much in an e-mail to me) and fucked with my life (he knew my mother was very religious and wanted her to find out what I've been doing on the internet).  

I've had friends abandon me all my life, backstab me, so on and so forth, because of my low social status.  Humans, ever the status-seeking creatures (aren't all social animals in the animal kingdom that aren't eusocial creatures like ants or naked mole rats that way?) would abandon me if that meant they could fit into a more popular crowd.

I don't belong on this earth.  I don't belong in this world.  There's something very wrong with my existence.  What I want to know is, why should morality matter to me, when it's always been a one-way street?  Why should I hold myself to the rules of society?  I do not want to be a willing slave.

I've figured you people and this world out, and it's an evil place to haunt me.  I can't kill myself--if I was capable of it, I would have a long time ago.  But I've figured you people out, and your intent is to damage me further.

Why shouldn't I damage you and this world first?