Thought s of a dying person aka m e don't readI lost game over friend this life is the worst bullshit that has ever happened to m e wow wow can't remember a single moment in which I was happy
Actually I can
It was with people I have lost
I remember when I shared the bed with a man for the first time I remember looking into his big blue eyes thinking I never want to stop getting lost into them I remember we were going to sleep in each others arms and I didn't want to sleep fearing I would miss a precious moment and then boom I got dumped like a week later lolololol it took me a year to get over it A YEAR can you imagine... 3/4 months of relationship .. a year to get over it ... Haahahahah what an idiot. I thought " maybe  this  time 
i will actually be happy and be loved" what an idiot. Remember when I was hospital ized in a psychiatric hospital I hated my parents so much for doing that to me. I really did. I hated that place. With all my heart. I lied at the tests they made me take. I lied didn't want people to know how suicidal I was and am. Hahha the psychiatrist was angry because I wouldn't open up and she kicked off at me???.. I remember when I broke someone.... I was so little but so evil.... I was 13 and basically a little kid.mm this ""friend of mine" was basically a bitch I couldn't stand and she made a nastu comment on my brother's glasses so I got home and made a video in which I called her a beached whale... And uploaded it on YouTube... Then I showed it to people... You should have seen the look on that poor girls face. She was crying she was broken WHAT HAVE I DONE?? I THINK THE WORLD IS STILL PUNISHING ME FOR THAT.MM  yes I am evil and I have sinned... Punish me world for I am the worst person that could have ever inhabited this world. I want to see my blood stain the walls and pavement I want to drown in my blood I want to feel the cold embarce of death . Death come closer. I know you soooo well death. We see each other everyday but we never really touch the moment we doz it's the end for me I die. I wonder why people are so stupid and retarded. "You make me feel guilty xdxdxd" then when I tell them I'm suicidal they yell at me and tell me I'm a burden I'm pathetic I should just die. Yes I know. Go on please. I want you to push me over the edge. Haven't had a shower in a week, too depr seed to get up from the bed. You know people talk about depression as if it was just sadness but it's not. Death is cheap one second you're here the next you're gone. I've been craving for that feeling of peace. Maybe then I would be loved. People only love you when you're dead haha. I can't wait can't wait to be loved. I wanna be buried next to my nana. I'm sorry nana I'm so sorry. Burn my remains and throw the ashes in the toilet. I don't deserve to be remember. I don't deserve to be loved. Oh world why was I bound to die like this? All this year's all this hope was for nothing. Life... Life ... What is it... A lie. One big lie. All I gotta do is take a step forward. And then I'm gone. GONE. For good. Good lord. If you really exietz , safe me. Give me something good. Someone who will save me. Who will stay.. and save me..