I'm not worth all the effort needed to fix myself at this point.I (21 m) was diagnosed with depression when I was 11 and since then I've tried 6 different antidepressants. Right now I'm on welbutrin and lamictal and I still have no energy, ability to focus, memory issues, and a burning desire for nothing more than to catch the bus.

I live alone and sometimes occasionally call my dad or sister. I have a good handful of friends in the city I live in, everyone knows me as smiling and happy. I try confiding in family about issues and they shut me out every time, but I do have a therapist I see once a week. I grew up with a BPD alcoholic mom so we are nc. I got kicked out at 16, moved into a homeless shelter then with my abusive ex. Then I got pregnant when I was 18 and gave the baby for adoption, which I still fucking regret. I wish I had my shit together and could care for him, but I was a mentally ill kid who could barely take care of himself.

My executive functioning is garbage, I can barely take care of mundane chores and my self. My last couple jobs only lasted a couple months each last year, and I have the desire to have a long term job again and feel stable but it doesn't feel possible when I can't even take care of dishes. I have trust issues and I'm really paranoid that people all have a goal of using me or hurting me in some way. I really have no supports or help besides government paying my bills and a therapist letting me spill my guts to her, as everyone else just wants the happy and smiling fake version of me.

I just feel like a constant disappointment. Like a waste of government resources for them to pay for the living costs of someone who doesn't even want to live. I have the opportunity to get an education for free, have my living costs paid for, I should be psyched like any other person in their early 20s. It all just seems like waaay too much work. I'm just going to fail like every other attempt I've had at going back to school.  I don't have the energy to start all these things just to end up dropping it all again and hating myself even more for failing again. 

I'm very obese (310lbs) and it should be easy for me to start losing weight because I have such a high tdee. I've done a lot of reading about CICO and n how to start losing weight but I'm weak and buy fast food almost daily. I can't stop emotionally eating and feeling self-loathing afterward. 

I also have just over $1000 of financial debt that's been tagging along for almost a year and a half. I really don't feel like I'm capable of maintaining anything, let alone improving myself. Having most of everything written out helps put things into perspective for me at least, I really don't want to continue living everyday with the heavy guilt and self-hatred.

It all just makes sense to fucking end the pain. The only thing keeping me going is my pets but they'd be better off in another home anyway.