So I guess this is my goodbye postI’m a 16 year sophomore girl.

So there isn’t really a point to this. I’m basically just going to resort to venting on the internet, as all other possibilities of me finding help have flown out the window. I’ve been feeling substantially more suicidal than I’ve ever been lately and I’m planning on killing myself sometime soon. There are actually a few factors that add up to why I’m feeling this way, but the main reason is that I’m completely and utterly alone. And when I say that, I don’t mean anything like, “Oh, I have a couple friends I talk to, but that’s about it”. No. I mean I literally have no friends. Not even acquaintances. The only person that I could even consider slightly close is an old friend from middle school who lives in my neighborhood, but even then we only see each other a couple times a year and have been drifting away from each other ever since the start of high school, as we attend different schools. It’s my fault that I’m in this situation though. I have severe social anxiety and am extremely shy. It’s gotten to the point where people label me as selectively mute. I just can’t force myself to utter more than a sentence to people that I meet without starting to physically shake or stutter. Talking is supposed to be an easy, natural thing, and I absolutely hate myself for not being able to do something this simple. Last year when I was a freshman, I was actually very persistent on making friends with people. I made myself come out of my shell quite a few times and sparked tiny conversations with people. However, this little attempt at trying to improve was fruitless. I got nowhere with my efforts, and this extra bit of talking on its own was incredibly difficult for me. I’ve recently given up trying to converse with other students at my school. I sit alone in the learning commons of my school every lunch period. I make no effort to try to talk to people anymore. I remember last year I used to cry in my room daily due to my loneliness, but now it’s like I feel absolutely nothing. It’s almost like I’m devoid of emotion. 

I still have my family, but they don’t understand anything about what I’m going through. I’ve reached out to them plenty of times regarding my severe depression but they don’t listen. They only care about how my depression is affecting my academic life and not anything else. They’ve reminded me time and time again about how all that matters to them is that my grades are above average. They don’t give two shits about the pain that I’m going through emotionally. I understand that my parents love me and please don’t get the idea that I hate them or anything… It just upsets me that they can’t understand what I’m going through because: 1. They haven’t experienced this kind of depression firsthand and 2. They themselves achieved outstanding grades in school and expect the same from me, which blinds them to the fact that my emotional instability is more important to me than academics right now. I was a relatively good student and achieved decent grades, but it all started going downhill this year. I still achieved a good grade average in my freshman year because I still had hope that this would get better, but since I’ve basically given up on life now, my grades have been flushed down the toilet. I can’t seem to focus on school anymore. I’m constantly exhausted during my classes and can’t focus on half of what the teacher is saying. I hate getting in trouble due to bad grades, but school just isn’t one of my main priorities anymore. I know that I should care, but I just don’t.

I know that maybe my reasoning for wanting to commit suicide is a little petty, especially when you compare my story to that of millions of other people who have it far worse than I do, which makes me feel extremely guilty. I can’t help but feel these emotions though. I actually remember reaching out on the internet about this a while back and received a response from someone who told me that I should feel ashamed for having suicidal thoughts and tendencies for something this small when there are other people who have it worse. While I am aware that maybe this person was a tad bit harsh, the basis of what they were saying is so true. This and the fact that my family would be devastated were two of the things holding me back from killing myself thus far. That and the likelihood that I would be perceived as a selfish asshole who’s only concern was for themselves and not their family. I do love my family, even though they can’t comprehend my emotional state, and I really don’t want to hurt them, but I just can’t deal with living anymore.

Weird thing is, I don’t really want to die. I would love to continue living and enjoy the rest of the time I have given on earth. That is, if I knew that this would get better. You need hope in order to want to live. I lost that long ago. I know myself better than anyone else, and I’m a hopeless cause. My depression and anxiety has gotten to the point where I believe that death is simply easier than living. It’s my ticket out of here. It’s a guaranteed end to the constant storm of emotions and thoughts being whipped around in my mind. Dying is absolutely terrifying, but it really can’t be any worse than what life is offering me. I plan on killing myself soon, most likely within the next couple of months. I live on top of a hill overlooking a seemingly endless meadow and there’s this giant oak tree not too far from my house. When I was little me and my sisters would spend hours at that tree playing on the rope swing that my dad put on there for us. I think that would be a nice spot to do it. The sunset is stunning to watch during the evening. It’ll be quiet and peaceful. I've even decided to play my favorite song for when I do it (Ruby - twenty one pilots). It’s funny that while planning my last few minutes, I’m persistent on including my band fandom. 

There’s really no point to me staying alive. I no longer care about the aftermath of my death. They can call me an insensitive prick or a coward all they want. I deserve it anyways. I have no purpose, and I’ve pretty much butchered any chance of finding a successful career due to my shitty grades. I have zero social skills and will most likely end up alone until the day I die (given I wasn’t going to kill myself long before I grow old). May as well just finish this waste of a life then.