I can't stop considering killing myself...Forgive me if I ramble or run-on a bit. I don't have another source to talk about this with. If I speak about this to anyone, I'd hate the result even more than my situation as it stands.

Work is falling apart, but going into it might identify me. With that said, my relationship of 5+ years seems to be ending, and I don't know what the hell to do about it. I've put so much effort into being the right person for her with the internal understanding that I would do whatever it takes to make her happy and build a life with her. I've helped her get away from (what I was told was) a physically abusive ex-fiance, reconnected and helped her rebuild broken relationships with family that's lives 7-8 hours away, gotten the blessing of her grandfather to propose about a year before he passed away and helped bury him, helped care for our neice and nephew through her sister who treats them poorly, brought her to the emergency room multiple times to take care of an illness that was in her mind, helped her through going back to a psychologist on a weekly basis, endured as she cheated on me multiple times, make sure to give her all the attention I can, always tell her how much I love her, how smart she is, how beautiful she is, and build her self esteem that was crushed for years by her mom, take all the yelling in a call fashion, make sure to surprise her with flowers and new experiences every chance I got, took her on her first plabhe ride, helped her overcome her fear of heights to take her on roller coasters and skydiving, and so much more.

I thought that loving someone principally meant that you pledge yourself through the good times and the bad.

Now, everything I say is being classified as manipulative, lying, or in some negative light. I've never lied to her once! 

Lately, she told me she got a house and wanted me to move in there with her, even though we already live in a good house provided by my work. She started smoking again, even though she's taking prenatal and we planned on conceiving in December! Somehow, everything I say is wrong, and I cannot find a way to move forward. I want more than anything to make her happy. It's always been a cycle of her doing something wrong, apologizing, and asking for forgiveness. Now, she's treating me very poorly and acting like I'm the one doing things wrong. I apologize anyway, and she just wants to keep yelling or scolding me...

I don't know what to do, and I keep thinking about ways to commit suicide... hanging, getting a gun, the right combination of pills... the main thing that stops me tight now is... what if I fail? I don't know what the hell to do...

One day, I'll probably do it unless something changes in my life. I know I'm responsible for making that change, and I just don't know how...