My best friend stopped texting me for a few months, and she texted me yesterday night about her being suicidal. Saying she's a coward, and she's trying to commit to her plan to kill herself. She's trusted me to not tell anyone, and I don't know if she's going to talk to me. I don't know how to help.It's been about 2-3 months since my best friend stopped texting me. Yesterday was my birthday, and she finally said things while I was asleep. She sounds like she's on the verge of doing it.

"The only thing keeping me from doing it is my cowardness and yet the only thing truly convincing me to do it is the word coward being shouted in my head".

"I even wrote a note once"

I'm more than worried for her. All this time she was gone, I still cared about her more than anything. I still tried to talk to her, and asked people if she was doing well. It sounds like this is the reason why she hasn't texted me. I didn't understand that, and I feel so bad for constantly still trying to talk to her. I was just another problem making it worse.

I don't know if she's going to text me again, or how long it will take. She said not to reply for 2 days, but I sent at least 50 messages when I woke up. I told her how much I care about her, and how much she means to me. I told her I knew what it was like, and we can get through this together. I begged her to reach out and talk to me because I understand. I don't even know if she's going to see all of it. She trusted me to not tell anyone because if she made it, she doesn't want to be known as the girl who couldn't commit.

She was literally planning to leave the house for the train at 2AM last night right after sending me messages. She's still ok now, but I don't know what's going to happen. I'm worried. I'm so worried. I don't know what I would if she's gone. I don't know if I can make it knowing that I couldn't reach out and help, and that I only made things worse. I don't know what i would do knowing that my best friend has left this world and I couldn't even be brave enough and understand her while I could.

What do I do? She said it's not because of her friends, and she trusted me enough to tell nobody. I don't know if i should reach out to her friends or not. I don't want to break her trust, or break her heart. What am I supposed to do? I don't know how to help. I don't know if I can live knowing she's gone and I couldn't help. 

She was my everything, and I would do anything for her. But I don't know if she will open my texts, or pick up the phone if I call her. I probably can't see her in person either, and this is tearing me apart. I'm scared. I'm worried. I want us to be happy again. She was my closest friend, and I misunderstood everything and thought it was all about me. I feel so horrible. I'm ashamed of all my letters. I don't know how to deal with this. I wanted a response from her, but not like this. I feel like the worst person ever.

Please help, what do I do.