My Story.Hello Everyone.
I will give you a bit of context as to who I am exactly before I get into the meat and potatoes of what I would like to talk about. As of January 6th 2020 I am 16 years old, I am a male and my first name is Angel. What I will talk about today is my life story that has led me to having some very dark thoughts. Alright so let's begin.

I grew up in Rhode Island, AKA the smallest state in the United States, nothing very special there. My father skipped out on being in my life before I was even born, he wanted my mother to get an abortion but my mother refused, I hear stories about him being a very serious drug dealer who was very violent and had a history of being locked up in some serious prisons, including some prisons in Puerto Rico. He was 27 and my mother was 19 at the time of my conception and birth. Having a son at 19 and being single seems like a big burden to hold on you, I wish I wasn't born at all so my mother could actually have a career but that's besides the point. 2 weeks after my birth my mother finds a person that she grown an interest in, my soon-to-be stepfather. The first few years of their relationship seemed to be fine. She had a child that she couldn't take care of and he was this big strong figure in her life since he had money and he was physically strong and protective. I don't remember much before then but I remember them having big physical and verbal fights and the calling of names as early as five years old. As I grew older their relationship just escalated and escalated to the point to where my stepfather would abuse my mother physically and get her to the point of having lots and lots of bruises. She kept up in the relationship until I was about 13. She left him and went into an apartment and I joined her because I didn't want to be in that house with him. We moved to a very bad neighborhood that was famous for drugs and crime, into an apartment we could barely afford and with no safety net. These few years were by far the worst of my life. My mother was in a very depressed, borderline suicidal mindset and barely took care of me and was pretty much neglectful. She grew a liking to drugs and was addicted to heroin and other opiates, I remember seeing so many syringes on the floor that I needed to step over them. She relapsed so many times. I pushed all of this negativity inward and thought I was the problem. That if I just didn't exist and never was born, then my mother would most likely have gone to do better things. And I had strong thoughts of suicide and I fantasized about me getting hit by a bus or taking all of the pills in the medicine cabinet. I self harmed a lot and I liked doing it because it relieved myself for a short period of time. I hated myself so much, I thought I was the worst human being ever to exist and that I am a no good, insignificant, abnormality that just needs to disappear. I would get into fights at school, I would cross the street without looking both ways, I would wake up wanting to end it all. When I was about 15 my mother relapsed  and that was when my aunt took custody of me and took me to her apartment in Massachusetts. I have been there ever since. It's a better situation than I was a few years ago but I still find myself thinking the same thoughts. I have suicidal thoughts often, I make plans even though I probably will never follow through with them. I hate myself so much I think that if i were anyone other than myself I'd be a way better person than I am now. I don't have any talents, I just breeze through school, mind my own business, don't talk to anyone, go home, lay in my bed, rinse and repeat. I've never been diagnosed with anything because I'm afraid of doctors and therapists, I believe the only thing you pay them for Is bad news. I don't know if i even have anything. I don't believe any medication or talking will help with what I'm thinking now. And I don't believe I even deserve help to begin with. There are people that have had it way worse than me. I was once a bright young child but now I am a dead, cold husk with no redeeming qualities. I don't want to say I have anything close to a mental illness either because I have never been diagnosed so there is no proof I even have anything, therefore it would be an insult to people with real mental health problems. I digress. Thank you for listening to my poorly formed story of my life so far, I hope to get feedback and kind words if possible. It seems to me that I'm always alone so it would be a nice change of pace if I could get some positivity.

-Angel