No penis, no hopeHey everyone, thanks for being in this community.

I've been considering suicide for a long time and it's getting worse lately. On the surface I'm attractive, make pretty good money, have my shit together.

I'm 27 year old biological female. My whole life I've always been drawn to "boy" activities and ways of thinking. My body has never felt right, I've always wanted a penis. I expected one to grow during my childhood but it never happened, and I feel like I'm still a little boy physically.

I've dated and slept with women but it feels awful when they touch me and I've had a really hard time talking to my partners about this. Sometimes I can't at all, and when I do it seems like they're supportive with their words but don't actually see me as someone with a dick or want to explore that more. And I'm too shy and scared to bring it up.

I tried working through it with one of of my exes who I loved a lot. She told me it just didn't feel natural when I fucked her with my strap on dick. She's fine with bio male partners' bodies. It's her decision what she likes and doesn't like, but that moment has stuck with me for so long and I feel like a worthless monster every time I think about it.

I've tried soft packing but it's still very awkward bc I still go by she/her since I'm too scared to say anything. And it doesn't get hard on its own so the whole process is just embarassing. I want so badly to be able to just cuddle up with my gf and for us to both be happy with my penis and for none of this to be a big deal anymore.

I've tried reading about men with small dicks who struggle with these thoughts since it's pretty close to my situation, but most of the advice boils down to "your dick isn't actually that small, don't worry" which doesn't apply to me.

A lot of women who I've dated casually insult men and their bodies which makes it even harder to bring up my problem.

I'm scared to go to therapy or try to find some community to help. It just seems impossible and humiliating.

I know that if we asked men anonymously whether they would want to go on living without a dick, and a lot would say no. I don't blame anymore for this.

I just feel like no matter how hard I try in life I'm never going to be seen or loved by a girlfriend or wife. That thing that pretty much everyone takes for granted, the thing a lot of us love for - physical  intimacy, being touched and excited - is something I'll never experience.

Waking up in this body every day is hard, sometimes I lie in bed for an hour crying before I can get up. No matter where I go I take this problem with me and feel exposed to everyone I see. I don't know how to have relationships with any of them.

Little things like going to the bathroom, watching movies with sex in them, talking about exes or dating, looking people in the eyes at all - constantly weigh on me and I feel exhausted and hopeless. It's dumb but I just imagine someone I care about smiling comfortably and touching my dick and everything being ok between us, and I want that so much, and it can never happen.

I care about the world outside of myself and feel like I'd be able to get over this and focus on bigger things, if I was a good person.

You're all really nice for being in this subreddit, thanks for reading this if you have.