I posted a cou[ple of days ago but it was rejected probably because I talked about a suicide method. I am not sure where to go talk about these things. Or how I can talk about my real feelings on here.Is it safe on this sub? Considering it is suicide watch - does that mean you watch out for people who are suicidal and then report them?

Or is this a place you can come for help?

I need to talk to someone, or discuss what is going on with me, but I am finding that it is impossible to do on here. I was going to try to go into the dark web to talk about this,  but I would rather try to stay away from that for now. Is there real help here, or will I be reported? 

I am just struggling by each day and have no reason to go on (for real) and I am not sure what I am supposed to do about that. 

I hate hearing comments about looking at the bright side of life, or maybe it will be better tomorrow, or next year or whatever. No one can promise you those things and if you knew my whole situation and history with mental health then you might actually agree with me that I don't really have much reason to stay alive. I would like to discuss it, though. Incase someone has something new or different to say. 

This is a too-brief description of my life, but I can't possibly write it all out. 

I have no family that speaks to me or wants me around. This has been ongoing for 15 years. Three of my 4 children have been turned against me by my family. My youngest child is being pulled away from me by my abusive ex and his new wife. I have no friends - very honestly - no one. No one texts, calls, Facebooks, etc...no one. All bridges have been burned so that there is no one I could reach out to. Plus when I think about it, reaching out would not change anything. I have done lots of reaching out and I just end up losing friends and frustrating people because I dont get better. I lost my career which was a good paying profession. I've been on disability for 6 years. Can't go back to my old career but honestly, I have tried working and going to school and I cant do it. My depression is so bad that I am too unpredicatable to commit to anything. I have been on so many meds that I have lost track. There is a huge shortage of Psych drs here and I cant switch even though I see mine every few months - sometimes it has only been yearly. Therapy is useless. I talk and talk but there are no ways that the therapist can change my life or suggest ways I can change my life. No one can change the circumstances. I have been at the point for awhile now that there is so little positive in my life and nothing to look forward to and no hope of any of it changing (for real) that it is cruel for people to expect me to stick around. My life is absolutely empty every day/all day for YEARS. And I don't care about anything anymore. 

I dont know why I am posting exactly, because I know there are no answers out there that can really help me. I used to be a different person, attractive, in-shape, great education, goals, family and great kids. I have none of those things left. And there is no way to get them back. I have tried. I just sleep all day and all night and have no ambition to even spend time with my youngest anymore. Because I have zero energy and sharing her with another woman who acts like she owns my daughter is exhausting.