Im this | | close to keep cutting. And im 4 steps away to actually ending this.This year has been really tough. I won't go in details but it's not my first time cutting or having suicidal thoughts. It all started end of September mid November.  thought I was a strong individual but I guess I'm just a normal piece of shit. Anyways I always had low self esteem and confidence however I always was able to hide it and deal with it. But after that period of my life I am not able to handle it. 

Here is the situation:

I worked my ass off in school ( I'm a student in electrical engineering  ) to try to transfer out of my program to Computer engineering. But my mental state significantly affected my grades. 

I applied to 3 different schools who are  more high level that the school I am in. 

I found out that I got rejected from one of the schools I applied and they send me a really condescending email and that enraged me . To  a point at which I wanted to be destructive, something that never has happened to me before. 
 
Like fuxk just don't put glitter in the shit you send . Just be straight forward and move on.

Anyways, I thought I had a pretty good chance and had my hopes up. And I just got my grades back from this semester and I got an average of 3.5 /4  which is not the grades I was getting last year before my mentally break down.

My gf is in that school that I got rejected( for your info no I did not applied to that school just for her. )

Now I just feel hopeless , dumb ass , stupid , worthless, I feel like I won't be able to do anything good on my life. And I feel and starting to believe that it's better for me to kill myself. I feel like I can't do anything anymore and I want to numb the pain. 

I don't feel good enough even if I do my best . And that's what bother me . My parents , friends and GF are happy and proud of my accomplishments. But I'm not. I know I can do way better but 2hen I try I keep failing. 

Here is the solution of my brain :

Now I just feel it's time to end it . 4 steps away ... But there is a part of me who is not ready yet... 

Anyways thank you for listening who ever you are. 