i hate myself and dont know what to doill cut to the chase. when i was 17 i groped a friend while i thought she was asleep. even though i was drunk i knew it was wrong and i thought the best thing to do was to not talk about it with her again, because i thought it would reopen trauma. recently she called me out for it. i apologized for it finally and apologized for not saying anything to her. 

well it turns out what i did mentally affected her for a long time and i messed up her life. i offered regret and remorse and made it clear that i learned from it and would never do anything like it again, which i havent. i focus on being humble and the best person i can be. the girl does not want anything to do with me which i completely understand, but i know it was the right thing to do to finally try and reach out to her and offer to help her in any way i can. i blame her for nothing and she went through a lot of other hard traumatic stuff unrelated to what i did to her, but i certainly caused her much trauma and pain.

i also told my girlfriend that i love and had been dating for almost two years, and she broke up with me. i am incredibly broken right now and didn't even show up for work today. my relationship appears to be over even though my now ex girlfriend says she still loves me but can't see me the same way. everything was going great and i planned to spend the rest of my life with her(my first love) and now she does not want to continue with me romantically. 

i just never thought this horrible mistake from when i was 17 would come back like this. i feel physically immobile and cannot even keep food down. my friends have told me that it would take time to get out of this but i honestly dont know how to live with this at all. i know it would not be the right thing to punish myself and i need to continue to grow and be a better person. but it was my fault. i did the act and i did not apologize for it, and that was wrong. but all i feel is overwhelming feelings of self-hatred and that i will never be a good person and i have destroyed my life. 

i dont know what i expect from posting this. i ask for no sympathy because i deserve this guilt and shame. but i feel paralyzed and physically sick. and ive talked to people i love and trust but i cannot shake the feeling that my life is over and i don't matter and everyone hates me.