Today I feel like writing thisI fucking hate this shitty life. Who doesn't ? I'm guessing most people here either hate their lives or have at some point.

Today was sunny, I went for a walk, it was good to feel the sun on my face while being in this shitty life. People are nice, they stop to let me cross, other pedestrians may throw a smile here and there, sometimes a dog will appear and be all happy to see me. I don't hate life, I just hate mine.

After a little bit of wondering, getting a snack from a shop, really nice people everywhere, I start losing it. My eyes, they are like a damn holding back years and decades of deeply installed depression, so deep, I was probably depressed for over a decade before even realizing anything at all, maybe even longer.

I'm so glad it's sunny. I can wear sunglasses to hide those sad teary eyes of mine. I guess rainy days can work too, the bonus point being that there are less people to show you that life can be good.

I don't even know why I'm writing, I'm just feeling very very very shitty. It's that time of the year, that time where friends and family get together, share meals, presents, kind words, some drama and tears, but it's all shared. They party, make resolutions, etc etc. That time of the year when people take stock of what they've achieved.

I've been reading other people's stories. Some of you have had it hard, I can't believe how brave you've been. Others, I think "so young, you can turn everything around at that age". My story, I want to tell it too, I will, one day I will. Not today, it's too damn long and just thinking about some stuff is too much.

I'm not going to do anything like try to kill myself, not today, not this month, not this quarter. I have a few things to do. I'll see how I feel later. The one thing I have been doing lately is smoking cigarettes. I smoke 2 right in the morning, it's like the slow version of suicide, it helps. They should put that on the cigarette packs: "Smoking as a suicide method can save lives".

Thanks to those who are often here to help others. The only help I needed today was to know that you are there to help total strangers that you don't even know aren't trolls.