Don't mind me, just here to lash-out./ An obvious cry for help.TL;DR: I'm suicidal for no good reason and try to be casually funny about it. Now I'm tired of laughing at my misery, but can't take myself serious either. No real emergency, just thought I might reach out to anyone who's up to encourage.

Hey, hello everyone! 
For the sake of simplicity, y'all can call me immature. Or Rome, that works too.
I've been lurking this subreddit for a while now, without even having a reddit account, so as a result, this is my first ever reddit post. And what a wonderful place to start! So much support, hope &amp; acceptance in this community! 
Just fucking kidding, this is where I go to have my suicidal fantasies confirmed. r/SuicideMeme just isn't doing it for me anymore, so here I am. The next level. Stopping to pretend like I'm thinking all of this ironically and admitting that I might actually wan't to clock out early. The real good stuff.
Now, as you may have been able to tell by the fact that I manage to talk a lot, yet convey pretty much nothing at all, the way to get through to me is covered by multiple layers of comedic exploitation of my own crippling insecurity, soul sapping references, puns and (father forgive me for I have sinned), dare I say, memes.
Seeing as though I'm 20 y/o, this sort of black-humoring myself has been accumulating within my psyche &amp; self-image for approximately 4 to 6 years, like plaque, clogging a chain-smoking diabetic's arteries. By now this layer should be about as thick as the earth's crust, I wouldn't know though, since I'm not one to go "once more into the fray".
And here we are, quoting Shakespeare again. See, this is exactly what I'm talking about. This isn't funny. This isn't fun.
This is forced and cringy and edgy and [insert negative adjective here], etc. Worst of all, I know how bad that makes me look. I've known since the beginning.
Somewhere down the line, probably when I realized that deep down I'm a sad strange little man, someone told me to laugh it off. So I did. AND THEN I NEVER STOPPED. And damn, was I good at it. So good in fact, that I built my whole personality around it. Then that personality started attracting all kinds of people. Suddenly this cynical and disrespectful persona had more friends than the sad strange little man. IRL! So you do what all 16 y/o males gaining status through questionable means do: Try to get laid.
Turns out you need to be somewhat attractive for casual hookups. Turns out you need to be somewhat like-able for non- casual hookups. So you eventually pry open Pandora's box and see how the strange sad little man is with the ladies. And gosh, what a nice guy he is! Kind, forthcoming, understanding, sooo respectful and most importantly, empathetic! So naturally, he becomes the designated shoulder to cry on.

Be funny and casual -&gt; Be attentive, deep and open -&gt; Establish trust -&gt; Develop feelings -&gt; Get "friend-zoned" -&gt; Change Target -&gt; Repeat

This goes on for some years and...Yada yada yada.
'Couple half-assed suicide attempts, 3 years of professional dead-end therapy and a metric fuckton of mj later, here we are.

Reading what I've written up to this point, you, the reader, should have a pretty good idea of what kind of a pathetic, bitter, beta-male virgin ( Shout-out to my lads over at r/virgin, y'all are the saddest bunch of self-loathing crybabies I've ever seen. Thanks for making me feel right at home.) I am.
I don't like my humor, but these days, that's all I have. That's all I am. Just one big, overused joke, you've heard a million times before, that has been going on for far too long.
Time to deliver the punchline.

Why should I keep going with this farce?
Would you keep going, if you were me?
Do you really think I haven't tried to change yet?
Will I ever stop wasting everyone's precious time and effort and finally grow the balls to take my worthless life?
Find out next time, on "r/SuicideWatch: The self-pity party continues"!

...ᴺᵒ, ʳᵉᵃˡˡʸ ᵗʰᵒᵘᵍʰ. ᴾˡᵉᵃˢᵉ ʰᵉˡᵖ ᵐᵉ.