I’ve scared away everyone who has ever tried to get close to me. I hate the person I am but I can’t change.Is it okay to sit here and bitch about the petty reasons that make me want to throw myself on the tracks as soon as possible? Is this the right place for that? 

I’m 22 and the past 7 years of my life have been a drunken stupor. I get fucked up to forget my shitty behavior, sparking the cycle of regrettable decisions all over again. And again. And again. And again. Year after year, my youth fades right in front of me in a blur or hangovers, cancelled appointments, “sick days”, panic attacks. 

I watch the people I used to know make something of their lives. It feels like a knife in my gut. Not because I’m not happy for them, but because I feel like I’m observing what-could-be from inside of an empty snow-globe. If I wasn’t trapped in here by myself I could be out there, being a real person in the real world. 

After all of the mistakes I’ve made, the drama I’ve stirred up, I realize I’m the curse. It’s nobody else’s fault for abandoning me. I’m bad for their mental health, for their positive energy. I’m the broken mechanism causing my life to seem like nothing but suffering and embarrassment. And I can’t really change no matter how hard I try to just be normal and fit in. Everyone knows me as that crazy bitch who always brings up my dead parents and getting raped as a kid when she has too much to drink. 

So with that reputation and just my general off-putting psychotic personality, the most recent exercise in humiliation was getting drunk over the weekend with the only friend I have at the moment. He has been ignoring me ever since then. Probably woke up and realized wow, last night could have been fun and much better spent if I didn’t take pity on that annoying slut. 

I didn’t do anything violent or weird but as always, I ended up getting messy as fuck, running my mouth way too much, and just making a total ass of myself. I always do. Even when I make my best effort not to... it’s just what inevitably happens. 

Even if I didn’t drink, my sober behavior is just as twisted and embarrassing. People don’t want to stick around to watch me be a living shit-show and I understand, I wouldn’t want anything to do with me, either. I’m painfully aware of how much I must suck to be with. 

I feel so sick and sad and stupid that I always do this. I’ve tried, really made an effort to make friends, and literally nobody is interested in me because I’m such a bummer. I know it’s not appropriate and I know it’s dumb but I can’t control myself, I always joke about traumatic shit and run off at the mouth way too soon when meeting people. I have no censor on my words ever. It’s like watching a train wreck because I just can’t stop saying and doing horrible shit.

Honestly, I can’t keep even one friend or acquaintance in my life for more than a couple of months before shit hits the fan. They all wake up to realize I’m a no-good, soul-sucking manic that just makes them cringe and feel concerned for me, hogging all of the attention without really wanting to. 

This is just the only way I know how to be and I’d rather quit than deal with any more shame and loneliness. 
