I talked my father down tonightI don't know how to talk about this, so I'm going to tell the full story. He's sleeping in the room next to mine. Important bit is bolded.

Tonight, my mother and father got into an argument about cars. We've had money troubles for a very long time now, and she, my brother, and I have been trying to find better jobs. Problem is that most of the jobs we've found are either just as shitty and exploitative as our current ones, or they would require us to get a car to actually be able to perform our duties, and we can't afford a car in our current financial state. We'd end up not being able to pay for rent or food or medical bills if we added a car note to the mix. Mom's the one who usually spearheads the attempts to buy a car, while Dad talks her down from it using the reasons I just stated.

Mom spent 2 hours riding the bus trying to get to a job interview, only to find out that, yet again, we'd need a car for her to be able to do the job. She then spent another 6 hours on the bus to get to doctor's appointments and physical therapy. When she got home, we started talking about her day. I got involved, and was very negative about the job interview because it did not promise steady work. She was upset by this, but the conversation subsided. An hour later, I felt bad about being so negative, and apologized to her. This set off a tirade about how everything would be better if we had a car, and she blamed Dad for sabotaging her attempts to get one. They yelled back and forth about this for a while, and then he stomped back to their room and slammed the door.

I went back to speak with him a few minutes later. I asked if I could come in, and he said yes, after a pause. His back was to me. I apologized for setting her off with my apology. He said he didn't blame me, and kept his back to me. I walked around to look him in the eye, and **saw that he was cradling his gun. He said that he was tired of our financial situation. That he was tired of Mom blaming him. That he could end this pain, and the pain he has in his arm, and the pain in his right knee which needs to be surgically replaced, and the pain in his left knee which has already been replaced. That we could just cremate him and throw him in the river like we did with his mother when Alzheimer's took her. I begged him to put the gun down. He clicked off the safety. I told him that it was a permanent solution to temporary problems, even though they've been here for so long. Told him that we loved him. He said that Mom wouldn't care. I countered by telling him that my brother and I do care, and that she does too, even if she's belligerent most of the time. I told him that I'd considered suicide a few times in the past, too, and never let myself go any further. That it wasn't worth the pain it would cause everyone I'd leave behind. I put my hand on the barrel to stop him from pointing at himself. He told me to let go. I made him promise me that he wouldn't do it. Promise me that I would still have a father in the morning. I let go. He put the safety on, and said that he needs to clean the gun now. I continued to tell him that we care about him and love him. He put the gun away, and laid down to go to sleep. I asked him to look me in the eye and promise me he wouldn't go through with it, and that he would never do this again. It took him a few minutes, but he finally did. I asked him if I needed to hide the gun. He said no, and I told him that I trust him. He's sleeping with one of our dogs at his feet now.** 

What do I do next? Should I hide the gun while he sleeps? I'm terrified that doing so would make things worse, show him that I don't trust him, but I'm equally terrified that he'll do it while I'm sleeping. I'll try to stay up tonight, to watch him, but I need help. What do I do?

UPDATE: He made it through the night, and went to work. I'll speak to him when he gets home. I'll tell him that he can come speak to me about anything, at any time. I'll also speak to my Mom and brother to get them to help support him as well. In case none of us are around when he's getting down, I'll give him the suicide hotline's number.

Finally, money is the root of all of this. The stress has gotten to all of us, and it's affecting him even more because he feels he's failed at being the provider he believes he should be. I'll bring this up to him as well, and explain that the only reason I'm not homeless right now is because he's provided for me for the last 23 years. I'll remind him that he could be getting a transfer back to his old school, so he won't have to spend $50 a month and 14 hours a week on buses. He'll have an 11 month position instead of a 10 moth position again. It'll help with the money problems a little. 

Still, this is a problem that needs to be solved. If anyone reading this can give any job hunting advice, I'd greatly appreciate it.

Thank you all for your kind words.