It would be so much better do just... end all of this. I think.I don't even know where to begin. When you've spend almost all of your life in self-isolation (because of stubbornness and shyness and fear that you are not good enough, not perfect enough to reach my own impossible standards...) - well, when you've done that, you are really something else, right?  


See, when I was a kid, I decided that no one will want to be around me. Don't ask me why, I just woke up with that thought one day - I was too young to question the thought, so I basically forced my parents to leave me home instead of going outside to play with other kids.   


And that's how my downfall began.  


When I reached a certain age I realized that I cannot be as perfect as I wanted - because, let's face it, no one is perfect. But that's how the depression came in my life. If I wasn't good enough, if I wasn't this brilliant writer or whatever, then I was nothing. Because with the years, my broken mind decided that I just cannot go and meet strangers and be like: "Hi, I'm this guy, happy to meet you!" because I was... *me*... therefore people will run away, screaming when they see me (yeah... my mind is fuckin' idiotic). I've always felt like something too awkward, something too clumsy to fit anywhere. Like an alien that crash-landed on Earth and have enormous trouble blending with the locals.  


And my self-isolation continued through the years - school, work, whatever... I just did what I had to (and sometimes refused to, 'cause... stubbornness), stayed away from the people around me until I was home - there were my books, my movies, my interned... I learned to live through someone else's eyes, losing myself completely in the process.  


Yeah, I have a few friends here and there (online, not irl, although I've met with few of them through the years), but nothing much - we don't even talk that often. I started to try and break the walls I build, to help people who are going through shit, because I've been in all kinds of hell - I'm, always ready to lend a hand to anyone that reaches to me. But if you want to piss me off, just try and suggest to me that I need to take care of myself. I don't fuckin' deserve that. I've always seen it as something selfish and dumb for my, because I've never seen myself as someone worth of good things. Because I always try... and I always fail (or am afraid that I'll fail and don't do anything). And I *refuse* to help myself. I've always did. Because I fuckin' hate the... *thing*... I am. I despise what I had become. For fuck's sake, I don't even look at my reflections (except when I have to shave my ugly mug) in the mirror because I just wanna shove a fist in them, enjoying how the glass shatters and makes my face disappears.   


I'm 31. Living under constant stress for almost 20 of these years (most of it - self-inducted). As pathetic as they get.  


Alone as a pile of shit, lying on the very top of Everest. Despising my little pathetic country and all the dumb fucks in it. But loathing even more one thing in particular - myself. I love helping people when I can. I really do. But I won't lift a finger for myself if I don't have a particular outside reason for doing so - a goal for example. Only... I don't see the point of this anymore. Yeah, I could change (or try to). I can travel here and there when this fuckin' pandemic is over. I can see things. I can be whoever I want to. I can even meet the person I wanna be with outside of my shitty country in the process (although it's pretty impossible to meet exactly the one I'm thinking in this moment). But... what would be the point?  


Yeah - *"You'll see and experience these awesome things, you'll live your life!" -* and that's part of the problem. *I* will experience these things by myself and for myself. And exactly because of that, my mind argues, these things will be invalid. Because they will be for me! And I am... *me*. This thing over here, that's barely even human. The definition of a cave troll. Just a dumb, virgin (not that it matters) fuck that fails at everything because of fear and hastiness and other things that hold him back. And I don't want to do anything that doesn't have a concrete end goal. Besides... part of me *hate* the thought that IF I do stuff and find a beautiful future, it probably won't be the future I dream of sometimes. That's the scariest thing about future - it's uncertain and we don't know how the things will turn. For a person like me, who is obsessed with the thought of being prepared for everything (in order to not let my real reactions and feelings to slip out when I am caught off-guard), this is a stuff of nightmares. The things that are beyond my control terrify me.   


Y'all know where all of this leads. I'm not afraid of death. I don't know what will happen when we die. Probably nothing. Just eternal darkness. I... I'm kinda okay with that. I've already made peace with the thought that I'll go without leaving anything significant behind. Just shelves with books, files, full with unfinished writings and dreams that can never be achieved because of my fear to even try and do something about it.  


I won't do... *the thing*... now tho. It'll happen, eventually. Maybe not next week or next month even. But I've already lost the point of doing anything, I don't see the reasons to try and keep going so... oh, it'll happen. Living like this for more that 20 years... it's not a living. Besides, honestly - it won't be much of a loss to humanity. One dumb fuck less. Yay!  


I... I don't know why I am even writing all of this. I guess I needed these things to be said here, where no one really knows me. I dunno, man. Whatever. Many, many things and details had been left behind and all of the above might seems scattered and with no connection between the stuff, but I don't wanna make this more enormous than it already is. Plus, English is NOT my native language, so... sorry about any mistakes here and there.  


Besides, y'all already got the point - a pathetic fuck that have no idea how to live in the real life (because he'd spend almost all of his own life living "by proxies"), explains his dumb life story and why he wants to end it all. Yeah, I really am beyond saving, aren't I? I dunno about you, but I sure as hell feel that way lately more than ever before, and - believe me - I've seen the Void up close so many times before. This time... whenever it happens... well, I'm afraid that this time I won't be able to look away.