.
So it’s a lot but thank you for reading.
I moved from Florida to New York City to Massachusetts 
I moved in with my boyfriend and we got married. I’m very far away from my family and my parents aren’t that pleasant at times and can be kind of hard on me. I miss my animals at my grandmas house and I miss my grandma so much. I’m pregnant and the prenatal appointment went to shit and the doctor over complicated everything and now I have to wait till Tuesday to see if I’m still pregnant. The frustration with the doctor and how everything went I was venting to my husband and he kinda snapped at me that everything was okay and I’m being a worry wort but the gyno said there’s no heartbeat at 10 weeks even though she used a baby Doppler. So she didn’t communicate she didn’t answer my questions and I was pretty upset. I start looking at all the options off stuff to get this thing out of me and I was absolutely scared. My husband got off of work and we started to fight because I kept telling him everything’s difficult I can’t wait three more weeks to schedule another appointment if there’s something dead inside me. He started to snap saying all I do is make excuses and all that but these are serious logical obstacles as I’m under my husbands last name and insurance but couldn’t update my ID so the offices keep giving me shit saying it’s fraud and what I’m doing is illegal and it’s not I just can transfer licenses. After my husband telling me I’m not trying hard enough and that I have a list of excuses like his sister I ran off and I started crying. I just left the house turned my phone off and cried. I came back and 5 minutes after my husband comes in screaming calling me a stupid fuck, dumb bitch, ungrateful bitch, all these names and I’m just sitting at the bottom of the shower. He then snatches my phone and starts cursing me out and said I hope you cry dumb bitch so I just broke down and started sobbing. He’s trying to be nice to me today and been asking for a kiss I’m just extremely depressed again and I just don’t wanna be here. I took the rope out of his car and I want to tie a noose and just end it all. I have no one to talk to about my suicidal thoughts but life is so hard and nothings working out for me. Living literally hurts and it’s not getting better. I miss my animals so so so much and I’m just so sad. He said if I cut myself he’s bringing me to crisis but I wanted to go to the hospital to get my pregnancy confirmed again and he told me I’m being dramatic :(