I've always been told it will get betterAt 12 I was told things would get better, my friends would be my friends forever, my grades would improve and people would like me.

At 15 I was told things would get better when all of my best friends left me for their boyfriends and spilled all my secrets to the world.

At 17 I was told the things I did in high school wouldn't matter and that college would be this amazing experience.

At 20 I was told things would get better after I finished my years at community college and transferred to a university. I was severely beaten down and discouraged at changing majors and having an emotionally abusive boyfriend.

At 21, I was told things would get better once I could move back home across the country with my parents after my ex who I was with for 4 years cheated on me and abused me in our first apartment.

I'll be 22 in a few days and I'm pretty sure it never actually gets better. I lay awake thinking about the aspirations I have for my life, then the whispers of the people I have confided in come loud and clear. "Why do you want to teach? That's a dumb career, you won't earn anything" and "Korea? Why would you ever want to go there, everyone looks the same!" and "You only want to teach there because you want to marry one of those girly boys." I doubt I'll ever get there though because my grades have been dropping like a stone. I work harder then ever, studying 16 hours a week and yet I can't get a B on a biology exam. I have a presentation wednesday and 2 exams thursday and I'm pretty sure I'll fail all three.

Bottom line is, it never gets better. I don't see a point to trying so hard anymore. There's no point in trying at all.

Maybe this is better suited for another subreddit, but I honestly don't want to live anymore. I don't want people to keep telling me 'it will get better' because it's been nearly a decade and things have not gotten better. They have gotten steadily worse. I'm so terrified to post this because if someone I know finds it, life truly will get worse. I'll be forced into some sort of program and all my dreams will end. I don't even know if I'll post this. It might be nice to just get it out there in the world, but with my luck my friend or professor would see it.