I dont know what to do anymoreRecently my life has gone in a downward spiral. Ive lost old friends. My school sucks and my family makes my life more and more difficult day by day. I feel there is no one left to help me so ive come to reddit for help. I want to commit suicide and have considered it multiple times but i dont have the guts to hurt myself. I wanted to contact a suicide hotline of some sort but the country i live in lacks one. I feel like im worthless and i'll never be successful when i grow up. I keep getting grades that are not up to my parents' standards. I try as hard as i can but every time its not enough for them. No matter how hard i try i still get the same grades. I tried going to a therapist but it was pointless. He couldn't help me and didnt understand my case. My family tries to overwork the shit out of me. I have anxiety problems which my family fail to help me with. They think "its just a phase". My mother blames my grades on me being lazy and selfish when really i try my hardest and do the best i can but still dont get the results she wants. I had to be shifted from a whole different city altogether due to the fact that my teachers were bullying me to the point i could take it anymore and the principal wouldn't do anything about it. Now i want to go back because i left all my friends and loved ones behind. My parents are divorced so i dont get to see my father's family as much as i used to. Ive begged my mom numerous times to go back but she wont let me. She says i have to get admission in a school first. I asked her to get the forms and shit but she says "with these grades no one is gonna take you". Now she expects me to spend all my free time doing "self study" and she expects me to do at least 4-5 hours a DAY. Im recieving no support whatsoever from my family despite them claiming they are. Now ive reached the end of the line. I dont know what to do. I want to die but am to afraid of hurting myself and don't want my best friend to go through the pain of losing his best friend. But at the same time i want all this pain to end. I want to be at peace and dont want to deal with my family and others anymore. Ive lost all hope of things getting better. I have so much pressure on my shoulders. I dont want to be with my family anymore. I dont want to go through all this pain and i dont want to live anymore. 