Today was my 23rd birthdayYesterday was my 23rd birthday, and it triggered me very hard. 

I’ve never been one of those people really excited to celebrate their special day. I wish I was. 
I wish I had the energy to buy an outfit, get dolled up and feel attractive.
I wish I could look at myself in a mirror.
I wish I was surrounded by a big group of loving friends and family doing whatever normal birthday people do. 

Now this is the part (if not this whole post) that will sound silly. I wished for a birthday cake upon request, it’s the only thing I ever ask for really. I know I could easily bake or buy one. I guess I just wanted to feel thought of in the slightest. I don’t ask for gifts or money or anything else. Although I do appreciate a sweetly written card, I just wanted to blow out the candles on a birthday cake. 

I am easily crushed when it comes to broken promises but to be so upset over once again not receiving a cake makes me laugh and cry hysterically at the same time. Dramatic, I know.

I woke up, ate breakfast, went grocery shopping, watched tv and went to bed like just a normal day. Alone.

I live 900 miles away from my family and few friends. They say we’ll celebrate next year, but the thought of feeling this way for another 365 days seems too exhausting.

I don’t have a significant other because I already feel as if I am a huge burden to the entire world, I can’t fathom putting all my issues on one person.

My Father didn’t reach out to wish me a happy birthday. Half of what brought me into this world didn’t even acknowledge his first born in the slightest.

When I called everyone that I consider close to vent  they were all busy and had to hang up. All I needed was to cry or laugh or even just sit in silence for five minutes.

I have no one to talk to about how horribly dark I’m feeling inside. 

I am feeling tired, lonely, unwanted, and hopeless. 

Maybe it’s loneliness driving me, I guess I’m just writing this anonymously hoping that someone  at least one person reads how I’m feeling inside since no one on this big ass earth does.