I have decided to do itI’ve decided to take my life. It’s not today, or this week, but a few months from now. I have almost finished my goodbye letters, and I’m meeting the people I care about for the last times this fall and winter. They don’t know that this is the last time we’ll see eachother. 

I have actually told a few people that I’m mentally in a bad place, and that I would need support. Most said among the lines of ”Okay please tell me if there’s anything I can do!”. But it’s empty words, cause even after I told them what I need they wont do that. I dont think I’ve asked for to much, like unrealistic stuff. All I’ve wanted have been someone to meet. Not for days or hours, just for a coffee when I’m really down. 

So I’m lonley. I just dont have any friends, and I’m not anyones first choice. In all my friendships I’ve realized that the friendship is so much more important for me than for the other person. I’m never invited anywhere, unless it’s a big enough event that not inviting would be rude/bullying. But if it is something smaller, like a birthday dinner, I’m not a priority. No matter if I invited them to my own. 

I’ve tried connecting with old friends, and new people I’ve meet at work and had some sort of friendship with. With workfriends I’ve realized that I’m only good for talking to at work where their real friends aren’t. I still try to reach out to people. Sadly the answer is always ”maybe next week” or ”Yes! We should definitely meet up!” and either cancel or being to busy. My former best friends have moved on with their lives, and one even admitted that I just dont fit in with their current life. I dont have a partner, and every relationship I’ve persued have been rejected pretty soon. 

So I’m not going to be missed, I wont be a missing piece anywhere, because no one counts me in the first place. The only people right now that would be affected are my mother, grandma, and one sister. But I know that my current existence is a burden for them as well, with them always worried. When I’m gone it will be a definite for them. Yes, it will be a sadness, but they’ll be able to relax in that. For others it will be maybe a sad period, that someone they knew died, but it won’t have any bigger impact on their lives. 

I have a date, and a method that wont hurt anyone else (so not like a train or building), I’m still deciding between two places, but both of them would be okay. I’m saying my goodbyes, have my will and funeral planned and done.

I just needed to get this of my chest, I feel like I cant talk to anyone. I just feel so relieved to tell someone everything, even if it’s a stranger on Reddit.