I’m alone in every possible way and I just wish someone could be there for me.I have not been diagnosed with anything. The way I am is just normal for my age (I’m 13) but everything just sucks. 

I have a few friends from elementary but now in middle school, I talk to them less and less and keep finding myself distancing from them. We rarely have anything in common and I have to fake react everything. Even if I did have great friends at school, just the thought of being with them outside of school is scary and I hate that feeling. I want to be alone but I hate feeling alone. I just go along with everything to make it quick. 

Everyday I wake up in bed and can barely force myself out of bed. I can’t bring myself to worry about showering,brushing my teeth, going to the bathroom or doing important homework unless it al gets really bad. I want to be in my small, crappy room, listening to music where it is my only outlet.

School work has been driving me crazy and I can’t even complete anything because I’m so stupid. I get distracted and can’t focus clearly during class. When I even miss any part of the lesson, whether it’s my fault or not I start to panic because I worry about my grades. Missing class is my biggest fear and if I do I get mad at myself and injure myself without even realizing it. I hit, cut, scratch and stab my self with anything that’s near me. Luckily nothing has ever left a scar except this one time out of rage. I worry about my grades so much and can’t even accept B’s yet I give up during the work. I can’t keep up with it all because they hand out so many big projects and although we have enough time I always wait until last minute. I don’t ask for help from anyone because I don’t want them to think lower of me or seen as a failure but I can’t count on anyone else to help. It always has to be my way. Why?

There’s more reasons but I’m just tired at this point. I’ve been having these suicidal thoughts around two years ago yet haven’t started injuring since earlier this month because of a pack of blades I found in my molds drawer (thanks mom). I can’t wait until I’m older and just drive away and let go of myself completely. I first hesitated because I didn’t want to hurt my lol form my sisters passing but at this point, I’m desperate. I tried to reach out to her because I may have had social anxiety but nothing is ever done. She forces me to go out now so I will face my fear and it will eventually fade with age but I’ve been this way forever. 

One day, hopefully, I’ll get my shit together. I’ll get a job as soon as possible and save up to get an affordable job. I’ll ride that baby up to Fred Hartman Bridge and just look at the view. And then I will let go. Nothing will hold me back.