Reject me, there is no help for meI called the suicide hotline again today, and this is the second time it rings then hangs up on me. I call very often, and a few times I just hang up as soon as someone answers. Those handful of times, just nice to hear someone available, but I know that the conversation is useless, so I hung up. I used to talk to them, but then realize, they won't help me either. They just want me to talk to a therapist, and therapists won't help me. Medicine won't help me. Nothing, most likely, can help me, but here I am trying anyway. Doctors, want to hurt me, and would probably be happier if I did die. My parents, sister, and fiancee, would be crushed if I killed myself. So I suffer through this for them. But the demon is turning outward. Where I used to only punish, cut, hit, burn myself, the desire to harm others is overwhelming. The financial stress I am under, and the fact I do not have four million dollars, makes it impossible to get the help I need. I'm assuming that the one doctor in the world who might care if I live or die, is so busy that I would need millions of dollars. If I had millions of dollars, I could buy my problems away. I would feel so accomplished, powerful, in control, if I could solve any of the countless issues surrounding me, suffocating me. All of it is money money money. Money &gt; Life. So now, Reddit. I figure that enough internet trolls will come on here and tell me to just kill myself, and that will just help me build my confidence in my weird coping mechanism that has been forced down my throat by careless and insensitive doctors, therapists, friends, employers, and family: I am alone in this world, and while many people can be helped, I am beyond help by divine decree of the universe. If I got help, that I clearly don't deserve, the world, might just end, right?! Everyone will reject me. I am alone. Help me accept my fate? And apologies, I tried not to violate any TOS, but I usually do, because I am generally too dark for this world. Just ban me now, every other "we will try and help you" website I can think of has on day one!