I'm Just So Done.I want to live. I have an amazing boyfriend who loves me more than anything else in this world. I have a huge house and everything a teenage girl could ever want. My mother and father are still together. I have so many goals for life. But each and every one of those things is a contribution to my severe anxiety and endless depression. My boyfriend is compassionate and brilliant and always late to his Period One class simply because he comes by mine first, just to say "Good morning, Perfect!" He knows about my depression and says he loves me no matter what. He says I'm perfect and should never, ever doubt myself. But I'm still in love with my ex, even though he hates me now. That's why I always feel so guilty. Then, you have my "mansion". My mom is a "shopaholic", so we're always running low on money. She doesn't want my dad to find out, so she stresses. This adds to her anger issues, which she takes out on me. No, she's never hit me, and she does love me, or so she says. But, she tells me that I'm useless and I make her want to kill herself. I don't want to sound like a drama queen, but it's verbal abuse and it makes me hate myself and the world around me. And I wish my parents would just divorce already. My dad makes my mom so angry and vice versa, and I always end up in the midst of it. In fact, my dad loves my screw-up brother, who didn't even come home for father's day because he "had made plans with friends" more than me. I can never accomplish my goals, so I feel stupid and lazy and I hate myself constantly. I tried to tell my mom what's going on. Oh God, how I've tried. I've told her at least six times in the last year, but she doesn't care. She says that somebody like me, so young, with money and a family, should never feel this way. She says that *she's* depressed, not me. What is this, a he-said-she-said battle?! Are you trying to top me or something?! I don't think I can do this anymore. There are so many other things that kill me inside. Daggers that seek out my soul eternally. My deadlines get shorter and shorter. I had said about a year ago, that I would NEVER kill myself, because it would hurt those around me. Then, a few months back, I said that I would wait until I was at least twenty because by then, I would have gotten help and I would know if I had the potential to get better. But then, last summer, it got worse and I decided I had to finish writing at least one book first. My legacy, of sorts. But no. I can't wait that long. There's a school dance in about a week. I'm going with my boyfriend and I decided that I would wait until then. If even that experience couldn't grant me a momentary smile, I'll kill myself the following weekend. Why am I posting this? I don't know. I guess I'm just so lonely and just so tired. Tired of being alone. Tired of being afraid. I'm so sorry. But I'm just so done.