This might be my last postLet me preface this by saying that no one thing caused me to do this, it was more of a collection of things that have happened throughout my life. I am done with all of the throwaway account bullshit, so I am posting it on my main because I doubt I'll be posting again. Main, alts, throwaways, whatever else there can be. Thank you for reading all of this (if someone out there even cares enough to do so). It's not that I feel like no on in my life cares about me, I know people do, It's just that I am at a point where I don't seem to be able to care anymore. How many times can I use "people care about me" as an excuse? The people who care about me care about how I affect their lives, not me as a person. They need to learn that expecting me to live in constant pain for them is selfish.

I've always felt like I am pathetic for having depression. There are people out there who have been through wars and hell, have their families killed in front of them, and I still sit here as a middle-class white (male?) wanting to die. Put anyone else in my shoes and they'd be beyond happy. Not to brag -- especially not on a suicide subreddit -- but I live a moderately luxurious life. My parents are willing to pay for almost anything I want, I live in a gated community, and I go to a good school. However, I have to spend my life looking into the bottom of a pill calendar just to be able to go through a day without wanting to kill myself. Pretty silly, right?

I am, however, my own worst enemy. my self-destructive ways seem to have no boundaries. From what (for lack of a better word, as this word has been beaten to death, revived, and then beaten to death again) "triggered" this "episode" --as one of my "friends"-- , to what made me want to slit my wrists at the age of 8, I have been self-destructive the entire way.

So as any story it is only fit to start from the beginning. August 1st, 2000 (pretty young). I was born into a lower-middle-class family, and that was about the end of the good part of my life. I've never really been quite too bright, this mainly became evident when I was in pre-school and was a kleptomaniac (I guess it runs in the family as I know my dad shoplifts) stealing anything from hot wheels to transformers toys, I did so without care for the victim's emotions. Of course I was a toddler and didn't know right from wrong, and I could use this as a valid excuse if it didn't continue until I was in the third grade. I "was" also -- and always have been (much to my shame) -- a serial liar. I absolutely hate being this way but I can't seem to stop, and although it is often little white lies, but it becomes more than that more often than I'd like. And I got myself in trouble a lot for that (I eventually learned my lesson -- lie better). The major thing from this part of my life was that I started to wish that I was female, but it never really phased me until later (foreshadowing!). Sounds like a pretty average early childhood, but like I said, I am as average as people come. 

My main gripe with myself comes from how easily I push people away, and how tough it is for me to be socially involved. I trip over my words and I have trouble relating to other people.  My life is lonely, I have a few people I talk to every couple of days. However, I can never seem to escape this purgatory of indifference and apathy that I am trapped in, living my life out of the bottom of a pill calendar as a vain attempt to escape this sadness pulling down on me, drowning me. My depression makes it feel like I have had a wet blanket thrown over me and can't escape from underneath, and even when I do escape I will have this monstrosity looming over me that I must attempt to fight.

Now for the bombshell. I believe I have made it quite obvious earlier, sorry if I didn't warn you my post history contains spoilers :v( I am transgender. Not the "I'm so happy to be this way! trans pride!" variation. The variation where I wish I was anything but transgender, the kind where my dysphoria makes me want to kill myself, and it never eases up. This wouldn't be a problem if the majority of my family wasn't against it. Part of coming out was having to accept that there are members of my family that I will never talk to again. I still haven't come to accept myself for who I am, I feel disgusting being this way, I wish there was some way to convince myself I am not this way, but I doubt there ever will be. Even if there was, it would just be telling lies to myself.

My question is what is the point of continuing to live if I will never have the motivation to contribute to society? I will sit here being a burden on all of my friends, all of my family, and on myself. There is no point for me to continue. I will just continue to waste my life in low-level starcraft tournaments and various other video games.

There's no sense on waiting for the good times if any good will eventually be pulled from my grasp.

Thank you for reading this, and for any help you can provide.

goodbye? 