I think it might be timeFor years now I've been waiting for the right time to kill myself. I know that there really never can be a "good" time to kill oneself, but I think I've just about exhausted every bit of motivation and energy I had for staying alive.

I've been watching my life fall down every path I never wanted it to, because I'm too afraid and incompetent to find a way to change it. Everything I ever loved to do or cherished as a part of me has essentially died. I don't create anymore, it's too much stress and too much disappointment. It's been a full year or more since I've written a song or a story, or tried to draw at all. All I do now is go to work, come home and play some stupid video game, then go to sleep. I'm only falling deeper into this rut and I just don't want to see how far down I'll be in 5 or 10 years.

I've been in love with someone for the last 3 years, and she loves me back. Unfortunately, thanks to a wide plethora of non negotiable reasons we can never be together. I never fell in love with anyone until I met her; I found the idea of romance almost "icky" in a way. I still feel that way except where it concerns her. 

My point is, I don't think I'll ever love anyone like I love her. She's the only person on this earth for me, and I'm terribly hurt that we can never be together. This has been true for as long as I've known her, but it's only been until lately that the full reality of this set in on my mind. 

This past week I've been having these intense moods hit me. During them I think about how easy it would be to go grab a gun and just hold it to my head. Thinking of and typing it out now sends electric through my veins. It feels terrifying; it feels exciting. I'm overcome with an intense urge to simply grab the gun and finally, at long last put all of this pain to rest.

I'm not worried about what will happen to me after death. I will either go someplace else, which I can deal with then, or I will fade away into total oblivion. Either way I escape this awful place. These moods have only lasted a few minutes at a time, but it takes everything I have not to give in. 

I love my family and my friends, and I'm not going to pretend that my death would benefit them, in the short or long term. It would rattle the foundation of my family. I honestly don't know if my mother would make it through something like that. This has been my one of two reasons to keep living despite abhoring life as I do, the other reason being the girl I mentioned above. 

I swear I would absolutely keep going for this reason alone, at least until my parents died of natural causes. I really would. But I feel like I'm losing control of myself. I'm afraid one day a mood is going to hit me and I'm just going to be too tired or unwilling to fight it. The moral side of me does not want that, but it's getting harder and harder to keep going based on moral obligations alone.

It would be absolutely selfish. I'm not going to deny that. I won't pretend I'll die a martyr or a victim. Ending my life would be nothing more than an escape from everything I'm too weak to deal with. I am not proud of it, but then again, I'm not proud of anything else I've done either. I just want it to end.