I just wanted people to talk to and now i feel even worse than before i even tried.ive gotten to the point where i want to rant. and just try and get something out of this. i feel at my lowest that ive been in a few years. I lost my job in retail about a year ago because i couldnt face going into my store anymore. just over a year and a half ago i lost my home because my landlord sold up. the new owners wanted us out as soon as possible but were willing to help with cost etc. but i was already in quite a low sate at this point because my job was becoming more and more stressful. I worked as a stock controller in a very busy small store for a well know company where i am. I had moved to this store a year before that because my manager want to take me with her. tbh i wasnt ever overly happy with moving but i agreed because i struggle to say no to people. this new store wasnt alot busier than my old one but the morale was very low. The old manger of the store wasnt seen as the best in terms of people management. i didnt know this at the time but he was signed off sick. overall for most of the first year it was ok. I was paying my rent, getting what i needed to to do you know. i had housemates and my best friend. i wouldnt say i was happy because i havent felt truly happy for a long time. but i was getting on with life. it was around march of the new year 2015 that the old manager was brought back to the store. so i had lost the manager i had been working with to try and improve not just the stock loss and things like that but store morale as a whole. I felt we had done a good job. i mean i wasnt that involed with store morale but the store felt together. As soon as this old manager came back i could feel the drop. people became less willing to work hard and i felt like i was trying to hard myself. and it was this time i was losing my place and having to move back to my dads till i found something else. the lose of my sort of freedom sucked. and life became more and more stressful for me. I had to move out and around 3 weeks after the manger was back. i got a call from the manager. I was ask to be in charge of some shifts. I had been a shift runner before but i found the stress to much and gave it up. I told this to him. but he kept on and on at me. it felt like ages. i was constantly saying no. because i really didnt want to do it. but it went on for so long that that i eventually agreed. as i said i struggle to say no. the next morning i went in to work feeling like shit. and he was running the store. I felt like just leaving there and then. but i got on. i was moody i will admit. but whilst bringing in  a delivery i snapped. he was asking why i was being so moody. and i snapped and said excally what i said. it took this for him to realise just how much i hate being in charge but i was so angry that i left work. i didnt go back in for 2 days. i didnt call the store or anything and i know that was wrong. But i tried to go in the day after. i knew that i was i trouble and was crying whilst driving in. i sat in my car and tried to build up the will to go in. i got out and sat on a wall outside and had a smoke. whilst i was there a lady who had just been in the store past by me and ask if i was ready for a busy day. i completely broken down. i told her that i thought i was getting fired today. lucky she was a very kind person and went to get the person in charge at the time. she also took me to the doc i had visited when i was younger for depression. To try and make this stupidly long post a least a bit shorter i will keep the doc and stuff short because we all know how it goes. so its around july/august in 2015. im seeing the doc. taking meds. im doing cbt sessions. and im sign off work. this lasted around 4 months. i had done the cbt sessions. and was still taking meds and see the doc. but i still felt low. I ask if i could get some proper therapy session and the doc refered me to the local place that would deal with these things. i had to go and have a talk there. i went and talked and then was told that i had been offered this service when i was younger. I didnt even remember being offered anything like this. i assume it was when i was around 21 and i did attempt to take my life. im 27 as off writing this. so they say they will get back to me. i received a letter a few day before Christmas saying that they wouldnt be helping me. i was just so low over christmas and stopped taking my meds and didnt visit the doctor. but i had to go back to work. and i really did try. but i couldnt do it. most of the time i was there i was thinking it would be so easy to jump infront of a train at the nearby bridge. and i gave up. i just didnt go anymore. that was feb 2016. I had lost all contact with my ex housemates and my best friend during this time. for half a year i just did nothing. just sat in my room at my dads just going out if my dad said there was dinner. i would say up at night and sleep in the day (i still do this now) sneeking snacks and binging. my dad loves a drink and because i think he feels bad about that he will buy junk food and stuff for me. sadly hes a bit of an enabler for my obeseness. But its always been that way since i was maybe 11/12. but i know i should have more self control and take responsibility for myself. around 6 months ago i made a reddit account. (not this one. i made this one to post on these type of places a few days ago but never did) i honestly just wanted to talk to someone. but it took me maybe 4 month to actually reply to someone about acually being maybe friends. ive been trying for the past week or so to really put myself out there. and not giving to much care about what people think. unfortunately as you can tell form this post i talk alot. I also get attached to easily. especially if people actually dont mind me. and i can see why people dont enjoy being my friend. and after a few days of talk people normally get tired of me. and i get told i talk to much or i ask to many questions. But ive really been so lonely for so long that i dont really no how to talk to people well. Even when i had friends they were just putting up with me because they left as soon as they could. I know compared to others my issues are just stupid. but im just feeling so low right now and i just wana try and get something and maybe posting this could help. Im not gona lie and say im not atb the point of taking my life because i feel i could right now. This has been hours of distraction for me. If someone actually reads this then thank you. i really dont know what to say. sorry for wasting your time with my shit life story. its now perfect time where i am and i want to just leave this place. everyone is asleep and i would be all to easy to get in my car and jump somewhere. I think my weight will help make it easier as long as i land head first. I honestly dont know how people with worse lives than me dont just do it. i guess im just the weakess of the weak. Sorry again for this stupid post. im sure people much more worthy of this space should be here.