I never had suicidal thoughts until 2020So due to the pandemic a lot of plans are ruined. This year was the year I will finally graduate engineering and get licensed and get a job and maybe enjoy life. But guess what, covid happens. I was still able to graduate but could not have a license because the exams are postponed so no job opportunities for me. There I was trying to figure out life until I applied for a scholarship for Graduate school and that's when everything goes wrong for me. I was accepted and I enrolled, at first I was enthusiastic but then the first online class came and I realize its hard. Its something that I think I'm not yet ready, I feel that I don't belong then lo and behold my mental health is ruined. I really did not know what I was getting into. I cry in front of the computer screen when there's a class, my hands will be shaking and cold. Because I have a contract, I can't get out of it unless I payback the money they gave me and this makes me feel so trapped because I'm not rich just in middle class. I'm giving up one of my classes because it's really hard for me, I have no idea what to do. Because of this situation I got in I started having suicidal thoughts. I still want to enjoy life with my family, boyfriend and friends but  having this scholarship makes me want to dieee. The people's expectations of me are high, I'm disappointed in myself too because this is my fault and I really thought I can do it but yeah, I guess not. When I lay down to go to sleep I would imagine getting into an accident or my brain just shuts down so I can escape the reality. I'm also not that brave to do the deed myself but I have thoughts. I don't know if you guys can understand my situation but I just want to let out what I feel because I have no one to talk to. Even my bf got tired of me always complaining the past months. My friends are very positive telling me " I can do it" when I really think I can't.

I really think I need help. I don't know. I really regretted this year. I wish this year is just a dream but its not. :(