A Constant Argument I Have With MyselfWarning. Wall of text. Just...I don't even fucking know. It's just how I've been feeling. You probably need backstory, but I really don't care to add that right now.

I know you’re not ready, and that makes me sad. I just want to be married because I love you and I want to be with you. I want to start our lives together, but you don’t seem to want to. Every time I bring up being with you, not necessarily marriage, you always come up with some reason why it’s not a good idea. You keep changing your mind. It’s either that or you’re lying to me when you tell me that it will happen. You don’t want to be with me. Why? I’m afraid that because we’ve been apart for so long, you don’t love me the way you use to. Sometimes I wonder if I should get pregnant so you would actually want to be with me, but then I know that’s a stupid idea because we both aren’t ready for a child and I would feel like shit if that’s the only reason you married me. I’m so scared that this relationship isn’t going to work. You make me feel like it won’t all the time because you tell me not to come to you or that you don’t want to marry me because our relationship isn’t great. I just want to be with you so bad and you don’t want to be with me. I think about leaving, but it makes me want to die. I want to be with you but you won’t let me. I think that I should leave and find someone who does want to be with me but I don’t want anyone else. I only want you. Why don’t you want me too? You’ll just say back that it will only cause more problems, but you don’t seem to even want to try living together. You don’t want me because I’m crazy. If I were someone else, you’d probably be with me. But you don’t want me. Why are you even with me? You just want us to be together without ever being together. Why? We will never be “ready” to be married if we never see each other. Is that why you don’t want to be with me? Because you don’t want us to get to that point? WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS. I just want us to be together and you want me to stay with my parents for more years. You want me stuck here and away from you. This life makes me want to die. I want to kill myself because I hate my life. Nothing good is happening to me. If you finally tell me that you don’t want to be with me anymore, I will kill myself. Is that why you distanced yourself and haven’t told me? You don’t want me to kill myself but you don’t want to be with me. It’s killing me. I’m still dying from what is happening. I’m so alone and no one gives a damn about me. My life isn’t worth anything. I have no idea what to do so that I won’t suffer, so I wait for you to tell me that it’s finally going to change. I need help to make my life better because I am so stupid, I don’t know how to be happy. I hold onto the hope that you will make me happy, but you just make me wait here doing nothing. I want to die. If I never met you, I’d already be dead. Don’t take that as some sort of compliment because it feels like you’re just making me suffer more. You don’t want to be with me because I’m the way I am. Why have we even been together this long? Are you trying to change me, but then you gave up and ran away? I hate you. Why are you doing this to me? I love you so much, why do you leave me like this? Why did you leave me alone like everyone else? Everyone hates me. Everyone wants me to go away, so they ignore me and let me die. I’m dying because I don’t want to be here anymore. I’m too scared to kill myself but I just want to die. Instead of making me suffer, just kill me. Just do it. I can’t see my life getting any better, it’s never been better. Don’t you dare say that stupid shitty “have hope, it’ll get better, you’re just getting all the shit out of the way.” I’m too old for it to just “get better.” Why do I think you marrying me will even make it better? I won’t be happy no matter what happens. You don’t want to be with me because you know it won’t get better. Why did you leave me? WHY ARE WE EVEN TOGETHER? We are never going to be better. You don’t want me. I hate you so much because you let it come to this. I pushed you away and you told me that you don’t want to lose me. You don’t want to lose me but you don’t want to be with me? I’M GOING FUCKING INSANE. I want to break up with you because you don’t even want to be with me but it makes me want to die. I don’t want to be alone, but I don’t want to be like this either. Why does it always go like this? Marry me or leave me. It’s always marry me or leave me. I keep saying it, so this must be the way I really feel. But it sounds so unreasonable. I fucking hate myself. I wish I was never born. I’ve made no impact on anybody’s lives and my own life is a miserable train wreck. I JUST WANT IT TO STOP, I WANT IT TO BE OVER. I’m only happy when I’m distracted from my life. What the fuck am I supposed to do about that? If you ever read this, you’re just going to get all pissy and call me a liar because “that’s not true, you a bullshit liar.” I hate you. Why do I have to love you when you do this to me? What the hell is supposed to make me live my life without wanting to kill myself? What am I supposed to do to fix this. Fix my mother fucking stupid life? I just want to die. What is the fucking point? Why do I have to live? Why? Why can’t I just be dead? I wish someone would just kill me. I hate this world. Why am I still in it. I seriously can’t think of a good reason to stay alive anymore. It’s inevitable. It always comes to this. Nothing gets better for me, it just goes in varied degrees of shithole. The only things that make me happy are insignificant things. Stupid shit. Fucking videogames and music. Not being alone. That one isn’t working out too well. I’m not supposed to hate you. Why are you making me hate you? This is so fucked up. I need you so bad.  I’m going insane. Nobody is going to help me, they’re just going to lock me up and make sure I don’t die. Why are they doing this to me I just want to be happy. I want to be happy so bad. I just want to be happy. When we have our chests together, I feel all the pain melting away from me, but you are never here. I have to cry alone and nobody helps me. Nobody cares. My mom just wants me to shut up so I’m not disturbing her. God I want to die. I don’t want you to have guns because when I feel this way I just want to put one to my head. I’m scared but I just want to put a gun in my mouth and pull the trigger. I want all the lights to go out and my head to stop. I want to take all the pills in my mom’s drawer and die. I want to stab myself until I can’t feel anything anymore. I want to bash my head on the road until I die. I want to lay on the train tracks and wait until a train comes and cuts my head off. I can’t stand myself anymore. I don’t want to hear my own voice in my head. It’s the only voice I hear anymore because nobody cares about me. I hope when I go to sleep that I don’t wake up. You’re just going to go again. You’re going to go and I won’t be able to go with you and you don’t even want me with you. I love you, why don’t you want me to be with you? I can’t do this anymore. I don’t want to wait for you. Oh god, why. I want to say that to you so badly, but when I think about leaving I hate myself. I just don’t want to be alone. I think about what life would be like if I could just start over and find someone else and it feels good, but then I just know that they would leave me because only you can handle me. No one would want to start a relationship with me if they knew what it would become. I don’t even think you would want to start if you knew what it was going to be like. I just wish you were different. I wish you wanted to be with me. I wish you didn’t go. I wish you stayed and took care of me. I’m getting so much worse. I want to show you how I feel so bad, of this, of all that I’m thinking, but you’d only get mad. I just wish you knew what you were doing to me. I wish you would help me. I wish you wanted to be with me as much as I want to be with you. I’m so sorry. It’s so fucked up that I could actually hate you and love you at the same time. It’s not right. It means that this won’t be a good relationship. I want to be with you but being with you isn’t with you. WHY DID YOU FUCKING GO AWAY? I want to show you but you’ll just be mad and I don’t want you to be mad at me, but I want you to know how I feel. I’m so scared you’re going to leave me, but I want you to at the same time. I want you to so I will kill myself and you’ll stop making me suffer when you don’t want me anyway. I want you to leave me so I can kill myself. I just want to die. I want to be happy but I can’t. I can’t be happy even when I think I’m happy. I need you so bad. my chest hurts. I feel so empty and I can’t stop crying. Please love me. Please be with me. Please just make things better. Take care of me. Make me happy. Why don’t you want me? I’m so stupid. Why would you want me? I’ve had enough. I just want everything to go away. I want to die. I want to die but I’ll never be able to do it. I honestly think I should take up drinking. Just be drunk all the time so I can forget about my sit life. Maybe then I’ll just stumble into the freeway. I don’t want people to get hurt because of me, but I just want to die so badly. If I wasn’t scared, I’d do drugs so I can kill myself. It’s apparently easily accessible anyway. I just don’t want somebody to save me. They will save me if I try to die. They will stop me and I’ll be stuck. I don’t want to be stuck here anymore. Please don’t save me. Please let me die. My chest hurts. I almost feel sick. I feel so hollow except for where my heart is. It feels like a raw ball of flesh, pulsating erratically. Then just a pile of shit below it. There’s space, but it’s bloated with shit. My brain feels so numb. Why is it that when I get upset, I get cold. I wish I knew the best way to die. I wish I was able to do it too. Fuck, if I show you this, you’re just going to call someone to lock me up so I won’t kill myself. That’s fucking great. You don’t want to be with a crazy person. You’re going to set me in there and find some stupid bitch. You said that if we were broken up, you’d still check on me to “see if I’m okay.” More like see if I’m dead yet. You know what, be with her. You won’t have to care anymore when I do it. When I do this, I feel like we have broken up. I guess I sort of resign myself to it being inevitable. Why do you bother being with me anymore if you know it’s not going to work. I feel like this money I’m saving up is a waste of time. You’re going to come back and tell me you’re done. That’s why you keep telling me not to come. I think I’ll quit my job and just walk away. I’ll leave everything behind except for the money and just go wherever. I’m bound to die that way. If not, I’ll just be living the life of someone nobody cares about, but not wasting away. No one would be able to contact me that way anyway. I won’t have to hear you checking to see if I’m dead, I won’t have to know you exist anymore or that you got married to some other girl after knowing her for only a short amount of time and that you’re having a kid. If you break up with me, just drop me. I don’t want to know what happens to you. I don’t want to know anything. Unless you really do want me to die. By all means, give me the bullet. What is the fucking point. God, I can’t stand this. What are we even doing. Do we think that we’re going to be together, get married, have kids and live happily ever after? That won’t happen. Nothing is going to change. Not while I’m still me. I don’t have enough money to pay someone to kill me. If I just get someone mad, they’ll hurt me but not kill me. This isn’t a movie. My life isn’t just going to “get better.” I wish you would just dump me already. I know you want to. Are you afraid? Just fucking do it. Who the fuck wants to be with me anyway.