My ex roommate just used me in a scam, then threatened to kill me and tried to break down my door. I pissed myself.So I moved into this place in August out of a homeless shelter and there was a guy living here named "Peter". Within a couple days my landlord was changing the locks and telling him to get his stuff out due to unpaid rent. I didn't know what was going on but I didn't care. I saw him a couple times later when he came to get his stuff.

Yesterday I got woken up by my new roommate because someone was at the door. Was Peter. Asked me to do something for him and said it wasn't illegal but there would be $50 in it for me. I don't have my medication and I could really use that so I said sure. He said he'd call me later. Sure enough a couple hours later he calls and says frank will be here. Just say that you'll have the receipt to Peter and he'll give it to him. Frank comes and talks to me and then says a lot of stuff I wasn't expecting.

He was his friend and trying to make sure he wasn't going to be homeless, winter is coming and it'll be cold and he always sees Peter outside his bar in the morning. He's got two kids to take care of and he doesn't want to have to take care of his friend but he's his friend and doesn't want him homeless. Gives me his number and $750 for what I then start to clue in about. That it's for rent and that Peter says he's still living here. That he wants me to take the $750 and give it to Peter so he can drink or do whatever with. That I'll be getting $50 from someone who clearly cares about his friends when I don't even have a fucking family. I was sick to my stomach.

I took the money.

I didn't know what to do. I took the money and his number and just said crap on autopilot. I was just... Stunned. Part of me desperately wants the money for my anti anxiety meds. Part of me wants to punch Peter. Part of me wants to throw up. But I just coast.

I go back inside and I sit down and start playing GTA V. Was on pause. I didn't know what to do or how to process. I needed a minute.


Peter calls.

Asks what Frank said, if I got the money. I say yeah and he asks what Frank said again and I said he said a bunch of stuff but it didn't matter. Peter asked for specifics and I said stuff like outside his bar in the morning and he cares but I don't care. It's whatever. He says okay and he'll be there soon.

The money was in a wad in my pocket. I took it out and saw the $50 from Frank. I took a $20 and put it on the side. Part of me was saying to tell Peter that I took extra because he got me in this shit and if he has a problem I'll just tell Frank myself. Part of me wanted to just take it and not mention it because one $20 missing would be nothing in the moment. Then everything started to sort of come back online. I realized how fucking disgusting this was. I was thinking of myself because I've never had friends or family who seriously cared in the past few years. And then he had someone who cares enough to pay rent for them and he's abusing it and using me to scam them. I started to spiral out into a panic attack and called Frank and told him Peter lied and to come get the money. Took the $20 on the side and put it back in the wad and sat down outside hyperventilating.

Frank pulls up within a minute. He's yelling at someone on the phone. Telling him to pull his pants up and get his life together. He gets out and is smiley. I apologize and say I'm sorry try to explain why I went along with it but just kept saying sorry. He said thanks and don't worry about it. That he told Peter he talked to the landlord. I didn't have a choice. So when Peter immediately called me, within 3 minutes of ending the call with Frank I picked it up and said hello. He said why did you tell me you had the money when you didn't? I said he came back yelling at me saying that he talked to the landlord and I gave him the money back and didn't know what to do.

He sighed and said "Alright then."

That's it. Just a disappointed tone and resignation that he wasn't getting his money.

Panic attack kept going for a while. Thought it was over.

I'm sitting outside because it's nice today. He comes storming up the driveway screaming at me. Saying he knows I lied and he's going to fucking kill me. I run inside and slam the door and lock it. He takes out a key and tries to unlock it and suddenly I am super glad the landlord changed the locks. I call Frank and he shows up faster than the cops could. Starts screaming at him outside. I call the police and they arrest Peter. Frank drives home crying. I sit inside with piss on the inside of my pants crying in the bathtub.


I am barely keeping shit together and having a hard time coming up with a reason why I should keep bothering.