How it came to thisSo this is a story of me becoming a worthless piece of shit. It all started after graduating from high school. I got impressive results from my unified state exams(Russia) which opened doors for me for a variety of Universities. I wanted to go to St. Petersburg to study and live there but my parents insisted(decided for me) for me to stay in my hometown and study there. Fine, did that. 

After 2 years of studying, I realized a huge mistake I made. I realized that computer programming is clearly not for me. It's not just me struggling with my classes, my heart was not into it. And at the same time, I discovered the world of fitness and professional athletic training, which I really REALLY loved. So I went to my mother with hope for support in dropping out and changing university. Instead of support she kindly offered me a high volume lecture titled "You are an idiot, stop crying and keep studying". After that, I was devastated. My self-esteem and confidence dropped below 0. My life was not my own, I became introvert. I started playing video games. It was all I did: university, workout, games. 

2 months later I think another blow happened. Mother came to me and said: "Sorry, pal, your dad started smoking one more pack of cigarets per day so no gym for you anymore". I kept my cool at the start. I had so much knowledge of fitness. I knew that I didn't need a gym to keep my six-pack and athleticism.  But it was not the same. Not doing powerlifting anymore made me feel weak. At this time I started having my first suicide thoughts. 

A year later had my first relationship with a guy. Cool, now I'm bisexual in a homophobic country. That's just a full package. At first, I wanted to come out to my mother but then I remembered her "support" with university situation. Back to the closet and hiding. Another suicide thoughts.

Year 4 of the university(present time). A graduation year. My classes are going awful, I can't pass my exams, I have lots of academic debts. Tomorrow will be a commission about student's academic debts and I have a strong feeling I will be expelled. I wanted to go chill with my friends on Sunday to try not to think about expulsion. Everyone but one was busy. We decided to go see a movie but my friend canceled an hour before we supposed to go. That was yesterday and that was the first time a actually tried to commit. I still found the strength to stop myself. For the past year, I had suicidal thoughts every single day but I kept going. I had hope it will get better. And now it's the worst. My future will be gone tomorrow, I already see the disappointment on my mother's face. I tried sharing with my friends about me wanting to kill myself. They memed it(really). Now I have the strongest feeling to end all of it and I don't know what to do. I am so tired.

Greatly sorry if my English is bad.

I'm so sorry you had to read this.