I've been having thoughts for some time nowSo I have basically figured out just how fucked up I am and I have actually known for a long time. I'm 20 years old, I'm kind of trippy sometimes because all the drugs I did. I cannot connect with anyone in the world longer than first  encounters, and at the same time that is my biggest fear. 


I'm tired of rising and falling all the time and my whole family is fucked up. My dad is the only one I really think highly about, but at the same time he has made some FUCKING STUPID decisions and it bothers me because he sweeps all that stuff under the rug, never to address it again even though it weighs on my conscience and everyone elses as well. But I love him still you know he's the shit. 


I'm battling serious addiction and I am considering throwing away my 3 months of sobriety and getting fucked up just to regain myself. I've had these recurring thoughts if drinking a bottle of jack and jumping off the Coronado bridge. It would be quick and painless (maybe even fun if I was drunk enough?).



Anyway I'm fighting really hard to stay above the shit I have created for myself,  but man I have such a mental load it is very tough, even at my super young age. I know I will be stuggling to survive my whole life because I dropped out of high school, and to make it worse, I can't even make any fucking friends because my problems prevent me from letting anyone in. I have this weird fucking ability to shut people off mid sentence with out even saying anything. And let me tell you it is the worst. 


It's like I have this scared little bitch in my head and me and that fucker are constantly battling it out. The only way that bitch is gone is if I'm physically exerting myself. Then it's a slow march back into battle once I relax. I have come to the conclusion that maybe this is my purpose; to be a physical person 24/7. But damn that's not all I  want to be, but the powers that be won't let me do ANYTHING ELSE. 


IDK it is a fucking strange world man and the vibes I connect with are even stranger sometimes. I just want out. And to be honest I feel this sense of melancholy happiness when I think of my death. I already have sime great songs to play at my wake that bring me tears of joy. I'd rather go out young and real then to become an old sell out and die. 


I am not really saying this is going to happen soon, but if I don't have some kind of profound epiphany in the next year or so, I think I'm fucking out. Just had to get that off my chest. You guys are probably my favorite sub next to r/drugs and r/AskReddit and I love your input a lot. So olease pass me some words that if anyone can relate to my struggle? Love you guys&lt;and gals&gt; (: