Can’t process what is happeningYesterday afternoon I tried to hang myself in the woods near my house, when I put the noose around my neck people who I rarely speak to began to FaceTime me and I was then interrupted by a couple with a baby walking thru the middle of the woods in the approaching dark. I couldn’t go thru with it.

I have gotten to the point that I have nothing left to fight for now. I haven’t any real friends to lean on anymore, I’m 30 and I just lost my job because of taking too much time out. 

My last relationship stripped everything away from me while trying to care for her. She hated whenever I would see friends, I regularly used to host a radio show and play out in bars and clubs in London but she would get so upset when I had anything on that I slowly dropped it all to focus on her. I even stopped making music which I have done obsessively since I was 16/17.

I eventually got the courage to leave after she became more aggressive and argumentative and started to put my life back together. Things were going okay for a few months. Despite a little blip of spending my 30th on my own before the first lockdown which had me wondering how I had got here.

Over the course of this year I let her back into my life, she wanted me to move back in and start a family together. I had a mental breakdown/ spiritual crisis whatever at the end of the last lockdown and went to spend time with my parents to recharge.

She tried supporting me and was there briefly but had a sudden unexplained change of heart at the end of October and began stonewalling me. My mental state quickly deteriorated.

After I tried to hang myself yesterday we spoke on the phone, she wasn’t very kind and was shouting at first. After we spoke for a while and she tried to be supportive, I could hear her tidying up and trying to get me off the phone. Then our old doorbell rang. She immediately said she had to go &amp; blocked me. Needless to say she has been sleeping with someone else for a few weeks.

I am now twice as broken as I was yesterday. I spent the night tearing my mind apart and praying that my heart would stop. I couldn’t believe the day I had just had.

I’m not sure where to turn now. I usually would be doing breathwork followed by some exercise and a run in the woods before I start on freelance work I have luckily been invited to do but I can’t face it today.

I just want to cry and for this to be over now. If anyone can give me some advice on how to get back on my feet I’d greatly appreciate it.

I don’t feel like this is the sort of thing you can pick up the phone and drop on someone’s lap if that makes sense.