My life is out of my handsEverything is falling apart. And there's nothing I can do about it. It doesn't matter what I want to happen or what I think should happen. Things lean in everyone else's favor but mine. And I'm starting to disconnect. 

Because I lose. No matter which way you look at it, I lose. I lose every battle. I lose everything I want. And as a result, I'm losing touch with reality. I don't feel in my right mind. All I want to do is lay in bed and forget everything. But I can't. Because no one will let me. Everyone just keeps reminding me of the terrible situation we're in, but no one is doing anything to make it better. 

My boyfriend runs a doggy daycare/boarding/training business out of our house. We were supposed to move it into a facility by now because we're expecting our first child in seven weeks. But that didn't happen because our business dropped and we could no longer afford somewhere. So now the business will still be in the house when our daughter comes, making everything that much more chaotic.

We bought a new car so we'd have a safe vehicle for our child. But because it's bigger than my boyfriend's car, it's now turned into the dog mobile. There's fur on the dashboard, claw marks on the center console, snot on the windows, drool down the side, scratches in the leather, and hair stuck in the fabric. Our family car. So now when we put our daughter in it, she's going to get a mouthful of fluff from all the dogs that have been in it before.

My boyfriend's sister, her husband, and their three kids have been staying with us because she made some bad choices and had nowhere else to go. We have a three bedroom house. We already had a roommate before they came. So there's eight of us, three of our own dogs, two cats, and a business in our tiny home. We gave them a September 1 deadline to move out the day they moved in. I want a nursery. I want quiet. I want room to raise my first child. Well, that day came and went. We set a September 15 deadline. That's tomorrow and they have nowhere to go. So my boyfriend is letting them stay. My baby is coming in seven weeks, if I don't deliver early. I have nowhere to put her. 

We're having serious issues with our neighbor because of my boyfriend's fuck up. They've vandalized my vehicle, our house, and broken into our garage. I'm afraid to sleep. I'm afraid to bring my daughter back here. So we talked about moving, renting somewhere else, and letting his sister rent our house. The problem is we have specific needs for a house because we run a dog business. The backyard must be fully fenced in and it has to have a basement. So that eliminates any apartments, townhouses, or duplexes. And all the houses we found that fit our needs? Too expensive. 

So we're back to square one. 

My entire life is being controlled by someone else or by dogs. Dogs are ruining my car -- my boyfriend is letting them. Dogs and my in-laws are running my house -- my boyfriend is letting them. Dogs are the reason we can't move into a nice, safer place -- my boyfriend is refusing to give up the business and get a different job. 

So where does that leave me? At the bottom. Discarded. Neglected. Forgotten. Because my needs aren't as important as everyone else's. I don't HAVE to have a nursery, they say. I don't HAVE to have space once my daughter is born, they say. I don't HAVE to have the house free of the business, they say. But the dogs HAVE to stay because it brings it money, they say. His family HAS to stay because they have nowhere else to go, they say. 

But I'm losing it. And no one cares. If I don't think, I'm okay. Just go with the motions. Survive one day at a time. But as soon as I think, as soon as I remember the mess we're in, I start to break. 

And I'm not sure how much more I can take. I feel on the edge of snapping. Of coming completely unglued. And I can't stop it. Because I can't fix even one problem. They aren't my decisions to make. Everyone else overrules me. And it's getting too hard. 

My daughter hasn't even been born yet and I'm already failing her. I can't give her a safe, stable home. I can't even give her a nursery. The fuck kind of mother am I?

She'd be better off without me anyway..