My mind is a very dark place right now.For a few years now I have recurring suicidal thoughts. Every time things get really bad I have this morbid wish to die. 
By most people's standards my life would be okay or maybe even great. I have a caring mother, a loving boyfriend, I'm finishing my engineering degree and I don't even have a tuition to pay. So why would I even want to die?
The devil is in the details. My mum caused some big traumas years ago, destroying some ideas for me, like marriage and loyalty. My siblings hate every conversation they have with her because they don't agree with most of her ideas and she presses too much. My boyfriend lacks some social skills. He's not very empathetic and can be really harsh sometimes. Quite often, really, and I'm terribly sensitive. Our sex life sucks too. I'm really late with my studies and uni is though as hell, unforgiving most of the time and professors don't really care about our mental health. I've been there for six years now but I didn't even get an internship, imperative in order to graduate. I don't have any work experience and I might not find an internship because I don't have one and I'm too close to graduate. I've started badly and spend the last four years trying to fix the shit I've done. I'm entering a limbo where I need to graduate but I can't graduate.
I have many regrets in life and a lot of anger in my heart. I feel like I'll fail in life. As a human being, as a partner, as a professional, as a mother. I'd love to have a lot of kids, but I'm afraid to ruin them and have them hate me like my siblings do my mum. I feel I have a cheating bitch embedded in me, some bad genes that'll make me fail as a partner, although I've never let that come to surface.
I don't see a point in living, except for dreading my final hellish destination. Maybe I pity my family too, and I'm afraid I'll cause them too much pain if I commit suicide. But my life hasn't been very pleasant in my own head and I can't find joy or a happy prospect for me. 
I've tried talking to my mum and my boyfriend about it, but as most people, they don't think I have a reason to be so sad, let alone depressed and suicidal. They never let me tell the whole story, as if they'd hurt a lot more than I already am just by listening to it. I've been to therapy before, but it's horribly expensive and I just can't afford it right now. 
And I think the quarantine isn't helping me see things from a different light. All I know is that my mind is the worst place to be at the moment.