I hate my life.I'm 20 years old and my life sucks. I got a perfect ACT score, I go to a top 20 college on full scholarship, I know 5 languages, I'm learning to program, I've read every book in the Western canon, I do freelance translation work on the internet (because I can't fucking stand "real" jobs) and everyone who's ever met me is convinced I'm a genius.

But it doesn't matter. I fucking hate my life. I hate myself. Nothing goes right. I have a thousand fucking accomplishments and it just doesn't make me happy because I get NOTHING from all my hard work. I've tried approaching women and every single time they just tell me I'm disgusting. I posted on r/amiugly and I got a lukewarm response (ranging "you're cute" [not "you're hot"] to "you're ugly" or "your hair looks stupid" or "go to this malefashion reddit, it'll make you look better", because apparently the way I am right now just isn't fucking good enough). I try to go to parties and bullshit like that where it's supposed to be easy to pick up chicks and I'm just rejected every. single. time. Even if I make any god damn progress the second I admit I'm still a virgin at my age everyone is disgusted because I'm the god damn odd man out who didn't spend his high school years looking for nothing but god damn poo-tang. It's a fucking catch-22 where I can't get laid because I haven't gotten laid, and you know what, I KNOW that part of my problem is that my confidence is blown to shit because I'm so worried about the fact that I still haven't gotten laid, but recognizing that fact DOESN'T MAKE IT GO AWAY. I still have no fucking confidence, so no one is remotely attracted to me, so no one will fucking let me near them,

I can't get along with anyone. No one in my group of "friends" shares any of my beliefs, and I only maintain these relationships because they're the only people I have that I can have any sort of sustained social contact with, but I HATE EVERYONE IN MY LIFE. My entire family is religious, racist, bigoted, and ignorant, and I hate them. Same with everyone in my group of "friends". I hang out with one of my old friends from high school and he talks about how he hates niggers and wishes his 15 year old girlfriend would put out as easy as the other girls he's fucked and dumped. I hang out with my half-brother and we smoke but then he starts talking about how he hates niggers and hates Obama and hates wetbacks and I try my best to look past his flaws but he's just a disgusting human being. Every single person I have any sort of social connection with is disgusting because I grew up in a heavily religious rural poor part of the country. I've tried looking for new friends and new minds who I might jive with better but I just fail every single time. No one wants anything to do with me, so I just cling on to all these people I hate just so I'm not quite so terribly alone. I can either have company I hate or no company at all. My brother thinks I'm a pain in the ass, my cousins just put up with me because they have to, my Dad hates me because I called the cops on him when he hit my Mom, my Mom tries to support me but she's religious and can't understand the reasons for anything I do. No one in my life really likes me and I just put on this fucking mask every single time I talk to anyone and I feel like I'm the biggest god damn liar on the planet, AND I DON'T WANT TO BE A LIAR BUT IT'S EITHER THAT OR THROW MYSELF ON THE STREET TO ROT. I can't even commit suicide because I don't want to hurt my family because I know they still love me even if they don't understand me, but I can't fucking live like this pretending to be someone I'm not. If I told them I'm bisexual and an atheist and a communist and I translate Japanese porn for a living, I'd be disowned on the spot, but I have nowhere to go if I don't keep hiding it from them because I don't make nearly enough to actually support myself.

This year I ended up taking medical leave from college for my depression and anxiety but my readmission to college is contingent on my recovery, which means I'm not even allowed to tell my therapist that the drugs don't do SHIT for me and I still feel like killing myself because if I don't "recover" (like you can FUCKING RECOVER FROM THIS, like there's some GOD DAMN MIRACLE CURE that can make my life not a gigantic smelly piece of ass) before fall semester starts I'll be kicked out of the college and have to reapply for admission, which I know I won't be re-accepted because of my shitty grades in my first year. I'm just trapped and I have no one I can talk to about my real problems because if I do I'LL GET FUCKED AND MY LIFE WILL BE RUINED EVEN WORSE THAN IT IS. That's how fucked my entire situation is. I even have to lie and put on a bullshit face for my god damn therapist because my school will fuck my life over if I don't. I don't have a fucking run of the mill "moody teenager going through depression" problem that some bullshit "talk about your problems" therapy will fix in 18 one-hour meetings, and because of that I don't fucking deserve my scholarship I guess???

Every single fucking day I just try to distract myself and stop myself from feeling the pain, hoping I can get through this for the next 6 months and then things will get better once I'm not under the gun any time I show anyone that I still fucking feel like killing myself, but I just can't. I have no outlet. There's fucking nothing. I try to pacify myself with weed, but it just makes the time go by, it doesn't fucking stop me from feeling the pain two hours later once I come down. I try to stick to the Paxil and be a good boy in the hopes that the stupid happy pills will actually work BUT THEY DON'T. THEY DON'T WORK. NONE OF THE FUCKING HAPPY PILLS WORK. FUCK ZOLOFT. FUCK PAXIL. FUCK XANAX. YOUR SHITTY PILLS ARE SNAKE OIL. WHAT I NEED IS SOMEONE WHO WILL ACCEPT ME FOR WHO I AM.

But no, everyone just tells me fuck you, get away from me the second I reveal even the slightest facet of who I really am. The second I told people in high school I was atheist all my "friends" pretty much disappeared. The second my family got the slightest whiff that I was translating unseemly things to make some damn money, I was suddenly demoted within this invisible hierarchy, like the god damn stepkid who gets the shitty room hidden under the staircase. I don't ask for that fucking much, I just want to live my own god damn life without people telling me my life, my beliefs, my hobbies, my existence is wrong. Is it so fucking bad that I want someone to love me? No, I'm not like you. Maybe I'm not like anyone. I've given up on trying to find fucking "common ground", but if I can fucking accept them even though they're so radically different from me, WHY CAN'T THEY ACCEPT ME? Why am I the fucking pariah? Why am I excluded from everything? My entire fucking life is just sitting on the computer looking for shit to distract me from my terrible life, and if I'm not on the computer, I'm sleeping. That's what I fucking do with my life. I sleep. I sleep 12 hours a day. Sometimes more. Because what the fuck else am I supposed to do? Go outside? And do FUCKING WHAT? No one wants anything to do with me. I can walk around and get stares if anyone recognizes me for the god damn freak I am, not like I have any real god damn friends to hang out with. I have maybe three people who I would ever hang out with outside the house, and I can tell that to every single one of them I'm their last choice, the fucking loser who they call up when they have no one else to hang out with, or when they need me to do something for them, or when they need me to get weed for them, or when they want their fucking xanax fix. That's what I am to them. Because even my friends don't fucking like me, they tolerate me.

So what do I do? Just what on God's green motherfucking earth do I do? I can either live a lie for the next 6 months, then go back to college and live a lie again until maybe I find someone else who's completely fucked like me and we can maybe halfway get along, or I can just kill myself and make everyone who's put so much effort into keeping me going pissed and miserable. There's no fucking way for my life to end happily. Either I take the pain or someone else does. I know so damn well that if I kill myself my Mom will cry and cry and cry for years and I know she loves me but I'm just such an *other* that even now she doesn't REALLY understand just what she sired. I don't want to do that to her, or anyone else in my fucking life, even if I do hate them, I can't fucking do that to so many people, but I just don't want to fucking live. The best way to describe it is I am so incredibly fatigued. Spiritually fatigued. If you've ever really enjoyed something and done it for hours on end, but then gotten tired of it after so long, you know what fatigue feels like. To me, life is like that. I used to like life. I really did. Now I'm just tired of it. I wish there was some other existence my life could have, something OTHER THAN LIFE. I don't want to end it, I just want a real break. I wish I could go to sleep for a thousand years and dream and dream and dream and wake up, and then after all that time maybe I'd be ready to face all this incredible bullshit, but right now I just need a long, long break from all this. It's too much for me. I'm such a weak person and everyone is asking me to shoulder such an incredible burden, and they all act like it's an easy thing to do. I'm constantly told that my life is easy, I'm not working, what do I have to complain about? I HAVE TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE FACT THAT MY LIFE IS EMPTY. THERE IS NOTHING IN MY LIFE. THERE IS ONLY THAT GREAT, PRESSING BURDEN, CRUSHING ME FROM ALL ANGLES, AND THE ONLY THING I CAN DO IS IGNORE IT. I'm just supposed to ignore it, because no one else can see it. It's such a massive weight and no one believes me when I tell them that I'm being crushed and smuthered and destroyed.