Another random mumbling while I waitYou don't have to read this all of you don't want to. I think ill use the stuff in Tylenol. It's cheap and it shuts down your liver. Maybe I'll take stuff sleeping pills so I go in my sleep. I think ill crush up the pills and mix them in water so it's easier to swallow. I don't want to throw up everywhere. Itll just leave a mess for my mom to clean up. I'll flavor it somrhow. Maybe I'll use these nifty tea things you put in a eater bottle and shake it up and drink it. Not a tea bag. It's synthetic or something. I like tea. I like to make sun brewed tea. Maybe I'll mix it with orange juice. I like orange juice too. I had a nice glass tonight. I drank it out of a mason jar so it was a nice big glass. I'll crush the pills with a mortar and pestle. There's one in the top shelf of the medicine cabinet. It's blue and made of marble. None of that matters though. I wonder if I should skip school when I do it. I'd like to see my friends again. I don't deserve them. Maybe I'll see doctor strange. It's good I think. I should have money left over from my pay after I get the Tylenol. Let me do some math real quick. Yeah I should. I got a raise recently. The company I work for was going to go on strike but they agreed to stop. I guess it worked out for me somehow. But it was only a  five cent raise for me. Maybe I'll go out to lunch. I like applebees. They have this nice dish that'd basically macaroni and cheese with barbecue sauce with chicken strips. It sounds pretty American. I don't know if I'll have enough for that though. I wonder if my girlfriend would like to skip school with me. It was pretty mean for me to say she didn't care last time. She does. I'd love to cuddle with her in the theater. They built a new theater in the next town over. It's neat I guess maybe. It doesn't matter. I try to talk to her about it but she doesn't think about it like I do. This is really long. I should go to the top and put you don't have to read this all of you don't want to. This is better then crying myself to sleep. I should get some sleep. I have 3 hours of band classes tomorrow. I play the saxophone. The big one. I forget what it's called right now. It doesn't matter. I'm sure they'll find a better replacement when I'm gone. My jazz band director handed out birdland the other day. I have a measure long solo and I can't get it right at all. I should apologize for that. Idk if I can type anything up tomorrow. I'll be so busy. I'm sorry to bother every one. This has nothing to do with my death. I shouldn't post this. The mods might remove it or something. It doesn't matter. Nothing really matters anymore. Sorry. Good night.