Don't stop. Keep scrolling.I'll start this off by saying that the only thing weaker than my will to live is my writing skill so buckle in buckaroo if you ignored my advice in the title.

I'm a 19 y/o in my first year of college and I have many friends, A family that loves me, and two cats that mean the world to me...but I'm so lonely. I spent most of my earlier years as a socially awkward loner that hid away in books. Sometime later in high school I decided that I wanted to break out of my shell and bury the old me that I despised. I started to make friends, got invited to parties, dated people, joined extracurriculars...the whole shebang. But after I graduated, I no longer had anything really. I haven't seen a single one of high school friends since and the only one who has stuck with me is a friend from middle school. Now in college I'm a social butterfly once again, the only thing that seems to distract me from everything is that feeling I get when I'm leading the conversation and making people laugh...it eases me at least a little bit but it's all that there is to me. I'm not smart...I'm not good-looking...I don't think I'm even a good person. I want to do something grand and magnificent, I want to BE something grand and magnificent but I'm just not. I don't know if the people I spend my energy to entertain even see me as anything more than the court jester. I have very little drive or motivation to do things for myself so I want to maybe just live a little in someone's mind but I don't know if I'd really be memorable enough to even do that...I know I won't cement any sort of legacy otherwise though and that scares me, I don't want to fade away, I don't want my memory to die.

I'm going to be turning 20 next month and I know I have so little to be truly upset about compared to most people and I know I'm still young but I imagine that's when I'm going to make the decision on whether to be selfish or not and maybe lift the burden of my existence off a few people's shoulders. I just wish I could know what would happen after though and how long it would last before the last memory of me faded and I truly died.