Help, I don't want to die but I feel like it.this may sound so disjointed but bear with me, I am so drunk and I have no desire to kill myself but I feel like I might as well be better off dead. Nobody would suspect me because I come off as nice and so positive that it hurts. But nobody even goes closer and ask me if I'm really okay. 

Nobody would know that I browse or even once posted here. I hate my life because I grew up without any hearing ability myself and I can't even know what's fully going on. I always miss out on everything and I feel stupid if I even ask someone what just happened or who just said something.  I just got rejected from Disney's international exchange program, that I suspect because of my hearing problem, not my personality because I felt like I did do a good job. I joined a sorority last semester but my big had to move back home and my grandbig got another little in the semester after I got initatited and the family ignored me in general. Nobody even says hi or how am I doing. 

I replased with my disordered eating tendencies twice this year after resisting them for so long. And I have so many friends but I always feel like I'm a bother to them and I might as well be better off not existing. I know I'm relatively attractive but I haven't been asked out on a real date so far and I haven't been in a relationships and I don't really feel like like a real human being if I haven't had anyone being attracted to me for who I am and not just my body. I want a family but I feel like that will never happen and I will be alone forever.  Wow I am so a horrible person. I just want to get off this stupid island, I feel so trapped and I just want to get out and experience life. I feel like my hearing problems is holding me back and I'm forced to be so cool about them and everything that happens to me. I feel like I can't just tell people I feel close to my real feelings because I really don't want to be committed. I just don't want to feel trapped here on this stupid islanfd. I know I have money but my parents always says that I shouldn't feel any bad feelings because there's other people that are worse off than I am. Help. 