I'm going to starve myself to death.I started grad school this fall. Went from high school drop out to Master's student. Came out after 12 long years as wanting to live my life as a man, and began a very promising early gender transition. In a lot of ways, this is the happiest I've ever been.

However, I started having panic attacks last week, over my lack of time. I just don't have enough time to do my own coursework, *and* grade papers, *and* have leisure time, *and* maintain personal relationships. I started cutting myself -- not the first time in my life I've self harmed -- and after it escalated a lot of my friends withdrew, including my best and only really close friend.

This is not the first time this has happened. I was diagnosed with BPD about a decade ago, at the age of 19, likely stemming from a childhood spent in multiple abusive homes, being shunted from one relative to the next, before being abandoned and left homeless at 17. I have serious abandonment and attachment issues and it's very hard for me to make friends; then, once I do, it's very hard to not alienate those friends. Historically, people have always left me, and I understand why: I am, fundamentally, toxic. Because everyone leaves, I assume they *will* leave, and so I push them away and then when they don't bother going through hurdles to reach out to me, I can only seem to take it as proof that they never really cared. I know what I'm doing, but I can't seem to make myself stop, despite ten years of effort to improve myself and the way I handle my disordered thought processes.

I do not have access to good health care, and am resistant to it, anyway. My grandmother, my primary caregiver growing up as well as my primary abuser, used mental health care punitively, and to this day it takes me an unreasonable amount of time to warm up to mental healthcare providers, and the slightest breech of trust can be catastrophic to the relationship. The last time I had a crisis like this, the police convinced me to go to a local clinic for a suicide watch; my treatment consisted of sleeping in a chair for 24 hours -- the ward was just a bunch of clincal-looking reclining chairs separated by paper curtains, and we were discouraged from walking around -- followed by a brief 15-minute video conference with a doctor, and a referral out to a general nurse practitioner. Not a psychiatric care provider, just a GP in a low-income clinic in an office block.

I don't see any reason to keep living. Because I've been consumed with this crisis, I've gotten very behind on everything. I now expect to spend Thanksgiving break working from 6am to 10pm W-F, and 8am to 8pm Sat and Sun just to catch up on everything. The thing is though, I know I'm not going to be able to adhere to that schedule. I'm already too listless and detached. I find myself spacing out, almost catatonic, in my grief. I'm going to fail my duties as both a teacher and as a student. I've driven all my friends away -- I even reached out last night via email to my best friend, hoping to reconcile, but he won't respond to me any more. I don't have any family, really, save for an uncle in prison and a sister whom I never grew up with, and barely interact with; we're pretty much non-interactive Facebook friends. Her eldest child -- of four, all of whom were removed from our family 10+ years ago -- is only four years younger than me; she and I really have no connection at all. My mother died when I was 19 and my maternal grandmother died 9 or so years after disowning me, in 2016-ish. I have never met the paternal side of my family. My best friend, who now won't speak to me due to my self destructive behavior, was the nucleus of my support circle. I have absolutely no confidants left.

I don't have a place in this world. I am toxic. I have tried so hard to fix myself for so long but even now I just destroy myself and the people I love. I am no longer worth the trouble that I cause, evident by the way even my most ardent supporter has washed his hands, and I absolutely, truly do not blame him.

My first suicide attempt was at age 12. In 2011, just shy of 21 years old, I attempted suicide by taking a bunch of the Nardil I was, at the time, prescribed. I got very sick, possibly with serotonin syndrome, and stayed that way for almost two weeks. While I don't know for sure what happened, I know I did not come out on the other side intact. I am more dull than I used to be, I can tell. Because I fear another near-miss that will leave me brain damaged, I cannot bring myself to OD again. I've considered and even researched buying a gun, but I'm too much of a coward, even though I live in a very gun-friendly red state. I thought about walking into traffic, but I don't want someone stuck with vehicular manslaughter charges because of something I did. Besides... It's a dick move to force someone to be a participant in your suicide, regardless of legal culpability; for this reason, I also filled out jumping to my death. There's a place where I could do it -- the main stairwell of my department's building has an open channel straight down from the fourth floor to the concrete and tile floor of the first and I have 24/7 access to the building -- but I think it would traumatize whoever found my body, and I don't want to do that, either.

So I'm going to starve myself. I haven't eaten in 36 hours, which was not purposeful, but did inspire the idea. It seems appropriate, since I'm a lardass in recovery from compulsive eating. Probably towards the end I'll lose my willpower, but then I'll just revisit the gun. It sounds like it would be really easy to buy one -- I don't even need a permit unless I plan to conceal carry. Or maybe I'll revisit the gun now. The pawn shop is on my way home. I probably wouldn't have had the strength of will to starve myself, anyway.