My debt is killing meI can't anymore.

Next month begins my student loan repayment. I can't get out of it or get the payment lowered. It's $600/month. My car loan is $200/month. My rent is $440/month. None of that includes food, Internet, gas, or utilities.

Right now, my job pays me about $600/month.

I owe the IRS. (When I called to set up a payment plan, they told me literally to "sell my assets" and borrow money. What assets?) 
I'm behind on parking tickets that I didn't pay when I *had* money. I'm behind on utilities. My Internet is the only thing that keeps me sane, and I'm going to lose it soon. It's also required for my job that I currently have.

Everything that I can't handle right now could be fixed with *money*, and it sucks.

I can't find a job. I did everything like I was supposed to. I got straight As in high school, I got a full ride to university, I did an internship for two years. I keep getting interviews, but I keep getting passed on. I've been yelled at by HR managers or whoever is in charge of hiring people for doing a phone follow-up when there's "over 200 resumes on my desk right now." The only job I can get is one that pays $9/hour, and I'll still be swimming in debt and that may cover my student loans and car note. I've been misled. I tried to do things the "right way."

I haven't seen my friends in weeks because they want to go out to bars and things that cost money. I have zero money to my name. I'm isolated. If I'm going to kill myself, now's the best time to do it, frankly. I know they will miss me, and I know there will be plenty of people at my funeral, but I just don't see another way out of my financial situation. People will move on with their lives, just like I've seen with *my* own friends that have passed. After time, it makes you feel sad for a bit, sure, but you've moved on with your life. You still can live a happy life with a dead friend.

The debt goes away for my parents if I die. I don't understand. I'm literally going to be killed by my debt. If I can't pay the student loan, my parents are going to suffer because of it. They don't know how bad it really is. I don't like talking about money problems with anyone.

I'm terrified of being a burden. They deserve to finally be able to live for themselves, and they can't. They'll get enough money to pay for my funeral, and then they can move on. I know my mom will be devastated, but I'm pretty sure she'll be just a tiny bit relieved. They're struggling too, and I have to keep borrowing money just to pay for groceries until my food stamps gets approved/denied.

I don't want handouts or a fundraiser or anything like that. I just want a job to be able to pay my bills and live without constantly crying and hiding bills under mountains of papers. I can't do this anymore. I can't do this to my parents anymore.