I want to end my lifeI'm 22 years old, in grad school 300 miles away from home and haven't been feeling well at all. I come from a conservative background and finally accepted that I'm not straight, which is devastating because I can't ever get married to a person I'll have feelings for without facing parental/community backlash and ostracism. It sucks even more bc I haven't had much success making friends in the past. I have a handful of friends from high school and college, but while I try to keep in touch with them I only ever receive reciprocation from one hs friend and one college friend. As in, those are the two people I ever hang out with. I've had more friends in the past but some just stopped talking to me, and I had a falling out with a couple more. I just feel so lonely, worthless, and uncared for all the time. This makes me feel bitter and insecure. And knowing that I'll probably never be able to get married or get into a relationship makes life seem even more hopeless.

There is nobody I can talk to, my extended family are all abroad and I can't visit, and they don't even care to contact me. My stepdad is abusive, my mom is the only person who'd care if I ever died. My friends don't care either, they all tell me they're busy when I try to talk to them. They're all 300 miles away anyway. I met a few people in grad school but we aren't close and we don't have a connection. I try to keep in touch the most with the friend from college but he's stopped responding to my messages. He tells me he's busy and that we can talk in person, but we only see each other once every couple months at most. I really liked him. Am I expecting too much if I text him every few days? Not getting a response worsens my feelings and thoughts and I can't stand it anymore. I can't imagine a future, I just can't. It seems impossible for me to have one. I will not be happy living alone. There is no point for me to be alive. Nobody even cares. My mom doesn't count. I can't vent to my mom because she has her own stress she deals with and telling her will just make her feel worse. 

I just want these feelings to end. I just want to feel valued by my friends without coming off needy. I try not to come off that way but I also never get any texts/calls/anything from friends, I feel so deprived of attention and nobody cares to stay in touch with me. I don't know what to do other than end it all. I know it won't solve anything but it would be better than living like this. If anyone has advice I would appreciate it. 