I hate being a lesbianI'm just fucking over it. I literally get headaches from thinking about this too much. Here's why I hate being a lesbian:

1. Small dating pool. I don't have many options. Also the fact that I'm feminine, I'm invisible. I'm not attracted to masculine women at all, just other femmes and slightly tomboy girls. I have to use shitty dating apps or I'll die alone, while all my straight friends can date and have fun like normal people. 


2. I don't like any lgbt related thing. I don't like the community at all. Maybe the only thing I like is gay bars, but that's it. I don't want to go to pride, or lgbt related shit. I just want to be a normal person and not bunched in a group of people. 


3. Internalised lesbophobia. I fucking hate myself and being a lesbian. No one is going to love me. No one is going to love me because of my internalised lesbophobia. I'm never going to change, I'm never going to be happy with myself.


4. People would hate me. No one will ever be ok with me being a lesbian. People are going to treat me like shit.


5. I can't have biological kids with my partner. We have to use a sperm donor or adopt. I mean, I'm fine with adopting but I want to carry my partners baby. And with the sperm donor, I don't want to deprive the kid of his/her father. If I was straight I wouldn't have to deal with this. And if I use a sperm donor, I'm going to have to deal with all of the disgusting comments like "did you fuck him?" Etc.


6. People won't ever believe me because I look so feminine and I used to suffer from compulsory heterosexuality. They'll constantly doubt me. 


7. I can't kiss or hold hands with my partner in public without getting started at or having gross comments thrown at us. 


8. My family are homophobic and won't believe me if I tell them because of compulsory heterosexuality. 


9. I'm sick of people thinking just because I'm a lesbian that means that they can tell me how my sexuality works. "Sexuality is fluid" "lesbians dont exist" "you're probably bi" etc etc. Fuck off. No I'm not any of those things. I'm a lesbian. That's it. Stop being so dismissive of my sexual orientation. 


10. I'm an outsider. All of my friends can talk about guys they like and talk about sex when I can't relate to any of that. 


11. I hate how sexualised lesbians are. I'm not here for your entertainment or for threesomes. I'm not going to let you watch me kiss another girl so you can jack off. 


I literally have every reason to end my life. I'm over it. And before you ask, I'm 18. 