I am doneI am trying to put this together, holding back tears. I am 35 years old today, probably half way through the life span I have. I haven't had any problems or difficulties that most other people have. I had a stable family growing up, youngest among siblings. I was bullied by a brother occasionally growing up, but I don't think he meant any harm. My college tuition was taken care of, I have had a well paying job in tech since the last 15 years. I have had a stable job throughout my career, and probably have a million or so in all my investments and savings. I am trying to think of reasons why I hate my life, but I can't come up with any. I haven't had any of the problems that others in this subreddit have experienced. I am probably the exact opposite of some of you, the person that everyone hates.

Yet here I am. I don't really speak to my parents or brothers. It's been years since I have spoken to either one. Today is my birthday, I realized that not a single friend of mine cares. I am sitting in the dark typing this out, while I look at my phone, silent as ever. No one knows I exist, no one wants to go out for a party, and no one wants to wish me a happy birthday. I don't know how I reached here, but I don't have any friends of my own. I haven't been able to hang on to a girl since forever. I don't even know why I am this way. I never used to be this person. I used to have friends, a social circle. I used to laugh, I used to care, I use to be passionate about work. Now, I've hit halfway point of my life, and I can't fucking go through another 35 years of the hell I am right now in. 

Sometimes it's wiser to bow out rather than stretch through eternity in pain. I think I have made up my mind. I don't see any point of living through this. None of you know me, and I know none of you will miss me. Goodbye. It's hard to explain why I am doing this, and I think my parents will be heart broken when they know about it. To anyone reading this after the fact and trying to make sense of what I did, do realize that this was my decision. I've given it thought, I've given it time. This is the only way out for me. I am sorry if I hurt you. I am sorry for everything. 

Goodbye.