I want to die.I have been thinking this to myself for the past year. I have been feeling empty to the point I am filled with rage. I have come a long way from where I started in life. I went from a mom and dad with 3 siblings (two of them disabled), to divorced parents and never seeing my father. I had to take responsibility of helping my mother care for the two disabled siblings and take care of my little sister after school. All the while going through countless boyfriends and random hook ups. I had a cousin who I thought would help me out and guide me through some of the rough patches, but he ended up taking advantage of me and sexually molested me. For the longest time I thought I was gay because of the things he had me do to him and I felt as if I was an abomination.  I look exactly like my father, and would go through constant beatings by my mom, I have bite marks on my hands still from a few times she couldn't find anything else to use. 

Right before high school I finally had a chance to live with my father, and took the opportunity right away. After I left I found out that my youngest sister had been raped by my step father and I felt so ashamed of myself that I left her alone with such a monster. I started slipping into a manic depressive state, leaning to smoking to help me cope with the stress and constant struggle in my head of being a terrible brother. I was able to make it through two years of college right before my dad lost his job. At that point I had one of two options start a full time job to help make ends meat, or say fuck him and continue my schooling. I wasn't cut out to take on a full time job and school at the same time so I went with the former thinking I'd at least try to be a good son. Within 6 months of that decision my dad didn't spend any money on maintaining, nor did he bother to find a job. So we were evicted from our home and I became homeless.

 I was on the streets for about a year till a friend took me in to live with his mother. I basically slept on the floor and held a shitty busser job trying to save up for a car. Eventually after six months she no longer wanted me there and I became homeless again. After about another 6 months I was lucky enough to get an offer through my friend that his coworker wad looking for a room mate. He had all the essentials and just needed someone to take the room off his hands and help with rent and bills. I've been here for 3 years and am holding a associate position at a restaurant, but I feel so empty and feel like I'm not contributing anything to society. Sure I have the few regulars who try to send good thoughts and condolences along the way but it just doesn't seem to help.

The only thing that brings me solace is music. It helps me in every way possible but it's all I really live for. Nothing seems to bring me any sort of joy or happiness other than that. I have been working myself up to ask this girl I met at work out to some coffee or something, but I feel to disconnected from the real world to think I have a chance. I feel right now in this exact moment that I'm just feeling sorry for myself and could have made many better choices in life. It is just to difficult to think about the shoulda woulda couldas. 

I live eight by a set of train tracks which isn't helping, hearing the trains passing by wondering what it would be like to just jump in front of one one day. Letting all these thoughts and feelings loose in one instant sounds like such a relief. But I know I'd cause a big hysteria, and so many lives would be changed. I always say that everything had to happen in the past the exact way it did in order for us to be exactly where we are right now. It's just becoming increasingly difficult to cary on with a fake smile and with the knowledge I have of most things in the world. 

It's a dark and scary place out here. And I don't think I'll ever be able to conform or change. I want to, but I don't know where to start. I love you all, and I will give you anything, but I'll never ask for anything. Thanks for reading, I'm sorry to take up some of your precious time. I'll give it right back to ya, one of these days...

I think, therefore I am... but my first problem is, I thought...