HelloHello

I'm new to this thread. I came here hoping someone could just read/listen. I have to vent. I have tried to reach out to people in my life, but the fact is I have virtually no one who gives me a second thought besides my mom and dad. Most people I know outside of immediate family are acquaintances at best; mostly men who want nothing to do with me other than to sleep with me. 

I apologize that this is long, but please read my story... if you want to. 

I'll really start by explaining some of my history. I rarely share all of this with anyone, and those I do share either don't understand or don't care. 

I have dealt with depression since I was a child. I can remember being in kindergarten daydreaming about dying. I have distinct memories of myself as a child sitting in a chair in front of the TV while a Disney movies plays telling myself I'm ugly and worthless and begging God to kill me. I would write mean things about myself on books and inside notebooks. I used to get up in the night and grab knives, wanting to hurt myself but not knowing really how because... I was a kid. I have never changed. As I grew older, my depression waxed and waned but never totally left me. I would have episodes and times where I would self harm, but now I'm 28. I want to die worse than I ever have before.  

I was doing okay for several years in my early 20s following a few years of deep depression where I did nothing, never left my room, slept constantly. I had started pulling out my hair and scratching myself. But by around 21, I was working, going to school, and saw a future for myself. 

All that came to a screeching halt, however, when I got into a bad car accident in 2016. I was hit on my driver's side by oncoming traffic after losing control of my car due to another driver's failure to yield while turning left. I do not remember the accident itself. I only have the memory of sitting in my car desperately trying to get out of the way while I stared out the window and watched a truck barrel towards me. I thought I would die right then, I thought this is it; I thought of my mom and dad and how they would miss me. 

I have had PTSD ever since. I've been failing in school and can't focus on anything. I can't remember things, and I get cluster headaches several days a week. I used to be a straight A student, and I used to get so upset if I failed a test but now I barely go to class. I'm 80% done, but every day I try to figure out what's the point and want to quit everything. I know if I don't kill myself now, I'll just kill myself later. Why wait for the inevitable? 

After the accident, I was prescribed opioids during my recovery for pain. Eventually I used them just to numb myself. I would take a handful at a time and sleep for a day or two. 

Eventually I stopped, couldn't get any more prescribed so that cut me off. 

It took me a year to recover and walk confidently again. I moved and started school again. Last year, I decided to try dating; what better way to feel good than find other humans to extend touch and warmth, love and support? Dating hasn't worked out for me. 

In October, a man forced himself on me. He raped me. I told him no several times and tried to escape but he would not stop. 

I started cutting myself soon after that with single blade razors on my thighs. 

I met another man in November who I dated exclusively until last month when I broke up with him for crossing a boundary with me. He knows of my history, but never really cared. He was not a nice person; he was a deeply inconsiderate person who rarely showed me any kindness. He would criticize me, make fun of me. And..he forced himself on me several times. When we would be together, I started to retreat away from him often, refusing to be touched or just giving him complete silence, which only made the problems with him worse. 

Almost every night since last weekend, I have been drinking to a point of drunkenness that I can't remember anything that's happening. For several months now, my drinking habit has evolved into something I never thought it would. I have a family history of alcoholism, and I always told myself I'd never go down that path but I fear I am. 

Last night, I drank entirely too much as usual and texted the boyfriend described above. I was sayinga bunch of nonsense, but what I really wanted was help. 

Just help me.. 

I called him over and over, and he answered just to hang up and eventually blocked my phone number. 

I texted other people from my past. 

They ignored me. 

Because I work for myself, I can go several days to weeks without touching or speaking to another human being. It's hard on me. I'm isolated and alone. 

No one is listening. No one is checking on me or asking me if I'm okay even when I have displayed fairly public depressive outbursts. They see me, they watch me, they hear me and do nothing. 

I have been thinking about ending it since last night. I have this decision in my head that I'll go to this popular suicide spot in my area, a 160ft tall bridge, and just jump. 

An ounce of bravery and 3 seconds is all that's standing in my way of ending the pain and sadness I have felt since I was a child. I can't live the rest of my life feeling like this. 

I'm certain the fall would kill me. 

But I'm afraid of heights. 

That's it. Fear of heights. That's all that's stopping me.