Everyday I wake up (long)I think why am I still here? I have a genetic disorder that has disabled me for pretty much most of my life. Even in my 20s I knew something was wrong because I couldn't even make it up a hill without breathing so hard that I thought I would pass out. As I got older it became harder for it to impact my life severely. My diagnosis came late and by the time it happened I was hospitalized for a week because they couldn't control my heartrate. Yes I did try many times to get diagnosed prior to this, but doctors had no idea not until it became more severe and prominent. LDS wasn't even discovered until 2005. Unfortunately, when you have a disease that's new there is so little out there for treatment, information, and hope. 

I also have nerve damage and progressive autonomic nerve damage. I can't control my own blood pressure or heartrate without medications. This is just a side effect of it. It won't get better, only worse. I can cling to hope of it not getting worse and staying stable, but that's it. 

Then not even a year later after being diagnosed I ended up in adult critical care where my artery had torn and blocked up my artery causing me to have stroke like symptoms for weeks as blood thinners worked to keep me from having a blood clot or stroke. It didn't prevent long term damage as now my eyes can't focus well on their own and cause me to have constant double vision unless I have bifocals or some kind of prism in my glasses to keep my eyes focusing together instead of independent. I am on blood thinners forever. 

That? It ain't even worst part only a day after entering the adult critical care my own dad had a stroke and died. This is the second family member I have lost to a stroke in under 3 years. My dad wasn't even 60 yet. I'm staring at my own livelihood. My condition means strokes, artery ruptures, dissections (tears in the artery), and heart problems will be my future. There is little to do to prevent or stop the damage. Only can clean it up as it goes. So many of us will die young. 

This condition is unfair in all ways because it's also dominantly passed on so the chances of my kids having it are 50%. One for sure does. I can't help, but feel guilty for giving him my crappy genes. If that wasn't bad enough I've struggled my entire life with my adhd, autism, and depression (which has been chronic). I feel like what is the point anymore? 

I'm not living. I have no friends. I can barely leave my house. I can't work. I'm fatigued all the time. I spend 12 to 14 hours a day sleeping. I don't even use my adhd medication for adhd my doctors gave it to me so I could actually be awake long enough to spend time with my kids and husband. I'm in a lot of pain because I can't move around much and I'm so stiff (no one is going to give me pain killers). The last time I tried PT to help with this I ended up nearly dying from my dissection. 

Doctors don't help maybe because they really can't, but it feels so fake and insincere at times to keep being told to truck on when I am dying. It seems like they don't want to acknowledge that. I'm 32 and I feel like I don't live at all. It's given me so many secondary conditions like gastroparesis (autonomic nerves are being destroyed thus so is my GI motility along with my heart and BP control issues). I feel like I am a constant reminder to my kids that this could be them. 

I think if I was a horse someone would have put me out of my misery. I do nothing all day except manage my health, sleep, and occasionally do something outside with my family or watch TV until bedtime. My friends don't bother with me anymore not like they did much before, but now I am abandoned completely. My therapist tries, but he doesn't get it. He doesn't get that I am tired of putting in the effort with trying to improve my life. What is the point? 

People don't want to be around sick people and the cruel thing is I need that. I need social community to be happy and it's taken from me because I can't physically do anything without symptoms. Without days for recovery. I can't even roll my own wheelchair because of how much work it is and pressure it puts on my neck (where my dissection happened). My insurance has to approve for my motor that can be attached so I can have more movement without giving up the ability to roll myself as needed (which is really important to me), but we were told I'd be denied and told to get a power chair (can't roll yourself ever fully dependent on the motor very heavy and hard to take places) since I haven't been bedridden or wheelchair bound long enough I won't qualify for the power chair or the motor. So even my freedom is limited by money and restrictions that make no sense. I won't recover from a genetic condition yet still have to wait 2 years to get the tools I need now. 

I was an active 20 year something who is now bedridden in my 30s. Bound to a wheelchair or a cane to move about. Tired of having symptoms. Tired of life. I appreciate anyone who took the time to read this sob story.