Suicidal thoughts; no one will take me seriouslyI'm a 16 year old female living in the UK.
I have severe social anxiety (mostly because I have Aspergers, but I'm sure it was made worse by the fact that I was bullied at school for years), and this has a large impact on my life.

For the vast majority of my life I've felt as if I somehow "don't belong", so this isn't something new. It's not like I was happy and then I suddenly became depressed, it started when I was young and gradually got worse.
3 years ago, after months of constant sadness, hopelessness and self-loathing, I realised that I was depressed. Due to my social anxiety, I find it extremely difficult to openly discuss anything that could potentially upset or anger people, so I avoided talking about my depression and for the next 2 years I simply put up with it.

I don't know why, but my depression got much worse around December last year. I could barely function on a day-to-day basis, and even lost friends because of it, although I didn't have very many friends to begin with.

Last March I made plans to kill myself. I had considered suicide numerous times in the past, only I hadn't actually planned it until now.

I changed my mind because I didn't want to put my family through the pain of losing me. Somehow, I had to find a way to get better. I made a promise to myself to get professional help as soon as possible. I decided that if nothing improved within the next 8 months then I would end it. Regardless of how much I wanted my life to get better, there was only a limited amount of time I could put up with my depression for.

Eventually I was referred to a psychologist, who I now see on a weekly basis. The problem is, she is completely refusing to address my depression or suicidal thoughts. She tells me that they "aren't too much of a problem" (even though I've told her that this isn't the case) and instead chooses to focus on milder problems that barely affect my life.

When it comes to helping me with my depression, my parents are no different to my psychologist, in that they offer me no support whatsoever.

This makes me feel incredibly frustrated. Working up the courage to talk about my feelings feels like a waste because nothing has improved, and even a mental health professional can't (or won't) help me.
Now, I know that therapy never works instantly and that depression doesn't just "go away", however I was hoping that with therapy I could slowly learn to manage my depression.

Now I can't decide what to do. There's no way I can continue like this: constantly having to deal with social anxiety, loneliness, and depression. Sometimes I feel like I'm pointlessly living the same day over and over again.
The idea of being dead certainly appeals to me, but so does the idea of living a long, happy life. There's quite a lot of good in my life, yet I still feel depressed, worthless; like my entire existence is fucking pointless, and I hate myself for that. I so desperately want to feel happy, yet that seems so far away.

Without the support of my family and a mental health professional, I honestly don't know how much longer I can keep going.