Feeling very numb.My ADHD makes me very disattatched to my emotions, or boil over and go to extremes with them regardless of what specific emotion. Making them extremely difficult to maintain throughout the day and causing moodswings or just.. near zombie like behavior when I dissociate which has been happening more and more to cope with everything right now.

Right now, my mom is (justifiably, I do not downplay her reasonings) saying anyone who comes to the house needs a negative Covid test. Because two people in my family are vuberable, and another could become viberable depending on how her body reacts to the virus.
This directly affects my boyfriend who just got out of a two week+ quarentine from when he visited his family for Thanksgiving, and he won't take the test even though today was our one year anniversary.

His reasonings (which are also valid, and I don't downplay) are that he just quarentined, he does not have the virus and if he did he would have gotten over it. He has also spent two weeks in quarentine and needs to work, but we both work in the exact same business. Hes decided to just stay with his parents and continue through finals there because it causes to much trouble for him to deal with just to come back home even if he doesn't see me because even the shortest test is 24 hours and he would not be able to return to his apartment if he even did go back so as to not risk his roommate who we are both friends with. If he even took it and then just went back to his parents it would be a 2 and half hour drive all the way back.

I tried to speak with my mom about whether he could just not take it but she refused to talk about any other outcome because she wants to protect her family, and I agree with her. 

I feel as if my mom is hostile about this because even though her reasonings are good and firm, she refuses to even consider anything from my boyfriend's side. And vice versa, he became severely depressed while in quarentine and he has been pulling away from me and weve been fighting continuously for days now. 

I feel like I've failed both of them and can't make anyone happy, I just wanted to spend my anniversary with him, but I instead spent it studying and cramming homework, and feeling horrible about myself cause I don't want to cause anymore drama between the two and can't seem to cheer him up at all or help him. And anytime I speak to my mom about it she shuts down the conversation and gets annoyed with me for bringing up the topic again.

At the same time that all of this my grandfather, my dad's only remaining parent, is in the hospital 16 hours away because my family moved cross country years ago, and he is basically swelling up and dying because of lung surgery. We keep getting updates but they're all worse than the last and all pictures of him are near unrecognizable and I struggle to even find someone who looks like him in the pictures. 

My computer is glitching out and I can't get any downloaded content off of it to load, so this is impeding my progress with homework just as finals are starting. 

I just... I'm so overwhelmed. I just want to be in his arms and be held and not fight anymore, and I just want my papa to be ok and I don't want to deal with school anymore, but everything is just to much. 

I feel like everyday is so short with no time, and the whole time I'm rushing to catch up on everything, but I can never seem to finish fast enough. I don't feel like I can fix this situation with my boyfriend and I feel horrible I can't be there for him during his lowest point. 

I'm just so depressed and I don't want to commit suicide but the idea of just.. not existing anymore just seems so much better day by day. Just falling asleep and never waking up ever again feels so much better than the daily struggle of everything rn and I can't handle it anymore.