I hear it's good to talk.I'm depressed and suffer from anxiety. I've been this way since childhood. I don't really believe I'll get better. Most basic and difficult  things stress me out. I often wish I were dead. I'm kind of suicidal, but not in the way that most people see it. I just think about it a lot. I just don't want to exist most of the time. Life isn't enjoyable and it frustrates me. I often imagine taking a run and being far away from my thoughts and people/places I've known. I'm not really sure why, I guess it's my minds way of escape. But it makes me feel wistful and impulsive.

 I feel bouts of thankfulness. I appreciate when something nice happens. But I don't really feel joy for any prolonged period. It's also really hard to feel loved even though I know it or feel if I actually love others. In general I'm very kind and know who I love, I just have a hard time with positive emotions. 

I saw a psychologist for about a year. I got help through some trauma. I feel better in the sense that I deal with much less intrusive memories. But, I don't feel any more positive or have a mind set that makes me want to live. 

I realize that medication could help; but not being able to afford it currently, I'm kind of just trotting on. Although, I'm not sure medications can help much. A lot of my mind set is learned and shaped over the course of most my life. I might have a natural imbalance but I fear that all my reactions are trained, rather than genetic inclinations. 

I'm becoming reclusive. My loving husband thinks it is healthy to talk it out. I agree but It's a hard battle. He gladly endures me, but realizes I'm closing in on myself. It's hard to talk to someone irl because it's awkward to listen to or creates panic that is unhelpful. And, to be frank, I'm not comfortable with sharing. But being on a throw away account will have to count for now. I don't think these things are answered or completely read through by many people. So it makes it easier to share knowing anyone who reads and or responds, did so because they wanted to. Making this feel less like Russian Roulette. 