Bought my method and back up method, now it's just to choose a dayI went out today on my lunch break and purchased some chlorine bleach, ammonia, and a package of razor blades as backup. The store clerk probably thought I had some cleaning to do. In reality, I do have cleaning to do, just not the kind that she thinks. I want to cleanse the earth of my ridiculous and pointless existence on it. 

I'm so very, very tired. I really tried to hold out until my set date of September 9th, 2019, but the way my life continues to go, I don't want to wait that long anymore. I've had it. Nothing changes. Nothing goes on. Ten years stuck in this town, of worthless men, of stagnation and doubt, sorrow, hopelessness, watching my family thrive and prosper, and me, just mired down. If I had to describe myself, I would be the girl in the Goo Goo Dolls song "Black Balloon". 

"I go on as you get colder..."

I'm 30 years old and I've never moved out of my parental home. I suspect I have a terribly co-dependent relationship with my mom, but that's besides the point. I fucking hate my job. I work in customer service and all day long all I hear is people yelling at me, venting their anger and rage at the company on me, calling me out my name, telling me what a horrible company I work for, threatening my livelihood. That and taking calls constantly, never being able to catch up, and the endless frustration of being trapped in a job I fucking despise. I honestly hate hearing my own name now, I just cringe when I hear it because I wonder what i've done wrong to make them want to ask me something. Then they tell me that Saturdays are now mandatory. The one thing I had to look forward to...my weekends, my "me" time to detox. I've been late to work four times this week because I just can't bring myself to get up and go back to that place. I find myself fantasizing about different ways to kill myself when I talk to people on the phone. When I get off work the only thought in my head is just to go home and find something to make the pain stop. But it's kind of a joke, because I have to get up in the morning and take it all over again. The only one that bothers me is the wrist cutting, but I plan on using that as a back up method in case the other one fails. And if you do it in the dark in a hot bath they say it's not so bad.

I have no social interaction. I decided I was better off not having any friends so now if I do go out, I make sure to keep my interactions superficial. The only men that want me just use me for sex. New years eve, a guy I've known for years and trusted groped me endlessly at a show he invited me to, I had to knee him to get him off of me. He never apologized. I know I'm just a piece of meat to men, I understand it. Being used doesn't bother me anymore, I just don't care. But at least ask first. 

My life never changes. It never gets better. I just go round and round in an endless repetition of bullshit, lost hope, dead dreams and wasted chances. I'm so tired of living this life. It's not what I wanted. I just feel so trapped with no way out of anything-my living situation, my work, my town. My own mind. Thinking of my family used to stop me, now I really just hope that they can get over my suicide and live their own lives at some point after I'm gone. I love them very much. I love them enough to not cause them pain at watching me struggle and throw the rest of my life away. If I haven't changed in 30 years, I likely won't in the next 80, and I think they're beginning to understand that now. I hope they forgive me.

It's going to happen at some point in March. I have two weddings to attend, one of which I'm a bridesmaid in. I wouldn't want to ruin the beginnings of someone else's happiness, so I'm just left figuring out a date. I feel happy knowing that's all I have left to do other than write out a few notes and mix up the chemicals.

I hope my family likes my funeral playlist and respects my wishes for the flowers I want.

