I see no reasonSo yeah this is the first time I wright my thoughts depending on life and suicide down. My real name is max, I'm 19 years old and live in a small city in Germany called Trier. I look like a normal person, nothing special, I pretend that I'm fine for a year now. I'm supposed to have a job and get my life on the right Road. In Germany we still live with the motto "Arbeit macht frei" (work makes you free) even if we're not allowed to say this, we sure live it. If you don't do anything you're less worth than hoboshit, people pretend that they want to help, but those who tell you this lie. They look down on you and think that they're better than you. If someone kills himself they all pretend they didn't knew a thing, If someone goes on a rampage they blame media and don't question the "innocence" of their victims. They all say life will get better. Really? I don't see light at the end of the tunnel. I'm tired of people that need my help as a psychological trashcan and react pissed when I need to talk. I'm tired of wasting my mind for those who are not worth it. I know that life is unfair, but I honestly feel sympathy for those who start shooting for revenge. Teacher look away, bosses also, everybody looks away when it comes to confrontation. And when someone finally gets his revenge for the unfair shit, loneliness and hate he went trough he's the villain and those who brought him this far live like it never happened and continue their Bullshit. I do not say that I follow this picture of justice, I know that my mother would have a life not worth living after that and that's the reason why I can't do it. I often think that killing yourself isn't a solution, but the voice that says I should cut myself open gets louder day by day. I also thought about taking those who brought me this far with me, but like I said I don't want that my mother has to live with the thoughts that her son did something like this.

My father touched me when I was 8, back then it was like a game, now I know what happened. School was pure Terror, they stole my stuff over and over again, I got hit so often I stopped counting, they tried to convince the teachers that I'm a Neonazi and were nearly successful, teachers said I could tell them if something happened, I did, their respond : what are we supposed to do? 
No one helped me, my brother didn't help me, the teachers didn't help me and the principle didn't. Life is a fight for me. I want to live by the rules of darwinism, but I know it wouldn't change a thing, I'm the bad guy who played too many egoshooter and listened to metal. 
That's why I spare my energy and just put my life to an end.