I’ve died before. Sometimes I wonder if coming back is sufferingI have been sick for seven years now. The first time I died my heart stopped. I was found laying on my bedroom floor with blue lips, gasping for breath and it hurt far more to come back than it did to die. For the next year I died an estimated 10 times a day before my pacemaker was implanted. My doctors like to call it “long term organ failure” as the technically terms are complicated and I’m sure people on the internet don’t care. My brain, thyroid, heart, and kidneys all began to fail and stop working when I was 20 years old, and Im only alive because of modern medicine. As my life goes on I need more and more intervention to survive, and I have to take these thirty pills a day or I will die. I think that is where it started? I just start to focus on it. How it was to die. I remember dying each time- it was scary at first, and painful. Coming back always was disorienting, and so so damn painful. but I knew I was dying, I could feel what it was like and knew what it was, after a couple months I knew very well how to die.

 But to be honest now that I have those experiences? It’s almost easier to handle? It’s relaxing. Calming to think about when I’m going through something now. It started off as a joke whenever I was in pain “god if only my Pacemaker stopped working lol” when a nurse is scrubbing open wounds or like when I was in the ER again, I’d think about it. It was easier than the feeding tube going through my neck. So much easier then going 13 months without food so far. The central line going into my heart. The pacemaker shocking me a dozen times a day. I don't know, it WAS a joke. Now its always there. Always. It’s an escape. I won’t be surprised if I kill myself. No one in my family has an inkling- I’m already a terrible burden on them financially and mentally. And I don’t think it will make a difference 

&amp;#x200B;

im sorry if this is over the top. I’ve never talked about any of this before with anyone, and I don’t even know where to start or how to really put it into words. Thank you for listening tho