i don't know where to go from hereI thought about posting this in the r/advice forum but I thought it was a better fit for this one, but if it's not I've no problem changing it. 


essentially I'm a senior in high school and ive been pretty clearly mentally ill for awhile, but my parents sort of struggle to understand mental health. back in 2017 i tried to kill myself and ended up in a mental hospital for a week or two and when I left, I believe they largely thought I was "cured." we finished the mandatory therapy the hospital required after discharge, and then they had me stop going, and they didn't call to refill my prescribed medication and that sort of thing. it makes me feel awfully guilty, because it's probably expensive and it must be such a nuisance to them. i do far cheaper 'therapy' now, which is just meeting with a social worker every two weeks. i appreciate that they give me the bare minimum as opposed to nothing, and although this may sound ungrateful, i just feel like it isn't enough 


long story short for the last year or so I've dealt with whatve been described as by my social worker and what i believe are intrusive thoughts. it sort of feels like a voice, constantly in my head telling me to die or hurt someone. sometimes the urge that comes with it is so strong i scare myself; this past week i was cooking dinner and my mind told me to stick my hand in the garbage disposal and start it up. the urges are worse than the thoughts themselves I'd say; i've gotten close to jumping in front of a train or off a balcony just to see what would happen. but i don't want to, and i know i don't want to. i don't want to hurt myself or others, and i hate myself for this so much. 


on top of that all i deal with not 'bullying' perse, but ridicule for sure. i've been called freak and weirdo and stupid and idiot more times than i care to count, and maybe i'm just sensitive. maybe 'kids will be kids' and this is standard high school asshole-ism. but i don't have friends, people think i'm a stupid freak, my mind constantly tells me to hurt myself or others even though i don't want to. it's exhausting. 


i have begun to consider suicide again, even though i know it's not a good option. i just want relief, because I'm not getting it and i haven't gotten it for two fucking years and i don't know where else to turn. the thing is the majority of my classes are either AP or transferable college courses, in other words classes i can't afford to fall behind on. if i try to kill myself i have to be successful, because i can't afford to lose time in a hospital. I don't know what to do at this point, because i feel so incredibly trapped. I can't talk to my parents, i can't talk to friends, i don't even know if I can talk to my social worker because I don't know if she'd have to report me on this, and like in said I can't let myself fall behind. I just don't know where to go from here. I'm exhausted.

I'm not quite at the point of waking up and decided I'm done, it's ending today, but I know that with where I'm at it'll end there. I don't know how long I can hold on