Just want to give upForgive my ignorance of Reddit etiquette, as I am extremely new to Reddit.
My whole life has been a wreck. I was abused as a child, and had an extremely fragmented childhood. I am in my late 20s now.
From about the age of 13, I became very seriously depressed. Before this I had different types of behavioural issues, but it was only at this age that I started understanding what suicide was. I have had an uncle commit suicide, and an aunt attempt it. Both my parents had psychiatric conditions (drug induced psychosis, and borderline personality disorder). 
Anyway, I have been hospitalised many times (while I was a minor) because of the seriousness of my depression. I have tried nearly every medication available for the treatment of depression and anxiety. I have attempted suicide a number of times in a variety of ways, but obviously it was unsuccessful; partly because I hate pain and would stop the attempt, and partly out of fear.

My life has not improved as an adult. I have an unstable relationship due to my illness. I am still at university, but I am doing poorly because I cannot cope. I have numerous medical issues, and I fear that I am going blind due to eye injury. I am in physical and severe mental pain every day and night.
I have had to see countless specialists about my depression. I have been told that I also have PTSD; I was informed that while treatment for war veterans and the like is relatively successful, for people like me it stops being about cure and becomes more about treating the symptoms because I experienced the trauma from very early childhood right through to becoming an adult. My doctor has told me that it is likely that I will never be cured of depression given my genetics and personal circumstances. I have suicidal thoughts every single day of my life, and every day I try to plan something. I have had counselling for many, many years now and this has done nothing.

If I go blind, I will kill myself, and I plan to do so by starving myself. I will also do so if I cannot work in my chosen career when I graduate, or if I do something criminal and am caught for it. I will also do so if I find a painless, immediate method of suicide. I desperately want to die and I am aware that suicide hurts everyone left behind but I cannot cope with life.

I suppose I just want someone to tell me it is okay to die. I also want validation that where depression is incurable, suicide is a valid option. 


Note: in my country, firearms are very hard to come by. Had they been more accessible, I assure you I would have used one by now.

Edited to make more readable, and to prevent a breach of the rules.