My friend seems depressed, and I don't know the best way to help him. I think it's also partially my fault. 

I have a friend, let's call him Tim. He's a freshman at the college I go to, and I only just met him this semester. I've invited him over to hang out a few times and every time I do he starts getting text messages that seem to upset him, and then he asks if he can have alcohol. The first time I didn't think it was a big deal because hey I've been there before and sometimes an occasional drink when things are shitty makes me feel better. It's happened a couple of times now and I've made sure there isn't any alcohol around when he comes over, because all he wants to do is drink and won't ever tell us what's wrong.

I know for sure that part of the problem is that he cheated on his girlfriend with me. We were both drunk when we hooked up, me way more than him. I didn't know he had a girlfriend at the time which is why I agreed. I later found out about it and asked him if he had a girlfriend, and it seems like he's been getting more depressed since then, for obvious reasons. I didn't yell at him or anything about cheating on his girlfriend, I just asked if he had one and told him what he does in his relationship is his business. I also told him that if he wanted to talk about what happened we could.

He recently sent me a couple of texts that are red flags for me, like how he was texting me while driving after I called him out on it because the alternative was driving himself into a tree. After that I know he's really not okay.

I've reached out and told him that he's clearly not okay. He told me he knows but he doesn't know what to do about it. I told him that talking to someone always helps, and that I'm here if he ever wants to. I also told him that if he doesn't want to talk to me he still needs to talk to someone, or even just write it down somewhere. I asked him to let me or anyone else know if he ever felt like doing something stupid, and that he has plenty of people at the college that would be more than willing to help him with whatever he needs.

He won't talk to me about it after that and is just making small talk. I don't know if he's bad enough that I need to alert someone like the counseling center, or if it would just be an invasion of his privacy at this point. I also don't know what else to do to help him if he doesn't want to be helped, but he is clearly not okay