I will never be good enough. I mean, really. I have an eating disorder, I'm stupid, I'm annoying, I have social anxiety, I have depression, my grades are shit, I can't do anything right, my relationship is starting to fall apart... and everything just sucks. I'm just not worth it. I am a waste of fucking space. *I cannot even function as a normal human being.* I do not deserve to be alive, and I do no *want* to be alive.

I do not particularly wish to be dead, because what I *really* want is to be able to function like a regular person. You know? I want to be able to eat and not feel guilty. To smile and fucking mean it. To have an awesome relationship (I did for a while). To get good grades. To wake up in the morning and feel like I can get the hell out of bed and face the day. But it's starting to look more and more that I'll never get that, no matter how much I want it.    
So my only real option now is death. And why the hell not? I would be helping other people by getting rid of an annoying presence in their life. My boyfriend would be free to finally move on to some other bitch. Whatever financial aid I'm getting for college could be saved for someone who will actually be successful. And hell, I'm an organ donor, so hopefully I could even help someone like that.   
And it would be so... easy. It would take me maybe ten minutes to get one of the guns ready. Ten minutes. I could be dead in ten fucking minutes. That's amazing. 

I don't know. I just feel really, really worthless. And my relationship is the thing I depend on for life... even just the thought of it ending has me crying until I can hardly breathe. I love him so much... and he says he loves me too, but I guess all my issues are just too much to handle, which is understandable. It just sucks. I just want to dissolve into space. I don't have the fucking courage it would take to kill myself, no matter how much I think about it, and I can't seem to fix any of my issues. Basically, I'm stuck with this shit for the rest of my life (which is probably going to be painfully long). I'll never be able to function as a human being should. What do I do about that? 

I'm sorry for the rant. :/ 

I guess what I'm trying to ask is... how do I fix all this? I just don't know what to do. I mean, I know I should go back to therapy, but that never really helped. I'm going to try to get antidepressants in the next few months, but I really need something for the time between now and then. I want to stop wanting to die. :( 

Ugh, this is terribly disorganized. I apologize again. I'm kind of a shitty writer, too. Go fucking figure. 