BF Constantly Threatening SuicideSo I'm a little nervous about making this post, because I don't really want to be found out but this is beyond my understanding anymore. The man I have dated for a long time is a widely intelligent attractive man. In the beginning it was pure magic. We spent a lot of time together, we went out on dates, etc. Then I moved to college and came back home. It was toward the end of last year that this all began. Out of nowhere he started threatening to hang himself because I was being negative. While I've always known to take threats seriously, I kinda let it slide because maybe I pissed him off and didn't realize it. He blames me for being negative and a drama queen and this is causing him to want to kill himself. I know this isn't the full story. I know there must be something else going on. At the end of the day, I am not responsible for his suicide. I am not legally bound to him in any way. Problems got worse when one day he came over and we were fighting about something stupid. The fight rose to the point where he is screaming at me saying "I am going to hurt you" and me begging him not to touch me. Eventually he grabbed me called me stupid among other things. I cowered and threw my hands over my face attempting to shield myself thinking he was actually going to strike. But he threw me aside. I begged him to calm down and he wasn't being rational. He finally agreed to relax but then started screaming again. At this point he was thrown out for threatening me. Fast forward. Most days it is ok. I don't hear from him much and try to give him space to work on his projects, but these episodes of suicide can occur when I least expect it. At times he told me he had a rope and made a noose out of it. He tried it and caused harm to himself (apparently). I honestly believe that some of this is false. The other day I fell asleep on him and he told me he still had the noose in his closet if I don't stop being negative. The problem with all of this is that it is starting to affect my level of sanity. If I don't hear from him for like half a day I immediately start thinking he has hurt himself.  I know you'll day get rid of him. I am just wondering if there is a real way to diagnose the problem. I wish I knew what to do. 