Give me something real..I started to type some long story about what deep seated emotional flaw I have and some bullshit experience I am going through and how that makes me want to just end everything...but then I realized. NOBODY gives two flying fucks what I think, or what is going on with me..

She sure as hell gave zero fucks when she neglected me and behaved contradictory to the "love" she so boasts about.  My friends clearly gave zero fucks when I reached out to them, confirming with them that I plan to take my life.  I got wrote off as unimportant and told to wait it out until I can see a therapist.  Thanks asshole.  I needed physical company and someone to talk to.

Now Im stuck here.  Angry. Backed into a corner.  I have been angered to the point of causing self harm.  Instead of lashing out at others, I physically take it out on myself.  My face and scalp are swollen and I have no more tears to cry.  I am a pathetic mess and am viewed as such.

I am such an inconvenience to those that pretend to care about me that if anything, my absence will be appreciated.  I cant fucking do this anymore.

I don't want to hear the typical bullshit about how I have so much to live for.  GIVE ME SOMETHING REAL.  WHY THE FUCK shouldn't I give up hope when I live on a rock absent of any tangible compassion?

I am made void of continuing life. 

I am addicted to compassion. I need to be constantly validated. I need to be assured that I am loved and cared for. I need my partner to be held accountable for their actions and how they affect me. I can't be neglected and I need the emotional stability these conditions provide. I am void and need my fix and will endure anything to be able to continue. I am too difficult for others to handle and I have to sacrifice myself and my values to be around others....I am fucking unhappy and i am destroying myself trying to quench a thirst for something I will never truly have...my body is fucked and disposed of. My ears are told what they want to hear. My heart is given falsehood as the person I become attracted to pretends to be the thing I crave...I am an emotional disaster after having just put myself in control of my emotions and wellbeing since dealing with the last serious relationship, and now I'm called to question everything I know and believe. I am dying. I will be until I find what I am looking for. Along the way however, I have become disheartened and unsure that this even exists..  Living life in the uncertainty of absent compassion is bleeding me dry. I don't want to torture myself anymore. I don't want to press further not knowing if my expectations will ever be met. Without my fix, I am nothing... I am unimportant to those that pretend to love me....I am an empty shell driven by sex and this lie called love..... I am un-salvageable.

Fucking prove me wrong...
