Someone I'm close with will never achieve her dreams and I no longer want to liveAll of this will probably sound really stupid to you guys but I swear to you it has ruined my life and I think about ending it all constantly. 

Ever since I've known this person, her dream was always to become a doctor. Now when I say dream I don't mean some vague goal that swims around in the back of one's mind. I've always been of the opinion that most people don't really care about what their career ultimately ends up being as long as they're able to put food on the table. Maybe I'm wrong about that. Personally, I kind of stumbled into my current career and have never really felt any kind of way about it. I've been fairly happy with my life. But she had something I could never have: genuine passion for her calling. She's the smartest person I know and she planned everything in her life around this fucking dream. Unfortunately she chose a dream that is essentially IMPOSSIBLE for her to ever succeed at no matter how hard she tries. 

Seeing her fail at getting into med school time and time again and eventually give up after many years of incredible effort was very painful. Knowing that she will NEVER achieve her dream and truly be happy has fucked me up completely. She swears she's ok but I know it's a lie. Even if it isn't a lie, it's still the same to me (yes I understand this is incredibly unhealthy). It's like I've adopted this thing to be my own personal crusade and I don't know why. I realize that there are probably millions of people who have had to give up on their dreams, but seeing it happen to her must've broken something in me to the point where it hurt me more than having some family members die (as fucked up as that is to say). 

I've started seeing the futility of everything and now I just want to end my life. I don't see the purpose in living as I know that there is no way I'll ever be able to tear down this barrier for her. When I was depressed when I was younger I was able to retreat to tv and movies but I can't even fucking do that anymore because doctors are featured EVERYWHERE in media and held up as the most perfect paragons of virtue ever to walk the earth. Every time I see a doctor I am filled with rage at how she was treated by these assholes. I'm harboring homicidal thoughts towards the entire profession, the entire fucking country and I can't ever tell anyone. Everything reminds me now that the world is fundamentally unfair and will always be. I feel like the world attacked her and I can't do anything about it. 

I also feel deeply ashamed that despite all of the serious injustices that I should have been thinking about, it wasn't until she gave up on her dream that I finally grew to find the world a meaningless, despicable place. I guess I naively always thought that the world would one day reach a utopia where the big problems like war, poverty, discrimation, etc would be eliminated so I never thought about them. I will also freely admit that I've never had anyone close to me personally suffer from those big problems. But now I think that even in a perfect utopia where these problems are solved there will still be people forever unable to reach their dreams and be happy and I want to die. It will always be unfair and I can't deal with that any more. 

