Depression with added problemsI used to have suicidal thoughts, as well as having suffered from on and off again depression for a good ten years. I usually handle it by putting whatever energy I have into writing, as it seems to be better whenever I am depressed.

I married pretty young, moving country for my wife. I left behind a family that is no longer there; the only family I have are my in-laws. I get on with all of them very well, my wife's sibling has become a best friend to me over the years.

My wife changed as soon as we married. She became angry, she became violent, prone to volatile mood swings. It has come to the point where I actively try and avoid conversations with her so as not to provoke her.

I have also discovered that she is the queen of manipulative behavior. I never would have realized, except I noticed how she was manipulating other people which allowed me to take a step back and see that she was doing the exact same thing to me.

I feel so alone. I know that her family and our mutual friends will take her side as she will manipulate it all to look like I was the person at fault.

I also take part time classes in the local community college, and I realized that I actively try not to tell people that I am married as it changes how they view me. A girl that I was becoming good friends with just cut off contact and barely meets my gaze when we walk past each other on finding out that I was married. This could be due to the fact that she thought I was actively hiding it or it could be something else, I am not privy to the inside of the female mind.

Most of this information is probably useless, but I felt the need to put down what I thought was having an effect on my decisions. I am in the middle of a serious depressive bought and the meds don't seem to be helping.

I have suicidal thoughts, but so far no tendencies. I am however abusing alcohol and painkillers just to help myself sleep or to forget.
I know that I don't want to die, I would prefer to live. I also know that if I leave my wife and I lose all my friends, then I won't have much of a will to carry on.

