Is it worth it to keep trying? Can I finally be let go?I know this is grim, but honestly I don't think there is any other way for me to talk about this since, at this point, its this or stew in my own juices over it. Maybe writing it out here will make me feel better and at least give me a sense that life isn't as bad as the horror that I've witnessed it to be.

To put it bluntly, I want (and almost think I need) to die.

I guess I'm getting ahead of myself though. To elaborate, I'm a 24 year old male "NEET" (not in education, employment or training) and college drop-out in the U.S. While I've managed to get a seasonal job, It finishes in june/july with my lease on a room in a house filled with college students (which I once was).  At that point, I'll pretty much be in my car without a place to live, since my successful parents have decided that they won't help me with money issues and they won't let me move back in (at least in the case of my mother. My father made it clear through his actions after my parents divorce that his focus was on his new wife and kids). 

I'm not exactly a "normal" person, either. Since the age of 8, I have had chronic recurring depression and S.A.D (seasonal affective disorder) and have been on every single medication under the sun since that age. I was diagnosed with ADD/ADHD as well, only complicating matters when It made me an abject failure at school while everyone else in my family went on to great success (My mother, stepfather and sister are all doctors/in med school). 

That little bit of history aside, I guess its important to move on and focus on my dystopic future...or in this case, a lack thereof.

In all honesty, In two to three months time I will be homeless, jobless, unable to do the one thing that I have an "addiction" to (video games) to escape the terrible present of my own making. Effectively, I'll have hit rock bottom with no way up and no way out. From there, I have no idea what will happen to me, but I do know that the prognosis for individuals like me is exceedingly grim, and puts me at great risk of hurting others if the rage I feel at myself (and in extension everything around me) goes out of control. That, unfortunately, leaves only one option open:

Death.

To be honest...I was kind of expecting this to happen. This dark, uncontrollable and recurring part of me has an obsession with it. A belief that I'm not actually meant to be in this world, but somewhere else. Somewhere I can only go when this madness finally ends. That I'll finally be able to forget this terrible , empty failure of a person I am and start over. That I'll finally be able to leave behind this world that I've come to hate so much (despite knowing its unjustified hatred) and be at peace. The uncertainty, poverty, hatred, sadness, despair and emptiness will be gone. The waking up and dragging my heavy heart and body out of bed every morning as I struggle to even maintain a job will be no more. I won't effectively be a slave to a system that holds people like me with such contempt. I remember the things people (and even my parents) say about people like me and even me:

"You're lazy, just get a job and work like the rest of us."

"You've always used suicide as a way of manipulating since you were a kid."

"You coddle yourself too much, stop being such a baby."

They then give us titles like "Moocher" and "Freeloader" and accuse us of ruining the country and everything else. A country that, in my desperation, I once wanted to die for, believing that as long as I died for something worth fighting for then it was a "win-win". Eventually, that devolved to the point where I was willing to die even if it was only to save a single person: even if that person hated me or didn't even know who I was. Now, All I want is to die. For The reaper's outstretched arms seem much more inviting and comforting then those of the (sometimes sinister) living. 

As selfish as it seems, I really have begun to stop caring what happens after I'm gone. A terrible part of me even thinks that some of the sadness that my family feels is vengeance for what they have done, and that as long as the horror stops, the rest of the world can go screw itself. Maybe my death will even have some positive consequences. I always wanted to help people, but unable to do that in life maybe writing something before I die can help others come to grips with just how horrific life is for someone without hope. Part of me wants to feel desired and loved, even if it is after I'm gone.

I guess that comes to the conclusion. I have so much more I want to say, but have no idea how to say it or even find someone who would listen (that I could afford to talk to). So I'll try to summarize what is plaguing me:

Is there something I'm missing? Is it actually possible for someone like me to love and be loved without hurting those I care about? Am I as broken as life made me, or is there actually something that I can succeed at? Am I just supposed to suffer for the rest of my life as a nameless drone in a corporate entity working for rock-bottom wages, or can I finally just discard this terrible hand that life has given me and get out of such a rigged game? Is fighting to live in a world with such contempt for me worth it?

Can I finally just be let go so that I can be at peace?