Why do I always have breakdowns when no one is there to talk to?I keep having breakdowns at inconvenient times.  Like at work or in the car or late at night.  I keep going to my boyfriend for support, but after a certain time, he likes to play online with his friends.  Some of the time, he'll turn the headset off, some times he'll just uncover an ear to hear me, but I don't really get his undivided attention.  Not saying he's a jerk, cause he's not.  He's a great boyfriend and I'm so needy.  I'm so lonely.  I feel like I don't have a single friend.  I try and find someone to talk to, but no one lives very close and they are always busy or I'm working.  I'm constantly contacting people about having a chat, but hardly anyone returns my messages, let alone checks up on me.  I've been suicidal on and off since I was 11.  I wasn't socialized till I was 11 and years before that, I was sexually assaulted.  I apparently have severe depression, but the doctor, MIND, the mental health team etc have just passing me around from pillar to post, not giving me any help whatsoever.  I was meant to get cognitive behavior therapy.  I was told I had been referred urgently, but nothing has been done.  They want to dose me up with drugs, but they never help.  I'm on natural antidepressants now, but my hormones go haywire whenever it's that time of the month. I tried taking iron tablets when it's that time and that has helped a bit.  However I recently started a new job in care work and it's horrible.  I feel I need to stay a while cause it won't look good on my cv if i don't, but there's so many people all telling me different things that I should be doing.  I feel so lost and stupid and they expect me to know everything and be super fast and do the job of two people.  I'm exhausted.  I keep getting headaches from always being shouted at.  Plus I've been hit, kicked, spat at, swore at and shouted at.  One of the people literally tells me to "f*** off and die."  I had planned to kill myself last month, but I hung on.  But there's no point.  There's nothing here for me.  I don't know why I even try.