Why can't I just go back?I've posted here before. Sorry for being so needy.

I want to go back to around this time last year. Not to change anything, just to be able to be a little bit happy again. I've made progress in transitioning, but I've lost almost everything important to me in the process, and I hate it. If I could have just a tiny bit of joy in my life then, why can't I now that I've made progress in changing my life for the better? It makes no sense.

There's so much that I've gained this year. Starting my transition, finding new forms of entertainment, finishing required classes for my major. But if I could just repeat those classes, that time, over and over and over again, I would. The professor was the best person I've ever met, and I made more friends during one semester than I ever made before or since.

And now, as soon as those classes were over, they left. Every single one of them. The first people in my life I truly treasured from the bottom of my heart, gone in a flash. I've attempted suicide twice since then, and I wish I succeeded.

I know it's nonsense to hope for something good to come out of suicide, but I don't see any other way to be happy. I'm an emotionally unstable wreck with nobody and nothing. If nothing else, maybe it would make people look at me, see me. I wish someone would realize that they cared, but the only people in my life are those who have already forgotten and those who would forget about me within a few months.

So what do I do? Do I continue even though I'm dying inside, or do I just get it over with? I've heard "it gets better" so many times. Why hasn't anything changed? But it's stupid that I would expect it to after only a few months.

What am I doing with my life? I just want attention. It's so shallow. Why should I care? But even if it's abusive attention, it's better than nothing. My family all say they love me, but why don't they reach out? Within 30 minutes of my second suicide attempt, no-one checked up on me or even messaged me. My sister and two of my brothers never said anything at all. My other brother talked for me for a few minutes after I reached out because he wasn't busy at the time. My parents just wanted me to go to the hospital so they could go to the gym instead of "looking after" me. What's wrong with me? Why am I so worthless? What did I do? Even as a child, I was literally forgotten until I pestered someone for a few minutes of them "caring".

What's up with the double standard? Whenever my siblings "succeed", they're praised and celebrated. When I do the same or better, I get a "Oh, well, good job, then." My mother told me that she had a miscarriage of a female baby between my older brothers (twins) and me. I'm MtF trans. **Why do I deserve that?** Why would you tell me that?

Because I excelled academically, I graduated high school early. When my brothers were 18, my parents had them start paying rent, since they'd graduated and could move out. I had to start paying at 16. I need that money to transition. I can't afford a lot of the stuff I need anyway.

I made all sorts of stupid, outrageous promises just to get people to look at me for a little while. Now I have to keep them. I don't want to, but at least that way someone might look at me, praise me, for a little while.

I'm lost. I want to try to OD again. I understand that I'll feel better in the morning. But that just feels fake. I don't want to be fake like that. I'd rather die than deceive myself.

Should I stop taking my medications? At least the voices in my head and the people who weren't there would pay attention to me. At least there was somebody who would talk to me. Do I want to lose myself like that? Do I want to risk that I might kill someone without realizing what I'm doing? I don't know. I guess I might as well try it before I kill myself. But I don't want to wait.

I don't even know why I'm posting this. I guess for some attention again.