How I feel right nowI’m just disappointed in myself, I’ve always hated myself. I grew up in a Christian family, it should comfort me and guide me through my life... but what should I do when the religion literally hates everything I am? Yes, I’m gay. I can’t stop it. I don’t want it. If I could fucking choose to be straight, I would. I fucking would. It’s easier, it doesn’t leave you to a life full of extra-extra 90% more pain promo. It doesn’t make your parents extremely disappointed, it doesn’t make your family disgust you, it doesn’t make God regret you. What does God think anyway? I don’t know. If I’ll go to hell for killing myself, I’m going to hell for being a homo. For being born loving other men. Literally that’s it. It doesn’t make me want to murder, well it does make me want to murder, murder myself. Because it’s so hard, so so hard.

Do you experience waking everyday, thinking how there’s a million shitty things you hate about yourself, and how you want it to end, how you want to be someone else? I hope it was just insecurity, but it isn’t. Did you experience your mother talking how homosexuality is a sin while you’re writing your suicide note? Did you experience how you just feel no one will accept you ever, not just because you’re gay, but just because of who you are? How you think you’re inadequate, shameful, sinful, ungrateful, hateful, fucking full of it. I, I don’t know any more.

I say I don’t want to be gay. Because I didn’t want it. I just am. I myself don’t think there’s anything wrong with it, but, who am I to judge? The world thinks it is wrong, so it must be. They say that  God hates it as if they were the prophets to God themselves. I am not an atheist, but I’m just being pushed away. I don’t want anyone to change who they are, but I just want people to stop hurting someone who’s done nothing wrong.

I’ve lived my life never giving myself a chance, so how could others? I’ve lived my life being so utter alone, even when there’s others around. I’ve spent my life being by myself because I know after all of this I’m the only one I’ll ever get... but in the end I don’t even like myself. I’m so selfish for doing this to anyone, I feel so bad because I just wanted, even just a little bit, to be myself. What myself is sinful. That’s what they said. Is it my fault, being born this way?

Does God hate me for making me like this, then sentencing me to death in the flames? To death inside because everyone outside there is rotting it? I don’t want to blame anyone, just myself, but I don’t know!

I really don’t want to do this, but, I really think it’s the only way. If I’m going to hell, why not do it now? Let’s not waste time. I’d just like to thanks those so few people that tried to help me, and to those many people who made me make my decision.
It breaks my heart for my mother to talk about stuff about the gay people. Like she asked me if I wanted to dress like a woman or that she won’t give me money for the purposes of homosexuality. Because gays need to pay men to actually get any sort of romance in their lives. It’s sad what lives we’re force to live just because of this. Being gay doesn’t mean you’re any different with anybody else, it just means you love men. Nothing else comes with it. If they want to dress like a woman, it has nothing to do with them being gay, it’s because they wanted to.

I never want to ridicule my mother, or anyone. I love her, very, very much. She told me she loved me. But I just can’t take it any more. I can’t.

I’ve lived like I’ve been no one all along, and now I’ve died as no one at all. Who cares if I die anyway? They won’t even probably notice I was gone.

All I’ve wanted, was to grow up as a normal person. Experience love and life like everyone else, be happy like everyone else. But why can’t I just be given that? What did I do to deserve this? Why was I made to feel like dirt? Why is it that everything I do is just wrong and everyone hates me for it? Why, why, why?

I’m still myself, and always have been. I’m just, gay. What changes about me?
I’m grateful for whatever anyone has given me. My family for the misplaced love they’ve given me, all the support, no matter how few, it was there. My family is really nice, actually, but they don’t deserve this. I thank my friends, who I never felt like were true. Some were there for me, but I just think a lot of my friends hate me too. Maybe I’m just the one thinking that, but no matter how many I talked to I still felt scared, and so very, very alone. Doing this is selfish, but it’s for the better. Don’t even bother wasting any more money that you already have. Just chuck my body into some river to rot, and let nature claim it. I would have been killed sooner or later by people who hate gays. Sorry, but I’m gay, and they just say that I’m worse than dirt.