Need advice for helping suicidal friendMy friend recently had a bad night. It was a party of friends and everyone was having a great time. Even he was, laughing constantly and having a blast. He was drinking a lot, and I mean a lot. A whole bottle of gin. I was throwing up in one bathroom and he was in the other when I heard the ambulance has been called because he's unresponsive. I was put to bed in my room and was being asked the occasional question because I know him best. Just stuff like address, family names etc.

Then I was called upstairs, still pissed out of my mind. My friend (let's called him Jack so to keep this somewhat confidential) was on the floor sat up head down and 2 sets of paramedics sat outside, who by the way were fuck awful help but we'll get to that.

He was in bad place, the worst I've seen anyone. He was crying and telling me he wanted to die. He said he has tried to kill himself 3 times already. He had told his mum and she put him in therapy, which he cried didn't help. He was saying all these things about moving abroad for a girl he loved before being forced to come home. He kept punching himself in the head and the things he told me keeps haunting me. I was also trying to unlock his phone to call his mum but it wouldn't work and the paramedics kept getting angry at me for not doing it.

The paramedics were asking to leave now he was stable and kept giggling to themselves which made things *worse*. More things happened like my other friend giving him some awful tough talk saying he wasn't special and everyone feels this way. And was angry because he said he planned to kill himself in our house, which I don't think is true, he'd never do that.

The police were called and he ran off from our house into the rain. My other other friend ran after him as I put on my trousers to help.
We found him in the rain still sobbing saying nothing is worth it after losing his girlfriend and other things.
The police showed up and helped a lot offering a ride home or to stay with us and went on their way after he agreed to come home with us.

He had sobered up at this point and talked more in detail about a lot of things like his dad being emotionally abusive and being a man's man. And more and more things. I have him some pain killers and we got him home via taxi.

That's basically the main points. This was 2 days ago and he's still not great. I think the drinking brought it out of him but the things he said have haunted me. I can't sleep and I can't stop thinking about it, I'm so stressed. I'm depressed myself and have thought of suicide but I'm mostly fine. I'm so out of my league and don't know what to do. Therapy didn't help him and his mum just cries, his dad won't even listen, I don't what to do to help.

He has hobbies, a degree he loves doing and lots of friends to help him but I don't know.

Please any advice will do.

I don't know if you do it on this sub, sorry, but here.
TLDR: 
Friend has attempted suicide 3 times and therapy and family can't help. And a night of drinking brought him to the brink. Just need advice.