Giving up at life because of loneliness.What do you do when you have everything except for the thing that matters the most?

When you thought you were fairly attractive, but slowly realize just how ugly everyone thinks you are.

When you are successful on your own, but work in an industry that is ridiculed and hated? While every step was mocked the entirety of the way and called "luck" when it worked. At every step.

When, do to socially failing at interviews, it was the only industry to work in? And you did wonderful in it. But when you bring it up to people they pity you and laugh and mark you as a failure.

When you try to date and everyone thinks you are unemployed and have no passions. Or an addict. Or delusional.

When you try to explain your circumstances and goals in life but are cast away for being ridiculous.

When having the success and resources to just do your hobbies every day turns into everyone thinking you are lazy and broke, purposefully avoiding you, and warning others about you. When you have all the time to date, pursue hobbies, support one another, and are shot down on the spot, at every turn.

And every day is just the same. Everyone constantly questioning and nitpicking every decision in your life. Waiting for the day you admit failure and to tell you "I told you so!". Withdrawing their support and love and warmth as punishment for living differently.

When nobody understands you, nobody cares to understand you, nobody gives you a chance, and they all think that you have failed.

The world is so large, so many things to explore, so many people to meet, so many things to do.

But it is suspicious of you, never ever giving a single benefit of the doubt, any deviation from conformity pounded away with a hammer. Until you give up.

Everyone so intent on taking your $. Fake friendships, fake people, fake everything, lying behind your back, scheming against you, smiling to your face. But you just want a hug. And that's the last thing they will give.

Not sure how much more it is possible to take.

But somewhere in the world is a person who would accept me. Somewhere in the world they are feeling the same. Somewhere in the world they are waiting for me. But the world is a big place. And we will never cross paths. Sometimes it is just to late.

Why can't something just kill me. Why do I have to go around in endless circles. Same thing, over and over. Over and over. All the time and ambition for the things that really matter, but wasted just sitting and stewing and rejected by everyone for the tiniest of differences. Hobbies become obsessions and mastery is construed as wasted time. Nothing left to do.

House is empty. Has 2 bedrooms for kids that will never be filled. Master bedroom that will forever just sleep one. And time keeps going. Vacations construed as "escaping". Hobbies and activities as wasting youth. 

Nothing left anymore. Except to lonely wander the possibilities of this life, always as an observer on the sidelines.