I Need It To StopTo say I'm really struggling is a huge understatement. I've been hostess to thoughts of killing myself off and on since I was a kid, mostly "on" for the past few years. 

Once when I was 10 and once within the past year at the ripe age of 35 were my only actual suicide attempts. I'm not among those who has ever engaged in active self-harm (cutting, etc). I suppose quitting necessary medication and avoiding medical care could be considered passive self-harm. I'm disappointed that I failed to end my life after my last attempt. I was pissed off to wake up on the other side of it because I was DONE. I have severe health problems and chronic pain in addition to bipolar disorder and I'm tired of fighting to just simply exist without purpose or any sort of quality of life. I refuse to "cope" in ways that are completely contrary to my natural temperament and personality.

I've been arguing with my therapist for months re: resuming medication. He says I'm losing it - rapid cycling will fuck anyone up (not in those words, exactly), I say "it" is already lost and fuckabuncha drugs that rack me out and make my carcass feel even shittier than it already does - the bipolar meds reduce my ability to physically function but without them, I want to die even more because I'm tired of crashing into a bottomless depression on top of everything else (but at least I have some "ups" rather than a steady state of "meh"). I'm still "unhappy" while on meds, just not inhabiting my currently self-destructive mental space. I feel so incredibly trapped by the totality of my life even on the best of days.

I'm damned if I do and damned if I don't. I'm so fucking tired in every possible way - physically, mentally, and existentially. I am stuck in an infinite loop and I only see one way out. Today is the worst it has been and attempting to distract myself only makes the suicidal ideas, hallucinations of my death and exit more intrusive and appealing. At the same time, these thoughts have taken on a life of their own and have become a beast I have very little agency over. Losing control over the ONE thing I felt I had control over has admittedly lead to a persistent sense of panic that further drives these thoughts. The infinite loop from the 9th circle of Hell.

I'm a nightmare to be around, thus I've completely isolated myself and get legitimately upset if people even talk about visiting or even try to speak to me. I go off the deep end and yell at them for no rational reason. I hate that I act this way but I don't want to hurt them by saying something awful so I keep them at a distance. I won't even talk to them on the phone anymore because I can't fake a halfway normal conversation (see: yelling).

I've gotten close to ending my life within the past couple of weeks and managed to "use my resources" as agreed upon with my therapist, aka contacted the local crisis hotline, but lead two separate conversations in circles for over an hour each and refused help/referrals. I'm not sure what I expected to gain from those exchanges. Perhaps I wanted there to be something I hadn't thought of or someone to tell me they're better at predicting my future than I am and that my predictions are incorrect.

I need a future that doesn't exist for me, or at the very least, help that I find logical and acceptable. This is not, nor will it become a reality in my lifetime. I can't live with myself and I can't fight this anymore. I'm exhausted.