Please help.ETA: Here is your TL;DR: I have tried everything you are probably going to suggest to help my situation improve--and am still doing those things every day--and none of it helps.  I'm writing this because I feel like I'm supposed to and that's about it.  I don't actually even expect anyone to respond or offer any kind of realistically helpful advice.  My apologies that the title is so dramatic.  I guess when I first started typing, I wasn't thinking about how it would sound.

...

I am not sure I can even get through this.  It's as though the minute I start typing or trying to verbally tell someone what is going on, the emotions inside me just shut the hell down and stop and it all momentarily turns off.  And I can't talk anymore.  

But, really, I am in so much pain, it is unbearable.  I am sort of sobbing right now and I feel this ache inside of me that is indescribable.

I have done *everything*.  You name it, I have tried it.  I have had countless therapists who tried all varieties of psychotherapy with me.  I tried therapy once per week, twice per week, once every other week, once a month.  I took hiatuses.  I did CBT, person-based therapy, spiritual therapy and even a whole DBT-focused program.  I did a specific, six-month group program for survivors of sexual assault.  Male therapists and female therapists.  In and out of network.  Near and far away.  Young and old.  

I have a psychiatrist.  Over a two-year period, I tried a total of sixteen different psych meds.  Absolutely nothing helped me.  We got through about four or five classes of drugs.  I am apparently super-incredibly medically/physically sensitive and could only take *half* the minimum dose of anything prescribed to me.  And even then, I still kept falling into the 1% of people who get the rare, freaky side effects of everything.  So for two years, while experimenting with pysch meds, I was basically just consistently sick as hell, always battling side effects and never able to keep myself healthy.  Meds do not work for me, period.

I was hospitalized and evaluated for depression and suicidal threats/ideation.  I had planned to kill myself and had gotten to the point of telling my then-therapist about what had been going on (I'd been hiding my plans) when he decided he couldn't really help me anymore and agreed I should seek treatment from someone else.  This is how I ended up in the hospital.  I met people I felt like I clicked with in-hospital, but... it was the fucking hospital.  

I live alone.  I have no S/O.  I do not fit in with my family, to the point where my own mother acknowledges it and cries on the phone, saying she wishes I wasn't so "different" from everyone else so that things weren't so hard on me.  I have been labeled everything from "Borderline" to highly sensitive".  I think deeply and am extremely conscientious and sensitive towards others as well as sensitive myself.  This has made it very hard to have interpersonal relationships and I find I am constantly disappointed in/afraid of people.  Which is exacerbated by the fact that I had *three* abusive relationships, one with a psychopath who sexually abused me on a daily basis for three years and who choked and suffocated me on a closet floor four months into our relationship.

Despite that (!), I have actually put a pretty huge effort into trying (unsuccessfully) to make friends and such.  I joined five meetup.com groups a few years ago and went to a ton of events.  When that didn't work, I formed my own meetup.com group and organized my own events.  That also didn't work.  I volunteered to do a social work program requiring training with a group of other volunteers from my county.  That didn't result in any friendships either, and the work itself was tough on my soul, so to speak.  I forced myself to be very active on Facebook despite hating it, and said yes to any social invitations I got, including every work gathering, party with acquaintances, etc.  I have done online dating via three different sites and forced myself to send emails out and go on dates when possible, even just to get out of the house.  I also regularly walk my dog, engage in community activities when I can and participate in family functions even though they are particularly hard for me to deal with.

None of it has helped, and I am alone and friendless and isolated anyway.  I do not feel like there is a single human being in my life who really knows me or understands me or wants to be a close friend to me, even.  I am tired of making huge, monumental efforts to strengthen existing relationships with acquaintances and/or start new friendships through all these social ventures.  All of it fails eventually.

I am so tired.  I have a very stable, steady career that I am fortunate enough to know will last me quite a while even in the shitty economy.  And though I don't make a ton of money by any means, I do okay for myself, especially without a spouse or kids.  However, my job is highly, highly demanding and stressful, and I often feel like I am drowning in the workload I have.  I do enjoy what I do, but lately I feel like the level of commitment required isn't something I'm sure I can keep doing.

I have used every single sick and vacation day available to me and had to fight to keep my hospitalization under wraps (for which I also needed to use sick days).  I do not feel, for example, as though I can honestly go into work tomorrow and perform up to par, but I cannot really stay home anymore either.  I do not know how I am going to make it much longer.

I feel like I should be in the hospital and my psychiatrist has gently pushed for me to go on short-term disability, but my budget is a little tight lately and I feel it would be career suicide to do that.  My job is not the kind where you can just up and take a break without serious consequences being attached.  My absence would have a domino effect on a lot of things and people.  I feel like if I were agree to be hospitalized again or went on short-term disability to get more treatment, that it wouldn't work anyway (because years of all the other stuff hasn't either) and I would have only risked my career as a result.  I could conceivably come back from disability with NO job and no insurance.

I am in my 30s.  My mom told me today in tears that these are supposed to be the "best" years of my life, and that she feels terrible for me that I am in so much pain.

I really do not believe it can get better.  

I have spent a significant portion of time researching suicide over the last two years.  I have some methods picked out.  I have been honing my emotions and gut to deal with it.  I keep trying to get myself the resolve to just go through with it already, but I can't handle the idea that my dog could just be given away to total strangers, so at the moment, that is the only thing keeping me here.  Period.

Sometimes I think about how, when my dog dies, I will absolutely and immediately kill myself.  I feel like it is the only goal I have anymore.

Every time I get the nerve to talk to someone about this stuff--which is rare anymore--the other person ends up acknowledging that I really, *really* have done All The Things you're supposed to do in these cases, and says something like, "I wish I could help" or "I wish there was something you hadn't tried that could work."  There is often an exasperated sigh at the end of these conversations now, as the other person realizes that nothing really has worked and there really is nothing they can do or suggest to help anymore.

My feelings of hopelessness are pretty much off the charts.

I don't so much want to die as figure out or somehow understand why I am here in the first place--it just seems like a complete glitch or mistake that someone with my sensitivity and inability to belong would even be born in the first place.  Like if I believed in a god, it would be the cruelest possible thing I could imagine a Him doing to someone--throwing them into a world like this, where they couldn't possibly handle it.

I do not know what to do.  I feel like I am choking on my own breath half the time.  I am sick of saying these things over and over.  