Surgery on Tuesday and I hope I don't wake upTuesday I'm having spinal fusion surgery. And I'm hoping more than anything I don't wake up from it. 

I feel like I'm a drain on my family since I don't have a job and cannot provide for them. All I produce is medical bills and anguish. 

Hell, we're still trying to pay off my medical bills from the time I was institutionalized and went through ECT for a few weeks. 3 I think... My memory is extremely fuzzy from that time period. 

I don't have a job any more... Lost that in February. I'm bringing in no money no matter what I try to do. I'm a decent writer but I can't seem to find any jobs doing that. I'm decent working with wood creating small crafts like cutting boards and home things like that. Although that's on hold while I have the surgery since I cannot lift the wood and such right now. 

So all I'm doing is creating more bills for my wife that we cannot pay anymore. I've tried getting a loan from my parents, but that has dried up since they've been buying my groceries for a while. 

When I get my kids on certain weekends (divorced visitation)!for now they need to live at my parents and visit me while I recover. So I won't get to see them too much. 

I'm physically handicapped because of my spinal problems - hopefully the fusion fixes it, but this is my third surgery in 3 years on the same disc. Because it's Degenerative or something like that. 

I'm mentally handicapped because I suffer from bipolar, ocd, depression, hypo mania, suicidal and homicidal ideals, anxiety, and who knows what else at this point. My brain is so fucked up I don't think it really works right anymore. 

I don't sleep anymore because of the anxiety of the money issues compounded with the surgery. And the pain from my herniated disc and sciatica keeps me up also at night. So I operate on about 2 hours of sleep a day... Which I have xanax for but that only helps sometimes. 

I just want to cease to be. I don't want to wake up from the surgery. I have no prospects of a job after I recover. I don't think I'll be able to make the mortgage this month. I don't even known if I'm going to be able to feed my family this month. So fuck it. Take me away. Put me under and don't bring me out. I'll be getting a crap ton of vicodin after the surgery... 10-325's.  I could take 9 of them, maybe 10 and that'll work. Pretty simple. 

That with the xanax and the sleeping pills and the Gabapentin. A cocktail of that should work. If the Dr's let me life Tuesday. I wonder if I begged and pleaded with one of the nurses she'd give me the means to off myself. 

I can write a quick will - I may have one already. Its not like I have much of value anyways. My son can have my car and tools. My daughter can have my computers and tablets. And the other misc crap can be decided equally. My small 401k goes to my wife. That will help with some bills. And hey, maybe she can sue the hospital for a wrongful death suit or something. YEAH! There we go.  That'll get her some money and she'll be set for life. She's smart with a budget. She can do it. 

I just need to cease to be. How hard can that be?

Hopefully this is goodbye to a fucked up world that screwed me over at every chance it got. Fuck you world! You don't get me to push around anymore. Hahaha! Maybe I'll fucking win for once. 