The world works in such mysterious ways...It's late. I tried to sleep, but something deep inside me didn't really want me to. I can't control my thoughts when I'm asleep. The night terrors I've been having recently are enough of a deterrent to keep me from wanting to shut my eyes. So I lay there, staring at the ceiling, eyes fixated upon the bright lights, pitying my situation, trying to figure out why karma is such a bitch to me when I feel like I do everything I can to be a good person. Whats the point in being good, when you just get taken advantage of?

The light burns out. Sitting here, contemplating giving up, I watch the very same bright light I've been aimlessly staring at for the last 10 minutes give up right in front of me. "How appropriate" I think while sitting in the darkness, "this light burns bright for me every single day, but not once have I actually appreciated it and all it does for me, and so, it gives up".

Now, I'm not a religious man, but seriously, this is not the best time for this god damned light to burn out. What are you trying to tell me, light? Should I give up too? I'm sorry, light, for not paying more attention to you. I miss you. It wasn't til you left that I realized how much you did. If I left, would they miss me? Would they realize all the good things I did for them? Is that what it takes to be appreciated?

The light flickers a bit and then reignites. Am I seeing shit? It is late after all, I haven't slept much this last week, as the night terrors have kept me from it. But no, sure enough, through some resilience of its own, that very same light that I watched burn out right in front of my eyes is now shining as bright as it was a few minutes ago. Oh light, I wish I knew what you were trying to tell me. I hope you know that just because I don't always acknowledge it, doesn't mean I don't appreciate all that you do for me. I'm happy you're back, and more importantly, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry because I need you more than you need me. There's nothing I can think of that I can do for you that will make you as happy as you make me light, and for that I apologize. I want to truly thank you. Thank you for being there to light the way for me. You've done so much more for me than perhaps you even know of, light. In the few moments that you left me, you taught me a lot. I need you more than you need me, light. But you came back. Maybe because you knew how much I needed you? Some people need me more than I need them. I don't want to give up on them. I will shine for them, and maybe one day, someone will shine for me.

Thanks for not giving up on me, light.