What to do when you need to fill a prescription for actionable love and it's always out of stock?I have multiple invisible physical and mental illnesses and disorders that I have been diagnosed with by medical professionals and have had the majority of my life since I was a toddler. I'm currently 27. My entire family has various conditions as well. I wrote out a suicide note for the first time yesterday despite having experienced suicidal ideation very frequently. I told myself it was for the hopeful catharsis. I've reached a point where I feel like I cannot lie to myself anymore. I do not have health insurance. I do not have access to resources. I cannot work or attend school because of my challenges and am fully 100% financially dependent on my parents. 

Everyone in my family has specifically expressed that I am crazy, lying or lazy or all of the above. 

What do you do when talking to anyone does not help because what you need are words that accompany actions from those you love that you will never receive even after directly behind for them? I hold out every day hoping that they're wrong. That I'm wrong and I don't know how much more hope I can muster. I feel like I've used up my time. Comorbidity is a bitch. I reach out and come down the mountain with these big blocks of text "I'm fucking sad and want to die," but there is no release. At the end of it - every single one of my problems is still staring me in the face and it's just circular. I have zero confidence in myself. I hate myself. I hate who I am. I have never felt loved unconditionally except by my pets. I have never been in a relationship where I didn't feel like I was their secret because I either wasn't good enough to be their partner or they were embarrassed of me. I'm not not the kind of person to put a bandaid on what feels like the titanic. I hate to waste time and I feel like an ultimate waste of space.

Bipolar I with near constant psychotic features despite what kind of episode I'm in. OCPD. CPTSD. OCD. Panic Disorder. Anorexia. Agoraphobia. JRA. 8 major and minor concussions. Severe insomnia. Various other symptoms and problems that have become worse since losing access to health insurance which includes frequent fainting/falling, sudden racing heartbeat and vertigo. These could be linked to the JRA, but since I have not been able to get to a rheumatologist since they became an issue - I don't know. All these things together make me feel like I've got every card stacked against me there's a big ass deck that can always be drawn from the keep me down. All of this makes me feel very alone. Very, very alone and unloved. I don't think there is any more I can do. I honestly don't even know what I hope to get from reaching out here on Reddit. I'm a lurker. I say words don't do shit for me anymore and yet here's my own to match Ninety-five Theses.