I thought it might be helpful to share my JournalI started writing after reading though the journals of Joseph Goebbels. He wrote about his disability and depression and I found it comforting to know that someone else dealt with the same struggles. My hope was that I could do the same for someone else. My entries get more extreme as time goes on.

3/10/2017 - I have reached the end of a period of great emotional termoil, academic setback has hit me hard

3/14/2017 - Many around me are strugging with  school, I spend more time worrying about their grades than my own. success is hollow if those around you fail.

3/21/2017 - I must pay for the failures of others as usual.

3/25/2017 - I spent 9 hours making a game in visual basic, its about the Syrian civil war.

3/28/2017 - Failer

4/5/2017 - The massive increase in civilian casualties in Mosul is either the result of Trump's policy changes or the battle itself, only time will tell.

4/7/2017 - I am being suffocated by the monotony of my own life. Their is no point in anything. Others just use me as they please. Everyone around me thinks they are superior to everyone else. We are at war and no one cares. I don't know what is happening anymore I am lost.

4/8/2017 - Current events depress people so they pretend nothing is happening instead of trying to fix anything.

5/8/2017 - I have searched for meaning from many but all I get are empty platitudes and contradictory advice.

5/27/2017 - Class is over, I got 100% on my English final. Their has been another terrorist attack and the world went into it's usual apoplectic rage.

2/18/2018 - It has been a long time since I've written. Their was another shooting in a Florida Highschool. It's all the same shit, people react in the exact same way. Talking about how addressing their pet issue would have prevented it. It's all just virtue signaling and dirty politics. No one cares least of all me, I fear I may do something I regret. I think of harming myself and others. I fear my dreams.

3/4/2018 - I try to talk with others. They just make it worse. Deaf ears and blind eyes. I don't know why I do anything, the best life I have is in fantasy. I dream about things I can never have. I don't know what to think or feel about anything. All people do is make you feel guilty for your own depression. My mind races as I try to sleep. Things look so grey, I don't know if I shall ever be with another with another person. I am alone, afraid of people, afraid of fear. Others seem happy enough, I don't know if it's better to think that everyone else is happy of they are just as miserable. Things are getting harder. I don't know why I write. Is is possible another may read this, if so I hope it brings them something. 

3/5/2018 - The road ahead is long and unclear it feels like I cannot get through college fast enough. Their are fundamentally two career choices in life. Bridge building and bridge designing. I am someone with the intelligence of a builder who believes he is entitled to a job designing.

7/15/2018 - It has been a while since I have written. Life has no direction. I feel hollow and envious of those around me. I am going nowhere slowly. My Grand Father has passed. I drive his car, it feels wrong to pick over a dead man's things but I guess he doesn't need it. Things are falling apart. I am being slowly strangled into submission. I don't know what's a mistake and what's responsible. They all seem happy enough.

6/14/19 - I never wanted an answer I just wanted to know I wasn't alone. What did I do wrong.

6/18/19 - How could such a large system be so incompetent. It couldn't, it was created with malice of forethought to serve the interest of the state.

7/1/19 - I used to imagine living in a small apartment I can't afford, commuting to a job I hate, Spending my free time with a bottle. Now if I cannot pass a background check even that life is to ambitious.

7/2/2019 - I want everything to stop.