I'm back again.I'm back to wanting to die. 

I had a respite for a couple of months, but I knew it'd only be a matter of time. 

Back to a time where my mental illness drove everyone away. I'm so mean. I'm so careless. I'm lazy. I'm useless.

It's always been this way. I remember wanting to die when I was 5 years old. My life has been nothing but hell after hell after hell. 

Some people have all the luck? 

Well, the opposite is true too.

I'm sick of being a burden. I want to die before my friend's kid gets old enough to truly feel the impact. 

My family doesn't give a fuck about me, they never have. Always reminding how worthless I am. How dumb and useless I am.

My health is a god damn joke. Sure, I'm ok RIGHT now, but I have a history of cysts on my ovaries. I have one cyst in each of my breasts. I've got a pending diagnosis of MS. 

I smoke cigarettes to quell my anxiety. Whenever I try to quit my moods get so out of control, I flip out.  Lost many people due to my behavior when I'd quit smoking.

I'm tired of not being in control of my emotions. 

I'm barely a disaster away from financial ruin and absolutely NO support.

My family doesn't love me. I don't have any real friends. 

Sick of being jealous all the time. 

Sick of seeing a little girl somewhere and seeing her parents take care of her and wondering why mine neglected me and treated me so bad.

Why did they choose themselves over me? Why did I get dragged through the mud?

They ruined me. Psychologist tells me not to be angry....

Do you know anything about early brain development? Those formative years are CRUCIAL to your overall health throughout your life. Add some sexual abuse, neglect, emotional and physical abuse into the mix and you've just ruined someone for life. 

There is no going back. There is no fixing it. Get on some meds to make you happy. 

"Do something that makes you happy"

I've never been happy. I've never been good at anything. Any hobbies I try to cultivate, I fail miserably. I'm not having fun. I want to be good. I want respect. I want to be loved.

Loved is the last thing I'll ever be. I've never been loved by anyone. And I never really will be. 


I wish I could just jump off the ledge now. Preferably a gun to blow my brains out. Because, really...it's this fucking brain.


There is no such thing as hope for me. I am a fuck up. Pure and simple. No one wanted me and no one ever will. If your own mother and father and cousins and grandparents can't even love you when you're a child....Who the fuck is going to love you and care for you as an adult?

Besides the fact that I trust no one. Fuck it. I'm over. Can't wait until this depression pushes me all the way down. Maybe this time, I'll actually go through with it.