To the one quietly contemplating what he would miss.I was like you once. 
I had no vision of any overseable future. I was blind to life and what it presented me with. I was depressed and apathic, nihilisticly searching for a way out.
I went through the motions every day. I forced myself out of bed in the morning. Usually i overslept with a few hours but luckily very few people could step into my shoes at work, so it was tolerated. I went to work and collapsed on the bed when i got home. I saw no point in the totality of my neverchanging excistence and i wanted to die. I wanted cancer, i wanted it to end.
And at the strangest times, your wish is often granted.

A day at the doctor reveiled an abnormality in a lymphenode.
I was admitted to the cancer treatment hospital for an operation and released a few days later. 
Nothing to write home about really, but my belief in a pointless existence had been rocked as i started to realize id be dead at the age of 25 if this was a hundred, maybe even 50 years ago. Contemplating these things i started with time to realize id actually miss the small things in life if i died.

I would never have felt the sun on my face again, the wind pulling at my clothes. The snowstorms chilling my bones and stabbing my cheeks.

I would never again have eaten a pancake with shugar.

Never smelt the clean air after a thunderstorm.

Id never again see a lovely girl walking in a bikini at the beach.

Never again hear the birds chitter over the mountain stream quietly dancing through the meadows.

And so, these thoughts started to condense, and i came to the conclusion that the things i would miss were not specific to, say, the pancake. I would miss the very basic action. The seeing, hearing, feeling, tasting and smelling. I would miss my senses.

And thus i knew why i was alive. I knew the essence of my existence.
With this epiphany, a new kind of sense came into being, a combination of them all. It can be described as nothing else than, The experience. 
I could suddenly stop when it came over me and just be. Just feel the experience of receiving input through the senses. It was exhilarating.
Sitting on a bench in a town square. Riding a roller coaster, walking in the woods. All the things that would challenge my senses and push them further than before.
And my wish for death slowly started to melt away.

But wishes granted are often granted with a two barreled shotgun, to use a different cliche than the double edged sword one.

The cancer of course was back and got a real grip this time. I was granted my wish and i could never take it back.

I was admitted again the same day it was discovered and scheduled for a 4 hour open surgery the next day. 
After not eating for a day and drinking lots of foul tasting, bowel emptying juices the surgeon came to see me to explain what he was going to do.
They were going to go inn through my stomach muscles up under the rib cage and remove 13 of the worst affected lymphnodes in my thorax.

I was given a pill to daze me for insertion of some kind of coma inducing dripper into my spine. I believe coma is preferred during these operations over drugs that shut down your nerves. I dont even remember counting backwards before the void claimed me for the first time.

And then my world exploded. 
I was wide open from my pelvis to my ribcage. I was mangled, and the pain was like a perfect storm. The one that lifts you off your feet and slams you into the wall. The one that rips trees from the ground and grinds your very soul to cinders. I was dying and it couldnt come fast enough.

Two hands appeared at my side. They were female and very pretty. The nails were cut short and had no nailpolish. They were covered in a brownish residue. The skin was smooth but the folds around the joints were prominient. It was the hands of a 40 year old woman. It never occurred to me to look up. All that existed through the storm where those hands and the needle they were injecting into a plastic tube hanging next to my head.
And so i vanished into the darkness, and hoped i would not remember this where i was going next.

I was floating in nothing, and there was something familiar with the interruptions in my existence. Sounds it had been called. Voices dawned on me and i knew that was it. Far away voices were talking. A male and a female. It was crude and gutteral. Ugly cracks in silence. 
I shut them out and the void reclaimed me to take me to my next existence.

There is something strangling me I realized waking up. I wanted to tell the voices, but i couldnt speak. I wanted to wave to get their attention, but i couldnt move.
I had no influence on this world. I was a rock drowning in a river. I was alone.
A constant high pitched tone started up in the distance. The current swept me away and the void reclaimed me to take me to my next existence.

This one will be better i thought, and decided try life again. 
Are you ok? Someone asked me. I was in the recovery ward and the storm had abated
I still couldnt move, but i was able to open my eyes.
This is progress, i remember thinking. I am luckier than the last time i lived...

After recovering from the operation i was placed on a chemo therapy that lasted for 3 months. At the start i thought nothing much of it, but i soon deteriorated into a quivering shadow of what i once was. I was hooked up to the rat poison every weekday, but the Thursdays were the worst. Two nurses and a doctor usually came visiting with a bag wrapped in aluminium foil carried on a tray. They were all wearing gloves and masks. 
Thursdays i wanted to live more than any other day of the week.

I used to love the nights back then. I do to this day actually. They were free of the poison and it was bliss. 
All the tubes and wires were disconnected and i felt like pinochio turning into a real boy. If i was drugged enough i could almost remember being alive. I could almost remember that i once could walk for a mile. That i could laugh and run, jump and climb a tree. Almost alive...somewhere

There was a room on the ninth floor with some couches, chairs and a tv where four patients used to sit and not talk. The tv was never on.
They would stare at me and nod when i entered, but never say anything. I dont think they even knew each others names. But they seemed as close as any friends could ever get. I enjoyed their company even though they were 40 years older than me. Age didnt seem to matter, we were all here and there was nothing to say.
I started to frequent this room more and more as time passed. Everywhere else there were people wanting to talk or look, encourage or pity. 
It was disgusting and I hated them all.

About 6 weeks had passed and a blessed night came again. I quietly walked through the corridors until a man came up to me. It was the first male nurse i had seen since i was admitted. I hadnt thought of it before, but this work place was really dominated by women. He had made me cereal with milk; one of the few things i could swallow without puking back up.
There is plenty of shugar he said, smiling as he handed me the bowl. Not waiting for a thank you, he turned and left. He'd seen the night walkers before and knew what was coming.

The bowl was heavy and i knew i couldnt carry it far so i headed for the stairs leading up to the 9th floor. At the first step i knew i wouldnt be able to climb them this night. 
I had always liked sitting in stairs for some reason and found a sort of poetic beauty in having this meal here. The stone was cold and i sat down with the bowl in my lap. I had to spent a few moments getting my breath back.
Being able to bend down to sit is something you might not cherish. But once you loose it, you realize its immense value.

Dark empty halls seemed to stretch for an eternity. Nothing outside mattered or was even real anymore. These halls were the world i knew now, the foundation of my existence. 
I started eating my cereals, letting go of one piece of my past for each bite. Grinding the memories as i chewed.

Chomp, i was climbing in a tree. I could see to the end of the world, i could climb into the sky. 

Chomp, i was on a swing with Eve. We were weightless, we were flying. She was laughing and i shared in her laughter.

Chomp, i was riding a bike. I was going faster than i had ever thought possible. No runner could ever catch up with me.

Chomp, I was walking to school. I was curious of what would come. Excited of what we would learn.

Chomp, I was landing my first heelflip on a skateboard. I was proud, i was admired by others. i was accepted.

Chomp, I was riding a moped. I could go wherever i wanted, i was free.

Chomp, I was running through the woods with an ag3 automatic rifle. I was in a brotherhood. I was defending a nation.

Chomp, I was at a party, talking to... Kristin... I was in love. 

Tears started streaming down my face as she vanished, but there was no going back and i continued eating.

Chomp, I was on extacy at a rave. The beats vibrated through the air that surrounded me. I was a spiral galaxy, i was dancing flame. 

Chomp, I was being told i had cancer. I was speechless.

Chomp, i was walking into a small room of people with strange eyes on the ninth floor. I was missing something important.

Chomp, I was handed a bowl of cereals from a smiling man. I was grateful. 

Chomp, i was siting down on stone steps. I was sitting.

Chomp, i was eating cereal, I was eating.

Chomp, i am chewing. I am the sum of my experiences and memories. I am old.

My whole life had vanished as i finished my last meal. A calm feeling of being whole came over me and i was ready.
I sat the bowl down, closed my eyes and then i died.


"You cant sleep here" the male nurse told me. "Your immune system is nonexistent and these steps are cold. Lets get you back to bed." 
And that is how my next existence started.

I was hollow for a long time after that. It was like sensing through a veil. Like listening to voices from under water. Everything was far away and i was looking at reality from outside.

Time passed and i went again to the room on the ninth floor. There were three now.
They nodded as i entered but seemed to look at me differently, recognizing something.
And suddenly i saw what they had always said as it echoed in my mind; "We, who are about to die, salute you." 
And they were right; We were gladiators, we were fighters and we had all been sentenced to die. 
But each moment we had was a treasure more precious than any earthly riches. We had nothing we could loose, nothing we could want, nothing that could ever be taken away from us. Our life, our thoughts, our actions and opinions were no ones but our own. By letting go of everything, we had gained something new. 
A new beginning, where each experience is a separate existence. 
Like an eternal supply of white paper and colored pencils.

We had gained life.

And so i write this post, not only to free myself from previous battles and to wake again to a new existence. But to tell you that in your next existence, you will one day wake up and realize it is all better, that today is a good day.

I promise.

