I just don't know anymore.First off, I'd like to mention: there's a very big chance that I'm not actually going through on my suicidal thoughts, so if another person needs the help more, help them instead. 

That being said, I'm faced with a sudden realization. In this very moment, I have absolutely no desire to be alive. Why? I have no idea. I was diagnosed as bipolar last year (I'm 18 now), but I recently found out that was a phony shrink, so I'm not sure about it anymore. I'd be willing to say I still believe the diagnosis, because even my friends say my mood swings are a lot worse than what would be expected - but I really don't know.

Objectively, I have a terrific life. I go to a relatively high-end school, money isn't really a problem, I get decent grades and until recently I had I lovely girlfriend. This, apparently, is not enough to keep me from thinking about suicide, or even attempting suicide, as I've done twice in the past. I don't know what is to stop me from actually doing it. I don't even know why I feel so depressed. 

My now ex-girlfriend and I had planned a life (early for two 18-year olds, we know... But we both knew the chances of us ever finding another person, were slim to none). We were going to get married, have kids, live in the suburbs and be happy. Then her father went back to his old abusive habits and started beating my girlfriend and her mother. I tried to help, but he had ruined her view of men completely, and she broke up with me. We tried being friends, but yesterday she wrote a text to me, which simply read: "it's too late" - I didn't know what she meant, but I haven't been able to get a hold of her since. She moved away from her father not too long ago, so I can't even go to her to make sure she's okay, or even alive. This isn't good for me.

I've also been facing a lot of stress in school. I recently handed in a paper that is going to decide whether or not I go to college, and in all honestly, I think I'm going to fail. This isn't good for me.

I went out with my friends the other night trying to have fun. It ended up being a dramatic disaster, and everybody disliked everybody. This isn't good for me.

I know the sidebar says "no tough love", but I feel like a monster for feeling so terrible, when I have such a good life - so if tough luck is what's needed to acknowledge my suffering, then by all means, tear me to shreds. 

I just want my happiness back. I fear if I can't get that, I will end my life. It's a terrible idea, but it's the only surefire way to make me stop feeling like a worthless twat/cunt/asshole etc.

PS. if this is jumbled and hard to read, I apologize - I'm very upset right now, so I just write what's on my mind.