I really don't know if I should tell my friend this.So I'm a senior in high school, going to graduate tomorrow. This year has been really tough for me. So much homework and expectations from my parents mixed with work and sports wore me out. For the past few months, I haven't been able to do homework. It woulod get to the point where I would curl up on the floor and just cry. I would often think about hurting or killing myself, but not really planning how. Besides when I was in school, I would think during class about all the places I could potentially jump off of. Furthermore, I've always had sort of this fear that my friends and other people I know will just stop talking to me one day or they'll be mad at me for some reason. This has gotten worse since graduation is coming up.

----My best friend (who is a girl, I'm a guy) knows everything I've said so far, besides specifics about harming myself.---

Now here is where I need advice. Most of these feelings of fear of people being mad at me are from my best friend. Anytime she doesn't text me back, or doesn't say hi to me or someting, my mind goes strait to "oh she's annoyed with me" or something like that. It's driving me insane. I don't know If I should tell her this or not.

In case you were wondering, I do have feelings for her. We've been good friends for about 3 years and I have been friendzoned by her before. We hung out last Sunday, and we had a good time and we cuddled 'n' stuff. But then we had a campout for with our senior class on Tuesday, and I had lots of issues with the above problems the entire time. Her and I talked about a little bit at the campout but I had very little fun the entire time. She doesn't seem the same towards me after this campout. I really feel like I wrecked something between us that night, and it's all my fault. I basically forced myself to have a bad time and now it's tearing me apart. 

She will be calling late tonight because I basically begged her to. I told her I need to talk about something  before I do something stupid (I meant hurt myself, but I didn't tell her that). What I really need to talk to her about is basically this whole deal and I don't know if I should tell her that many of my anxiety issues are from worrying if she'll still care about me in the morning. I didn't lie to her when I said I might do something stupid, though.

Sorry if my thoughts seem a bit scattered. Writing was one of the classes I didn't do too good in... But I am starting to feel a lot better even after typing this out.