Life feels like the energizer bunnyIt just keeps going and going and going...

I started thinking about suicide in my early adolescence, which was a little over a decade ago now. My parents divorced about a year later and it turned into an obsession that is always on my mind. Every day I think about it, some days the whole day, some days are relatively happy (not recently, but there were some a year ago and some a few years before that) and it just creeps in once or twice, but it's been a daily part of my internal monologue every day for the decade plus since my parents divorced. I used to be 98&amp;#37; sure I would, but a few years ago I got to know someone dealing with his sister's suicide a few years after the fact and I realized that I could never do that to my brother. I guess this was a good thing to learn. 

I still don't want to live. I wish I had no attachments and could end my life without traumatizing anyone. But I can't kid myself on that. The thing is it's still a constant nagging impulse in my head and I think I've basically channeled it into not taking care of myself. I don't exercise, I binge drink pretty constantly, and I haven't seen a doctor in many years. All this is I think is in the hopes that instead of actively killing myself I could accelerate my own natural decline and check out from complications related to diabetes or heart disease or cancer or whatever eventually happens to a body that you never take care of. 

And in the past years my health has declined. Like, not imminently dying declined but  I've developed a lot of chronic issues that inflict a lot of pain on me on a daily basis. I don't see any end in sight but my life has become significantly harder to deal with than it was before given the chronic pain and discomfort that I deal with in a number of parts of my body and psyche.

And that's pretty much where I am right now. I still am very conscious of the real, incomparable, irreversible way that suicide destroys the existence of the people left behind and I'm still completely unwilling to kill myself, despite it being always at the forefront of my mind nowadays. But that said I really haven't mustered up the courage to go to a doctor (not that I could afford long\-term treatments of chronic diseases if I have them, and some things are definitely, consistently wrong with my health). I have never been more depressed than I am now. I had a very supportive significant other who I still love with all my heart, but I reacted to her own, distinct mental health issues (paranoid delusions that were always 'off' but have grown dramatically and increasingly interfere more and more in our relationship and other aspects of our lives) by cutting off everyone else who was important to me outside of my family and now I just don't have anyone that I can talk to about this stuff.

Most of all, I feel like a twisted, sick individual, and one of the many reasons I hate myself are all the thoughts I've expressed here. I get chest pains sometimes and I get so happy deep down thinking that it might finally be the day, but when I stop to actually acknowledge that this stuff goes on in my head I hate myself. I hate the sick, twisted shape my psyche has taken over the years that I have continually made conscious choices to allow to fester inside me and grow worse and worse. It feels like my body in a lot of ways. Worst of all, I feel like people in my work and family and my relationship see and get on some level or another that something is very wrong. I feel like I pretend to be someone with long\-term plans and a confident, happy attitude, but a vague hint of what I really feel shows through.

Thanks for listening. If you're thinking about doing what I have been doing and just start neglecting your health in the hopes that it'll crap out on you, don't. It just makes stuff harder, and it really doesn't need to be harder.