I wish you could give me the time of day,My life has been on a steady downward spiral since 2009(was not great before that either). I don't want to say to much. But essentially things only get worse. I cant remember a time I truly felt safe and happy. I am only twenty-one(female) and the recent (and not so recent events) lead me to feel I have no options. As much as I want to be happy and just enjoy even the small things in life, I cant anymore.  I am the type of person to think things out and try and find that little bit of hope, but I just don't see it this time. Going through constant heart break between ptsd, panic disorder, bipolar diagnoses and numerous family members getting cancer, and other family members dying, having flashback from the rape, feeling so unworthy(layers upon layers of things). I've become mostly numb because of it. For a while numb was good, numb was great. I didn't have to feel. I felt almost as if I had a super power I didn't have to feel like others did. Nothing could hurt me, But then you start to realize its even worse. You lose all ambition, all taste for life. Suddenly everything is just empty. I have been empty for three years straight now. I have felt this way time to time  being bipolar but never have I experienced such misery every second of the day for so many years without even a moment to breathe. I don't know how I am still standing. I have no means of therapy, school, or hope. ( i wish it was as easy as get a job but because I need a therapist at the same time to mentally handle it long term) I now find myself in position I see no way out of. I had a second miscarriage this month and I feel as if it is the last straw I can handle. Everyone who I felt connection to and reached out for help from recently basically told me they are to busy. All I wanted was a hug someone to cry on and listen to me for a few moments.  Instead I have no choice but to continue be numb because my body couldn't handle feeling this way anymore. I internalize everything, I just continue to stand here as life passes me by. I tried so hard, I wanted things to be better. I know I have fucked up a lot. I shouldn't have ruined everything.