I feel so stuck and alonesooooooo im not one of those people who really cares about punctuation when im not in a good mood so im sorry about that. Im a 20 year old male, for all my life ive been having problems with IBS but about 2 and a half years ago i started getting cramps all the time and feeling sick always so i went to the doctor, who put me on sick leave from work. I had to do tons of tests for a specialist to get checked for chronz and colitis, they thought they found colitis at one point but eventually about 3 months ago i started to drop weight like crazy (im 5'7 and weighed 110 (still super low i know)) i went down to 87 pounds and went to the hospital. I had to do tons of tests there, found out i dont have colitis and went on TPN and was force fed till i was like 94 pounds then they sent me home, im now stuck at 100 and they said i should get to lke 130-140. now from being sick i cant leave my house other than for short walks so i have almost no social life, over the years ive just i guess lost contact with all my friends and i cant make new ones without going out, i live with my mom and grandma, who neither of them work, so im around them all day and it really gets on my nerves sometimes! the only people i see are my friend mike but he comes MAYBE for 1 hour every few weeks, and my girlfriend (ill get more into things about her in a bit) bit i see her anywhere from 1-3 times a week but only usually for a few hours. shes 18 years old but has very strict parents so she can't spend the night. so basicly im just alone all the time feeling sick. how i feel physically is directly linked to how im feeling emotionally. i feel so stuck because im always sick , so i cant feel happy... so i cant feel well...? its not really a medical thing that can be fixed with drugs or anything, as i gain weight the problems are getting less frequent so thats the supposed plan to get better (just keep eatin and gaining weight) when i was younger i was put on anti depressants but i hated them so much, they made me feel like a robot, and i dont feel like i did then i was sad for no reason, and i learned how to get over that kind of feeling easily, thers just so many problems right now. Literally my life right now is about eating. i wake up and have to force myself to eat breakfast (i start at 9 and it could go till 11) then almost right away its another meal, and the whole time its super hard because im either cramping, or feeling sick in some way (often just dizzyness and i dont know why) how can i ever expect to get bigger so that i can go see my gf, and make new friends. but my life being about food is horrible and i cant stand it. all this is making me and my gf fight because shes been waiting so long for me to get better, i feel like i never will so whats the point anymore? i looked through comments of other stories and its the solution is often to go socialize and make friends... honestly thats like half the reason i hate life these days is because i cant! im the kind of person who loves being around friends almost all the time, even if im playing on the computer i wanna have a friend playing xbox next to me! i try to have that sort of friendship with my girlfriend because were so close but she cant come over often and she cant stay over (she lives a 2 hours away each way by bus and doesnt drive... and i cant drive because i get sick randomly). my gf is also depressed and has a million problems of her own and i dont want to tell her, im close with my mom but i really dont want to talk about all this with her again shes well aware of the issues. on top of all that stress i cant talk to my dad anymore (parents are split) he is the most racist, sexist, homophobic, angry person ever, literally he will fight me about nothing. my brother who is 30 is the same, he came over the other night and said to me "is that all u can eat for dinner? ur a piece of shit, why do u even bother eating? you should just let yourself die. why dont u? srsly . answer me why dont u?" and honestly i couldnt answer him... Obviously i shouldnt be around the kind of person who would say that kind of thing to me, but i cant really get away from my brother.. hes crazy, my mom had a restraining order on him for years, hes calmed down a bit but if i said to him not to talk to me, my family would be in danger. so we just are nice to him lol. i probably am forgetting a lot of important things that are making me feel down but ive been typing for a long time and in the middle of it was on the phone with my gf but i duno, i find myself constantly in the back of my mind secretly trying to figure out what would be the fastest easiest way to kill myself, i make plans in my head bfore i go to sleep almost every night, but i dont wanna tell anyone because suicide watch sounds shittier than my super restricted life already is. i just dont know what to do because i dont wanna tell anyone but i fear im coming too close to doing it