Well, I’m out of options.Went to college when I was too immature to do so, and have flunked ~30% of my courses since 2nd year. First year I did great because my girlfriend at the time hyper organized my life for me and I wanted to impress her so I busted my ass. That’s the last time I ever saw a 4.0. I found her in bed that summer with our roommate, and that crushed me. Obviously I left her after that, but losing that once source of organization I had created disastrous consequences, as I moved in with a friend who was in my classes, but far away from school. I figured GREAT, well both go in the morning together and keep each other focused. Unfortunately he didn’t give 2 fucks about school and I started skipping as well. Without his car it was a 35 minute bus ride at best, so on days with bad weather I started to skip as well.

 After that I knew I should leave, but couldn’t get a job better than minimum wage because I don’t own a car. And had t considered the military/AF/Navy at the time. 

I’m About to flunk another 2 course this week. I’m now about to finish my 5th year with a 2.5gpa and still 5 credits shy of finishing my degree. I FUCKING HATE my degree, but I was to busy being depressed to do anything productive about it. Now I’m stuck with an irredeemable grade in a field I want nothing to do with (finance) got get me wrong, I used to find the market very exciting, but accounting makes me want to blow my head off and more accounting is used than i know what to do with.

I was supposed to be able to do anything, I had 148 IQ (clearly not anymore) was the varsity captain of 2 high school sports teams that won multiple state/provincial championships, finished in the top 1% in national math contests, got a 1560 on the SAT’s without studying, the world was my oyster. Only caveat was a bad case of ADHD.

My dad always paid for things for me (for necessities, I’ve had a job to support myself/living arrangements since I’ve been 14), and while he’s a great guy and I love him dearly, he was never around, I saw him maybe 3 days per month. Why is this significant? Because my mother is a chronically depressed, bipolar disorder career failure (and she might even be smarter than me) . So I spent most of my childhood with my mom in bed until 4-5 pm at which point she would grab a bunch of food and sit in front of the TV. I had to learn how to cook my own meals at 6 year old, and for no reason, we weren’t even poor, (thanks to the divorce settlement).

She was incredibly emotionally abusive my whole life growing up, and I didn’t want to be anything like her. I was way to embarrass to ever have friends over because there would always be stacks of dirty food containers everywhere and she’d go days, sometimes weeks without showering. It really emotionally stunted me, as i always felt inferior to other kids, no matter how good my life was. Super glad I picked up all of her traits anyway (except for how I treat people, that’s the one thing that’s different).

Got involved with some stupid people started doing drugs as a way of escaping my problems instead of dealing with them (mostly pot and cocaine, but other things too) I got clean at the start of this year, but too little to late, all it did was clear my mind enough for me to realize how fucked I am. I’m way behind all my peers, even though I was supposed to have the biggest potential of any of them.

I can’t imagine being a bigger letdown to my Dad, siblings, friends or myself than I already have been. I should have gone into the military when I was 19-20, gotten my head on straight and learned how to be a goddamn functional human being. Now I’m turning 24 with a 87.5% of a degree and the worst transcript you’ve ever seen on your life. (No actually, like 8 Fs and 4 Ws)

I was actually going to drop out a the start of this year and do exactly that, but while getting in good enough shape again I slipped 4 vertebrae, which then lead me into the darkest depression yet. Now with a medical history of depression, and the inability to pass the fitness test, that’s completely ruled out.

In hindsight I think I would have loved to be a pilot, Being on the move all the time would have been great for me, and I kind of like small group of known colleagues better than a big group of office worker anyway. But that ruled out too, I’m a little old to be pursuing it as a commercial pilot (24) especially when you consider the cost (since as I said before I can’t even enlist in regular forces, let alone a highly competitor pilot program.) and again my medical situation DQs me.

Even if I got a job with my hilariously bad transcript, I know that I wouldn’t enjoy it in my chosen field (I’ve done the internships). 
More school clearly isn’t the answer, I’m not able to apply myself at it anyway, and I won’t be able to get a loan anyway.

So now I’m completely fucked, and destined to spend the next decade of my life earning less than 1/4 of what someone with my potential should be earning. That wouldn’t be such a tough pill to swallow if I actually liked what I was doing, but I don’t. 

The only conclusion I’ve got is at this point, I’d much rather be dead than alive and wasting anymore of people’s time and effort. 

The world doesn’t need anymore “brilliant” losers and my health has massively deteriorated to the point where all those prime physical attributes I once had are gone. Still coordinated, not scared of heights etc, but I’m weak as shit, slow as shit, have shit cardio and always have pain from my back (chiro/physio didn’t do shit). 

My best friend was murdered a few years ago and I think this is what set of this spiral of self destruction, but I’ll never know for sure. All I know is I’m ready for it to end.

