I feel like everybody's waiting for me to kill myself

I havnt even had one normal relationship. I've lost all my friends. And whatever this thing is that I have depression or whatever the fuck it is tainted the one good relationship I had which was with my dad but what we had is gone because I just don't even recognize myself and I'm somebody who I don't even think is me and I lash out and say things I don't mean. The friends I've managed to gain back I don't even have a relationship with them I never talk to them I just don't have the energy and I just don't know how without feeling like a burden or like they're talking to me out of pity. 

I just feel like I'm on life support everybody's just waiting for me to go they know it's inevitable. I just feel too far gone like I'm never going to be healthy again I'm always going to have this depression and anxiety and feel like I'm worthless. It's like everyone around me is just trying to make it easier for me to go. Like when you stop taking chemo because the cancer has taken over so you choose to have a better quality life over a longer sicker life. They're just trying to ease the pain until I kill myself because thy all know there's no hope for me.

And I've faought with everybody in my life I havnt not faought with anybody even though I try so hard not to lose anybody they all end up leaving. And every time I get in a fight I just hear her voice saying nobody loves you. And I try so hard to be liked by everybody I just want to get along with everybody but I can't something always happens and we fight and it's my fault. I just don't know how to have a normal relationship with anybody. I want to kill myself and I havnt thought about that seriously since I lived with her. I just feel like a burden to everybody like I'm just in their way and causing pain and destruction. 

I can't do this anymore. I don't even know who I am I don't feel like anybody else knows either I'm just here kind of taking up space like I should have killed myself years ago like everything is wrong and I need to be dead for things to be set right again. I havnt done anything good for anybody and they all know how far gone I am and that there's no hope for me that's why nobody says anything. 
