I'm letting it all outI'm not expecting any sympathy or given any attention,  I'm really just using to really vent. 

The choice to want to end my life is completely my own. No one has influenced me or drove me to not want to continue living. My first suicide thought happened back in 2013 and at the time I brushed it off but after the next couple of years of poor grades, feeling I had no future, a failure and disappointment to myself and more importantly my family I made my first attempt to take my life in 2015. I waited for my parents to leave the house to which I went and grabbed my mothers Taurus Judge which was loaded and unsecured just in my mother's night stand. Held the firearm to my head and slowly put pressure on the trigger. The only thing that stopped me was the thought of what my parents would see when they did come home.  I was too afraid to seek personal help so I turned to online forums to see if I can help myself.  The repeating answer I found was "Take it one day at a time" 

Fast forward a couple of years I did scrape by and graduate high-school and enlisted in the military as an infantryman.  I am nervous about saying this but I turned down some bonus offers for different MOS because I fully expected to be deployed to a combat zone and get KIA. It wouldn't technically be suicide but me doing my job (I know I'm a piece of shit for even thinking that but its true and I wanted to get it off my chest) 

Well the combat deployment I had hoped for never came,  and beginning of 2020 was one of my darkest times. I grew tired of "taking it one day at a time" and sat down and made what was a fool proof plan to take my life. I bought my first AR-15 (was only 20 at the time so no pistol) and spent the next few weeks revising my plan. I knew exactly what,where,how, and when to do everything.  The last week before the date I set I tried my best to act as normal as possible. Bought my coworkers lunch, always volunteered at work, did a lot of favors for people so they suspected nothing. I made a mistake of getting absolutely shit faced on whiskey the night before and telling my online friends (whom I'm close with) my plan and saying my goodbyes. 

I know this is long as fuck so I'll shorten it now. They found where I'm at and reported me in, definitely saving my life. I immediately got apprehended and taken to a mental facility which sucked, but I was more concerned with my coworkers knowing of my attempt. Went to another facility shortly after  and now have a therapist I see weekly. It helped a little but the thoughts are definitely still there daily. 

I really do feel like a piece of shit because I have loving parents and few friends,  a steady income job, a roof over my head, and 3 meals a day. I know some people would kill to have what I have, I flat out shouldn't feel this way but I still do. 


If you actually read every bit of it, congrats you know more about me than my closest friend. Like I said I am not really looking for attention.  Just to desperately get it off my chest.