How long?I don't really know where to start here. I've been on and off suicidal for over almost six years now. It started with being sexually assaulted by the captain of my high school sports team, which I blamed myself for. I got worse over the next couple months, making several suicide attempts. Eventually my friend (the only one I was really open with) got worried and told my parents, who put me in the hospital. It was originally only supposed to be for two weeks, but at the end of that the doctors and my parents decided I still wasn't healthy enough to be released and I ended up trapped for another two weeks. Honestly I got much worse while I was in there and only got let out because I figured out what they wanted to hear and how to hide my feelings. I totally understood why my friend did what he did, but there was a lot of trust lost and we drifted apart after that.

A few months later, I started dating my first (and current) boyfriend. He's been everything to me, and has saved me countless times over the years, even without knowing that is what he was doing. From pretty early on he knew about my history, and never was anything but supportive. Still though, since the hospitalization I've always been slightly held back about how suicidal I feel, even with him and my therapist. It was such a traumatic experience that even on good days I'd rather die than go back.

Two summers ago things got worse than they had been in a while and I started being more candid with him about being suicidal. I think I opened up a little too quickly, and he got scared and went to my parents. They surprised me by showing up at my college dorm room and physically blocking me in and telling me they were taking me to the hospital again. Somehow I talked my way out of it by working out a suicide watch plan between my boyfriend and another of my close friends. Obviously at that point they were huge triggers and I needed them away as soon as possible, but they wouldn't do that unless I had someone physically in the room with me at all times.

That went on for a bit until my therapist (who was a saint and took my side instead of my parents' like everyone else I've interacted with in the mental health system) convinced them to back off. 

My boyfriend and I talked a lot about what happened and I genuinely believe that he regrets telling my parents in that way, so long story short we're still together. Still though, there was a lot of lost trust and I've never been as honest with him since. The only times he hears about my mental health is when I'm on the edge of making another attempt, and even then the most I say is "I've been having some suicidal thoughts". 

But that's not really the truth. Having suicidal thoughts has just been my baseline for years, and I never am without a plan for what I would do if something went wrong and I needed to end it all. Every time I'm in a new place, I know where the nearest rail lines are and I have a rope ready in my stuff. 

I truly believe "it gets better", because for me it has. But then it gets worse again. And it just keeps cycling over and over and even if I get through the next couple days I'll be back in the same spot in maybe a week? a month? 

The only thing that keeps holding me back is guilt over what killing myself would do to him. We're living together now and I can't imagine how he would feel to know he had me one day and I was gone the next. I've expressed this kind of thinking to him before (it was one of the things that drove him to talk to my parents), and he told me he thought he'd be okay in the long run. Obviously he wasn't telling me to do it, he emphasized how devastated he'd be but he said he probably wouldn't end up killing himself or checking out of life because of it.

I really hope that's true. He's such a great person and I only want him to be okay. I just don't know how much longer I can keep going with my only motivation being living for someone else. I wish I had been successful six years ago. I wish I had never told him anything and just ended it two summers ago. I wish last week when I was feeling like this I had gone out into the woods and killed myself. And I know for a fact that I'll regret not doing it this time either. 

Also since my mental health has been bad my memory has gotten almost nonexistent. Most of high school is a total blank, and I've even totally forgotten a vacation I took with my boyfriend. Even going back to the same place didn't jog my memory. As a result, I don't really feel any different than I did back right after the assault/hospitalization. Time has passed, just not for me since I can't remember it passing.

So many things have changed both for the better and the worse, and yet I'm still in the same spot. I don't see any way out except suicide. I'm just so tired.

Note: Obviously this is a throwaway and I'm not really going to be checking in on this account (I'll probably read the comments though), so don't feel bad if I don't respond. I'll probably still be here tomorrow.