I just want it all over.Ive been working on my AA for 5 years now, I took a couple years off after losing my way and trying to keep my previous relationship together. I almost killed myself at the start of this past Summer and by chance met this incredible guy online who helped me get past it and I threw the meds away. I'm back in school taking a few courses and have started having problems with motivation and consistency. 
As a teen I was forced on meds, hospitalized, and told I had DID, BPD, BiPolar and anxiety. I dont know how much of it is true, but I left home at 18 and failed my first semester of college. I've been through a number of shitty situations since going out on my own and I feel downtrodden, worthless, and like I dont deserve happiness. 
I cant sleep. 
I wake up in the middle of the night even after taking sleep aids and can feel my heart beating as though I've just sprinted a mile. 
My mom has good intentions but always says things in a negative way and I just feel put down. 
That amazing guy from before is my boyfriend, now, but sometimes I feel like I'm talking to a wall. 
My academic advisor just told me I could finish my AA next year, but that wouldnt have the required courses to go into my bachelor's because of how they scheduled me after I switched my major. It'll be another year before I can start my bachelor's. 
I feel like a failure to my boyfriend somehow because I know that he just wants peace and a nice home and a family, but I feel like I can't provide.
More than anything else, I want to work in a lab and be able to provide for my partner and potentially a family and some pets, but I don't think I can make it happen. 
I don't know what to do anymore. Part of me just wants to pack up and start a new life someplace else, but what do I have? A car, $1,500 in credit card debt, and no complete education besides high school. 
I'm thinking I should either jump from a bridge into oncoming traffic or drink a shit ton of sleep meds and drown myself. 