The ship's going down and I don't know what to do anymoreMy wife of 7 years came to me a few weeks ago and said she wasn't in love with me anymore. After a lot of talking, we decided to get a divorce. Within a week I find out she's now dating someone I suspected she might have been having an affair with. She continues insisting she didn't know he had feelings for her until after the divorce talk, but--fuck--with how cruel, defensive, and unempathetic she's been in this whole process, I don't know if I believe her. And even if I did, why would this make me feel any better? All the evidence points to her hooking up with him literally right after we decided to split up--before I even had a chance to move out.

Everyone I talk to says they think I'm doing great. I was able to find an apartment that I really like. I try to be positive, lose myself in activities with friends, and make plans for the future. I'm back in therapy on a regular schedule again, and I'm looking at gym memberships, and relying on my support network, doing all the right shit.

And the second there's nothing to do--the moment I sit down in the quiet of my apartment--it all hits me, and I realize how alone I am. My wife and I are not speaking. My last comment to her was that I was withholding saying anything else until I'd spoken to a lawyer. She thanked me for "showing my true colors" and that she'd "anticipated this and wished she was wrong." That she'd be "expecting the demand letter from her lawyer where I try to take everything she has." We had agreed that it would be wise for me to seek counsel before the mediation--that was all I meant.

Two weeks ago, this was my best friend. I don't know who she is anymore. And my friends have been so nice, and so supportive, and always there to give me distractions or a shoulder to cry on. And I feel so *so fucking awful* for how much I've been considering just swallowing all my antidepressants, or going up to the roof of my new apartment building and jumping off. Because it's the only thing I can think of that could ever hurt her as much as she's hurt me--but it would also hurt all these people who have been so kind. 

And there's so much pressure to stick it out, to not do anything to end it, because of how much it'll fuck up the people you leave behind. Does it even matter that I'm hurting? Does it even matter that I can't get through the day at work anymore without ugly crying in my cubicle? I can't live like this. I can't go on staying up until 2 in the morning every night because it was such a fucking struggle just to get through the day and I don't want to know what tomorrow is going to bring.

I have to face my wife in mediation in a few months. Fuck I'm so scared. I don't want to do this anymore. I don't want to spend every minute of every day in a perpetual state of either absolute despair spiral or desperate distraction. I just want it to stop.