My roommates just had an intervention on meI've been thinking about posting here for awhile and I guess this was the push I needed. I've really checked out over the last month or two and I was planning on killing myself sometime next month. My roommates noticed and called a house meeting to talk to me about it. They said they are here for me and feel like they've lost a friend. 

  


We all moved into a house together back in February and I was so optimistic that this new living situation would be the push I needed to make the changes in my life I wanted to make. It started out ok, but like every time before I fizzled out and gave up. I give up on things very easily and it's become such a consistent pattern that I figured why even try. I know I have people that will support me, but I also know I will disappoint them when I eventually fail to get my shit together again. 

  


I just don't have much hope in my future or the future of this country and basically humanity as a whole. I am hoping to see a blue wave on November 6th and that it will restore some of my hope for the future. I'm not sure if it will be enough though. 

  


Anyway that's a bit off topic because I know the problem isn't that we have a moron running the country, though it certainly doesn't help. The problem is with me and I know I could pull myself out of it if I tried, but I can't think of good enough reasons to try. The things I want out of life seem unattainable because of the type of person I am. For example I want a better career for myself, but I have squandered so many opportunities or self sabotaged myself. Now I feel like I've wasted so much time that I should have used to build skills and relationships and I don't want to start over from the bottom yet again. 

  


I feel like every time I try to build something better in my life I end up destroying it, and half the time I destroy it by choice. What the fuck is wrong with me? 

  


So anyway I guess the point of this post is that I need reasons to want to live and keep trying. All the reasons I've been trying to cling to just aren't enough anymore. 

  
