I just wanted to share somethingHey.

I wanted to share something and this seemed like the place to do that.
I'm 16 and I almost killed myself yesterday. 
I have quite a few problems going on and I know that in these times, there are who are l people are in far worse conditions than me. But I just can't take it anymore.

There are some usual problems that I have: parents being verbally and physically abusive towards me, no one even caring a little bit about me, my grades getting worse.

But there was one thing that kept me going on. My best friend. She's the most amazing human being I know. She always gave to shoulder to me to cry on, she's even stopped me from killing myself. She's the best. 

But for the last few days, it felt like she was avoiding me . We communicate online nowadays (because of the pandemic) but it seemed like she had blocked me from most of the platforms that we communicate through. I thought it might be technical errors for a few days then I did some things to solve it and turns out she's blocked me herself. 

She is the one person for which I kept going on and now it seems like she doesn't wanna be friends with me anymore. It seems like she's avoiding me. 

Yesterday I confirmed that she blocked me and I was devastated. I went and got a razor blade and almost cut my wrists. But for some reason I couldn't do it. I broke down crying and I haven't been able to do any work since then. 

She is the only person that has ever listened to me and helped me. She's the only person that ever understood me. And now she probably hates me and I do not have the slightest clue why. I just don't see the point in anything anymore. I thought I was a worthless piece of s**t and then I met her and I thought that maybe there's a slight chance that there's someone who actually wants to be my friend and loves me for who I am and now it feels like I'm worthless again. 

I just wanna die, I can't take this anymore. I know that there's no one who loves me, there's no one who would be even a little bit sad if I died. I'm just wasting everyone's time and efforts.

I wanna kill myself