I know I wouldn't actually go through with it, but just the thought of wanting to end my life hurts so muchHonestly, i've got a better mindset today than I've had in the past, but the thought of suicide creeps into my mind multiple times a month. I don't have to guts to actually kill myself, and it hurts because I know if I just did it that I wouldn't have to feel the pain i've been feeling and I wouldn't be fucking up the lives of people around me.

No one I love trusts me anymore, not that I give them reason to. It seems that every time my life is going good and i'm getting my shit in order, I do something to ruin it and things fall apart again. I know i'm not a bad person, but I fear that my selfish desires are going to keep me from living a happy life.

I wish I had the guts to kill myself. There is so much hurt that i'm tired of feeling. I used to welcome the feeling of sadness because I enjoyed how strong the emotion felt, but nowadays it just plain out hurts and I don't want to deal with it.

I used to write in a journal when I got worked up like this, but I don't have the energy. I don't have the proper outlet for these emotions so sometimes I end up self harming because when I get this sad I feel like hurting myself and I'm not exactly sure why. 

I used to see a therapist but I don't have the money for that and it just feels like they are telling me the same things over and over again and when I leave I feel more open to being sad.

I really don't benefit from the relationships I have with people. It seems that I expect too much from people, especially my mom, who is the only parent in my life. I love her so much, but I also don't like her. Does that make sense? She doesn't meet my emotional expectations. She loves me in a much more subtle way and I need more from her that she isn't willing to give me and because of that I can't stand her.

My life has been continually getting worse the past two years. I know "things can getting better" and I can "fix my mistakes" but I'd rather just end it all right now because im lazy and I know that I'll just feel this way again in the future. "This too shall pass" is a blessing and a curse.

 So I don't want to write and I sure as hell don't want to hear someone's opinion of what I should do, but here I am.