some please at least replyThere's no point there's nothing. I can't control anything in my life. I can't be happy I can't be normal I can't think normal I can't stay away from the thoughts of constantly wanting to die. Nothing good ever happens. every time I try to feel better and do things to be happy it just gets worse. No one is there for me. No one cares. Doctors don't care, therapists don't care, it's just their job. medication doesn't work. its gonna be like this forever. No one is nice. everything is bad. I can't control anything. I can only control if I stay alive or not. If I stay alive I'm just gonna end up in the streets or something. maybe get hit by a car. I should've just stood in front of that car 5 years ago instead of running away. I could've jumped into the train tracks every day I go to school and come back. why didn't I do it? why couldn't I get covid and suffer and die. why cant people treat covid like the virus it is so it can go away faster so I can go outside and get stabbed in a bad neighborhood. I can cut myself deep enough so that blood pours everywhere quickly. maybe I should just slit my throat. How hard do I have to slit my throat so I can die quickly and not end up in the hospital again and leaving alive? Tomorrow's Monday and I don't wanna go to my zoom classes. My counselor knows I was absent because I was in the hospital and let my teachers know not to mark me absent for that time. But I have weeks of late homework. I don't wanna do it. It'll just add to the stress even more. Everything makes me want to die. Even nothing makes me want to die. I want to die every second whether there's a reason or not. What's the point? Nothing will ever get better. I can only control if I can die. It's easier if I just go. Everyone'll be happier if I kms. They won't have to constantly be pissed because I'm depressed. I can't od on my meds this time because my mom is monitoring my meds. She won't give me my anxiety meds for some reason. It wouldn't help either way. It's better to just end it. I don't wanna deal with the rest of a shitty life. I don't wanna deal with tomorrow. I don't wanna deal with now.