My life has always been a nightmareI know other people have had it worse. Thinking of that doesn't help, though. I'm diagnosed with gender dysphoria (had to be a tranny on top of all of this) with no hopes of transitioning. I've been diagnosed with chronic depression since I was barely twelve (I'm almost 18 now), and I have PTSD. 

My mom was a drug addict. Name a common street drug, and she's tried it. Also an alcoholic. Badly mentally ill, has been doing drugs and alcohol since she was 10, so whatever base mental illness she has was made hundreds of times worse. Not sure what she has, but she definitely suffers from psychosis and delusions.

She also abused me. Yaya, no surprise there. Emotional and physical, had to excuse bruises for "falling" every day at school. Very stereotypical, but tell that to elementary school kid me. 

My dad wasn't really around to stop her because he stayed away. When they were around each other, they fought constantly, and always got physically violent with each other. One day, she took us to an abuse shelter, because she was highly manipulative and had everyone convinced that HE was the abuser, not her, including me. Living there was fucking horrible, by the way. If I'm ever abused again, I'd rather die than go to one of those places.

She lost custody of me and my siblings when I was 14? Yeah, that's my best estimate. I can hardly think straight. 

She hates my guts, of course. I know my dad cares about me, but he hasn't cared enough to do basic things like take me to the dentist and take me to the doctor. I had to go to the hospital several times throughout my life because of breathing. Most recent doctors I've seen have said I need to see a pediatrician to get checked for asthma. He doesn't care enough to make an appointment for that. I had a severe "attack", I really don't know if it was asthma or a panic attack, because I've never had a panic attack that bad. It kept me from breathing bad enough that my hands and feet were numb, and my chest hurt badly from the strain for two days. He could not care less. That's just one example. 

And to mention, my sister that's a few years younger than me acts exactly like my mom does. Extremely abusive and destructive. Has tried to ruin our lives multiple times when she doesn't get her way. Constantly steals my things. I barely have any clothes right now because she's taken nearly all of them, and for the sake of my family, I don't fight with her on it.

Of course, so much more and worse happened between all of this, but that's not what you're really here for. You're reading this because I want to kill myself. 

Recently, I've been going to my sister's, where it's an amazing escape. Haven't been able to go there because of corona. I have the chance to stay there, soon. I want to move out so bad, but I can't. I can't leave my dog. I even asked my dad if I could keep her some days, and he could take her back on others. He said no. 

I feel trapped, and for the thousandth time in my life, I might kill myself. I can't take living here, and I can't handle my mental state anymore. I've attempted before. All I need is the courage to try it again.