My mom was the only reason I kept going.
I dont know what I want to do, not that there's much to do. Since about a year before I dropped out of High School (yesterday) I have felt what I could only describe as worthless, apathetic someone called me but I don't know if that really fits because I've always cared about my family. I wouldn't mind being a garbage-man, but for several years I've gone to school to make my parents happy. See I grew up kind of wealthy (Dad is high up in a pretty big company in my area) but I was always mistreated by my dad. My parents never married so when they split up and I stayed with my mother she didn't get a lot. That was when I was 9, since then I've lost pretty much all contact with my dad but I kept going in school to make my mom happy and allow her to retire earlier, I'm not very high maintenance so I'd put some of my money away for her, that was my plan anyway.


I have 3 older brothers, well, they're half-brothers. I won't disclose their names but the reason I mention them is because I've always wanted to be better than them. I know that's selfish but when you see something happen, a mistake you think to yourself "I would have done that so much better" until it happens to you, and you do the exact same thing. What I meant by the earlier statement is that several years ago my youngest older-brother tried to kill himself, I stopped him though. 


Me claiming that I stopped him feels kinda bad as well because I think I'm a big reason of why he wanted to die. Until his teens he was great, we were really good friends, I say friends but I mean he'd play with me and my toys. When he was in his teens and I was 3-4 years younger he felt really bad. I'm pretty sure he was depressed, I didn't understand it though, I just saw him skipping school and getting angry at people, angry at me. As he got angry at me I got angry at him, I started calling him things (Made fun of his pimples and such), claiming that he did things that he didn't, because I felt like I was being attacked for no reason. (By the way, the things I claimed he did weren't anything big, they were like "He took the snickers from you, I saw it!" when I had hidden it so they couldn't find it.)


It was a neverending circle of sadness and anger, he'd get angry at me so I got angry at him and it never ended well, I tore down things from his walls, he'd hit me, I'd hit him back.

Anyway, I thought he was just being a fuckhead, I don't anymore, I've apologized about it but I think I feel the same way he did. Useless, worthless, whatever you want to call it.

Now my mother, my mother can get unreasonably angry really often, for a lot of times. But I've always felt like she cared, not just for my studies but for me. But recently, well yesterday she threw me out after I told her I dropped out, called me everything that I already think of myself and more and has removed me from everything, isn't responding to calls or texts. My stuff is still there to get though but I don't know if I want to stay around for that long because right now I really can't think of anything that makes me want to live.
