I’m going to leave my house and family on the 20th of JuneIn early 2016 I started getting frustrated and mad at my friends. I started noticing all the flaws in them and how they obviously didn’t care about the friendship aspect. They only wanted to be friends to play video games and things in that style. They never cared about the actual person they were friends with. I was struggling emotionally back then but I never asked them for support because it was obvious that wasn’t going to work. Eventually I don’t know why but I started trolling them anonymously online. They didn’t recognize who it was at first but eventually one of them asked if it was me. I immediately felt guilty and tried to delete everything. When it happened I immediately snapped back to reality and realized how much I was hurting them. After that I called I sick from school for few days left until summer and shut all of them out from my life. 

I have no idea why any of this happened. It might have been puberty, Aspergers or as I’ve recently been considering a hypomanic episode. After this happened for the next 3 years I’ve been completely isolated and haven’t had any meaningful social interaction with anyone except my family. I’ve tried finding friends in 3 different schools now along with other places but it has never worked. 

After the summer ended I started in my second school. After being basically isolated for the entire summer I had developed social anxiety and got a panic attack while entering the classroom. Because of this I was forced to work alone in another room. In this room I got almost nothing done and I constantly watched YouTube on my phone as escapism. I stayed in the room during breaks and therefore didn’t meet anyone. After being in this school for a year I switched to another school where people were given more support. Actual work went okay for the most part but almost everyone else in the school were unbearable. They were extremely socially awkward and constantly made me uncomfortable so after a year and a half I switched school once again. 

During all of this time I constantly longed someone to vent to but it just never happened. The majority of my awake time was spent with escapism. 

In early 2019 I started in my fourth school. A normal state run were people weren’t socially awkward. I also weren’t socially anxious anymore so everything was pointing towards things getting better but they never did. Work itself is okay so I might be able to get a good job but I’m extremely lonely and down. Later a day before my birthday in June I decided to write down all my thoughts in Notes in my phone as I didn’t have anyone I could vent to. I kept writing for almost 2 hours without realizing how much time was passing. When I was done I felt happier than I’ve felt in years and like I just drank an energy drink. While typing I realized that the only one that can make a difference in my life is me. Everything that happens in the world happens as an indirect consequence of what I do and don’t do. If I want to stop being lonely I’m the one who can fix that nothing and no one else. I also realized that everything is okay as long as no one gets hurt by it. This made me accept a lot of things I’ve been ashamed of. I also found out about the Venus Project which gave me a goal in life. It’s very hard to explain what it is so just go to www.thevenusproject.com if you want to find out. I felt amazing for a week and a half. After that I just felt numb as usual. At this point I figured out I might have a form of bipolar, probably cyclothymia. But there are still contradictions. I’ve still figured out the key to solving every problem in the world so I should be happy but I’m just not. This might be a sign I’m faking it all to give myself some feeling of control. Being bipolar isn’t fun but it would be nice to know what caused my life to suck so much. So since I still believe what I figured out while I was “hypomanic” I might have been faking the whole thing. I know that this is aparently this is a common thing to think when paranoid from bipolar subs but I’m not going to let that affect what I think. 

Now I’ve decided that I’m going to leave my whole family on the 20th of June. That is when I get my monthly money(?) so I’ll be able to buy food while I’m gone. I’m not sure if I’m going to kill myself while I’m gone or where I’m going to sleep but I don’t want to think about that now. I haven’t planned anything I’m going to do while gone I’m just turning of my brain basically. I can’t stand being lonely or scared of faking all my mental issues so leaving my house and family could be an escape from that. I will no longer have to worry about what they think about my actions or really worry about anything, it’s kind of like a temporary suicide. Don’t know if this was the right sub for this and I don’t even know why I wrote this.