I feel horror at the act, but am constantly up and down about my emotionsI have always been an introverted person who is shy by nature. i think it has to do with the abuse from school yard bullies who made me afraid and unwilling to expose my true feelings. Over all I am an emotional person, but I feel that from elementary school I was shown that a man cannot show emotions. This problem has haunted me through my early years as an adult. I have had one short lived relationship where I was happy to have someone that I could talk to, but she could not handle it and the stress of freshman year of college broke the relationship. That being the first time I opened up to anyone about my desires or emotions since I was in first grade has made it even harder. I have always feared rejection from society and feel awkward expressing my romantic emotions because of this. My mom would always say that she would accept me no matter my orientation, and I wanted to scream out "I'm not gay, even though you would accept me if I was," but I never could. I have felt uncomfortable talking about the issue with anyone, even the people I have strong feelings for.
I have always had strong crushes since grade school, and at this point that is just how I operate. I am not the kind of person to go to a bar, and crush and pick up a person. I feel a connection through appearance and conversation and continue on. But I cannot move forward without knowing the situation and their feelings. I have tried communicating through friends, but they are reluctant to dig deeper, which I understand as someone who deplores awkward situations.

In August, my mother passed away, which has inadvertently hit me really hard.  Obviously, she was my mother and I loved her, and despite the two year decline.  Not living at home and my Dad being hit hard has made it really difficult to get past it.  I have up and down spells for the past few months that have led to full on break downs, not helping any of the above personal connection problems.  I have reached out to a few close friends, but am always afraid to talk to them about how I really feel, as opposed to how I think they believe I should feel.  

I have had suicidal thoughts since elementary school, but I am very thankful that I have always feared death more than I have feared life. I am always caught up on the fact that "what if it got better".  This is the most positive thing in my thoughts sometimes and I cannot be thankful enough that I am logical enough to come to this conclusion.  Usually these thoughts come after a setback in the pursuit of a crush that I didn't even go for, mainly because I am fearful of what would happen in the case of rejection.  I have a  positive career outlook, but my personal life craves a partner, but is too afraid to reach out and expose myself again leading to the anguish that has been compounded by losing one of the two people that have ever loved me unconditionally.