I am closer than ever to attempting suicide again.I have been struggling with depression, anxiety and bi-polar disorder for a while. My last suicide attempt (there have been three) ended in my losing my job, a room I was renting and most of my possessions. I've been homeless off and on and finally, reluctantly, moved in with my mother since she needed help due to her own problems. 

This has been a disaster. My mother is extremely emotionally abusive (calling me a failure, manipulating me, guilt-tripping me, intentionally starting arguments, blaming me for everything) and she gets too many medications from doctors which she abuses. A LOT. I am talking pain pills, barbiturates, ambien, etc. 

For the past two days she has been loaded up on Xanax and she has been starting things with me, intentionally as usual, and we have been getting into huge shouting matches because she has pushed me too far. I never use to yell, or cuss, or anything to anyone. Ever. Much less my mom.  But recently I have scared myself at how much I've been yelling back. The things she's been saying to me are completely ridiculous and I don't know of any of my friends' moms who act like that. She takes her frustrations out on me because my brother and his wife won't let her see their newborn -- her first and only grandson -- very often, because of those very reasons. She also never leaves the house and has been getting in worse shape because I have been doing the grocery shopping and errands around the house, as a way to help her. So my day consists of working online to make a few bucks a day to pay for my medical bills and helping her. Well, I haven't been able to cut her grass again recently because I haven't been well at all, which I tried to explain to her. But she doesn't care. At all. 

Anyway, I have been thinking of suicide all day. I told my mother I would leave soon and she'd never see me again. I have no car and nowhere to go. I would be homeless again, but in worse shape since I had a car last time I was homeless. But not now. I have nothing, so I would be in very, very bad shape out there again. 

My only concern is finding a home for my cat. I do not want to leave my cat here with my mother.  I do not trust her. But it is hard for me to part with my cat, because she was a tiny stray when I found her. And she's the only friend I have anymore. 

So I can't think of a good reason to keep on anymore. I am so tired of this, and have been for years. I can't get help or disability or anything, and can barely afford meds. My mother has pushed me over the edge and it's just too much to bear anymore. 

Well, it's 2AM as I am writing this, just about to submit it, and my mother has gotten up and come to my room to continue this. More blaming me and asking me why I am up and reminding me how old I am and that I have no job. I SWEAR TO GOD that she is intentionally provoking me.  I just let loose again because I am so emotionally and physically drained. I even blurted out that I am thinking of killing myself again. She just mumbled something and then continued to rant about me, how she is "sad" for me. I can't believe how she use to be so loving and caring and now -- she is completely different. 

I hate to say this too, but it has been so emotionally and mentally taxing these few days that I am having very violent thoughts. I am the least violent person, love animals, never been in a fight. But I have never been pushed this far before. I feel like a different person. Like I can sympathize with someone who does something violent to someone who has hurt them or is abusive in some fashion. I do have one sleeping pill and I think I need to take it because I am boiling. 

I am thinking of waiting until I get my meds refilled and OD'ing on them. Unfortunately, I can't do this until about 10 days from now. If I had them now, I'd do it in a second. I really think I would. It's strange because I've felt this exact way before, and it was before my last two attempts. I had hoped I wouldn't be here again but I am. 