I almost killed myself at a behavioral health clinic.This happened about a half an hour ago, and I’m still shaking.

I had just finished my second therapy appointment. It went somewhat well. I was nervous, and jumpy.

At the end of the appointment my therapist gave me my paper. My eyes drifted to the problem list.


Bipolar disorder 2, knew that. Panic disorder with agoraphobia and moderate panic attacks. Knew that. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Yup. Substance use disorder. I dispute that, but I see why they would think so. And then...

Borderline personality disorder. That was new.

I started to spiral. Crying. I asked the therapist as she walked me out if it was true. She said it was just words on paper, that we would talk about it at the next appointment. But I was already drowning.

She told me there was a bathroom in the hallway. She told me to go practice my breathing exercises.

I went to the bathroom, but I did not do breathing exercises.

I cried. Hard. For 20 minutes straight. I googled borderline, and came to the conclusion that I could never find love and I would eventually hurt and chase off everyone who loves me.

Then someone came into the bathroom and I shut up.

I needed somewhere more private. And frankly, I had quite the pick.

The clinic is on the second floor of a mostly empty building. There are plenty of grey unpainted rooms that you can simply wander into.

But I ended up picking the stairwell. No one used the stairs.

You see where this is going.

I sat on the second floor landing. I cried for awhile. Then I saw something strange.

Bird shit.

Did this place lead to the roof?

Curious, I climbed the stairs. Up and up and up, 7 stories. I reached the door that lead to the roof. I tried to push it open. Locked.

Too bad. I would have liked to see the view of the city.

I leaned on the safety rail and looked down. I was so high up, and the concrete floor was right below. Beckoning.

I stood on the lowest rung of the safety rail. Staring. Jump. Jump. Jump.

My legs started shaking. My breathing sped up. A tear rolled down my face and fell. I had to decide if I would follow it.

I stepped away. My thoughts were crazy. I felt invigorated. My heart was thumping it was a rush.

Now I’m sipping a mimosa over a veggie burger (first time I had one), with sweet potato fries and butternut squash soup.

I don’t know if I regret not jumping yet.