I want to be done.So it's 3:30am, I have no one to talk to. This is pretty long so ingnore it if you like. I just... I don't want to live. It's not that my life is bad, it's good. I mean, I'm used to it. I grew up and my parents divorced when I was 4 but my dad had moved out when I was 2. I moved in with my dad along with my brother because my brother was kicked out for behavioral problems. Since then my brother has been kicked out again and again from my mom's, dad's, and grandparents. He has been to a mental institution twice which found nothing wrong with him, yet now he runs around calling everyone who loves him demon-possessed and evil. About a week ago he got kicked out and swore he'd never come back, looks like he was telling the truth. My mom died in January, she raised me but I hadn't lived with her for four years(even though I saw her alot) so it didn't really matter to me. My grandparents practically raised me, but now it looks like my grandma has heart problems and my grandad has cancer. Dad has an ok job and we live in a duplex, he's depressed alot. I try to be a really good kid so he feels better though, ya know like, "Wow, my life isn't too great but I'll keep going for my great son Jesse." I get rejected alot, which is really hard cause it's already very difficult for me to talk to new people and get used to them. Also I have severe adhd and severe depression, which made it so I barely passed school last year, even though I need good grades to get to a good school. 


Now the funny thing is, these things don't matter to me at all. I don't know what it is, but my mom dying didn't matter. Everyone I knew cried, even my best friend who barely knew her, meanwhile I forced tears to fit in. When we see someone dies on the news it doesn't really matter, it was the same with my mom. I like it cause it makes me feel unbiased. I don't care when I'm rejected, well I do and I get depressed but that's not the point, I mean that goes away. I eventually realized just how stupid the people around me are, including the ones who reject me, so their opinion just doesn't matter anymore. I'm even on anti-depressant pills, which were working but I think that I'm just so depressed they don't help anymore. So yeah, it's not really my life. My life sucks, but I can deal with it. Even if it did affect my feeling, I don't succumb to my emotions, I'm a logical person.

It's not my life. It's life in general. People are too stupid to think about the little itsy bitsy section of the cosmos that revolves around them. Without God, life has no meaning. We live and die and rot away. All we can do in our meaningless existences is to affect each other's also meaningless existences. But even knowing that, I just can't bring myself to believe in god. I don't know why, maybe the logical side of me is like "there's no proof so there's no way" but really, I just don't know. All I know is that without god life means nothing, you just die. And even if the afterlife exists, so what? What would I do for an eternity? There's no way to know but to die, and if you die there's no going back. But what's the difference in 18 years and 80 years if none of it means anything anyways? These questions nag, haunt, and patronize me. The only way to answer them is to die. If I wake up in the afterlife then god's real, if I don't then I won't be worrying about this anymore. I've thought for a year or two about this and come to no other conclusion.

But I CAN'T die. I have one reason to live, just one. Nothing else means anything to me. My one and only reason is that if I commited suicide, my dad would blame himself, and I can't have that. Well yeah, that's about it, that's my only reason for living.

Sorry for the earful.