Consistent kindnessI’ve been lurking here during the past week. I just don’t know what to say. How do I respond? You pour your soul into what you write- try to translate the anguish that stirs deep in your heart. How do I respond? I don’t know. But I did learn something. Kindness is so important. Reflect deep down and think, what do you really yearn for? What do you hunger for? In the rawest sense, what do you wish to sate? 
Personally, I yearn for kindness. I yearn to be appreciated. Acknowledged. “You’ve done good”. “You’re beautiful”. “Everything is going to be alright”. “I’m so grateful you are in my life”. “You’re such an amazing person”. “I love you”.  
Kindness, on a consistent basis, can go a long way. Kindness heals our insecurities, makes us feel appreciated, warms our heart, and gives us the strength to survive and thrive, to overcome so much. 
If someone told you every single day, that you were beautiful, that you were intelligent, you were amazing, and that they were so grateful to have you in their life… if they showed appreciation for your hard work and worked hard to make things easier for you… How much of an impact that would have in your life? Will you heal?
I really wish people were kinder. Why aren’t they kind? Is it some inherent defect in me that prevents others from being kind to me? 
Or, is it hard to be kind?
To freely and sincerely complement and comfort another one you barely know, is that something easy to do? How about someone so close to you? Is that something you can do? 
I think it’s hard. We are fighting our own battles, we don’t acknowledge the battles of others. The battles may be different, both in intensity and how we respond, but we all yearn for some support. We are caught up in our own insecurities, we aren’t even aware of the insecurities of others around us.
And to be kind is to be vulnerable. To open up that chink in your armour. A chance to have your attempts to be kind shot down. A chance to feel unappreciated. It’s a risk many aren’t willing to take. 
This is something I’m trying to work on. To give what I’ve yearned for so long. 
I don’t know what this will do, honestly. Like I don’t know how to respond appropriately to what is conveyed in your posts. But that is fine. Unlike what we’re taught at school, it is fine to not know something, to have the answer to everything. Many problems are just too complex for a quick fix solution, and to pretend that isn’t so, will only lead to frustration. 
How can a one-time simple fix heal years of abuse and neglect? Of complex and multifaceted life situations that requires so much effort to comprehend let alone solve? Of years of being alone, creating those maladaptive thoughts that drags them deeper into the abyss? 
I don’t have any answers. But I do believe that whatever the answer is, in it is some form of consistency and kindness. 
I resolve to be a kinder person through this experience. 
I share with you my thoughts, in hopes that it may resonate with someone. Take it as you may. 