I just cannot catch a break.I have $50 in my checking account. On March 14th, I will be treating myself to my last meal.

I am really good at what I do. I'm great with people. I'm great at talking and listening to people. Four years ago, today. A woman told me that I had a gift, imploring me to share it to the world. Since then, I've spent every day perfecting my craft. Participating in podcasts and live-streams with the dream of being a radio host akin to Howard Stern.

But I can never catch a break.

I've supported myself with dead-end shifty jobs for my entire adult life. I worked at a company that demoted an entire management tier. Moved to another company to be trained as a manger, only to be strung along for six months. While my mother was pressuring me to move out under a minimum wage salary.

The only way I could, was to move across the country with my brother. Couldn't find work their, had my car repo'd. We were kicked out of our apartment. And I took a big gamble moving out of state again to work with my friend on his company.

Every day, I'm reminded that I'm a guest in this house. Despite us both running this business as partners, full time. This company is going under, because of his arrogance. I've brought up the problems, and he refuses to listen.

Through some really dark times with no power. This isn't the first time I've written a letter like this one. But I've always put it to the side because there was at least a little hope.

That hope is fading. This is gonna sound hella nerdy, but fuck it. In the past, I've had movies and games to look forward to. The new FFXIV expansion looks like it isn't going to fix any problems it has. Crash Remastered doesn't have the same charm. We all know Star Wars 8 is just gonna be another Empire. Etc.

Tomorrow, I'm expressing my concerns with my business partner, again. He'll probably agree, but then forget like he always does. I'm looking for one of those real jobs and giving it one final swing. I'm done being a burden to those around me.

The deadline, is March 14th. And I think I'll get a fried Mac&amp;Cheese burger from The Cheesecake Factory, with a slice of Key Lime Cheesecake to finish it off.