...I've gone my whole life knowing that nobody really cares, so I don't think this will be any different. I just hope that by some miracle somebody can hear me. 

I need help. I've needed help for the past 16 years of my life. I'm not normal, and I'm reminded of that every time I check my phone and see that nobody has texted or called me because I have no friends. Part of that's is also because I've allowed myself to get close to people too many times in the past and have been burned by it so now I don't actively try to be a part of many people's lives. 

I try to reach out sometimes-to be social, to try to make a friend. But I can tell that I annoy everyone. Nobody really wants me around. I'm useless,  talentless, and stupid. I've been told that I'm stupid all my life. Only a couple of people have said that I'm smart, but that must have been just to make me feel better about myself because if it were true, wouldn't more people say it? When everyone thinks I'm a dumb idiot,  how am I supposed to believe anything else? I'm not particularly attractive or funny, so what good am I? I'm just a drain. 

I try to talk, but nobody listens. At work, I'll try to join in a conversation but I'm always interrupted and ignored. I guess nobody cares what I have to say. So I put in my two weeks notice. I wasn't good at my job anyway. No point in paying me when somebody else could do a much better job. Which is a shame,  because I could really use the health insurance. 

I tried to renew my humana caresource, but they cancelled it because I forgot to update that I had gotten a new job. The lady I spoke to over the phone treated me like I was stupid and a waste of time. I stopped trying to renew it when I received the rejection notice in the mail because why bother. I'm a type 1 diabetic, I'm used to going into debt because people like me aren't worth insuring. 

I tried seeking out counseling or a psychiatrist. The ones who were affordable weren't taking any new patients. Others wanted an outrageous amount of money that I couldn't afford. My only option is to go to a state run facility, which I did, but they told me that I didn't want to be there. That's how bad it is. 

I'm not really looking for pity. I don't think that helps anything. I just want a solution because right now I feel trapped. I want to know what it's like to be happy again, but maybe that's not something that's meant for me. It's a shame, the state of mental health care here in America and so many of us have to suffer. I have one week left on my notice, and after that I think it's best that I stop trying. I'm exhausted. If nobody reads this, if nobody cares, that's fine. I just wanted to write it. 