I’ve slowly come to realize that I don’t really have any friends.I feel incredibly isolated, despite the fact that I live with my family and interact with them pretty frequently. I also have a girlfriend who I spend time with pretty often, but even then I feel incredibly alone. I’d like to think I have friends, but all the people I have attempted to be friends with already seem to have their own thing going on among themselves. I never feel like I belong with them. I feel like they would disown me if I opened up a bit more, even after several attempts. They didn’t fail entirely, but not much has come out of it. After the covid outbreaks, i had to go back home which means now i’m back in my country and with no way to see them until things go back to normal. I don’t think they care about me as much as I care about them. I do have one friend who I think I’m pretty close to, but he’s also in a different country, and I don’t think he’s one to want to talk on a fairly regular basis. We talk like once every 2 or 3 months, which is always a relief in terms of how i feel about the state of the world right now. We’re definitely on good terms, but our relationship has always been kinda like that. I don’t know where I’m going with this, but point is I feel alone despite being surrounded by people who care about me, in terms of family and romantic relationship. I’m also currently unemployed and don’t qualify for any government handout, and I feel pretty useless. There’s not much I feel like I can do. I’ve tried to revisit friendships from when I was younger, that just kinda died for no reason other than that our lives pulled us in different directions. There was no beef, and we were always in terms, so I thought it would be reasonable to attempt that, and still to no effect. I know I could probably try to be a bit more patient with these things, but getting even close to having friends in college took me a long ass time. I don’t think I got close to having friends in my major until my last year. and even then I wouldn’t say they’re solid friendships that are gonna last. They probably had certain impressions of me that I wouldn’t say are entirely accurate. We all got along just fine. I’m sure they liked me. But I can say that my inability to open up due to certain fears might have had an effect on the fact that I feel like I didn’t establish solid and lasting connections. I hope I’m wrong about that. And it wasn’t exactly like that with everyone. There was a particular group of people I really liked, and we got to hang out and get sort of close by the end of our time in college, but I feel like I jumped in on that circle too late for it to have become a good foundation by the time we graduated. I tried to be there for them. I offered them help in certain things we all had interest in several times, in order to keep the door open to in hopes that our friendship would grow, but I feel like it wasn’t enough. I’m probably gonna try to reach out to somebody tomorrow and see what happens. It’s possible that this is all in my head, but I seriously feel like I have no friends. I feel dumb, useless, and immensely lonely, and it’s really messing with me.