Living breathing punching bag here. 3 days ago he shoved me.  So hard something popped in my back.  I couldn't get off the floor he screamed in my face I deserved this and tried to pick me up.  The pain was excruciating.  He said I was faking it.  I laid on the floor next to the garbage bags he wont take out.  He tried again.  Searing piercing pain I couldn't see straight I screamed DONT.  He threw his phone on my chest and said, "call an ambulance bitch."  

I should have.  I should have called and had him taken away.  Im weak.  Pathetic.  Disgusting.  Everything he calls me.  He's right. 

He came back almost an hour later after I crawled my way into the living room.  Still couldn't stand.  He brought 5 Ibuprofen and 3 tyelnol.  I took them.  Half hour later I was able to stand but not sit or lay down again.   He loaded me into the car \(being his sickly remorseful self again\) he dropped me off at the ER.  He was hoping they'd give me pills he could take.  That's all he cares about anymore.  That's all he's ever cared about really.  Just like his fucking mother who died from methadone.  

The attendants treated me like a criminal, the doctor too.  There's no bruise and the xrays dont show a fracture but the pressure I feel on my anus and the left hip is probably just muscle spasms.  Give her morphine and send her out the door.  They have no idea what they're sending me too.   They never do, I should've said something.

He's got the money, the house, the car, everything.  He's made sure to secure it over 10 years together.  I have nothing.  Spotty job history at best because every time I'd start a career he'd get physical.  The last one he choked me so bad I lost my voice.  I worked in a call center.  I'd been there a month and couldn't face my new coworkers with a black eye and those fucking fingerprint bruises on my neck.  

Before that it was the sucker punch to the temple.  It gave me a concussion and the doctors said if it had been just an centimeter forward it probably would've killed me.  I covered for him then too.  I had a blood red eye for 2 months and headaches I still suffer from.  

I'm fucking pathetic and weak.  I'm nothing.

It's been 3 days since he shoved me down and certain ways I sit stand or lay take my breath away.  Coughing and sneezing makes me want to pass out.  It hurts.  There's no bruise though.  So if I don't start acting like I'm better he'll make sure there is one.  Last time I called the police they made me leave here because my names not on the house.  His mother died and when he switched the title his sister said my name cant be on it.  If he doesn't kill me today or tonight I'll have to do it myself.  I can't live like this anymore.  I'm in some hick podunk town where the only resource is a church with a cot.  I'm an empty, pathetic, disgusting bitch.  Just like he says.  I'm just so tired of fighting to prove him wrong.  My hip and ass hurt, I have to do dishes now so my son can eat...