A positive-ish postI don’t talk much, it’s probably for the better, but something I’ve learned from my bouts with melancholy is that social media amplifies everything. (Yes, reddit included)  
Before I deleted my Instagram a few weeks ago, I wanted to see if I could prove this. That day I was looking for sad stuff, so I looked up cutting, as I read through posts my already low emotions began to drop deeper, the gut-wrenching feeling of wanting everything to just go away grew from a pebble to a stone. I felt miserable since the things they posted made me feel pitiful and hopeless, as if the world is a shitty place and everyone is worse off than you. Knowing that there is nothing you can do only tears you apart more.

Then. I logged off and deleted my account.

Since then I haven’t gotten a lot better but I haven’t gotten worse. The constant resistance from getting up every day has decreased, the waking up to read about people with more sadness than I am in, is gone. Feels selfish right? Thinking only about yourself?  

Yet, it’s far from it.

Focus on you. Focus on getting better. Whether it’s just getting the motivation to get up in the morning. Whether it’s getting on the internet to apply for that job at the hardware store down the street. Whether it’s putting that $20 in the bank instead of buying 3 packs of cigarettes. Focus. Focus. Focus. (What my teachers back in high school used to say before they realized I have ADHD)

Can’t focus on you? Focus on something else. (More specifically, helping something/someone else) Make an appointment with Red Cross to donate blood, walk over to the library and ask them what books they’d recommend to learn something new... python coding is in demand. Maybe walk a few miles to the park, and sit on a bench, you’d be surprised the amount of dogs you get to pet.

Melancholy doesn’t “go away” someone who says “cheer up, you’ll be fine” has no idea what they’re talking about.
But I can say this, try some things and you may reach a time where melancholy is no longer riding shotgun telling you how to live your life.