I'm lost...Hello,

I'm 22 year old, and i don't know exactly what i should do, how to deal with depression, it's is hard to come out of my shell and talk about me and how i feel. I never talked  about that before, it's easier on internet and i really feel the need today so that's why i'm writing this.

I've been thinking about suicide all day long, and i spend around 16 hours in my bed those days. I'm doing nothing in my life, I have no energy and nothing makes sense to me right now. I haven't been diagnosed with depression but i really know how i'm feeling. Just to give some details and clarify my situation, it started in 2014 and it ended in early 2015, it has been really tough. I didn't know that i was sick for the first 3-4 months until i searched on internet. I was feeling hopeless, melancholic, very lonely, it was awful, i had to deal with suicidal thoughts and anxiety everyday, i could give more details but my post is already too big. In the beginning of 2015 my depression has faded away for no reason, I started to enjoy life again, and the things i used to like, i won't say that the whole year was full of happiness because my mood was going up and down often but i was much better. 

But this year honestly i'm lost, i don't know what's wrong with me, i'm not even sure if the nightmare is starting again because when i think about what i've been through in 2014 i think it was so much worse and i shouldn't complain, i feel like a child who has given up. I did some effort in january to stay positive, like doing exercise, going for walk so it could clear my mind. It worked sometimes but now i haven't got enough motivation or energy for anything. Looking at all the threads of other people make me so sad, does anybody succeeded to get out of this ? I don't know what to do, I really want to stop suffering, I already know how i could kill myself, and when, I just can't do it because i think about the consequences on my familly.

I thank in advance the people who will read this, i apologize if i made mistakes or if it doesn't make sense, english is not my native language.
