Not sure if this is the right subreddit.I apologize for being a poor explainer/organizer of things in advance.


Anyways I have no idea how to start a post like this other than just “jumping” right into it.  I have been fantasizing about suicide for the past couple months. I'll get to why later, but first let me state I don't think I would actually ever act on my thoughts.  I don't think I'd have the balls too, and I don't like the idea of putting people who are close to me through a traumatic experience because I'm too much of a coward to live life.  I just like the idea of ending my depression and pointless life.


Why am I having suicidal thoughts?

Well I guess this can all be attributed to my depression which, in turn, can be attributed to my inability to make decisions and my failure to be appreciative and successful.


I am 20yr old male in attending well respected university on the east coast.  However, I have no idea about what I want to do in life – and this in turn makes me feel like a failure.  I am currently in my second semester of college and I have no idea what to.  So far I've managed to waste about 50k of my parents money and for what?  To discover that I don't want a job in the major that I have chosen.  I feel like I don't deserve the opportunities that have been given to me by my parents and other individuals throughout my life.


Not knowing what I want to do in life makes it hard for me to motivate myself to do work in most of my classes which in turn leads me to doing poorly in my classes, which in turn leads me to becoming more depressed about my situation.  Being depressed makes it even more difficult for me to motivate myself to do work.  So basically I guess I'm somewhat trapped in this nonstop cycle. I afraid that I'm going to fail my calc 2 exam which is basically going to set me back a whole year in college for the major I am pursuing, due to the fact that calc 2 is  pre req. to a lot of courses.


This is going to sound a little cliché ripping of a movie but its the easiest way for me to explain the way I feel.  Those of you who have seen Office space will understand most easily.  So there is this part in this movie office space where the main character basically says that if he could do whatever he wanted for a job, he would do nothing.  It pains me to say it, but this is how I feel.  If I could do anything in life I would do nothing.  Well actually, nothing is a bit deceiving so let me rephrase.  I would do whatever I wanted to do.  Having this view on life makes me feel like shit, because I know I will never be able to live this way unless I win the lottery or something.


Another reason as to why I feel like such a failure is that all of my closest friends/family around me went to college knowing exactly what they want to do and finished either in 4 years or under.  My brother is a computer scientist/programmer and finished his college career a semester early.  He even has a job already and a juicy salary.  His best friend, and also my friend, finished school early as well and also has a job. Some of my friends that are attending the same institution that I go to also have their lives very well in line.  One is getting ready to graduate and two others are well on their way to having very promising careers.  So basically I'm surrounded by successful people that are the polar opposite of myself.  They know what they want to do.  They are getting jobs doing it, and they have seem to have found a meaning/purpose to their life.  And little old me is just sitting here pretending that I know what I want to do so my parents don't see me as a lazy ungrateful piece of shit.


I really want to talk to someone about this but I'm afraid that they'll think I'm some crazy person and will throw me in a psych ward or some shit.  So fuck that.


I don't really know why I'm posting this.  I guess in part to get things off my chest and also maybe to get some suggestions as to what I should do.  If you have any suggestions as to what I should do, by all means voice them.