Am I being a babyNothing horrible has happened to me. I'm pretty fortunate. Born in America. Family supported me long enough to stand on my own feet. Around 17 or 18. Am social and have made many friends throughout my life that are willing to help me. I'm dating a beautiful girl who has a heart of gold. Parents are still alive. Mom and dad are both relatively clean drug wise finally in their lives. Seperated. Idk I guess I should be happy. I'm living with My girl. We seem to figure out bills. I'm trying to support her to finish her associates degree. I'm almost done with my associates. School is easy for me. I love learning So it's fun. I hate myself though. I hate how I can't properly support my girlfriend or any of my family that's struggling. I tried to do everything right but I have my issues. Tried to join the military but I have a drug felony from age 12 that didn't allow me to do it. I've acquired a water treatment grade 2 certification and applied at many jobs. Been told in multiple interviews I should get the job But for some reason haven't. I work a job that doesn't have benefits and pays 12 an hour. I'm lucky to have it. I have an eye disease called vitellaform macular degeneration so next time I have to renew my license it'll be taken away from me. Idk. I have many problems. Girlfriend doesn't want me masturbating but for some reason I can't seem to have the discipline to stop 100 percent. It breaks her heart which kills me. Idk why I'm on here. I've been contemplating suicide for a good 7 years. I'm 23. If I haven't done it yet chances are I'm not gonna. I guess I'm looking for pity or someone to say it's okay to feel like shit. Or I'm right in feeling bad for my life positions or to tell me to suck it up others have it worse. I'm not sure. I'm sitting on the toilet at my work venting this because it's another day where all day I just create this cycle of thinking depressing thoughts and feeling like shit to realizing I need to change something today that might help me. I've changed many things. I don't know what to change anymore. I'm in a little town with any real jobs requiring me to get a class a license when I can't even renew my class c. Ahhhh.