I can’t deal with it getting worseBack story: 2012 - 2016 I was in a committed relationship with a man until he passed away at age 33, declared dead on a clear blue June Friday morning. Many friends followed and most didn’t make it to 30. My father died 2 years ago come November 13. My mom almost died soon after and was in the hospital for months. My best friend almost died, but thank god he’s doing a lot better.

To lose someone you love so much to a death when you’re young is probably one of the worst feelings in the world. The three women I knew who lost their man to an early death are all deceased too. It feels like a curse. Inbetween the multiple deaths....it’s been bad news, friendships ending, me losing my mind. I have never been more suicidal, or broken. I was so vulnerable after my boyfriend died that I was raped by my first love who also made problems with my late bfs family and I. I will never get over him, I will always love him. Although he is not the “him” in the title....

Just as much as I hate how phones have changed how life works, I am NOT a person who wants a tinder, a profile on match or anything. It may be officiant....but I like the surprise. 

Late May of this year I got a message from a man I’ve been friends with on Facebook for 10 years...had a couple mutual friends...I do not remember how we knew each other..because I used to be a social butterfly so we probably met at a party before. Out of the blue I did not expect what was going to happen to me.

After talking to this charming guy, who wasn’t too photogenic in many photos, but in some photos...he looked incredible. We met up at my friends house one evening in June, and I feel badly because we were hanging out on the third year anniversary of my boyfriends death. At a certain point in the initial meeting, I not only felt nervous, but impulsive. I saw him in a certain light and went,”Oh my GOD. This man isn’t real HES so breathtaking it’s intimidating. I don’t know other than how he was spot on my type but I was SO attracted to him I can’t tell you. I still am. 

His persistence to spend time together again made me believe he cared. I was scared of him because I didn’t want to have feelings for anyone, or any room for hurt. I told him from the beginning that I hate being vulnerable and I’m not going to be treated like a booty call girl, and I tried to avoid him. As each day went by I fell harder than I thought possible. I had had some casual flings in the past few years but this guy was seeming too good to be true. He was.

At first very charming, very full of smiles, but I sensed heavy energy from him that threw me off. Right off the bat he made remarks so harsh and brutally honest about things and people that pissed him off. He drank a lot, and binge watched a lot of movies I couldn’t stand, but he seemed to have his shit together regardless...but soon he was angry, very angry....over the dumbest things. We would spend days together and I tried to make things not go so fast but he was being clingy....I felt desired. 

After a camping trip from hell where he complained about my bad makeup, that I didn’t help navigate him to where we were going enough, that the vape pen with sativa thc cartridges made me stupid...was so caught off guard trying to fix my face. He seemed so upset the entire time together and his friends we were meeting up with seemed to see shit was going south. Despite him making me run to a bathroom to cry, I went to sleep next to him in a trailer at the campsite and had probably the best dream I’ve had in years. His face was the best alarm clock.

But the next time we hung out he came over and said he almost ghosted me and said I dressed like a hobo. I was wearing a tank top, a&amp;amp;f short shorts and was cooking for us. I was so frustrated with all of this that I finally texted him saying,”Who the hell do you think you are? I’ve been nothing but nice to you....and you treat me like garbage.” I figured let’s just hash it out. I tried to end it but couldn’t. 

In all my years alive, the times I’ve fallen in love, and my share boyfriends, guy friends, I don’t know why I feel so gutted. In late July and early August he finally made it clear,”I’m not going to love you, I do not find you attractive at all, I DONT WANT YOU...” Where we stand now....he ‘fucking hates me’ and wants nothing to do with me, so I can’t say or do anything. He said I had no middle ground but that’s what I felt about him.

How quickly he would snap was intense. He judged me so hardcore. Yet hugging him felt like heaven. Just one look and I was done. I know this sounds like lust, but when he was kind he was pleasant to spend time with. But along the way there were so many things about me even little things it is as if he was disgusted with me....and I wasn’t good enough. 

I don’t have the energy to post all the nasty things he said to me, but I feel like he stole whatever was left of my kindered spirit. 

I know he was a jerk, but I really sunk into a deeper depression that almost cost me my life because everything got to be too much. Too much loss. 

I’m worse than before. I hate myself more than I ever did.
I know he’s never going to change his mind, or feel badly. My summer started with listening to Juice by Lizzo to never wanting to hear it again because he used me quick. I’m not one to be stupid, but he’s a master manipulator. It kills me.