Life is too longI don't feel like I want to live for that long. There's litterally nothing to live for. Everyone else around me has something to live for so I can understand why they would wanna live as long as possible, but thats not how it is for me. Some people are just not meant to live that long. I have already accomplished everything that I could. I'm at a dead end and the only thing I can accomplish from here is to make myself suffer even more. Let me explain some things: 

I have anxiety and depression. This is ruining my life in every way possible. I am in therapy and take meds. More specifically 100mg of sertraline. I don't think therapy is helping at all. The meds have helped me but when you're worthless you're worthless. I still have no motivation and no self esteem. The only thing the meds did was that they stopped the constant anxiety I had before. The anxiety was really that bad, it was there 24/7. 

I have dropped out of university twice now. I used to be good in school but I guess I lost it somewhere along the way. I can't focus and I don't seem to be interested in anything. I really tried my best but still failed at everything. That lead to me losing even more motivation. And this lead to me giving up because whats the point of torturing myself by studying but still failing? Also I got extreme anxiety almost every time I was supposed to do a group project because I'm just so uncomfortable around unknown people. 

I'm a 20 year old virgin because I'm a very boring person and I have no dating skills whatsoever. I hate my body too because I'm very hairy. This prevents me from even going to the gym or swimming, let alone being intimate. I could just shave but I would have to do it like everyday because I'm very hairy and it grows back really quickly. So I'm very ashamed of my body. I have no hobbies so its very hard for me to talk about myself. I do nothing all day so I'm very limited in things to talk about. Sure I could just find a hobby but its not that easy when I'm unable to like anything. There's just something wrong with my brain so that it doesn't let me feel happiness. There's nothing I can do about that. I lie to my friends and say that I'm not a virgin because I just don't want to be picked on. I am very undesirable so of course no girl has ever flirted with me. Thats just sci-fi to me at this point. 

But I really crave love. It got so bad that I actually stalked and threatened a girl who I was talking to. She didn't even like me like that but it was still the closest I ever got to love. So when she tried to leave me I threatened her but immediately regretted it and let her go. Why I did this was because I believed she was my only chance at love, and I was probably right. She was easy to control and if I wanted to I could've easily kept her by keep threatening her. Looking back at it now I regret not being strong enough to keep threatening her. I know how that sounds and I know its wrong but this is litterally life or death for me. I've set a suicide date in 10 years. I will commit suicide if I'm still alone by then. And she was probably my only chance. So by losing her I have technically killed myself. "But what about her feelings?" Thats a good question. Ideally I don't want to force anyone to be with me but that is simply not possible so I would have to sacrifice her well being for my benefit. I didn't do it because it made me feel really bad but now I'm much more cold and I think I would be able to do it if I ever got the chance again. 

I smoke weed to get at least some happiness. Litterally the only time I feel genuinely happy is when I'm high. Without it I'm empty at best and sad af at worst. I try to limit myself because I don't want to be dependent on it. But sometimes the pain is unbearable and I just have to smoke weed to numb the pain. I don't drink because I do very stupid shit while drunk and I even almost killed myself once when I was drunk. 

I'm also very into incest. To the point where I can't masturbate without thinking about relatives. Even if I'm watching porn I still have to imagine my relatives. I'm very hypersexual so this became a big problem when I started considering to send a dick pic to my aunt and cousin. I'm thankful that the pills have made me less horny because I also used to jerk off to porn too much before. 

TL;DR I'm worthless, dangerous and disgusting. It would be better for both myself and everyone around me if I just didn't live.