My life is pointless since I'm not the one driving it and I have suicidal thoughtsI'm 25, male and single child of my parents. I am currently living with my parents. I come from an south Indian background and my parents are over protective. Below are the things that happened to me from when I was a child and thinking about all these things make me want to kill myself. 

Ever since a small child, I was told to study and work hard so that I can get good grades and get an admission in a good high-school. I wasn't allowed to go play with other kids or hangout with them because " studies are more important than friends" - my parents told me. Then I got into high school and this time, I had to study even harder ( measured by hours i had to sit with books in my hands) to get admission is college. I had zero friends at that time. And i barely go out 20 mins a day for a walk other than being in school. Kids at school were mean, bullied me because of my skin color and no one talked to me. Being in home made me sick, insecure,  scared and alone. Even I couldn't eat what I wanted to eat. I hated meat and I was forced to eat meat and I'll get beaten if I don't eat. I needed a new hobby but I was forced to keep a book in my had everytime I tried to explore anything that would turn into a hobby. My parents would get angry on silly things and beat me when they were in a bad mood. Once someone stole my textbook at school and I was punished at home by kneeling down naked and beaten up by a coconut broomstick which hurts like hell and it wasn't enough. My mom heated a knife and put it on my hand until it burned my skin. She'll kiss me at night for going through the punishment. My dad would beat me with whatever he could find in his hands if his mood was bad and if I did even a small mistake. They like beating the shit out of me naked. 

After I passed high school, my parents gave me two options for career - doctor / mechanical engineer. I  was brainwashed and never had an opportunity to know what I really want. I took computer science engineering instead of engineering of their choice and since I was into computers and had to argue and fight with my parents for my first ever decision about my life. Still get beat up for small reasons. I was still not allowed to go out with friends. I was always an awkward guy to be around since I had never been around friends that much. Slowly I lost all my friends because I didn't hang out with them. I was left alone and I felt like an outcast. I told my parent I wanted more freedom. They tried to convince that friendship is not important, studies are and again, I get beat up if I argue. 

I started lying, skipped college classes to go out alone, made two friends who now helped me understand in how much of a bad situation I am. I was getting better. I wanted to talk to parents about my feelings but I'd get beat up so I shut my mouth and keep it all inside. 

Got a degree, a job and after few years, now I was 22,  still living with my parents. I am a computer science engineering earning a decent salary.  Fell in love and  introduced my love to my parents and they threatened my girlfriend and their family to stay away from me behind my back! ( my dad's a cop so he abuses his power where ever he can  ) she broke up without telling what exactly happed between my parents and theirs. Same happened with my second girlfriend. I was not allowed to spend time with friends because I fell in love. I had to go to work and come back home within an hour after work. I couldn't take it anymore. 

I wanted to move out of my parents home but, got emotionally blackmailed that my mom will take her own life so I had to stay. My mom now has obsessive compulsive disorder and my dad lives far away because of work. He visits me and mom for two months in a year. Anytime I'd bring up that I want to leave the house, I'll be emotionally blackmailed that I have to take care of mom. She cry everytime I tell her I want to move out. I love her and she takes advantage of it. I still wanted move out so my parents tricked me to buy a property and asked me to take a loan and they used my credit cards for their unwanted needs to keep me in debt. Now I cannot leave because I'm fucked if I leave. I'm stuck in  a place where neither I can move out, nor stay with them. 

My parents are manipulative, cunning,  I know all and I'm always right attitude, blackmailing, and they are controlling my whole life. They'd break my stuffs if they're angry. They will lecture me how greatfull I am to have such good parents and I should worship them for what they have done for me for all these years. I love them and that just one of many weakness I have that they exploit to control my life. Still I'm not allowed to go out and hangout with friends or alone because I am in debt and they say I should be working hard to close all my debts. She won't cook everyday and I had to get good from outside everyday which cost more money. 

I feel like I have to purpose of being alive. Even a dogs get treated better. I am now wanting to end my life because I feel like I'm broken. I'm trapped inside a vessel which I can only come out of my master rubs the lamp. I have sacrificed my love, my dream, my time, my money, all my energy for this family and all they do is emotionally blackmail me to make me feel worse. I've give them love and they return me something else just labeling it as love. I have toxic parents and I Want to kill myself to free from these bullshit but I cannot do it. 

Can anyone suggest me a way to overcome this please?