i don’t know what to do.I’ve been screaming and crying for help for the past 2 years. I’m 16, and yes, to most people they’ll just think this is a phase now. but it’s not. i wish it was just a stupid fucking “edgy angsty” phase but it’s more than that. I’ve felt this way since middle school (junior in highschool now). The first time I asked my parents for help, I asked to go to a therapist because I was feeling depressed. They did nothing. I asked at least 3 times after, still no help. The second time I ran to my dad, crying, and told him I wanted to kill myself. He told me he loved me, but after he told me, “you don’t feel that way” and told me that I was fine and should be happy because I have a good life. i still got no help. The third time I told my mom I need to see a therapist because I need help. She told me that I had no right to feel that way because I have a good life and loving parents. After this, I gave up asking for help from them. i went to a school counselor and told her I was overwhelmed with life and wanted everything to stop. She told me it made no sense why I felt this way because I had easy classes and my workload wasn’t that heavy. I tried to explain to her it wasn’t just school, it was everything, but she didn’t listen. I told one of my friends how sad and depressed I feel, she told me to get out of my emo phase. I have been SCREAMING for help and I’ve tried so fucking hard to get the help I know I need but no one listens. I don’t have many friends, I’m very introverted and awkward, so it’s not like I have many people to go to other than the one friend I tried, who really is my only friend (although we don’t even really talk anymore). I feel so alone and hopeless. I’m ready to end it. I don’t know what else to do I tried so hard to find help. I honestly believe if things don’t get better within 2 years, i’m gone, if not sooner. im sorry for wasting your time with this post. i just needed to get everything out. im so fucking hopeless at this point. 