In a reallybad place right nowSo I’m in a horrible state today. Usually I just act like everything’s fine and try living my life the best I can, suppressing every single memory and thought. I know it’s not healthy, but I need to carry on somehow and therapy didn’t work the slightest.
I suppose I just need to get it all of my chest at this point and this sub seems like a good place for this.

Idk how to start this... You’ve gotta know I look like a happy, blonde chick who’s got everything she could ask for. People think I’m arrogant and rude when I’m actually just scared to talk to them... There’s still a lot more than what I’ll write here, but I want to keep it short.

I’ve had loads of family issues. My dad cheated on my mother for 12 years. Starting when I was like 3 maybe. They’re still married. But it left him with severe depression and burnout syndrome, he’s drinking as well.
Meaning for me that he never actually was a dad to me. I barely saw him growing up and we never bonded. If we talk he usually just tells me to shut up or hang myself. I can barely bring myself to say hello at this point. So that’s that.

I was a pretty outgoing child and got along with anyone, but after transferring to middle school at 9 I became extremely shy, insecure and basically ate my feelings.
I became fat and was bullied in school for every single day for over five years. By now, I understand why they did it. I was ugly and too scared to talk after all. I’d rather spend my tome with books and video games than with actual people. That was when I started therapy.

At 14 I transferred schools and it became much better. I found some friends and my looks changed for the better. I finally felt like being in control at 16. Even though that was the time when my dad‘s cheating was revealed, I handled it quite well considering the situation.

At 17 I met my first bf, everything was going great. He was a quiet nerd and I really loved that. He was smart, ambitious and made me feel like I was worth something. I felt loved for the first time in my life.
Until he started to make me dependent on him. It began slowly so I didn’t realize it. After about half a year, I felt completely worthless and anything I did was only for the sake of pleasing him. To shorten this: there was verbal and physical abuse, blackmail, rape and other stuff.

I finally managed to build up the courage to leave, but couldn’t handle it all.
I dropped out of school, started cutting a lot, drank until I passed out, had tons of one night stands to get over my fear of men and took very strong meds. I did anything to simply forget. He proceeded to stalk me and my friends to get me back. I never was so terrified.
I got back into therapy. This was 3 years ago and I still wake up screaming from the nightmares. When I do, I just want to end it all. There’s still mot a single day going by that I’m not terrified of him coming back.
But things only get worse from here.

In that summer at 17 I made the mistake of telling my dad. He said it was all my fault. I fell into a very deep hole and the alcohol/medication thing got way worse. I didn’t really tell anyone after that.
Except an Internet friend. We’d been talking for quite a while. She proceeded to ask me for very specific details about the physical abuse and rape. Later on she said she used that to get off and blamed me for being mad since „she (mtf pre-op) would never be able to experience this“. She also called me a whore, a slut and whatnot. Needless to say I’d stopped talking to her. She hit me up un Saturday rambling about how selfless she’d always picked me up and what a disgusting person I was for not answering her texts etc etc.
I guess this is what makes me write all this.

So about the same time of the breakup, my best friend killed himself. I still remember exactly how he told me he knew I could do this all without him and how he’d watch out for me from above.
I still think about how I could’ve saved him. I still think it’s all my fault.

At 18 I then met a guy I felt like I could trust. We became a couple and moved in together a few months before my 19th birthday. Well a few days before my birthday I found out he hadn’t been paying rent formonths, which got us thrown out. I immediately broke up. I lost all my savings in this.
Haven’t trusted any man ever since. Or anyone at all really.

Then later that year there was a horrible car crash. Rolled over two times and crashed into a tree. I still get terrified to drive in the rain.

I’m 20 now and as I said, I try my best to suppress all of this. I’m also completely clean from alcohol and medication, but still cut when I get a panic attack. It’s the only thing that’ll bring me down. Believe me, I’ve tried anything.

But at this point I’m so scared of people. Scared of being addicted again. Scared of him coming back. Scared of talking to my dad. Honestly often just scared of myself. I’m worrying I’ll just snap and end it all.
It just all terrifies me and I can’t handle it anymore.

If anyone actually read all this. Thank you for caring enough and sorry for wasting your time.