Please help me feel betterHi everyone,

I'm a college student in the US. I don't really have anyone to vent to, and tonight is the first night I have felt suicidal and I just need some cheering up to get me out of this hole.

I am living at home due to the pandemic. At home I feel incredibly lonely. I have a severely disabled sibling who can't talk, so my parents spend all day either working to support the family, or taking care of him. My parents are also immigrants, and we live in a town that is not very diverse. Kids at my high school were mean and bullied me literally because of my family situation. This made me develop severe anxiety and I didn't have many friends, mainly just a few acquaintances. I have also never had anything remotely close to a relationship to this day. 

My first semester of college was in-person and I finally started to make a few good friendships. I was starting to feel better and then the pandemic hit and my life has just gone downhill since then. I can't leave the house since my sibling and one of my parents are high-risk, so my entire day used to consist of attending virtual class, doing homework, watching some TV and going to bed. School was the only thing I looked forward to since I like to learn. Now it is winter break and I don't have school so I am extremely bored all day or needing to take care of family.

I thought I could develop those few college friendships more during this pandemic, but it seems like all of those friends have just resorted to talking to closer friends that they had. Yesterday on Facebook I wished them a Merry Christmas, asked how they were doing and if they would like to catch up. This morning all of those conversations were just left on "Seen" :( I feel like if I just threw my phone down a well, I would not get a single text from anyone. 

I feel so isolated and am severely depressed these days. I don't feel like I have any motivation in life anymore. How can I change this?

If you read all of my post, thank you. It means a lot.