I've failed. I'm 40 years old. I've been married to my second wife for eight years. I can't make love to her any more. I don't think I'm in love with her any more. She's a beautiful and amazing woman, at least in my eyes, and she loves me very much - which makes me feel like a monster whenever I try to confront and admit the way I feel. I'm holding her back from finding someone who will truly love her without reservation. 

 I've been unemployed since July. I was going to go back to school - my wife had finally gotten a new job, and it paid well, and we discussed the situation and decided that I should take the opportunity to improve myself so I could get a better job and build a better future for us. I quit my factory job - which was destroying me both mentally and physically - enrolled in a local college, and was set to begin classes the next semester. Then she got fired. This is the fourth job she's lost in two years. I thought this one would be different, since it actually used the degree I helped her get, but instead I had to drop all my classes and start looking for a job again. As a middle aged GED student, it seems like higher education is something I've wasted any chance of getting. 

No place is hiring. Same story everywhere, blah blah blah. 40 years old, retail and manufacturing experience, only other skills I have are singing and acting - nether of which pay the bills. I'm applying to anything I see that I qualify for and pays more than $9/hr. But nothing. I know that I could walk back into my last job, but if I did that I know I wouldn't be strong enough to survive another month. Literally. 

So here I am. Penniless. Uneducated. Just this side of homelessness. In a marriage to an otherwise good woman who can't stay employed, who loves me, who I love less by the day - though I know how lucky I am to have someone who loves me, and how much of a fool I'd have to be to throw her away. I can't do what I love, which is perform, for a living. I'm not officially qualified to land a decent job, let alone a career, and also unable to gain the education I'd need to change that.

Tl;dr: I'm tired. I'm just so tired, all of the time. I can't seem to improve my life, no matter what I do. I'll never retire. I'll work shit jobs until I die young. I'm a failure. I'm a monster. I'm enriching exactly no lives by continuing to exist. 