my sister is trying to be me even though she treats me like shit and ignores me, I'm suicidal because of thisI asked my sister two years ago to store at her house my synthesizer and some boxes of barbie dolls from the 80s because my place had mold and was small. So a few weeks ago I finally managed to move to a better place and wanted my things back. She lives with her dad and he gave her a car so it would be no big deal for her to drive to my place with my things. Anyway turns out the last month she got my synthesizer without my permission and started playing in a band with old friends of mine. She hid it from me. My mom knew everything and even went to her rehearsals. I discovered because my sister changed and was treating me like shit for a month while I was trying to get a place to move, she totally ignored me. My mom took her side, my sister is the youngest and could kill a person and yet she can do no wrong, my mom never defends me even though I'm the oldest. I think it's because my mom hates my father. The thing is, we are not kids. My sister is 36 and I'm 40years old. I got that synthesizer from my grandmother, she bought for me when I was 16,  self taught, I composed songs all by myself found a singer and made a band, it was something so huge that I got a record deal with a foreign label and was a known artist, until the singer backed out and gave up because he didn't want to move overseas. I moved overseas, went through hell even sold hot dogs in the streets and worked in a factory just to buy gear and a plane ticket so he could join me. For him it was a hobby but for me it was my life, so I couldn't find another singer and had to forget my dream of recording a full lenght album. It triggered depression, celiac and anorexia, I nearly died with a BMI of 11. So I quit playing music because of the trauma, I still kept my synth hoping that some day when I feel healthy I can conquer my demons. 
So now this. My sister got my synth, she not only is playing with friends of mine who she stole, but it's also the same genre of music I used to compose. She been copying me with everything, she even got waist long hair extensions and been wearing black like I always did, but my hair is long and natural she is just a copycat and she would never know anything about music if it wasn't for me who showed her, she looked up to me but now she want to be myself? this whole thing been making me suicidal and i've been on antidepressants since 1998, it's not working anymore, I've been thinking about hanging myself in a tree behind my place, I told my mom that I'm relapsing, she laughed at me and said that I should just off myself and be done with it. I feel a lot of despair and don't know what to do. I called my sister and she hung up, didn't let me speak. I tried to go to her place she  is never there, I  don't care about the synth, what I care is that she broke my trust, she knew what I went through and if she treats me like shit  why she needs my old synth? she has a lot of money because her dad is rich and she could buy any modern synth, better one, I don't get why she wants to copy me and hurt me like this. please someone give me some advice, I'm really suicidal and feeling hopeless, if she had asked me I would probably give her the synth, but she just stole and my mom doesn't give a shit about me, she is an alcoholic, even when I was dying of anorexia weighing 65lbs she didn't go visit me in the hospital, so I cant ask for her help. Sorry for the typos, I'm nervous

TLDR: my sister is trying to be me even though she treats me like shit and ignores me, she stole my synthesizer and now is trying to live the life I had before I became ill. I'm suicidal, voices in my head say that I'm a failure and my family hates me, I've watched videos on liveleak so I can learn how to hang myself