I deserve to die4 years ago when I was 18 I befriended a girl. Didn’t know her age as we just chatted on Instagram a few times. She shows me around the town I just moved to for college and I meet her friends and boyfriend. She invited me to her belated birthday party and now I find out she is only 15. I was shocked but I still went to the party (it was at a waterpark). A few weeks later we still chatted and she came to see my new apartment and we played some Xbox. Then she tells me her and her bf broke up. I dropped her off at home and needed to charge my phone so sat on her bed while it charged. She leaned her head on my shoulder and I didn’t say anything. Few weeks later she invited me to a music festival with her family who liked me very much and so I went. She was very touchy (leaning on me and always standing kinda close to me) and it felt wrong. I wanted to leave early as I was tired and she said she’d walk with me to my car . I hugged her goodbye and she leaned in and kissed me. Not make out but open kiss on the lips. I let it happen. Then I freaked out because I kind of thought we were just mates. And she’s 15 which disgusted me. I stopped speaking to her gradually over the next month and pretended to be busy every time she wanted to hang out or whatever. Never spoke to her again since last week when I messaged her to apologise for giving off the impression that I was interested in anything more than friendship. 

I hate myself and truly deserve death because when I was 18 turning 19 later that year I chatted to a girl and later found out she was 16. I still went to her house and watched a movie and went to a wine farm with her family and walked in the park with her. We never kissed but one time I was watching a movie on the couch and she came and kind of cuddled me briefly and I cuddled her back. Once again I cut off communication with her when reflecting on what happened. That was also the same year as this other girl. 

I want to die because I feel like a disgusting predator or something and I truly believe I am an evil person. It’s disgusting that same 16 year old started dating a guy a year older than me in my college a few months after I cut contact with her. Still, he someone can live with himself and I have to force myself to swallow when I eat because I feel sick to my stomach 24/7. How could I make the same mistake twice in such a short span of time? The girl who was 15 I reached out to and apologized and she said I didn’t need to at all but I still can’t shake this feeling of being an awful person. I seriously would rather not be living anymore