I am at the brink of killing myselfHello everyone, 

English is not my native language and last few weeks have been devastating for me, I am sorry for any spelling or grammatical errors. 
I need to share this burden with someone, there will be lots and different of information, I do not know how this will impact you, I do apologize if it is too much for you. 

I've always been a troubled kid, I've been having difficulties with my parents - they loved me too much and let me do all kind of stupid things and receiving "no" from them was rarely happening. 
Thus spoiled teenager, yet we were poor I was growing up having to check prices and how much money I have until the end of the week all the time. 
And as you can imagine, being spoiled with being poor is bad. 
I started training kick-box, sadly a bad injury had me with bad doctors and I got severely obese. 
I was not able to lose weight for quite some time, eventually I was able to. 
I have been through lots of girls through my years (I am 30 years old at the moment). But never had The One. 
One of my passions are vehicles, all of them, the more tires it has - the more I like it. 
Lots of years ago, because we are one of the countries in Europe with the most deaths per 100 000 people on the road and I've saved and tried to help to lots of crashes (I was a personal driver for several years), I started a safety course to improve the skills of the people, that would like to have better skills. Absolutely free of charge. I love driving and I want safer roads with safer drivers. 

2012, driving normally through my town, an old person decided to go on the street between all parked cars without looking into my direction. He was 90 years old. I was driving slow but there was no way to see him and I hit him. Unfortunately because he was very old, no matter how slow I was driving it was enough for him. He passed away few hours later in the hospital. 
I was devastated, I did not sleep, eat, go out with friends, I was having so many panic attacks I stopped existing. 
I live in a country in Europe that is so damn fked up, that if there is a pedestrian being hit by a car, no matter what (unless you are of the very, very rich people) - you get a sentence. 
Few years back, a friend of mine has been parked next to his girlfriend's apartment and was waiting for her in the car. A guy decided to jump from the roof and kill himself, he landed on the card of my friend. My friend got a sentence. It's that bad. 
I didn't care that I was sentenced because I was not living any life back then. I didn't get to prison, but if you are convicted here, you cannot get a job, no matter how skilled you are. 
A year after the conviction was confirmed my mother died of grief of what happened, my father is in bad health because of the conviction and my mother's death (they were over 35 years together). 
After 2-3 years of therapy I started living again, started going out, travelling. 2 years ago I met this girl, she is incredible and I love her so very much. 
Last year we received the news that we will be parents. 
2 years ago me and a very close friend of mine started own company (well, he started it, I was just there helping with what I could). 
Everything was okay, I was with just a few panic attacks here and there, was able to travel, the company was going sort of okay, slow, but we were paying bills. 
I am going to be a father (we are very close to the day on which the kid should be born). 
And suddenly, 3 weeks ago I have received news that sent me to the hospital with blood pressure crisis. 
I am to owe nearly 150 000$ to the successor of the man I hit 7 years ago. 
This is in a country, where the average salary is about 600$. The initial "credit" was 100 000$ but because of interest rate that is about 10.5% per year, and it can go back just 5 years, I owe 150 000$. I had just had a credit so I can fix a few rooms so we can live. And that is all gone. 
I am working for little as 550$ per month at the moment. I am expecting a child, she works for less money. We were able to live some life, but now.. 
This happening I hadn't had food for over 1 week, did not sleep, I am constantly with panic attacks. 
I started recording videos saying I am sorry to everyone and thinking of a way to end it. 
You might ask - didn't you have insurance back then? 
Sure I had, I was not drunk nor drugged, everything was up to date. 
But, because I live in a sht country, because the person was too old, the court shouldn't have ordered so much money to be paid, thus the insurance wont pay them. End of story. I cant do anything about that. 
Having that much of a dept means that whenever I start a new job - I will have all my money collected by a private debt collector (whatever the name is in English for the people that collect debts), I cant own anything as it will be taken by him. 
I do not know where to go from here. 

I've been hiding this from everyone. There is no way for me to pay the money I have barely a few things to sell and they will get me nothing. 
I cant get a better job, as I am convicted and nobody wants to hire me. 
And because of this thing, I have been having high blood pressure lately, and I am feeling even worse.

I have had my life taken away and I cant stay on it anymore. I am constantly feeling like having a heart attack or a stroke, but my health was good, now with the high blood pressure is bad, but still. 

The killing myself part is scaring the sht out of me, yet living is worse at the moment. 

I do not know what to do, I do not know which path to take. Everyone is saying - it will get better, it will pass, you will fix it. 

I have been having nightmares with the person I hit for years, I've woke up in the middle of the night crying. Trying to hit the brakes of the car... but all was over. 
Everyone is saying to me to not feel bad for it as it was not my fault, he wasnt on a zebra or traffic light. I don't care about that, I took a man's life, it was an accident and it has been haunting me for years. 

It is not the first time that I though what would be like to do it. But this is the first time I actually started planning everything and preparing mentally that this is the end... 

This is an account that is not the one I use here, as I want to remain anon. 

Thank you for going through the whole wall of text.