After a year or two clean of suicidal ideation, it's back.I'm low. I'm really really low.   

I want nothing more than to spew everything on a sheet of paper that will put some sort of linearity to my thoughts but I can't. I gave up sleeping and got up tonight at 4:30 A.M. in the hopes that writing would help, and this subreddit is a nice outlet for saying things you can't tell anyone but that you can't keep in your head. But I can't even think of what to say.   

I'm in a relationship with someone I love. Her family loves me. They really, really love me. I feel like I have a place, like I'm a puzzle piece that fits snug into their family unit. I love her. But I feel like she's emotionally unavailable for the most part. I know she cares but I've had a really rough time with depression this summer, as she knows, and not once has she asked me this entire summer "how was your depression today?" Although that's not really fair I guess because she'll ask me how I am and the best answer I can think of is "okay" because I've lost the ability to tell people how I am. Also you know what she \*has\* asked me a few times how I've been doing depression-wise. So she does care, but... I don't know? Maybe I'm just being clingy. Maybe I'm the emotionally unavailable one, or maybe I'm just being a narcissist and I expect her life to revolve around my mental wellbeing. I don't know.  

I can't stop second guessing myself with every interaction I have. I'm so terrified of saying something to anyone that will hurt them and I don't know how to verbalize my emotions anymore. I was a pretty emotionally volatile teenager and I dragged someone down once because of it and now I feel like I beat that part out of me \*too much\*. In fact, I encountered that person again (sort of) recently and opened up to them a few times, but I feel like every time I said anything they just assumed the worst of me and threw it in my face and I can't get their words out of my head. It was like they knew exactly which insecurities to hit and exactly which buttons to push. I can't get their words out of my head. I can't get their fucking words out of my head. I don't know why they were so mean so often. They acted like they wanted to hear what I had to say and then they sank a pin into my tongue every time it came from my mouth. I'm kind of angry at them for it, I guess, but then I also feel like I deserved it. I don't know. I hurt them so much a long time ago (and it looks like I did it again) then changed everything about myself. I feel like I've regressed back. But I did get out of the rut once. 

I've spent the time since then as some sort of weird guru. I didn't mean for it to end up this way, but I found that some people have an easy time talking to me and I have this impulse to be that shoulder-to-cry-on. After I got myself out of my last rut of depression, I was in such a happy and grateful-to-be-alive state that I was more than willing to "give back" by listening to people and talking to them. I was so happy and grateful just to have friends. Before I knew it, it was like this clique formed around me. A couple of people kept calling me "leader" of this group of friends which I should take pride in I guess but it just makes me uncomfortable when you get down to it. I felt like some sort of cult leader. I never wanted a clique, I just wanted friends.   

Things started to get tough for me again. I neglected my responsibilities to myself and I started a slow spiral earlier this year. I felt like nobody really cared, and I saw some friends just sort of check-out when their personal counselor was unable to be helpful because he wasn't doing well himself. On the other hand, maybe they were trying to help and I was just ignoring them. Maybe I'm just being egotistical and I really was a friend to them, and I just inflated my ego and subconsciously thought of myself as the "leader" of this group after I first heard the word applied to me. I don't know.  

I can't figure out what feelings are irrational and what aren't. I feel like I don't have a right to any feeling that anybody has done me any wrong anytime ever because I have done so much wrong. It's like my self-care moral compass has been completely shattered.   

Being around my family this summer has been weird. My relationship with everybody improved when I got out of the rut, and there's been little conflict, but I just kind of... feel... unloved? My only sibling has never really cared to listen to my problems. She was the only other one that experienced some of the same neglect and abuse from our parents, she's the only one that I could possibly relate to. She's the only one that could possibly make sense of some of our upbringing and she has absolutely no interest in it. It's always been this way with her so I guess this summer's reminder is no surprise. She never says "I love you" when we get off the phone, it's always me and she'll usually have already hung up or will hastily say it as if it's just "Polo" to a "Marco". She never gives me a hug when I see her. She never, ever, ever asks me "how are you?". When I see she's having a rough time, I try talk to her about her day. Usually talking to her about work is the best way to get her to talk. I mostly just do it because I like getting her to talk to me, as if she's interested in what I have to say. I don't think she's stopped viewing me as her annoying little brother. I love her and I need her help, I've always needed her help, but I feel like she's never thought I was worth her time. Maybe I'm just needy. She works hard and is raising two beautiful children - and shit, you know, she's pregnant too - and so it's not like I think she needs more shit to worry about. I just am sad because I am beginning to accept she and I will never be close and I wish I was close to her.   

My mom is stressed because of her new job and her current living situation, which is a little jacked, and so she hasn't really had much time to deal with me. I don't blame her. Her negativity has really had an impact on me. I didn't realize how dysfunctional that aspect of her was until this summer, perhaps because positive-thinking only recently became a huge part of how I took care of myself. She's always quick to resort to doomsday when things get stressful. It stresses me out. When my girlfriend visited, she constantly complained about the apartment she was in and would just rant and rant about her stress and it was embarrassing. She's just \*so negative\*. So I feel like she's not interested in how I'm doing because she's busy, but I still am expected to listen to her deepest most anxious outbursts day in and day out. The last time I was climbing out of a rut, she was really supportive. It was really good. It was healing from the upbringing I'd received from her, and I felt like I could finally forgive her for a lot of the trauma she'd caused me. But this time, when I came home and was clearly a basket case I felt like she just wasn't really interested. Thankfully, I'm not a basket case anymore but I'm just \*so goddamn depressed\* and she hasn't once asked me "how are you doing?", either. Both my mom and my sister haven't really been interested in it. Maybe it's because they've finally gotten tired of the problem-child's shit. I don't blame them. Maybe my problem is that I'm expecting my family to kiss my mental boo-boos or whatever. Maybe my problem is I'm expecting everyone to do it.   

My dad has been... well, my dad. Listened to him ramble for forty minutes the other day in which he told more lies about his abuse towards my mom and both me and my sister than I can count, called himself an asshole and the nicest guy he knows in the same breath, and told me about how the entire world is about money and everybody wants to "cut your throat". Same ol' same ol'.   

I've had some friends check in on me. But... I don't know what to tell them when they do give me what I'm sad not to get from my family, that "how are you?" text. Sometimes I managed to squeak out "depressed" and every now and then I really have been blessed by their kind words, but I never feel like I've actually told them anything. I can't figure out why I'm feeling this way.   

Being in public is hell. It's absolute hell. I dissociate very, very easily in public. Usually my trigger is overhearing someone say something that sounds like my name or sounds like it has to do with me, and then - blam! - I'm out of it and it's like I have short-term memory loss and it's like I can't think of anything but the fact that I need to go home and get away from people. I never really thought of myself as somebody with social anxiety until my therapist nailed it as exactly that when I told her what was going on. I always feel like I have to explain myself, and I oscillate between being stand-offish from sheer insecurity and being overly-friendly from... well, the same thing. I felt like I always had to explain myself to the person I mentioned earlier and every explanation just made things worse. Maybe there isn't an explanation for the way I am and I'm just fucked in the head and a piece of shit and I'll never be anything but this.  I don't know why I'm like this. I can't figure it out.

I'm not really allowing myself the opportunity in some respects, I guess. I've been drinking, like, almost every night. It's the only thing that makes the anxiety go away enough so that I can sleep. It's horrible for me, I know. My mom is a recovering alcoholic and I myself have been around the block with substance abuse, in fact it was that very problem that drove me to insanity one and near-insanity recently. So like lmao what the fuck am I doing but it's the only way I can get to sleep lmaooooo  

I made a commitment to stay away from substances a while ago and it's safe to say I relapsed. I'm taking steps to get my life back on track. Friday will be my first of two 2-hour appointments in which I'm getting a comprehensive psychological evaluation done. At the end of it, I'll have the most intensive map of my head that I ever will have had in my life. I'll be using it to connect me to mental health resources in the area my school is at so that I don't spiral again.   

I'm terrified of going back to school, but school is the only thing that gets me out of bed and to not go back would be to lose everything. The people there really, really hate me. Or maybe they don't and it's just a few people and I'm making it out to be worse than it is in my head. In fact, there's a lot of people there that like me. I'm blessed to have that. But this entire year I tried to ignore a problem that wouldn't go away - the problem of infamy. I'm just going to go back, keep my head down, stay away from greek houses, stay away from parties, study, study, study, and get off to grad school. But I'm terrified. I'm terrified of those people. I'm a big ol' pussy when it comes to something as little as mean words. I'm far more likely to believe someone when they say something negative about me than when they say something positive, ESPECIALLY when I'm in a rut. I feel like I lack that ability other people have to say "fuck what that asshole thinks" because I torture myself over every person's slightest negative comment. I think that's part of the reason my encounter with that person fucked me up so much. And I think their opinion might be entirely negative. I think they might hate me. A while ago, I told them they should, I think. You reap what you sow, I guess.   

I hate my body. I hate my born sex. For the past near-year, every time I look in the mirror and I look down at what part I was born with I get this sickness in my stomach, this knotted feeling like I'm looking at something that's not me. When someone says something to me like, "oh, as you well know, all men have done X or think Y or blah blah blah" my anxiety rises and I nod and smile as if playing some part I never read the script for. I spend some nights scrolling through the LGBTQ communities and envying the people that have figured out how to deal with gender dysphoria. I hate the sex I was born with and I wish I was born as the other one but I don't want to confront the implications of that because to be transgender in today's world is a whole heaping mess of additional societal scrutiny I can't deal with. So instead I've just boxed that problem up and shoved it away and for now I'm telling myself that labels aren't important, anyways. That adage fails me every time I look in the mirror and feel that sense of doom.   

The bright side is I think that I'm finally starting to unspiral but it is a long, long, long way up. I wish my sister wanted to check up on me, and I don't know why I keep expecting her to. She stopped a long time ago.   

Maybe all of this is just me not wanting to grow up.  

I wish somebody would just tell me they want to listen to me, all of me, all of it, and not tell me I'm a piece of shit for the things I say and tell me it's all going to be okay and tell me why. I can't expect my girlfriend to do that for me because that would be immensely unhealthy, for me to just dump all the above shit on her, and I don't really think there's ever going to be anyone that will ever want to listen to all that bullshit and parse through it to weave together some comforting tale about why it's all going to be okay. I want someone to hold me and listen to me, all of me, all of it, and let me cry into them and I don't think that's ever going to happen.   

I'm immensely concerned about that person I mentioned earlier but they make me feel like shit and I think I probably do the same thing to them and I don't think I'm ever going to move on and I don't think we're ever going to make amends.   

I have faith in God but it is failing me this time for some reason. I know He has a plan for all of us but that does not mean He has a happy plan for all of us, sometimes His plan is for us to serve His image. Has my "happy" plan of His ended, and am I now just a warning to alcoholic mothers, abusive fathers, apathetic sisters, predatory peers, and kids that are thinking of trying out drugs? Is His plan now just for me to serve Him by being a cautionary tale? 

Does anyone care? Is there anyone out here that didn't see this wall of text and just say "yikes" and click away? 