Diary Entry of a Numb, Sad Soul**Wednesday, August 23, 2017 (11:17PM)**

Were I to die tomorrow, how long would it take before anyone asked where I was?  Would anyone even care?  All my friends have moved on and away with their lives and I am stuck – trapped in a dead-end job with only the hope and dream of meeting that bitter end.  Spread my ashes on the closest dumpster when I am gone; no one will notice.

I am the laughing stock of my own personal hell; a complete and utter failure in my own eyes by doing everything my father asked without consideration for myself.  I changed my major from one I love to one I hate – at dad’s suggestion.  I joined the family business, a dysfunctional shit-hole filled with people I hate – again, dad’s suggestion.  The majority of my life has been lived at the vicarious whim of someone else, and I have no one to turn to outside of them for support. 

My parents wanted the best for me; I understand that, though it makes little difference.  I want to kill myself because I listened to them.  I want them to know that I no longer wish to live, and I hold them accountable.  I can only find peace when I dream, for when I wake, the life they have given me holds a pall under which all tastes of ash.  I no longer dream. 

What happened to me?  I was so vibrant when I was younger.  Sensitive, yes, but goddamnit at least I had charisma going for me.  I should have gone towards my goals.  I should have been a better man for my own sake.  What is left of me?  Can it be salvaged?  Should I take the coward’s way out and bleed out on my apartment floor?  I’m not sure; I really don’t know anymore.  It’s unhealthy, this dismal spiral – I know that, I do.  But I really don’t want to change where I’m going.  Writing out this letter is the first thing I’ve done to address what I’m going through, and I’ll probably stow it away somewhere so no one else can read it.  I’d’ like to say that I keep going for my family’s sake, but I don’t care.  I don’t care about anything anymore, and that’s the problem.  My entire life has been one big, half-assed joke and if I had actually applied myself, I might have been in a completely different place than I am now.  It's that thought that has defeated me so quickly and so thoroughly, a storm under a clear blue sky.

The way things are going, I'm not going to make it to the end of the year and it doesn’t sadden me anymore, thinking as such. I’m waiting at this point. The death sentence has already been written; I need only the lever of the electric chair to be placed in my hand for the fireworks to start.  
