I have no reasons to keep going here is a long post about my life I left out the really depressing parts  

I don't know how long this post is going to be I'm basically just writing this for myself and putting it here on Reddit because I've lurked on this subreddit for months.

My life is a complete mess. I am 28 years old and I've never had a girlfriend, I've worked for a total of 1 year and 11 months since leaving school at two separate jobs. I have no friends, I can't drive, I still live with my mum, I went to college and got useless qualifications that haven't helped me one bit getting a job. I don't know how my life went to shit, when I was younger I was popular at school and got good grades but when I was 12 my parents relocated away from California to a tiny town in Idaho. I struggled to fit in at my new school, I had a couple of friends but they weren't excellent friends compared to the ones I had before. We sat beside each other in class and hung out during break but outside of school I was alone. I have no brothers or sisters and all of my family was back in California and I saw them maybe once or twice a year. During my last two years of high school I fell into depression. I was never a talkative person before this but this depression made me turn into a complete mute. I would go to school for months without speaking to anyone, I couldn't speak. I hated the sound of my own voice. I never knew how to respond to people and would stand there looking at them in a panic thinking about how I should reply. Of course people then find it rude I don't reply or that I just stared at them so they gave up speaking to me all together making me even more of a loner if that was even possible. I left high school with decent grades but I didn't know what to do next I didn't think I would get this far in life. I watched all my classmates go to proms and parties and say goodbye to each other as they left the tiny town they grew up in to go to colleges across the country but I wasn't going anywhere I was stuck here and I had no way to escape. My parents didn't care that I left high school and had no plans, they just kept working away and I sat indoors for months applying for any job that was available, there weren't many to apply for but I never even got a interview. So I decided to go to a small college and do some computing classes, I found them easy and passed them my parents were so proud that I had done it but I felt empty inside it didn't mean anything to me.

I kept applying for jobs, I found myself going insane just sitting inside all day looking for jobs and getting rejection emails from every job I applied for. Somehow I ended up getting a job at a office it was a 6 month contract so it wasn't permanent but it was something. For the first time in years I felt proud of myself. My parents were so happy for me and my Dad took me shopping for work clothes, spending a couple of hundred dollars on me but I wish he hadn't.

When I started this job I felt like a complete idiot. I was completely out of place I didn't know how to interact with my co-workers, I had nothing to say about anything. My life story was basically I was born in California moved to Idaho and now I'm here thats all I have to show for myself at 20 years old. The work at the office wasn't great but I expected to be treated like shit because it was a temp job and we were being paid next to nothing and working long hours. Every day I went in feeling sick with nerves, sometimes throwing up on my walk to work. The other new co-workers who started with me began to make friends and hang out with other workers and they were even told they would be made permanent if head office allowed it. I remember the office supervisor speaking to the two new co-workers and telling them that "I'm so happy with your work, both of you are fitting in and working so hard. Do you want to stay and get permanent contracts?" And then she turned looked right at me before looking away as if I wasn't there. I knew then I wasn't going to be staying I expected that because I knew everyone in the office found me to be a complete freak.

At the end of my contract on my last day at 5pm I was taken into the managers office and told sorry we aren't keeping you on. "No hard feelings" he said and he shook my hand and walked me out the building. That was the second time the manager had spoke to me in the entire six months. I had tried every day to speak to my co-workers and get over my social anxiety I felt like I was getting more confident as time progressed but obviously my early attempts made everyone decide I wasn't worth talking to.

This was the beginning of the worst period of my life. A few months of being back unemployed I awful stomach pains I went to the Doctors and got tests which cost a lot of money and basically wiped out all the money I had earnt and saved from my six months of work. Basically my gallbladder was in bad shape and I needed to take medication, which helped but I felt tired and ill every day. I continued my job search but nothing came up and honestly how the fuck it happened I don't know but five years of my life went by me being sick with my gallbladder needed to go to hospital about 5 times a year before the Doctors finally removed it. I was depressed, sick and jobless. It was embarrassing having family come to Idaho and see me every year and I just know they looked at me and thought what a fucked up failure I was. It got to the point that I would hide in my room when they came to visit, I was too ashamed although that’s a lie I was too anxious to step outside my tiny bedroom to speak to any of them.

Then one day I applied for a retail job at a store that had rejected me about 20 times before. This time the manager phoned me and gave me a interview. I was ecstatic, my parents were in shock more than anything. I got a haircut and went into that store and gave a shit interview stumbling over my words, pausing for minutes when asked a question, asking them to repeat themselves 5 times before they said "It doesn't matter" and moving onto the next question. I walked out of that interview and considered throwing myself off a cliff but I didn't and I am glad I didnt because I got the job! Sure it was minimum wage and only shit evening hours no one else wanted to work AND the supervisor told me no one else applied or wanted to work these shit hours so the managers were going to hire anyone who walked in the doors. I didn't care I had a job, I felt like a human again. I maybe have been 25 years old at this point but I felt like I was getting somewhere, my co-workers liked me. I worked hard every day I did all the shit jobs no one else wanted to, I worked the shit shifts and I didn't care. I saw old class mates from school and it didn't bother me that they were all richer and better off this little job meant everything to me. 

After being there for about 8 months a new girl started working there she was quiet like me and only worked the evenings with me. She and I got along and I thought maybe one day we would be boyfriend and girlfriend but she sent weird mixed signals somedays she would be all playful and flirty and the next day she would ignore me all day at work. So I just decided that she wasn't really interested in me and she left for another job anyway and never spoke to me again. I kept working at the store happy just to have a job that could pay off the debt that I had built up during my years of gallbladder problems. I would be paying it off for the rest of my life but at least I was making a dent in it. 

Then one day my Dad went to work like any other day, he said goodbye to me in the morning and off he went. And he never came home, he suffered a heart attack at work. At this point I went insane, how could it happen? A 52 year old healthy man, who never drank, smoke or ate any bad food suddenly die of a heart attack? Needless to say this destroyed my mum and I and my mum decided to move back to California to be nearer her family. I had a choice stay here in Idaho in a town I had wanted to escape for years and try to find somewhere to live or move back to California with my mum. I decided to follow my mum back to California which meant giving up my job and going back into the dreaded unemployment.

Since moving back to California my mum and I have barely spoken we're like strangers living in the same home. Applied for more jobs of course no luck, I'm just not meant to have a job I guess. I have applied for over 1000 jobs I don't know the exact number it would just make me more depressed. I don't know what it is about me, I'm not ugly, I don't smell bad but there is just something about me that makes people want to get away from me I guess. I feel like this is just how my life was meant to go and it's up to me to end it. I don't know why I am typing all this, theres so much more I could write about myself I'm a pathetic person a complete mess and I just want to go to sleep peacefully and never wake up.