A great end to an awesome year.Late last year (November '09) my husband and I put in an offer on our first home.  It was a short sale, our dream home.  It was perfect, on a good spot of land, easy access to all our favorite places, plenty of trees, and had private access to a lake right in our back yard.  2010 was going to be a great year.

As with any short sale home, we had to wait a good long while for the sale to be approved.  It finally was in March and we got our inspection and appraisal done.  We were getting the house for nearly $15 grand less than what it was worth.  It did need some electrical work done, though, before our loan officer would approve the sale.  We got it done on a Friday ($650 out of our own pockets) and we were scheduled to close that following Thursday.

Sunday we were at the house replacing some switch covers and installing some light fixtures that the inspector would have to Okay on Monday and a man walked up to the front door.  He was an appraiser for the bank.  The house had been foreclosed on and nobody ever told us.  He said it would be sold in auction Tuesday afternoon.

There was nothing we could do on a Sunday so first thing Monday morning we called our realtor, our bank, the seller, the seller's bank, and the seller's lawyers... but it was too late.  The house auctioned and sold Monday Morning at 11:00.  We had already taken a week and a half of vacation time to work on the house before moving in, paid for the appraisal, the inspection, and the electrical work.. not to mention the washer and dryer the seller had sold us along with the house (an extra $150).  

We talked to lawyers and made phone calls, fighting for the contract that didn't expire for another couple weeks.  We were assured the foreclosure would be overturned and we could still close, but a week later.  We packed up all our belongings into a truck since we would be homeless the next week.  Our realtor actually told us to stay in the house since she was positive we would get it.  The overturn never happened.  We were homeless and all together we were out $11,500.00 with the missed tax credit.  We lost all hope in human kind.

We managed to scrape up an apartment to live in but didn't have the heart to unpack.  We lived out of boxes for 2 months.  We ended up buying a much cheaper house about an hour out of the city that we could get with no down payment since we had no liquid funds left after paying off all our credit cards and our car loan and not getting the tax credit to reimburse us.

Two weeks after moving in, I was given the option to 'quit or be fired' at my job.  I worked from home and was unable to connect to the internet from our temporary location.  Since I had used all my vacation time in April for the first house, I was not getting paid.  I still logged into work and worked with their tech support to try to get my terrible internet working with their systems, but we were not paid for tech time off.  My husband picked up a second job, but it didn't make up for a quarter of what I was making.

Still, we pressed on.  We tried to bounce back and got into our new home.  A few weeks in, I got another new job from home which seemed much better than the other one.  I even got promoted after a month, but the position wasn't to start until the beginning or middle of November.  I worked extra hours for monetary bonuses and incentives and to also get recognized as the good worker that I am.

Well, I still have not been paid those bonuses and incentives.  I've been fighting for them since October.  I've gotten a portion of it, but am still missing over $100.

November came and went and I was in constant contact with my ever changing supervisors and I was finally told, after weeks of getting pushed aside, that the position was no longer available.  They went in a different direction and erased the position... but since then, 3 of my coworkers have been promoted to the exact position I was promoted for back in October.

If matters couldn't be worse, I had a seizure a couple of weeks ago and submitted for paid time off a couple days after being in the hospital.  My requests were changed to only reflect one day, they gave me a no-call-no-show the second day, and have since informed me that there is no such thing as paid time off - they did away with that over a year ago - and they haven't bothered to update their system to reflect that.  There is no employee handbook.  Everything is on an extremely disorganized website and there are no phone numbers to contact anyone.  Everything is done through email (which they never respond to) or fax.

On top of this, my husband is having severe heart and blood problems and may need surgery.  He was working 2 jobs, but the second one put him on the schedule less than 24 hours in advance, it didn't update on his schedule on their website (they usually use a schedule in the office, but it is an hour away from us and we don't make it a habit to go out there every day), and he has two no-call-no-shows and is about to be fired from it.

Today, Christmas day, I was scheduled to work 10 hours at time and a half.  My husband has a 12 hour shift at the hospital.  He has a very bad flu - possibly a reaction to the flu shot everyone got (several employees have been checked into the hospital.  One didn't make it), and will probably have to call in.  I am having tech issues again and will have to call into work as well..

We were so happy to spend Christmas eve on the phone with our families (who are thousands of miles away in different states) and we got a lot of good gifts and money for our house.  We were so thrilled to be able to finally get my a sewing desk and a fence so that our dog can run around without a leash...

But without getting paid for our long shifts at time and a half, we'll be missing out on several hundred dollars which means our Christmas money will have to go towards bills instead..

Oh, and all that money we lost from the first house we tried to get?  A lost cause.. we've sent letters, emails, faxes, made phone calls.. everything... nobody responds.  It took us months of fighting and we actually got our $1,000.00 escrow back, but it had to go towards fixing our septic system, our sink, and our pathetic little Christmas we had for each other.  The rest of it we're not entitled to except for the $650 spent on the electric and the $150 for the washer/dryer.. but we've tried to get that back on our own and it's $300 for a lawyer to write a single letter.

So I'm sitting here, alone on Christmas day.. with nothing to do, nobody to talk to (husband is sleeping, trying desperately to get over his flu before his shift starts at 7pm), and nothing to think about except how screwed I've been all year and the years before.  Don't tell me "Oh!  next year will be better!"  I've been telling myself that every year for the past... I don't know.. 6 years... they seem to be getting worse.. between health issues, car wrecks, bad jobs, people not doing their own jobs, and just plain old friendless loneliness.. I can't take it anymore.  I'm starving, too.. We have some crap frozen food but I just don't feel like I deserve to eat.. I have to make up the $300 in pay I'm losing today somehow.

TL;DR: The title of this post is sarcastic.  I want to fucking die.