anything positive helps at this point (a vent i guess)every single day i think about dying, fantasizing about ways to kms, but death also scares me. i'm turning 20 in a few weeks and im terrified because i never thought id make it to 20. for the past few months i've just been relapsing with certain stuff, sleeping a lot, basically just being at my worst. i do have good days but overall i want nothing out of life. i don't care about a future, nothing interests me. i'm in a relationship and i have a career i've been in college studying for but i don't care about it enough to live for it. the only reason i'm alive is because i don't want to destroy my family and leave my dog who loves me, but at the same time i'm just completely miserable and it feels pathetic that i'm only alive for others and not myself. i honestly don't even know if they'd care, they know i'm depressed and occasionally self destructive and they just brush it off like it's normal, but then again they're also caught up in their own problems which i understand. my grandparents have been through a lot and my dad is (i think) bipolar and im his only daughter and i know he stays strong for me and his parents so i don't know what kind of damage i'd cause if i kms, so i stay alive for them. I'd be one less financial and emotional burden but at the same time i'm worried i'd cause some sort of domino effect in my family if i died. sometimes i wish i'd just get into a car crash or something so they wouldn't think "where did we go wrong" or ruminate if i died. usually i hate when strangers are like "you are worthy/loved/beautiful" etc because you don't know me, those are just general things to say to make a stranger feel better, but if there's anything happy/positive that you want to talk about in the comments feel free to share. i'm surrounded by so much negativity. this world feels so dark i just want to hear about happy things right now, it can be about you or something you heard in the news, or some interesting fact, anything :)