I'm absolutely sick of this.Why am I such a coward? I can't even say I've attempted suicide, because I always back out at the last second. I count out the pills, sit there and think and then give up. Maybe tomorrow will be better. But it never is.

I've spent the past fifteen years wanting to end everything. And I'm only 19. I wanted to die before I even knew what suicide was. I'm helplessly broken and nothing will ever change. Everyone leaves. All my friends have moved on, I have literally nobody now. I'm a nuisance to my family, they all tolerate me and nothing more.

I know that when I eventually get the guts to go through with it, so many people will take it personally. Lament my passing, rue their lack of communication with me. Curse themselves for not noticing, not seeing the signs. I'm very obviously in pain. I'm a deeply troubled individual with absolutely nothing to live for anymore except my dog.

My poor dog. He's the main reason I haven't done it yet. He doesn't deserve to lose his best friend, spend his days wondering what happened to me. Though, he'd probably forget me soon. Someone else will replace me in feeding him, walking him, giving him love. I'm not special to him, I'm just the one who took that job.

I'm aimless. I've been desperately searching for a job to no avail. My romantic life is absolute shit; my girlfriend of 2 years left me in November, and I haven't had any luck finding someone new. I'm too ugly for dating services to work, and I don't leave the house (no job) so I don't have any way to meet new people. As I said before, any friends I once had have either ghosted me or just straight up left. I know it's me; I'm the common denominator there. I'm a shitty person, I must be, or people would stay.

I've struggled with my weight for ten years, but knowing I'm going to take my own life any day now means I have no foresight, no ambition to fix myself.

I'm not fucking unique. I'm a narcissistic piece of shit who thinks he's better than everyone else. I act like I'm the only person on Earth with sentience. But I'm not. I'm another self centered slimeball of mediocre intelligence with no true skills, talent, or redeeming qualities.

I know everyone says this, but I really, truly wouldn't be missed.