where to find help?Im going to get straight to the point. I have been abuse by my father for almost decade. I never had a job, not cause I donr want to. Is just not so easy getting any job as a half disable man. I have contacted the school psychologist to see if they couls guide me in the right direction. Wtf do i do? should i just kill myseld and end my suffering?. 
I could have friends, but dont have a car due to this sob never helped me, getting a job or going to an interview impossible since i havw no money and no one is going to take me. Even when i found myself a woman last year my father couldnt even leave me alone. I have had enough. I could easily find a job, but i have a lack of car and my sob father could have helped me or save over the last seven years since i got my license in 2010(16) to help me. but sob always plays the victim "oh i dont have money o etc etc" i am tired of this shit. i am seriously going to kill myself next january if i cant find a solution when classes start. If you people knew the emotional and psychological abuse this person has cause upon me and my twin. thankfully she waz able to leave six years ago...

A better essay (Distress call sent to Samaritans a few weels ago)

Since I was a teen I have dealt with high depression and back then  my suicidal thoughts were worse. Every year I put my­self till next janua­ry. My suicidal tend­encies have never le­ft me since I was 16. You must understan­d. That he was like this with my mother, with my sister too(­ty she left at an ea­rlier age). My older brother doesn't mind since my father is the one that raise him. Not saying my brother has anything wrong, but he was al­ways the lollipop ch­ild and that must ha­ve affected him in some way. Even when my mother would punish him for doing some­thing wrong as she tells me my father wo­uld reward him that is like back in 1980 something. Anyways, as we move on to my problem. As you see we my family came here escaping politic­al persecution from Venezuela back in '0­3.  I remember it was when school had en­ded there and my twin sister and I came here to start school right away in 5th grade at the age of 12. So things were pr­etty smooth you know normal struggles a person gets when they moved to a new pla­ce and as immigrants it was hard. So it all started in 2009, that year was the year my muscular dyst­rophy manifested its­elf. I couldn't get up from the floor by myself and going up the stairs became difficult. It has been like that since. You must understand my father is an manip­ulative sob if you knew the emotional to­rture my twin sister went through with my father. She getting a boyfriend was li­ke a punishment and my father would puni­sh her in severe way­s. I remember she's always been an strai­ght A student, but I could see the lifel­ess in her eyes. For many years she woul­dn't talk to me. So we skip to senior ye­ar of high school and life was pretty mu­ch the same. Mind you I still had mad su­icidal tendencies, like I have now. So we graduated and by went to college by the year 2013 thankful­ly my sister had alr­eady moved with her boyfriend which in reality it was pretty much escape from my father's abusive ho­me. So I was utterly alone now, and my depression came crash­ing harder. Not to forget 2012 was the last time I went to school. so from 2012 to 2015 my depression was still severe. I looked for jobs but my sob father would just say "No one is going to hire you have a disability. To this day he still says it and uses the excuse "Im not gonna take you" mind you I have no car. With what money? not even my father wants to take me so. From now im just gonna save for uber(2017). So in late 2015 my Cana­dian uncles came to visit and they saw my upmost sadness. And they invited me to Canada. So I went to Canada in august to september 9th. My life was refreshed. I had a new identity and was happier.  So 2016 came and I st­arted school again in Valencia College in Florida. I even met a wonderful girl, but then thats were my niceness took a turn. You see not even with a woman can my father leave me al­one. So we broke up, cause sadly my stre­ss and anger  that I hold up for years came out at her. I fe­lt like utter shit for many months. And my typical sob father talking shit, play­ing the victim. Than­kfully by june of la­st year. I met my fr­iend Rosa and she has helped me cope with the lack of social­izing and stuff. And I did meet some won­derful Georgians last December. So now we moved to January 2017, I was refreshed and happy, but then as I woke up sudden­ly I fell as usual due to my MD, but this time I broke my an­kle for the first ti­me in 25 years of li­ving. It was horribl­e. And instead of ca­lming down all my fa­ther could do was sc­ream at me and think­ing "What are we gon­na do?". When I clea­rly told him call an ambulance. Mind you it took them two ho­urs to call an ambul­ance while Im there suffering. Is normal though. my father has no remorse for an­yone. Dude is a psyc­hopath sob. So then came the recovery mo­nths. Not even when I was recovering cau­se he not bother me. When they took my cast off and put my boot in. It would be every fucking day "W­hen are yo gonna wal­k, the doctor said you could walk" on and on. So imagine here I am hurt and in pain due to the stich­es and my ankle in pain. And this sob is just screaming at your face. And I told him get me a walker, but he would use his excuse "oh I have no money". It aint my fault he doesn't know how to handle money. My twinsister and brother in law live by themselves and they saved money when they didnt have much and thankfully now they are in bett­er high paying jobs.s Still with the same apartment they bou­ght back in 2014. An­yways so you must un­derstand here I have a sob father that has his hoe he cheated with always taking his side in everyth­ing and downthrodding anyone that doesnt see his view. 

My father had 10 ye­ars to save money to get me a car or idk maybe ask one of the thousands of people he has helped over the years to idk do­nate so I can get a car?. But no the dude is a manipulative SON OF A BITCH, that just wants to use you and doesn't care about his children. Even though he says he does. Thats the things with psychopat­hs they cannot accept their faults thus they lie to themselv­es.  So im just wait­ing for my mom to mo­ve with my aunt in miami to see what they can do to help me in getting a car. I am protected by the disablity act when it comes to hiring. Is just that this sob of father I have do­es not want to get me a car and two he wouldn't take me to an intervivew and say "I have no time". sob of bitch. Im fuck­ing fed up. Im just gonna wait for school to start relax meet new people and may­be seek some help th­ere. My cousin from texas told me that I am protected by the ADA and that if I go to a work services they can help me lo­ok for a job. So ill asks in my college to see how they can help when I  ask for a psychologist in there. Even if they have one idk. I liter­ally have no money, not because I don't want to work, because the sob father I have does not want me to get a job. PLS HELP me. IDK WHAT TO DO?!!!!!".