Help WantedSorry for the crappy title, I wasn't really sure what I should have posted.

I was linked here from a AskReddit post which can be found [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1d27d6/whats_bothering_you_right_now_what_do_you_need_to/).

So I guess I'll give some backstory: Around 6 years ago, I moved from my home country (New Zealand) to another country. I don't really want to give out specifics, so sorry if that's against the rules. When I got there, I was in a different country with a different culture, language etc. The novelty of "wow this is so cool" wore off fairly quickly as I went too school and I started school fairly cheerfully.

On my first week of school, I broke down crying at recess. I had no friends, and I didn't really know what to do. I got a friend, but I had changed. I wasn't as cheerful, and I started to become depressed. I started to fake being sick so I didn't have too go to school. I was 7.

Fast forward by two years, and I believed I was being bullied. I was called a nerd, a snot-picker among other things almost daily. Though, my memory may be warped as it was quite a while ago. I was 10 when this happened, in Fourth Grade.

Fast forward two more years, and you will come to a 11/12 year old who is emotionally unstable. I couldn't trust anyone. Anyone who was my "friend" I basically clung onto because I was so unstable. Before the day I moved, I never really had "no" friends, I always had someone. I never thought I had any friends, despite having them. I just didn't realize.

Fast forward two more years, and you now arrive at a 14 year old who has thought about suicide, has written suicidal notes before, taken tests, seen therapists, and just wants to end it all. He is tasked with a huge amount of school work, has a mother who micromanges his life, and has been suffering head-aches and other things like that. I am not allowed to stay at home, as school requires me to go to school, unless I want to spend multiple days catching up. This is me now.

And honestly, I've had enough. I know how to commit suicide, and I've thought how to do it before. I've seen two therapists before, and I've had too leave both of them due to me leaving schools. The school I go to currently is small (around 60 people max), and doesn't have that much of a variety in people as a result. I'm starting to doubt whether or not I should continue on with life. I've been feeling like crap lately, especially during school. I've had too deal with headaches, stomach aches, and I'm fed up with it. I took a test during an IQ in which the doctor suggested I take some anti-depressants, which I refused as I heard they could make you "flat" in a way. I now regret that decision.

I'm an avid gamer, and I usually play games to get my mind off things, but that's been happening less and less as my mother takes control of my life a lot more. She is going to University, and has a generally stress-filled life, which doesn't help at all. It also doesn't help she changes our diet whenever she sees something that she thinks will help the family, which leads to me being angry due to the fact she's spending more money on food when she could just save a bit by not buying half of the brands she does. Most of my family (e.g. father etc.) are away in another country, and generally have other things to do.

I'm not sure what to do. I've tried to make myself feel better, but I've basically lost motivation to do things. Most of my days are spent reading reddit, doing nothing else. I get pretty good grades at school (generally near-top of the class marks), yet I'm still told to "make study notes and study every day" from my mother, who believes I should be getting A+++ marks for every assignment. I've basically just lost all motivation to live, and the only thing keeping me going is the fact that I don't want to disappoint people. I feel like I'm pulling people time, and I've been skipping meals so my mother won't have too spend so much on people.

Plus, it doesn't help most of my classmates are social rejects. I just don't feel like I fit in anywhere, which leads me to the Internet, where I strangely do feel like I fit in.

Welp, I'm just going to stop there, as that's just one gigantic ramble/rant. I just don't know what to do. I haven't seen a therapist lately, which helped me before, and I'm scared to ask for one as my mother may say "you don't need one". I just need some help, some advice, anything to help me get through this hellhole that is my life.

I hope I don't sound self-entitled or anything. My mother tells me that, as I quote, "don't have it so bad". I'm not sure of that, but I have seen that people have it worse.

I would just love it if somebody gave me some help, and sorry if this is incredibly rambley/ranty.