You'll eventually find thiswhen you're browsing through my computer without any remorse or pain in your heart. I know this because I'm carrying all the pain.

What is actually the point in typing anything? You lack complete empathy for human life. You're always going to think you're a saint and I am crazy.


I'm tired of living like I'm fighting off my worst enemy when I'm at home with you. 


You've not once treated me like an equal and your actions and words today proved that I will NEVER be treated as an equal partner. You disgust me. 


When I stood up for myself today and said that I wasn't going to tolerate your behavior it REALLY hurt me when you simply said "then leave." It showed me that I was the only person who was interested in saving our relationship. Why should I try SO hard when you clearly don't care if I am a part of your life or not.


I honestly can't wait to be dead. You'll be able to make up all the assumptions and excuses that you want to. 


It's so incredible to me that you never stop for a moment about your next course of actions you just continue to gnaw at me until I hit my breaking point.


I think I hit it. 



I could have used a hug from you today. I waited all day to have an adult conversation with you about our early morning disagreement but instead you continued to escalate things until you left me here alone, saddened, and suicidal. 


I had to turn my phone off because the messages you continued to send were so disrespectful and rude that they were driving me to be more impulsive with my already distraught thoughts. 


I told you I was going to kill myself and you verbatim said "Ok."



Classic last words. 


I'm literally done with this shit. I have never been treated like a partner by you. One hour you're saying that you appreciate and love me. The next you're spewing accusations at me SIMPLY because we aren't getting along. 


Hopefully you'll realize in your future relationships that disagreements are normal. What isn't normal is the way you respond to them. 


Yes, you provided our life and almost everything in it but that STILL doesn't give you the right to treat me like a fucking toddler who's always grounded.


Be honest with yourself if you're not going to be honest with anyone else. 



