Lonely, depressed, and suicidalHello everyone,

Recently, I've been in a state where, for the past couple of weeks now, I've been at a loss of any kind of interaction with my "friends." 

For further context, I found that even with new friends that I've made through school, hospitalization, etc, just don't care about me and I feel as if they pass me off as if I don't exist. Before pushing them away because of this in these past couple of weeks, I would always genuinely wonder how they were doing, so I'd ask, with little to no responses. I just know it goes a long way with me when someone takes time to ask me how I'm doing, so I'd try to communicate with my friends as much as possible, because I love and care about them. But would they say the same back? 

The thing is, in these past few months, any friend that I've had has left me for something or someone better over different situations, and those that still try and put minimal effort into being relevant in my life rarely ever call or text to say hi, or ask how I'm doing... It hurts, you know? I'm not trying to come off as egotistical, but I've always cared for people in my life, and I always look to let them know I care just by being there for them, whenever. And I guess maybe I'm invisible to them, or not important on their own paths in life, based on how they treat me back. 
It's always been me texting, or calling first, despite the immense amounts of anxiety that it gives me.. I'm sorry, I know it doesn't sound like much of a problem, but I haven't always had friends. Just recently in high school, sophomore year (Junior now) was when things started to pick up for me in my social life, things were going great, for awhile actually... and now, like I should've anticipated, everything seems to be against me. People I used to talk to don't bother with me anymore, I can't show my face in school because of rumors spread last school year... and even those friends that stuck after those rumors settled, the ones that I knew wouldn't buy the bullshit, have just seemed to... vanish, I guess? They weren't saying anything to me for days, so I just turned my phone off.. because I was hurting enough already from other things I won't talk about in this. I turned it on to post this however, and there was still... nothing. 

I don't know what I did to those close friends I still had, I barely know why rumors were started about me, other than that I heard my ex spread them to see me suffer again when I, and they knew that I was moving on and doing better. In short, I don't know why I'm being treated like this. High school is a nasty place. Being a teenager is even worse. My depression and anxiety have seemed to skyrocket from years ago, and only keep affecting me more and more everyday, and I just don't know how much more of it I can take. 

I've already been hospitalized because of a suicide attempt several months ago over being trapped in my own thought, and because of those rumors that ultimately led to a bad rep, harassment, and bullying. To note, I'm still harassed by people connected with my ex, which I also guess goes as cyberbullying as well; another reason why I keep my phone off. I just wish those people knew the truth. I wish they could've heard me crying for days and nights on end because of how one false rumor led to... a lot. Truly, a lot. That I, my family, friends that stuck with me, and god, even my ex probably subtly knew I didn't deserve. 

Anyway. Being in that mental hospital for a week put a lot of strain on my family, and honestly, being lonely like this everyday sure as hell doesn't benefit them, as it only makes my depression so much worse to be isolated like this. My point is, the thoughts of thinking that life is meaningless are returning because my experiences in life have only proven that this happens time and time again... Never has a single person in my life just... seemed to have cared, like, legitimately. As in, sure, I've had nurses that have taken care of me, therapists that listen to me, and other forms of support, but there's one thing in common with them all, and it's that they likely know they're being paid to care about me. Saying that sounds fucked, but I do know they're good-hearted people... it's just, paying people to hear me out doesn't seem too right in my mind. I think it's more right that we should be able to share our emotions, our problems, and just pay ourselves in the way of knowing that we simply helped someone. I'd say the only person that cares, deep down, is my Mom, but I've stopped telling her about my problems because I feel as if it'd be easier for her if I stopped, and just died, after all the emotional stress I've especially put on her, and the rest of my family. 

I'm in the process of writing and rewriting notes for when I decide to leave. It's only a matter of time before something new pushes me over the edge, or when that thought telling me that life will always be like this wins. And it'd truly be for good this time, I promise myself that. Maybe I should set a date, and if things aren't better by then... yeah.

I'm sorry if this was long. I needed a place to put my mind onto paper, where people would see it and hopefully understand me, for once in a long, long time. I've never sent or posted anything this long, so I may regret and delete it, but the thought will still remain from the paragraph before this one. Back to binging Netflix. 

I should also note that my Mom thinks I'm slowly becoming anorexic based on how little she thinks I eat everyday, and the weight loss she's noticed. I don't know if this is the right place to post about that, but regardless, I've come to realize after a bit she may be right... 

We all struggle with something, so from my heart, I hope the best and most peaceful moments for everyone here... 

Feel free to reply, I'd really appreciate it...
goodnight 