its been dragging every day for years now and Im tired of being "strong"Apologies Advanced I am using talk to text. I feel like a burden to my roommate who's my best friend my boyfriend and the few friends who I still do talk to you because I can't just be happy.

I barely clean I force myself to shower, every point during the day realized I don't have to be here I know loved ones will miss me and I know people might be angry but I had to be strong 4 way too long ever since I was a kid. It's not that I'm lazy it's just I barely have energy to do anything I know I'm depressed and I know how to figure four years because I had to survive. 

My mom who abused me a lot as a kid and I was separated from when I was 8 years old passed away this time last year and I still remember her making me stand in front of a mirror and repeat I am nothing to no one. And 4 years I have tried to be positive towards myself and correct that but I have anxiety from all the people and attacks I went through in my life it hurts because I could barely function I'm just happy I made it to work today.

Try to go find mental help services but I can't afford anything, and the three times I tried  medication  I either tried hurting myself more  had a seizure  or  became dangerous  to my animals who I love more than anything. so I'm trying to change my Outlook my diet and quit smoking but it's not helping.

I'm in debt and I know it's not that bad when I try to do overtime and it burns me out more. I hate waking up in the mornings and now I have to do it all over again I just want to feel OK and I know I'm not.

I just want to go away I want to be free from all of this, every time I try to do better I try to get myself out of the hole I keep on getting forced down by something new, and I'm really not trying to play the victim I'm really not, I just want help but I can't find any.

My outlet that used to help me was just making art I didn't care really if I was ever successful as a quote artist unquote but I lost all drive and urge to do that and so everyday I fight with try to release my tension by self-harming I haven't cut myself or even used alcohol to force myself to sleep but now I'm just fixated on taking all the pills I can and just going into woods and disappearing I don't want anyone to find my body I love you want to see me I just rather they all forget.

I don't have family who can actually help me every time I've tried it turn to them they've tried to use me or make money off me or even try and come on to me sexually. The only thing that I stay around for is my f****** cat, because couldn't stand the idea of him being alone even though he's just a cat.

I'm so sorry if this seems like lighting but I'm scared because I want to die at I just want to be okay I just want to function like normal.


