Please reddit, tell me how to find strengthIt's currently midnight, and I'm laying in bed unable to sleep and unable to stop crying. It feels like my heart is going to burst from all the heaving and sobbing. I want to let it all out, and cry some more, but somehow I keep stopping myself because what if I let all the sadness out and there'll be nothing else left of me? 

I used to see myself as such a strong person, a person who could handle anything. I was abused for 15 years by my mother, another 5 by a boyfriend, and another 2 by a lover. But I always kept going, I always kept striving. Because I was strong, and no trauma could break me. I was the pillar of support. To myself.

But then, I was diagnosed with MS, and suddenly my body is no longer my friend; it's now attacking itself as if it's supposed to. The only person that I thought would always hold me up, always keep me strong, is now aching and shivering for relief. 
On top of that, I lost my job and I'm 3 months behind on rent, and I've tried to do anything and everything to get myself financially stable again, but the thing is: 

I've run out of energy. I always had to stand up to my trauma, work on myself, try to love myself despite nobody ever showing me how I'm supposed to. Then, my body, the pains, the fears, the bills in my mailbox that I'm terrified to even open because I know they will have "2500 debt, declaration of eviction" and I am completely powerless. 

That's what hurts me so incredibly much, not that I'm broke and sick (because those are just that, issues that are simply cut clear and cut throat) but that I am once again powerless. I've been made powerless for far too long, having to take every hit and every insult, having to be so so strong always and everywhere. And I'm tired of it. 

Please reddit, tell me how do I find strength again? I don't even know where I found it before. My country is currently in lock down so I can't even apply for new jobs, I'm running out of food, out of shelter, out of strength, out of hope. 

Please, tell me how to find strength