I'm done.Let's see here, where should I start....Well I am a 24 year old male, about to turn 25 here soon and I am at the end of my rope. So I guess I'll just just right into it and tell you all why I am here.

About 7 months ago I was one of the happiest people on the planet. I had an amazing girlfriend, a part-time job and was on pace to graduate from a commuinty college by the end of the year. Okay maybe I wasn't the happiest person alive, but I was content with life and where my life was heading. For once I could say I was proud of myself and excited to talk about my future if family or friends were to ask. See in my late teens or very early 20's I always hated when my aunts or uncles would ask me what I was doing, because I didn't know what it was that I wanted with my life or what I wanted to do. But now I sorta had an answer for them and myself! Me and my girlfriend of 2.5 years were planning on moving to California so that I could go to school there so that I can get my bachelors degree while she finds work(we both live in PA btw). Fast forward to about mid July I notice that she seems to distance herself from me and just doesn't seem herself or isn't excited to see me and all those red flags etc etc...And then one night we go to the bar with her friends from work and everything is going great, I'm getting along with her friends and having an awesome time. But I notice her talking with this guy she works with but didn't think anything of it at the time. I should have known though because for the past month or two she would always bring his name up or talk about him. She was falling for this guy and I was clueless because I trusted her so much. So she decides to go out with her friends a week later and she invites me but I decline because I was tired from studying for a speech all night. So later that night I text her saying i love her and she's the best thing that's ever happened blah blah blah and all that. She even texts me back saying she loves me and I have nothing to worry about. And then out of the blue the next morning I get the "we need to talk" line. My heart dropped because I knew what was coming, and then in about two days I was dumped. No time to even react to it.

Throughout the next 2 months I make all the mistakes, begging pleading and all that shit. Until one night she tells me she is seeing someone else, my heart dropped to the point where I was feeling physical pain...it was the dude from her work that I already knew about at this point, but i continue to call and text her until i piss her off and she blocks me out completely. And since then haven't sent her a text or message or anything. But she continues to say negative things about and hates me. I just don't understand. I always thought that if you treat a women right, love her, respect her, and are not a douche bag towards her then she would have no reason to leave you. Now I'll admit I did take her for granted at times and even suggested at one point that we break up(quickly regretted it right after the words came out of my mouth and apologized), but we hardly ever fought and even went on a date to the zoo not even a week before all of this happened. I just loved this chick so much and would have done anything for her.

Anyways as shitty as all that sounds that's not even the reason I'm here. See about a little over a year ago, around december of 2013 I noticed a small pea sized bald spot on my beard...didn't think much about it at the time, but it grew which worried me, but I didn't care about it because I had the love of my life and that was all I needed. My looks were of no concern to me. So after the break-up is really when it got worse and when I started to really be self conscious about it. What this condition or diseases is, is called alopecia areata. It's when your own immune system mistakes your hair as a threat and attacks it causing circular bald spots. Terrible disorder, wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. So I go to the dermatologist and they give me treatment which worked a little but the balding and shedding continue to get worse. I am now losing hair on my beard, head, and other parts on my body. I just don't get why I have to have this shitty disorder and it's only getting worse....The only explanation that makes sense to me is that God or the universe or whoever wants me dead :(

I never thought it would end this way or that I would even think about commiting suicide, but here I am spilling my guts out for strangers to read online. I always thought people who commit suicide are the most selfish people on the planet, but my views have changed. I've just lost the will to live. I have no confidence or self esteem left. I sleep from 6 a.m to 6 p.m everyday unless I have to work. I'm not even motivated to get myself out of bed. You would think I would have all the motivation in the world....I just got my degree and have over $6,400 saved up. But no amount of money in the world can save me....not with this shitty disorder that I have. I just hope I have to courage to go through with it. My mom has her hunting rifle underneath her bed and thats the way I am gonna go out...hopefully. I really don't want to do this but I just don't see my life getting any better. Ever since my dad died when I was 16 I've always dreamed of having a family, but no one is ever going to want to date a mid 20's aged man with patches of hair missing. I'm gonna give myself another month or so before I come to a final decision. Just praying and hoping that life gets better. I really want to live, but I'm afraid it won't get any better....I promise to keep people updated if I don't decide to do it, but I am going to post my name on my real account before I go through with it.