I don't have anything holding me back anymoreTo start, I've posted on this sub twice before under different usernames, and I want to thank the people who responded. But things haven't worked since then. I finally confronted my mother about how horrible she is. I pointed how how all her kids are fucked up because of it. I pointed out that she forced her oldest child into a career and a marriage that he didn't want, and now he's an alcoholic who doesn't even care enough about himself to even brush his teeth. He and I used to be so close, but when she drove him off, he cut all of us off. I pointed out that she forced her 2nd child into a degree and a career he didn't want and now she yells at him daily because he's trying to follow a different career that he actually wants. 

I pointed out that most of us have issues with ourselves because of her 3rd child. The favourite child that can't do any wrong. He's so emotionally and physically abusive to me, and I've told her before that he makes me want to kill myself, he has for my whole life, but she just keeps saying "I've never had a favourite". If 4 out of 4 of your kids say that Tom is the favourite, you weren't as fair as you thought you were. 

Just today his girlfriend broke up with him, and I feel like that's part of what sent me into this spiral. She is such a good person. There's literally no other word to describe her other than "good". He was just as awful to her as he is to the rest of us and my parents used to yell at me whenever I would tell him to stop being horrible to her. He used to tell her that she was literally retarded and should just kill herself. I'm used to hearing that from him so I tried to protect her.

On one hand, I'm so glad she's getting away from him, and I hope she stays away. On the other hand, I know this is probably going to ruin our friendship and I don't want to lose one of the nicest people I've ever known. She actually treated me like a valid human being. I just hope she's happy and I don''t ever want her to feel bad. My brother will probably try to guilt her for breaking up with him, but I hope she knows she made my life better when she was there and she deserve to be so much happier than she was with him.

And here I am pointing out to my mom that she knows how we all feel, and she knows how depressed I've been my whole life. When she found out about it, she thought it was the cutest little thing and that I was being rebellious. She told everyone she knew because she thought it was adorable that her 10 year old wanted to die. It's been over a decade since then and I still want to die.

Tonight I confronted her with everything and her only response was "Have a glass of wine girl" (her exact response)

And it was at that point I realized I have nothing holding me back. I've stuck around because my parents are helping me pay for my education. But that's just financial abuse because whenever I mention doing something my parents don't like, they threaten to take away the funding. 

I used to be so scared of killing myself because I would die indebted to them, now I want to kill myself because they've spent money on me, expecting me to pay for their retirement. I want them to be fucked and out of money. It seems like sweet revenge that I can do it with my death. And it seems like I'm really going to do it now. Since I confronted her about her abuse, she's definitely going to rub my education in my face. It would be so good to kill myself after that and let her know she and her threats are the reason.

I've been considering suicide every day now for the past few months, different from before when I only thought about it a few times a year. Now I've got no guilt or shame. All my other attempts have been half-assed but my next one is going to be for real this time. I'm sick of waiting for my family to change and be better. I'm going to teach my parents a lesson the hard way. I know they're not going to use the opportunity to be nicer to my oldest two brothers, they're just going to keep sticking by fucking Tom. But maybe my older brothers will take it as a sign to get the hell out of there.

I'm going to finally kill myself on Sunday. Tomorrow I'm going to to treat myself to a rare nice day before it happens. I don't know why I'm even writing this. I don't want anyone to talk me out of it. I guess I just want this to be a good, solid suicide note that someone will actually read (because if I leave a real life one, my family will ignore it. God forbid someone point out their flaws)