I'm stuckI was in the hospital not long ago, about Feb. Did in patient, did out patient, did therapy. Still taking my meds. Got a new job.

I freak out every day before leaving for work. My anxiety is off the charts. I can't afford therapy, can't afford another hospital bill, so that's not an option. I called the sucidial hotline and the lady was actually rude. Wth.

I'm a burden to my friends and family. I can barely function. I have to work to pay my bills, if I loose my house Id have to move back in with my parents who are not great. It'd be even worse for my mental health. But I can barely make my bills, my credit plummeted from when I thought I was gonna end it and didn't pay my credit card for three months. I'm in debt from the hospital stay already.

I can't bring myself to tell my family it's happening again. I'm a burden to everyone. I can't function. I'm sitting here instead of at work, in a filthy house, trying to find comfort on fucking Reddit. I have no money, I can barely do the job I just started a week ago because I'm crazy. I'm failing as an adult. I can't tell anyone I'm here again.

I want to kill myself. But I know it'll break my family. I know it's selfish. I know I shouldn't. So I'm sitting here like a coward, unable to kill myself, thinking about hanging myself or getting in a car wreck or just jumping off a bridge. But I know I shouldn't and I can't. So now I'm not doing anything.

I'm fucking tired. I'm afraid if I move from this couch I'm going to kill myself. Can't get ahold of my therapist. I wish I would just die, like get hit by a car or have an accident so this conversation in my head would stop. I'm stuck doing this cost benefit analysis about whether or not to go on. I'm so crazy. I'm never going to be normal or function. No one is ever going to want to be with me. I'm actually really attractive, but I swear my dates can just pick up that I'm mentally not okay. I'm going to be alone forever. At least I have my dog. But she'd be okay with my parents.

I don't fucking know what to do 