So fucking sick of myselfEven though I am too much of a coward to do it, I would be doing the world a favor by killing myself.

I subconsciously go out of my way to do things that make me hate myself. For whatever reason I want myself to be as unhappy as possible. Despite the fact that I have been told that I am extremely good looking, I have not been able to establish any type of romantic relationship. I don't have problems being social, I guess I'm just such a terrible person that no girl would ever want to be with me. The people I befriend are, for the most part, people who I know that I will eventually grow to hate with a passion. For about a year, I have been madly in love with a crazy manipulative bitch but know that I will never try anything with her because I'll just end up getting more emotionally scarred (if that's even possible). I think that the only reason I want to be with her might be to make myself even more unhappy. To make matters worse, I am miles ahead of pretty much everyone I associate with in terms of intelligence which makes it blatantly obvious when people don't actually want to hang out with me and are just being polite.  When I was 9 years old my father passed away from an aordic dissection which means I have a good chance of dying the same way and don't have any intention to seek medical help for this because I don't want to live a full life. He died quickly from his aneurism rupturing and I hope that the same happens to me and an earlier age than he died at. My mom has devoted every little bit of effort that she can as a single parent to keeping me and my two brothers cared for, but now that I have been away at college for a couple of years I am realizing how much a despise her existence. That just shows how fucking terrible of a person I am. My mother devotes her life to making us happy and I still hate her for no reason. Right now I feel like I would be much of a coward to make any attempt at suicide, but who knows what will happen; maybe I just need something to push me over the edge and finally do it. Honestly I'm not sure why I'm even wasting my time and the time of whoever is reading this because I doubt that there is anything anyone could tell me that would change any aspect of the heaping pile of shit that is my life in even the smallest amount, but I guess that this can't possibly make it any worse. I also know that my life after college (if I'm still alive) will be even worse. I know that there is no way I will get a decent job with my fucking terrible work ethic. When I was about 12 years old I was able to outsmart my mother and make her think that I was doing everything in school until my grades came in the mail and/or she heard from my teachers that I wasn't doing anything. I was born with a gift that billions of people can only dream of and here I am, wasting it away by not going to half of my classes, being on academic probation, and having no plans to change any of this.