My partner wants to kill herself.2020 has been one awful year in our household. Setback after setback, endlessly working with no savings to show for it, and the loss of loved ones. My girlfriend and I are typically happy, but this past year has rotted much of our relationship. I don't have much of a spine, so I typically cry, shut down, or resort to being a doormat when it's been a bad day. My gf however has a temper, she yells, screams, swears to the point my neighbours have approached me about it, and when she can't possibly rage anymore she breaks down into having sobbing and suicidal ideation. This makes support difficult because all the yelling has a way of making me clam up and my heart to feel sore, and it all reminds me too well of my childhood home growing up. While my dad never hit me, he had a volume which would bring me to tears, and my reaction to my partner's anger is much the same. I myself struggle with depression and spent a stay in an MH ward last year for a suicide attempt, so naturally my support for her usually includes what I found helped me, mainly professional help, having someone to talk to who was detached from the situation, medication, and for her specifically, working on her temper issues.

All of this she rejects. She refuses medication, she distrusts mental health professionals, and makes empty promises about dealing with her anger. I'm worried because she has a family history of suicide that she's at great risk of following through if the day is bad enough. Her reasons mostly come from low self esteem about her appearance, unemployment, or the feeling of getting nowhere. She's my best friend and I love her and I just want to see her happy, but I'm all alone in helping and I'm pathetic help. I want her to get help because I'm scared if my efforts aren't good enough, I could lose her. She doesn't have anything in the way of a professional diagnosis, but her mood swings between crying and angered screaming at the slightest frustrations make me think there might be something she's been ignoring for a long time. 
Has anyone ever had an experience similar with an individual who was getting worse and worse yet more adamantly rejecting help?