I don't wanna fight anymoreI first starting thinking about killing myself in first grade. I first tried to kill myself when I was 13, 12 years ago. I made a promise to my friend back then that I would wait 10 years because I thought all my problems were related to living at home with my crazy family and being in high school and being bullied at school and home. 

Fast forward and I still feel like shit every day. I have no hope of pursuing any of my dreams. I am glad not to be in high school anymore but I still get bullied or treated like crap a lot. I know a lot of it is probably my fault because I suck at everything and I annoy everyone. I have to take medicine for ADHD to function. Pill for attention, pill for memory, pill for keeping the worker bee productive and happy enough to not revolt. I wouldn't need them if the world had any kind of acceptance of people's different strengths and talents. But I've basically come to the conclusion that I just don't fit in this society and I'm very close to being done even trying anymore. 

I live in Texas and there have been several deaths recently attributed to idiots driving on flooded roads. It's been scary how attractive the idea would be for me to go and...see what happens. One of my main reasons for not killing myself is that my mother is depressed and if she knew I killed myself she would probably do it too. And that's not fair to my siblings, they still need her (They're in high school.) I was proud at myself for making it past my 20th birthday because my cousin died when he was 20 and it was really hard on me even though it was an accident. I don't want to do that to them. But it would be better if it was an accident. 

Everyone I tell about my feelings basically says suck it up. I told my roommate I wanted to kill myself because all that life seems to be is struggling through useless bureaucratic corporate nonsense that is meaningless to anyone experiencing any manner of suffering. I'll never have any opportunity to achieve any kind of contribution to the planet in terms of self-actualization because I'm so burned out from my job. I'll never get to travel or see the world because I'll always be spending whatever money I have catching up on the evermounting debt and the 2 weeks a year I get off are usually eaten up by illness, family obligations, and recovering from overwork. He told me "Well that's what life *IS*..." and didn't understand why I was upset. Work work work and then you die. No thanks!  

I started working in health care when I was 18 because I convinced myself that even if I couldn't do anything to help the world be a better place with things that I liked doing, I could at least help someone else. 6 years later I am officially burned out and past recompense. I have anxiety attacks in the storage room at work. The endless suffering around me simultaneously burns with how awful it can be and how little I can do to stop any of it, and also with guilt how much I've stopped caring about it because it just never. fucking. ends.

Why keep living if it's just going to end up this way? There isn't a way out. No matter what you do you'll end up in pain because life is basically suffering. Why do people do this? 

I have always figured it wouldn't matter as much/be as much of a formative experience for my siblings if I died when they were older, so I've held on for their sake. One of them graduates from high school this weekend, the other is going to be a junior. 2 more years of this looks like fucking hell. I keep thinking it won't be that bad. We don't have much of a relationship anyway. 

If I died it wouldn't impact anyone but my SO and they told me they can't deal with my depression anymore. I've told them I want to kill myself. I told my coworker. I told my roommate. I told my friends. I told my mom. And nobody had anything to offer as a reason why NOT except for how it would affect them personally, i.e. "I would be sad if you weren't here." Why? "Because" and then they can't elaborate. I don't think most of them took me seriously except my SO and they were just basically like "don't do this to me right now."  Ok, I'll be sure and schedule my next psychological crisis for when you don't have a big meeting at work. My priorities are just out of order or something. 

I don't offer anything to this planet and I'm shut off from basically anything it has to offer me due to lack of resources. I just don't think reading another shitty book or watching the entire catalog of Netflix or visiting the same park is a reason to continue being miserable 50 hours a week for the next 40 years. 


God, the river is raging outside, and I want so badly to lose myself in it. I won't do it because I don't want to throw a shadow on the graduation. But faking happiness has worn me so far down, I don't know how I'll make it through the whole rigmarole, let alone the next 2 years. 