Soon enoughI can't do this anymore. I'm typing this using Starbucks wifi. I'm homeless, empty and am in agonizing pain. I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me last December and haven't been the same since. I loved her more than I've loved anything in my life. I loved her daughter and being a stepdad too. I loved having a family. When I found out about the other guy, I cracked. Something inside me snapped. We were still sleeping together. We had an odd relationship until May. Just constantly toying with my emotions, getting my hopes up. Happy when she was around and falling apart when she wasn't. I tried so hard to get her back. Like my life depended on it. And it didn't happen. I couldn't keep it together. I moved to a different town back in April. Thought a fresh start would be what I needed. But things with her still lingered. And I couldn't find a job. She came to see me a couple nights, and we had actually ended up sleeping together. After that, she disappeared. She thought it would be better to stay with the guy she was with instead of working it out with me. She stopped talking to me. After not being able to find a job, I got kicked out. I managed to find a place to stay and finally got a job. But a week before my first paycheck I was kicked out again for no reason whatsoever. I had to have my ex come pick up my cat and whatever she could fit in her car. The rest was thrown away. She brought her boyfriend and daughter with her to see me crying hysterically over losing my cat and being on the street. I ended up at my best friends place for a few days but he got me to leave so he can have his space. My best friend doesn't mind if I'm on the street. I've reached out to everyone I can. Facebook, my entire phone book, family. Nobody cares. I'm homeless because my depression has crippled my mental state. I'm in constant agony and I can't do it anymore. Realizing all these people I loved don't care. Constantly realizing I lost everything. When I was mere weeks away from getting back on my own feet.  I've alienated everybody. I have nothing and nobody to keep me going. I almost hung myself last night but backed down at the last second. I figure I get paid Tuesday. So I'll go out and enjoy myself then do it. Just one last hurrah. This seems like my only option. Obviously there's something wrong with me. No one has this much bad luck. I've never felt worst in my life. And if nobody cares I'm gone then what's stopping me?