I Am A Burden (A rant, with no punchline)So, to start; I can't commit suicide. I'm in a long term relationship; my partner would be devastated. I can't do that to them.

But I think about it *every day*, now. More and more. And it seems more and more sensible, more and more appealing as a solution to my problem.

My problem is this; I am rotting. Some combination of depression and brain injury is eating me away, and there is less and less of me every day. I am less smart, less capable, less interested; more of a pain, more of a nuisance, more of a burden, other fun poetic ideas in sets of three.

I am, or *was*, very smart. I don't believe it's the responsibility of everyone to make the world a better place, rather that people should live in the way that suits them best without hurting others in the process. But I like helping people, and, not splitting hairs, am one of a comparative minority with the cognitive capacity to do the kind of science that can help the entire world. And I ***love*** science. I really do. Hours of boring lab work, countless negative reults, pages and pages of agonizing derivations, I love it. Physics and neurobiology, if you're curious.

That's always been the plan. Go to school, get degree, do science until a significant contribution has been made. I'm not gonna save the world by myself, I know that, I just want to do *something*.

And I've been doing that, little bits at a time, for a very long time now. At first the depression was a minor snag. Then it got serious; killed my GPA, had to drop out and get on medication. I thought, okay, good, I'm back on track.

But it just keeps getting *worse.* I am, at best, breaking even; at worst, I am wasting everyone's time and resources. It seems like I'm less cognitively capable with every passing hour. I don't love it anymore; I'm just frustrated that I'm being taught all these big, beautiful things, and I can't understand them anymore.

I've been keeping it together this quarter because I'm in student government; helping rebuild a failing STEM community at a pretty sizable campus. And I've been doing okay, I've been doing *something,* at least-

Nope. I discovered today exactly how badly I've been screwing up. So now I'm crazy enough to genuinely believe I'm helping when I'm making it worse.

I am no longer a person who can help make the world a better place. It's all I can do not to make it a worse place, and even that's getting harder.

So what good am I?

I tell myself every day that I'm not going to do it. I can't. Not to my partner. But it's so pervasive, and it keeps getting louder, and I'm scared that the part of me that still sees reason about this is going to rot away next, too.

But even there, I'm not as scared as I should be.

You can't help me. Don't worry about it. I am already thinking more clearly, putting the events of today in better and less dramatic perspective, talking myself down. All I needed was to say this and have anyone else listen. So, if you got this far, thank you. And, uh, wish me luck.

