Friends, Family, Love interest and Me.Hey, I'm 19 years old. 

I find it hard to express myself to other but here I go I guess.

Let's start off with something nice. I was homeless (real nice right) till just recently I got a place, It's a studio apartment so it gets pretty lonely, but still I'm happy happy with that I suppose.

A lot of everything has been happening recently, My family has been struggling and friends and love interest have been kinda pushing me away...

Let's start with my friends. A lot of the time I spend my time talking to and playing games with my friends, but a lot of that time is usually spend making shitty terrible gut punching jokes about one and other. I hate making them about my friends but when they throw a brick at me and I suppose to let it hit me in the head? I want to stop this stupid nonsensical bullshit "jokes" and just make jokes and be happy with them but... I try to address it and it just gets shot down and beaten to the ground by "You're so sensitive" or "You're fucking gay" (Because that's apparently bad? Not at all of course.....)

Next is my family... Where to begin? Well first of all my mother has a tumor growing. She was so scared and still is... I try my best to help her through this hard time but she just keeps making it worse for herself. (I have two brothers) Now my older brother is a drunk who does drugs and cries and tells me how much of a bad brother he is (He isn't) and my other brother is actually doing kinda ok so I suppose that's a silver lining I guess.. My father was always controlling... He and my mom separated... And he harasses her with texts and also sent me a text (Not typing it all) basically asking me to come fight him (He is old and he acts like a teen... It upsets me so much)

Now there is a woman I truly love with all my heart... But I've fucked up so god damm hard I do not have a chance of getting my one true love back... (I did not cheat or anything I just let her go and was an idiot)

And lastly me. Now Everyone is their own worse critic, I know that but.... I'm a failure truly... I never passed grade 9, and I don't have a job and can barely get past some weeks... Some times, In fact most times, I just sit and think how I am still alive with how much I hate myself... Every night I feel depressed and want to just end it and I brokedown almost every day now.... Even now I'm sitting here typing close to ending my life... Would it be worth it? I don't wanna hurt anyone and be an even bigger burden then I already am... I just want to be at peace...