I dont know what to do anymore.I've started noticing things about the relationships I have with people and I believe these relationships are false. I've started losing touch with all my friends. The only ones who seem to talk to me are the ones I play smash bros with. I'm relatively known in my local community. But outside of that game there is nothing. The friends I have outside of smash we've started to drift away. 

Now I'm not one to be on social media a lot but I do have all the friends I hang out with on facebook. And recentely I had gotten into a car accident. Which totaled my car, I posted about it on facebook. Why? because I tend to post big things that may have happened to my facebook. Didn't receive any comments or a phone call or message to see if i was ok. Maybe its childish to expect a friend or 2 to care. The only person to ask if i was ok was my insurance. That kinda hurt.

I recently just found out my sister had made some major life changes. How? in passing conversation she was having with someone else. I then asked why she didn't tell me? Since we now have the same career path. And she told me she didn't think of telling me. So, I just thought ok I mean my feelings were kind of hurt. I had always thought me and my sister were kind of close. But after that happened I started to think about our relationship. And realized that we really aren't that close because most conversations we have are her asking for a ride or when we are in the car together and us arguing about the music. I realized she doesn't come to me with anything of importance.

my 3 childhood friends that I had been friends with since elementary all died in a car accident almost 2 years ago. I realized they are the only people I have ever had in my life that have ever reached out to me if they hadn't heard from me. Or would drive to my house even after I moved 45 mins away. And I would do the same.

I mean I realize everyone has their own lives and doesn't have the time to worry about me.

But, I would just like to feel important in someones life. I would like to be of value to someone. I tried to convince myself that I'm important to me. But I dont like myself, I've tried doing exercises where I look for things that I like about myself. And I can't find anything.

The only reason I haven't just said screw it all and ended it because I didn't want to hurt those around me. But realizing I'm not important or someone that would be missed. Its becoming an increasingly attractive option. Its not something I intend on doing in the near future. But having these thoughts is exhausting and it hurts. I dont know if any of this makes sense. Or maybe its just a bruised ego maybe this isn't something I should be upset about. Maybe I'm overreacting. I dont know I just know it hurts. And needed a place to unload since I dont have anyone to talk to.