Will the pain ever end? I'm getting tired of this...I don't know where to begin... 
I'm a relatively successful 25 year old female. I've dabbled with thoughts of suicide/self harm my whole life (overdose when I was 11, cutting at 12, suicide note at 13, in the ER with overdose at 15) with things getting way worse there past few years. But I'm not some brooding, sad person. I've always been a sweet, cheery, happy, loving, caring person- but who cries on the inside and in her room alone at night, tormented by voices in her head. 

My problems really got bad when I went to grad school. In undergrad I was so happy and successful. I devoted my life to trying to make the world a better place, inspire others. And I did. I was constantly organizing volunteering events, fundraisers. I inspired lots of people, not that I am trying to be vain, but it was the truth. I won the top award a student can at my school. As my mom says, 'People there thought you could walk on water". All that and I graduated with a 3.8 GPA in the hardest major my school had. 

Fast forward to grad school. I moved to a new city, Atlanta. I was in a grueling program with people I really didn't fit in with. I've always been shy, but I just couldn't make friends no matter how hard I tried. And school was so hard. I really struggled just to pass. With all of my school demands, I had no time to pursue those things I once loved and it killed me. When I tried to make a difference again, I failed miserably. I lost my self esteem; my self identity. 
One bright spot of that time was my boyfriend- my first ever. He was so wonderful. He would always make me smile and laugh, believed in me. We had so much fun together. He moved for a job, but we talked for hours every night and saw each other every other weekend. It was magic. 
School got even harder, I would cry in class, had panic attacks. Only get out of bed for class, fall asleep there and then go home and sleep. I had a horrible internship with an abusive woman, and she failed me. Which meant I wouldn't graduate. When I found this out, well, I ended up in the ER thanks to a friend I told my plan to kill myself.

But I got on meds, got a good counselor and things looked up. Now that I was done with school (I had a make-up internship) I could finally move to be with my wonderful boyfriend in Austin, so I thought.

Once I moved to Austin, out relationship began to fall apart. He would make fun of my looks all the time, stopped being the person I fell in love with. He became a mean, cheap, heartless person. But I kept trying and trying so hard to please him, which probably just made it worse. We had no live outside of each other and work pretty much. I got a new job and really struggled. My depression came back bad, I would have trouble doing anything beside staying in bed on the internet. My work was piling up and I got so behind. Suicidal thoughts have been always there throughout my life, but they got to be constant. 

I've spent countless hours researching suicide methods. I chose to buy a gun. Multiple times I went to the store and looked at them. Thankfully I called a hotline, and well, ended up in a psychiatric hospital. That was about a month ago.

While there, I read a great book on depression, got on new meds and came out feeling like a new person. But then it was my 4 year anniversary with my boyfriend. I got feeling so depressed about us, he rejected my gifts I bought him and I threw him out, saying we were broken up.

The breakup was so hard, my progress from being in the hospital all went away. I begged God for help. I told my mom about everything and she flew down on a plane the same day. She came, helped me a lot, cleaned my place. We had a lot of fun together. I felt like I could do this, get over my depression. But it didn't last, when she left I was bad and didnt take my meds and nearly jumped off a highway overpass.

I got back on my meds and am really trying to go out and do things, pamper myself. And it helped. But now I just feel like its all a joke. Those thoughts of suicide just won't go away. I'll never be the person I want to be. I'm only getting older and like is getting worse. My boyfriend said the reason he started treating me so bad was because I gained weight, got dark circles under my eyes and he didn't want to deal with my depression.

Now, I'm just listening to all 126 songs on wikipedia about suicide. I don't want to die, but I just don't feel like my life is going to get better. I'll always have these demons tormenting me. Every time I try, I get brought back down. It's just too hard to fight. I just don't want to fight anymore...