So alone please helpI'm really seriously scared. I've lost the love of my life and I  have spiralled so close to the void that I am petrified I'm not sure what I am looking for by posting here but I just want to talk to someone and I have no one. Background, I was engaged to the love of my life who was an underwear model, I thought my life was perfect and when it finished it broke my heart and finished me totally and I finally moved out to a new city where I knew absolutely noone and I've spiralled into serious heroin addiction to the point that today I couldn't score so I got a homeless guy to score for me, all needle exchanges were closed and I only had used pins and long story short I have stopped caring about myself to such an extent that I shared his equipment /spoon  with him and its really frightened me how bad I've got. It's every man's dream to be with an underwear model right? We fantasise about the girl in the poster on the wall growing up but the reality of being with one is shockingly difficult and different. The level of insecurity (fake nose, tits, botox, lips fat sucked out of tummy etc etc) was insane and I would have such a row for talking to anyone it just became easier to interact with no one but her (eg I had a job when we first got together but following so many rows that I "just drive around with my boss trying to pick up girls" I packed it in to spend all of my time with her. This has left me isolated and with absolutely noone. She was my sun moon and stars by the way I breathed for her, my heart beats for her alone and never so much as thought about another woman since the second I laid eyes on her. Anyway, it was a terrible relationship where my self esteem was pummeled completely out of me. She repeatedly cheated but I was in such a mind set and such a low spot (psychological abuse is far worse than physical) that I just thought "well, I want to be loved despite my flaws and I'm a flawed individual so I'm going to afford my partner the same courtesy". I finally left, just walked out on the house, car, business everything (stuff and money means nothing to me) and moved somewhere where I don't know anyone for afresh start. If you have never had to self medicate to cope with the pain then I truly truly envy you but I have gotten deep deep into heroin and today I am lying here on my bed with the dread of having shared with that guy and its killing me. I'm so alone and can't so thinking about her (she is deliriously happy with someone new and her life is going incredibly well obviously) where as I have literally spoken to no one at all for months I don't eat at all i have lost so so so much weight, I haven't washed in months real talk and have had no physical contact what so ever and would currently give my arm for someone who cares to put there arms around me. I don't eat and I simply didn't care about myself when I did that earlier. I am just looking for advice or a kind word or, I just don't know anymore. Thank you for taking the time to read this and please help me in any way that you can it would be immeasurably appriciated. Thank you x