1st of November should have been itI am here at 15 somehow past my birthday.
I don’t feel I should be here yet i find it funny I am. 
I had planned to literally put rocks in my pockets and jump off this really nice bridge with a flowing river I have always loved since I was a kid but now I’m still here, I am ashamed I am 15 and yet I still think I’m 12, when I was 9 my first best friend told me to f*** off because I was annoying and my little mind spiralled.
I honestly don’t know how I knew how to do this or where it was influenced in me but I tried to hang myself off my bunk bed about a month after that but evidently the rope snapped.
About a few months ago I tried this again but with a different method of an old and kind of blunt steel ruler but that didn’t work either as I panicked from seeing the blood and made a really bad bandage with paper form a copy and duct tape I use to fix my headphones.
I had a bottle of bleach to my mouth a month ago and I don’t no what in my pale ceramic bathroom talked me out of this but just remembering stupid shit like my old wall-e toothpaste and giving myself a beard in a bubble bath when I was 5 somehow just made think “not today”. 
WHY DO I ALWAYS BACK DOWN!
I am almost a straight A student in math and English and I’ve been failing them now, staring at a class test with a very blunt 28% in front of me brought me only shame but a second later I laughed about it because I realised it didn’t matter, whenever life becomes really shit I’ll kill myself.
It’s like a character form a movie just walking around listening to people when I want, now I’m only polite to people when I think it’s beneficial, in my head I’m wondering how it will help me or what I can get them to do as some petty social obligation, I am clever and I hate that, I am literally a maniacal nerd..... let that sink in.

I honestly don’t why I haven’t done it yet because now all I’ve realised is that the girl I’ve liked for 2 years and rejected me a few months ago likes someone else and that’s frustrating....very frustrating.
After that confession along with the most blunt let down which consisted of “haha I’m laughing right now, I like you too jkjk back to the conversation”(I barely paraphrased)
We were friends and I passed this confession off as kind of spur of the moment and continued talking about our favourite movies holding back tears.
Fast forward a few months and I start talking with a friend of a friend who turns out to be the first girl I’ve talked to since and guess what! It’s the first girl-scratch that-person my generation who also like books!!! I start talking to her about movies books and surprisingly monster and I’m actually kind of funny with witty jokes that I swear some made her laugh and this was FANTASTIC.
It was the first girl I’ve spoken to and it was the start of a fun new friendsh..... oh no,oh GOD no, please don’t do this to me,nononononono....
I got a text from her friend, it said she likes me, I talked to my friend and he said I was kind of her 
rebound, and all this was literally nothing to her.

This is a long text with little content, sorry you read this.

Kind regards,
A fellow Redditor