I don't know where else to post this. I keep having dreams where I wake up convinced to kill myself.I just woke up completely ready to kill myself, one hundred percent ready, and then I looked around and saw that it was a dream, and that things were actually okay.

I don't know how to explain this. I've been suicidal and depressed nearly all my damn life, with a few good years of my youth lost to a complete nihilistic blur of nothingness. I'm not anymore. Yet, I know the feeling really well, and I've been at the absolute edge so, so many times.  
I started getting help this year, anti-depressants, therapy, spiritual work, goals, everything. For months and months and months I think I've been okay. I don't actively feel depressed or even stressed. Previously I'd think of suicide immediately - partly because home life is a nightmare and that's only ever seemed like the only escape - but now I have a baby brother to think of, someone to look forward to marrying, goals, everything. I genuinely do not feel tangibly depressed in my real life even when faced with problems.

And yet my dreams are vivid, clear, and detailed - events happen, completely true to life, that could probably happen right now (but are still very forced and I'm kind of weirded out as to how the dreams weave themselves into that narrative). I'm NEVER able to tell myself that it's a dream, something I could do before. I always think it's really happening. And I end up planning my suicide 100%, and I'm often egged on by the contents or the people in the dream. Today everyone around me knew I was about to do it and they were planning on what to do afterwards. I don't think I see the people in my life in this light IRL, fucked up as they are, yet I didn't question it in the dream and it just strengthened my resolve to kill myself. I woke up sort of just before I actually killed myself, and I got up and out of bed and looked around, ready to jump! I caught myself within seconds and just stood there, confused as fuck. I had to actively tell myself and remind myself it was a dream and that I am not suicidal. And yet...

I don't know what this is. I don't know who can help. It's so, so fucked up. It's so scary.