advice about a friendMental health is wack, this won’t be the first time I post here. Anyways, hi. I’m a 16 year old female who has been struggling with extreme mental health problems since I was 13. Fun, I know. It’s gotten progressively worse over time as a result of trauma, blah blah. Right now.. I kind of just want advice.

To put it in the simplest way possible; I hate myself. I hate myself in many aspects, and the one I’ll be talking about is when it comes to looks. I am overweight, I am horrid (that’s what I think at least, but my family tries to be like “oH nO you’re pRetty). Yeah, it’s horrible. I have this friend, I’ll call her Sarah for the sake of this post. Uh, yeah, she’s been.. mean?

Okay, Sarah and I have been friends for over three years. As of now, she’s my best friend. I lost my closest friends awhile back for various reasons, and she’s been my best friend. I love her, she’s amazing. We’ve always had this really close bond, and we’ve always teasingly insulted each other. It was never a toxic thing, but suddenly things are just spiraling in more ways than one. The issue here? She won’t stop commenting about how ugly I am, how fat I am and disgusting I look. She will go on and on about how disgusting I am, how she’s so much skinnier and prettier. God, I swear she’s a narcissist all of the sudden. She’ll compare herself to me all the time and invalidate me and stuff, I hate it so much. She’ll just go so into depth if that makes sense? I’ll just be having a fine time, I’ll feel okay, and suddenly she just starts saying that. It hurts, I’ve told her this, she doesn’t stop. I told her I don’t like it, she said “I don’t know how to respond to that.” Fucking, what? Just say you’ll stop? Oh well, it’s fine but Jesus.. the stuff she says is hurtful, I’m so sick of it. 

I got a job recently, and she won’t stop asking me to buy her expensive items. Yes, we are close friends, but it’s starting to get annoying. She thinks that by talking dirty to me she can get to me; I used to have a crush on her which she was aware about which is why she does it, but not anymore. Currently I am not interested in relationships, so when she does that I get uncomfortable. She’ll be like “you like it when I talk to you like this, don’t you?” I’ll say no, then she’ll say I’m lying. She hasn’t done it enough to the point where I flat out tell her to stop, I’m too much of a pushover and I don’t want to make her angry so I haven’t spoken up.

Let me put it like this: she’s begging me to buy her things which is getting annoying. I will buy her things once in awhile but she needs to stop asking so often, I have a phone bill to pay and stuff and I don’t make much money. It’s getting annoying. She calls me ugly and stuff, she knows it’s hurtful, she won’t stop. These two things top it off, she makes fun of my trauma for one. She hasn’t done it in awhile, 
but god it always leaves me stunned. I went through a lot and confided in her and only her about it, then she makes jokes? This one, she’s done more than once every day this week. I had a sister that passed away, she won’t stop making jokes about her. I’m gonna sound really childish for this, but here goes. My sister died a little after she was born. I never really got to meet her, but it still hurts? I don’t know, I know it sounds stupid but I’m so lonely y’know.. I don’t make many friends outside of the internet and I just think “maybe if she was alive I would have at least someone who accepts me for who I am,” “maybe if she were alive I would have someone there for me,” other things. It just makes me sad, it’s impacted our family a lot. She’s been making jokes about my sister, and it makes me so angry. I got angry with her one time about it, and she said I was dumb for feeling bad. “Why are you being so defensive about someone you’ve never met?” Something like that. It just.. hurts.

God, I’m so hurt. I don’t want her to act like this, I want things to go back to normal. I don’t want to drop her, I don’t want to be alone, I don’t have anyone else, but still.. I don’t want to spend all this time feeling constantly angry with her y’know? I don’t know what to do, I can’t confront her cause she won’t take it seriously, she just never does. The last time I confronted her about something she just kept responding with “I know” or something. What do I do? I really don’t want to lose her but this hurts. Someone give me advice, please? Ugh, I’m sorry if I sound dumb or desperate but.. I am. Also, I’m sorry if this is the wrong place to post this. Thanks.