I graduate from college in December and I'm terrified of what comes next.I guess I worked eight-hour days when I was in primary and secondary school but at least when I was in school I had the summer to look forward to; there was a sense that I was progressing toward a goal and when the school year ended I felt like I had accomplished it.  But having a job seems much worse insofar as you're working forty to eighty hours a week year round with no end in sight except for being fired or dying.  And that's just the time you spend at the workplace; if you have to take your work home with you then your job consumes your entire life and I realize that you have to work to live but I don't have to like it and I wonder if it's even worthwhile living if you have to devote so much of your time to doing something you hate.  I'm aware that most people lead their lives in this way and I don't want to hold that in contempt; if you can do it, then I have nothing but respect for you.  I just don't think it's for me.  

But I'm also not the sort of person who could manage to survive without having a traditional job: I'm not a very creative or enterprising person; I'm very much a follower and I feel I'd be happiest, and I use the word *happiest* advisedly, if I had a way of making money that had clear tasks to accomplish and compensated me predictably for accomplishing those tasks.  

And I don't think I can stay in the academy either: for one thing I'm not good enough at my field of study to go to a graduate school of any repute and for another it's just a bad bet these days to try to get a job as an academic.  I never exactly loved school and I certainly don't love it enough to live in poverty hoping for a job as an adjunct professor somewhere.  (But I have nothing but respect for those who go down this path.  You all do necessary work.  I'm just not equal to doing it.)  And anyway I couldn't ask my parents to pay for more school.  

So I'm left having to do try to get an office job so that, even if I'm compensated relatively well, I'll be spending the majority of the rest of my life working on things I'm not interested in but pretending to like it so I don't get fired.  And in any case my quality of life is about to get a lot worse, no matter what my salary is, because my parents have done a great job of supporting me.  

So I understand if you don't have a lot of sympathy for me because I have had a very pleasant life by any measure up to now and there is a good chance I will, objectively speaking, continue to live comfortably in the future.  But maybe you can see it from my point of view: I have been able to sustain a great life with basically no effort: my only obligation has been to do well and school and that has been about it.  But now I am about to be put in a situation where I must expend a great deal of time and effort in order to maintain what will be a worse life than I am accustomed to leading.  And I don't think I am ready to come to terms with that fact.