I’m extremely worried for someone elseThis might be kind of long but I’m afraid my ex boyfriend is going to commit suicide. We recently broke up but have been staying in contact for the last couple weeks. 

For the duration of our relationship I’ve known that he’s struggled with mental health issues, mainly depression. We were together 3 years and I have known when he goes into deep episodes and what his behavior is usually like. His only type of self medication is through smoking weed. Recently, it’s been getting a lot worse and he’s making threats and I’m not sure how to handle them. I’m afraid to call a welfare check because what if that makes the situation worse? I’ve tried talking to his mom but she only speaks Spanish and doesn’t think it’s a mental health problem. Also, they are a family of immigrants and mental health concerns might just bring shame to his family. 


Last Friday he said things to me via text that say “... another reason I’ll die alone, soon” so I asked soon? And he said “yeah, gonna be successful this time” 

We talked in person on Friday and I asked him if he has a plan and he kept saying “don’t worry about it” and hinted at that he would just want to drive away so nobody would know. 

Things were fine and then now yesterday he started saying things again. 

He said “I think there’s no going back from where my mental health is and I don’t see myself getting better or anything help get better”

“It’s fine, it would be better if I just wasn’t here” 


“Its true. I wouldnt have to struggle with anything, i wouldn't have to worry about fucking my life up, i wouldn't have to worry abouy hurting the ones close to me, i wouldnt have to worry about anytbing” 


“Its fine, the people im more concern about hurting is [brother] and my mom. Everyone else will forget and even better some will never know” 

“But nah its fine, you gotta focus on work. Im being serious with this too rn. Not gonna respond. Have a goodnight [OP]” 

And then he didn’t respond to me for the rest of the night. I’m not sure what to do and he won’t accept any type of mental health services and I’m afraid I’m going to lose him forever.