I've Been Around Long Enough Now to Know that the Good Things Never LastI posted this to /r/offmychest but I feel that people on here are more likely to respond... Here it goes, please read everything. They never last. Ever. Everything was finally, finally clearing up a little. I was almost fine... But today it just came crashing down again. My mind works this way: Bad Thoughts are put in a box and thrown in the back of the closet. Sometimes the closet gets full and all the Bad Thoughts spill out and they need to be seen. Everything about me is negative, even thought I try my best to radiate positive energy. I love everybody I get to know and I am always there for them. I have a big heart. I love everybody but I can't relate to them, at all. I don't really feel much empathy, just sympathy. It's probably due to the fact that I (may) have Asperger's. I've known for almost four years now. And not feeling empathy, for me, is devastating because I'll never connect with people the way others do. I'm an alien. I just wanna be normal. I see all these kids my age having fun and buying makeup and kissing their boyfriends and girlfriends. None of that has happened to me. I'm ugly and depressed and I can't even care for myself. Those aren't particularly good attributes for someone about to enter high school. Yeah, yeah. I know I'm young. Don't tell me it'll get better. Everyone says it will be okay but it's not and hasn't been my entire life. People manipulate me. My best friend emotionally abused me and even a year later, I still keep that box of Bad Memories in the closet. If I open it, it will just be too much for me. I feel pathetic because I'm so young and bad things don't happen to young girls and I'm just overreacting. My hamster, the only thing that brings me happiness and (currently) structure to my life is dying. Tomorrow makes one month that I've had her. I feel horrible. She has Wet Tail and I didn't catch it on time because it's sudden, and now I feel fucking stupid. Just imagine,news headlines about a little Mexican girl that kills herself because her fucking hamster died. I'm really lonely. No one loves me, no one. My parents don't talk to me. I don't know who they dated or what the favorite movie is. I just know a few things. Everyone else is so close to their parents and they talk about anything. I can't. If I could, I would. My parents don't know about this at all. They don't know I want to die. Everything is bad again. I feel spacey again. My mind is screaming throwing terrible thoughts of homicide and suicide at me. I wish I could be normal. I hate myself. So. Much. But I don't want to die yet. It scares me. You know, I should shut up now. I whine too much. I shouldn't wake up tomorrow but I know I'm going to stay alive, in pain, for a long long time and I hate it. Edit: My hamster died. I'm feeling worse now, actually.