I've been suicidal for 20 years. This is different.Many people have told me that from the time I was a baby, I would daze off and go blank in the eyes. Not crying, not happy, but not okay. 

The first time I wanted to run away I was three years old. My step dad locked me outside (we lived in one of the worst parts of the projects at the time) because I said, "I'm going to run away. I want my mom." I camped out in the bed of his truck and went inside the next morning after he awoke and my mom was in a panic because she couldn't find me. He spun a nice web to her, made me feel bad for scaring her, and I was punished with the usual (holding encyclopedias straight in front of me for an undetermined length of time-drop one and you get two more.) That night before I went to sleep, I came to the conclusion that I simply didn't want to exist.

My first suicidal thought came when I was six years old, and it seemed my birthday had been forgotten. It wasn't-my mom gave me one balloon angrily as she rushed to get the groceries inside. Alone and extremely sad, I threw the weight tied to the ribbon of the balloon to the ground, causing the balloon to become unattached. I cried and jumped after it as the only token that proved someone cared flew to the sky. It was then a thought occurred to me: mom wouldn't have been angry if I hadn't been so worried about my birthday. I was six, so obviously by now I see that she was just upset because she couldn't afford to do anything for me. But in the moment, the best thing I thought I could do was fall out of a very large tree and hopefully be so injured that I would cease to exist. 

Over the next decade I would learn how to control the thoughts. I would learn how to find things to live for, and I would learn how to detect an episode. Unfortunately during this learning I picked up the habit of cutting. I had never heard of anyone doing it, I just had a pain and couldn't make it stop. If your hand hurts, hurt the other hand so you won't notice the initial pain, right? But it wasn't a habit for me. It took over my life. I wasn't in and out of hospitals because A) it took years for anyone to notice, B) we were poor, and C) my dad had always told me to work it out myself. Helpful, until yourself can't seem to see a light anymore. 

And that's where I am now. I stopped cutting routinely years ago. But the last few years have finally taken their toll. I've been abused over and over for my entire existence-convinced that I'm manipulative and unstable (although professionals keep telling me I'm doing everything right,) led to believe I'm far more and yet so much less than I am, and a litany of other things. These last few years, though, have done me in. I've seen and caused so much pain. I feel too much pain all the time. I want to scream, cry, laugh, dance, punch things. I used to be able to talk myself out of thinking that way-convince myself it wasn't as bad as I was making it (although in reality it was much worse than I realized at the time-) but now I can't. Now I feel the end coming. I've started writing letters, even. No one in my life has any idea, and they can't, because they wouldn't understand what it feels like to know there's a train screaming toward you and you're bound to the tracks silently accepting that soon you'll be dead. 

This is me reaching out; this is 
my attempt to not die.