I've done a lot of damage, and I feel miserable about everything. I hurt one of the people I loved the most, and they want me to kill myself.I am big time video gamer, ever since I was a little kid, but unfortunately it's all been under the guise of someone I'm not (a girl, and 3 years older). I met this guy on a video game in January, and we really hit it off and were having a blast together--everything was perfect until he found out that I was a guy, the first person in 6-7 years. I've been telling all the people that I've known, and it's been an extremely rough time. I learned my lesson, but unfortunately I really had to hurt someone that I cared about deeply, and now they think I'm some fucked up lunatic, instead of just a kid that made a huge mistake and is trying to do everything they can.

It's been somewhat relieving at times, but when I think about all the pain I caused (he really loved me), I feel overwhelmingly miserable. He never wants to speak or hear from me again, and in our last conversation, after I tried to be as friendly and polite as I could, he said something like I possessed mental issues and the only cure was offing myself. It's really hard to forgive myself for doing something so bad and evil, and I'm going on everyday thinking about how I could let myself do that to someone I care about... and he just has no intention of trying to understand, he only wants to forget, but I still want to be friends with him... I really miss the way things used to be even though it wasn't real. I'm scared that I may not find someone for me (I'm gay, although in my late teens). What I did was really terrible, and most people have forgiven me, but not him and I really doubt he's every going to and that's the scariest part for me.

Any help would be appreciated, life is so unenjoyable right now, and really am clueless as to what I do--everyone tells me I shouldn't try to contact him, but it's the natural response to try to fix things, right?
I can elaborate or answer any other questions... I would really appreciate any help. Thank you in advance.