Between life and death2014 was a really bad year for me. 

The allergy that broke out of nowhere leaving me with $1k bill on ER, the surgery, that tim  I got which got me sent to ICU, I crashed my car in a very stupid way, got a really bad haircut and hair growth slowing down (about to recede) and my renewal of visa while my marriage is falling apart. 

Anxiety, depression, insomnia, stress and so on - I can't believe I'm still here.

I've had suicidal thoughts around 4 years ago - when I learned I could be deported away from my family, when things can actually go wrong. I started saving back then, sometimes my friends and family would think I'm cheap or too frugal but I'm actually saving for my own coffin and burial so my parents wouldn't have to worry about the costs. 

I don't clean my room a lot because if I do, I might think I'll run out of things to do and its time to go.

Every time my renewal of visa date comes up, I would stop seeing my friends so that if I get denied and commit suicide it would make it easier for them to watch me go away.

I used to be scared, I didn't want to do it - it's not right, I'm going to hell ; i made excuses left and right so I can move forward. Nowadays, I don't feel scared anymore and actually my worries now is what's the best way to do it: gun? hang? jump? something that would end it quick?

The only remedy I had was being with my friends, but nowadays everybody's been busy with work, day-offs not matching with everybody and some of my close friends have been MIA (busy with relationships, school and whatnot). The group changed when they met new people, I couldn't connect with them - I feel out of place. For the first time in my life - I feel alone

I'm living 2015 like its my last year, I go out every weekends, I ask my friends a lot (usually when they hangout they don't invite me anymore and that's ok), I'm trying new things and soon I'll sign up for organ donor so that somehow I could still be of use to those people who want to live.

I've saved enough money for my burial and to support my siblings on their college, I've distanced my self from my friends quite a bit, I'm almost done with my bucket list - the only thing I haven't done is clean my room. I'm almost there :)

I've always wanted to tell someone but I'm scared. They'll probably think I'm just asking for attention or just over-reacting. I couldn't talk to anyone. Nobody knows, I didn't give a single hint to anyone that I feel this way. I look happy whenever I see my friends or family, because that's the only time I can feel something - the rest is just a blank page.

Life is probably the shittiest game I've ever played and it might be the only game I'll never get to finish.

If my visa gets denied this year I guess that's it for me - I'm exhausted