Softening the Blow: Is it easier to mourn someone you hate? Should I leave them with great or awful last impressions?I want to make it as easy as possible for my loved ones. Do I make the effort to push everyone away and make them hate me? (Eg cheat on my bf) Do I make this next month and a half a nightmare for everyone so that they can let go of me easier? Or do I try to make these last interactions happy and memorable so that they remember me in a “good light”? If you’ve ever lost someone to suicide, what’s your experience? How could they have made it better for you? In this scenario, not killing them selves isn’t the option, though. The question is how could they have eased the pain. 

I don’t WANT to, and I’d probably cry the whole time but ya, I am considering cheating on my bf to soften the blow but I don’t know if this would make it better or worse? Finding out someone was “not who you think they were” could help, right? Like, I’m wondering if it would be a good idea to kill two birds, by becoming a cam girl. It’s not that my bf thinks sex workers are gross or anything, it’s not that that would hurt him. It would be that I’d have been keeping a secret, that I’d been unfaithful, that I’d have been so “desperate” (bc it’s just not like me) and that I was able to be sexual with someone else when I can’t bring myself to do anything with him (sup low libido due to persistent suicidal ideation, hows it goin). PLUS I’d be making money that I can put toward funeral expenses. My bf is already so drained and I know that staying with me is killing him, which in turn, kills me. He needs to be freed. They all do, really. 

I have so much to put in place to make this whole thing go as smooth as possible for people I’m leaving behind. I’m a hoarder and I need to clear out this place so my parents don’t have to. I need to figure out what to do with my cats. Whether or not I should write a note. If I should do anything for my birthday. How to make my dad’s birthday special. If I should apologize to my mental health team.