Finally going to end it tonightI'm a young woman trapped in a foreign country with a bf who I still believe is my family, despite all the abuse. I know I'm fucked up. He can be manipulative, incredibly mean, and is always hot/cold for no apparent reason, yet I've felt like I needed him because I have no one else. I cling to the 'hot'. I know I can be withdrawn and sad sometimes, but I take good care of him, am fiercely loyal, I make him laugh a lot and I always support him, which makes it hard for me to understand why he is so mean so often. He hyper focuses on all my flaws to the point that flaws are all I see of myself anymore. Maybe because he is even more hurt and messed up than me, idk anymore.

I can't get work here, no friends or family, no support system other than some homeless dogs I have befriended. I can't get home, living off limited savings. And even if I could get home, there isn't anything for me in the current world, nowhere for me to go, I don't want to live as a slave, working maximum hours for minimum pay. I am studying currently but I am so depressed I find it hard to focus and retain new information. I have tried to reach out to people and make friends here, but I am socially awkward and nobody really likes the shy girl enough to want to see her again. I'm living in a small town, and the last group of people I tried to befriend turned on me and began spreading nasty rumours about me. I'm so socially clueless that I legitimately thought these people liked me. I was heartbroken when I found out the lies that were being passed around. I barely knew them and they hated me already. It's hard for me to believe I just keep meeting the wrong people.

Because I have been hurt a lot, I try so hard to be to others what I wish I had for myself. I don't want  to be the reason someone hurts as much as I do. Everyone leaves though, or betrays you, everyone but my animal friends. And they just aren't enough to stay anymore. I know the way my bf sometimes treats me is wrong, but I'm so desperate for someone to love and care about me that I've stayed and I try to support him and make him happy, in the hope he will choose to see and appreciate me one day. That it will get better. But I finally see that is a hopeless, childish wish.

I am tired of being so alone in the world. Even if it were possible, if I were strong enough to escape this situation, I have endured being torn down and belittled for too long. I am honestly a pretty hopeless adult, I'm so scared of the world and it seems every new experience I have makes me more afraid of people. I've developed terrible anxiety and I don't see myself trusting or having anything worth living for in the future. God knows I try, but I can't feel anything good anymore, even when I'm doing good for others, which has cheered me up in the past. I just don't see any other ways forward or any hope. 

I have tried reaching out for help in the past and talking about it, but it just makes people angry and upset, so now I just pretend to be ok. I have tried numerous therapists and hated how fake and forced it all felt, the worst one told me I was too pretty to be depressed. I don't want to be told things will get better, they haven't in years, despite my efforts, and what I've told you here is barely even a portion of my full story. I've tried and I've been strong for a long time, and I'd just like the dignity to give up now. The thought of dying and not feeling anymore gives me relief.

The past couple days I have been alone, can't get up out of bed anymore, can't eat, barely drinking. I have wanted to end it for a long time now. I know how I'm going to do it. I'm not so much afraid to die anymore, as it can't be as bad as living, but I have been afraid of the pain involved in dying. I am a wimp. I need to end it well before this time tomorrow, as I do not want to risk being found and potentially revived with brain damage. I wish there was an easier way out for people like me who have made their choice, but there isn't. I guess this is my story, and my goodbye, if anyone is there.