PTSD and everyone's "harsh truths" make me want to die after just turning 29 and being female.TLDR: I explored all the radical ideologies online (like red pill, black pill, etc.) and I'm a 29 year female who thought she had her whole life ahead of her despite surviving complex trauma...and now I want to die because of...really misogynistic/youth-obsessed/nihilistic people and their enablers on the internet. And welcome to my truth 

I have accomplished typical milestones in my life and have people that love and care about me. I look fine--some people even say I'm beautiful/gorgeous (like it matters that much? 🙄) but I am also curious and I have been through complex trauma (including repeated sexual abuse/rape, car accidents, tragically losing my mother, public degradation and medical malpractice)...I know I'm resilient but I am so damn tired of surviving and trying to thrive and achieve my goals amongst abusive people in my everyday life and the vibrant community of abusers and their ignorant-enablers online (and yes. I dare say this on reddit)

I am also aware that people my age are up against impossible odds in America (which everyone conveniently blames my generation for--before we were even old enough to hold positions of authority). If you don't know what I mean...read this: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theatlantic.com/amp/article/577408/

Meanwhile, so many men in my age group and younger are being "red pilled" and blaming ALL women for their problems (they say "feminism" but they punish average women for the mainstream culture) and the women are becoming desperate "pick-me's" who believe their value ends when they turn 23 years old. I know its not everyone, but its happened to men and women I care about as well as myself a little bit. 

And I want to die. I can already feel/predict the responses I will get to this post. I feel like I'm drowning in a sea of people who are so downtrodden, pessimistic and brainwashed that they think they're just being a "realist" when they're actually being excessively-insensitive and have the worst interpretation of reality (which makes them believe they are telling us all "harsh truths").

And don't get me started on the logicky-skeptic-y--science-is-absolute-truth-stuff. Science gathers support and evidence--stop following it like its religious dogma. 

And I'm sorry but as a female, the time of 18-24 years old were the absolute WORST years of my life, other than my academic life/graduating college. Other than school, I was put down, raped and degraded repeatedly. It was hell. I lost mind. I lost my mother. If some red-pill neckbeard says that's "my prime", then please fucking kill me. 

My life has gotten better since then and I feel healthier than ever--I think I look better too, but fucking internet society and its self-deprecating-youth-obsession is leaking into the real world more and more and more I can't escape it.

I want to die, but I don't want to attempt again (I survived suicide when I was 18). 
I keep asking for someone to kill me gently...but I really just want everyone to wake up to something better and stop being so obsessed with nihilism/procreation/youth/etc.

But again, I can imagine the reddit comments now. I hope I'm wrong about that--but yes, please...kill me.