I'm depressed, sure, but I'm more just not interested in the futureYeah, theres the depression and pain, the sadness and the agony, mental health issues and early signs of schizophrenia, and an inability to connect with people and the health issues that are going to make life hell at 40/50. But I don't think most of that would make me suicidal.

I think the disinterest, the idea that there is no good future for me or enjoyable life, that my chosen interests in art can't provide financially or support me, that I'll never achieve goals and that the goals I have aren't long term or sustaining financially and possibly emotionally.

I read a lot and I know I'm not going to find answers in literature, or anywhere else, because nobody has the answer, but I feel like I'm able to get a better understanding of people and life and morality, yet in the end I feel like none of it matters so it's a waste of time.

I'm not a desirable partner and the girls I do bring in end up being awful people. I try and stay on good terms with everyone and as life goes, there are always people that just hate or resent me and it bothers me. 

Feelings of lonliness and isolation are frequent. I have a couple friends who are really great, and we're a tight group and all are really open and honest with each other, and I know it would hurt them and my family, but I don't feel like this life is worth living. All I want to do is make art and travel and i don't know if I even feel like waiting long enough to travel or finish my music. I thought about going to another country with a one way ticket and dying there, but that would be a mess and I'd hate for my family to have to deal with the logistics of bringing back my body, etc, but i feel it would be better for me to be far off and distant, with them getting a call from someone else, rather than someone I know seeing me one day then finding my corpse the next. 

I've been so torn up mentally on and off lately that actually thinking about taking my pills and slippin' out of the world calms me down and sounds really fucking nice. Its scary, and I don't know if I'm 100% on board with doing it, but if I did it wouldn't matter would it? Once I'd die, I wouldn't be around to care haha

I don't know where else to post, and I'm not gonna bother with some bullshit suicide note, romantically laying out my heart and pain and all that shit. I just figure writing it out somewhere is good, and I know people might try to discourage it here but you have to know that it's not going to change my mind. I just want to catalog the final state of another man who feels like a boy who didn't need to exist. I guess I'm still falling into that poetic romanticism crap that I thought I'd avoid by not writing a suicide note haha.