I don't see any optionsI probably don't deserve to be on this board because I am not really worth anyone 's time but I just can't stop crying and thinking dying is the only way to solve anything.  


Recently I've gotten into university against my own will because my parents believe that university is the only way I can get by in life and I believe it too, but it's been awful for me, I hate my classes and I don't like showing up there. I've been able to make a few friends which made me feel better but they've abandoned me and are only getting closer and closer as I watch them from afar every day. I don't really understand how it happened. Me and one friend in the group had a fight and I was wrong but was too stubborn to admit it, but aside from that, I don't really recall anything bad happening between us, but they've all just started being rude to me and distant, I reached out saying I didn't understand why it was happening and they all ignored me. I tried to reach out in DMs again and one person told me how toxic I was and that she felt like she was losing freedom, but I've never tried controlling her and I tried my best to be supportive, I reached out when she was very down with support, I shared very intimate parts of my life with them.  


I don't really know if I have been toxic or not. I was really aggressive back in the day, I had a troubled childhood, even though it's not an excuse, I just tried working on myself and I can't seem to be enough. I am falling behind classes and I can't get anything done. I feel terrible all the time but my parents won't let me drop out and I honestly don't see any other options. Every day I think about my friends but I feel like tehy just mock me in secret, I feel isolated by my peers and misunderstood by my family. I feel like the only way to escape is to die, that way life won't be difficult anymore. I question my sanity a lot these days and can't understand anything starting from studying materials to social interactions.  I don't know what to do