When your own parents can't be there for youMy parents are religious and homophobic. Whenever I sought therapy, they hit me with this religion bullshit and made me go talk to a priest (which never worked because he never took me seriously). That was before I told anyone about my suicidal thoughts. I just told my parents I'm not strong enough to make it through life when all I was thinking about was cutting my goddamn head off. 

I was living in my own corner, with my own suicidal tendencies and problems. I needed help, but I was scared to reach out to someone in my life. I was scared that I wouldn't be taken serious or they wouldn't care. Everyone has their own problems.

My coping mechanisms weren't so helpful either. I've been biting my nails since I was a little kid and I never stopped. I tried multiple times to get rid of this behaviour. I also have the urge to pull my own hair, whick results in uneven hair and pain.

It was last year when it got worse. I started smoking and drinking. When my parents found out I promised them I'll quit. It never happened. I'm a teenager.

And then I decided to tell my own mother about my tendencies.

Picture this: a girl, sitting on the dorm's bathroom floor, crying and telling her mom who's on the phone about all of her dark thoughts. The mother seems to be understanding, the girl feels relieved. Everything is fine. Therapy is next. 

But mom didn't listen to me when I begged not to tell anybody. She told the priest about it. I don't care if you trust him, secrets are secrets. When I went with my family to church he jokingly asked me if I'm a "suicide girl" and makes fun of me. That was the last time I saw him. I talked to my parents about this and somehow it was my fault that I didn't want to trust God's ways. The worst? I believed them. 

After my first therapy session - which consisted of me trying not to cry while talking about all the shit going on in my life - my parents blamed me for making them pay for *nothing*. They told me I had nothing, my mental health was okay, I am a teenager and I'm creating non-existing problems. Uhm.

Again, I believed them. And it became so much worser.

I wanna talk about it. I have no one to talk to. Everything started in middle school. I used to be the happy and cheerful kid, I used to feel worthy and loved, but bulling made me re-think my place. My self-esteem lowered so bad, I kept hiding myself from others and I had trust issues. Then I was sexually assaulted by my own neighbour for 2 years, which literally killed my mental health at that time. I told my parents at some point; they were devastated, but they never pressed charges. My molester's son was the mayor of the city.

I literally dragged myself through school. I got bullied, betrayed, maligned, I was never capable of friendship. In 8th grade I became closer to this friend of mine and we realized we were living the same nightmare. It felt so good to have him around me. We're still best friends and we spend a lot of time together, we reassure each other when we're stuck in life. I love you, A.

Can it be worser? Of course it can.

In highschool I came out as lesbian to myself. A was the only one who knew it (he was also gay). Him and my internet best friend (surprise, he's gay too) supported me more tha