Feels like nobody cares.So, I'm actually kind of turning my life around. Going to the gym 3x a week, practicing some guitar, studying instead of wasting my time 7/24 etc. The thing is, sometimes I feel like it's all pointless. I lose all my motivation for absolutely no reason at all. I have some past trauma and history of mental illness in my family, so it's likely I have some sort of mental ilness but I have no idea what I'm supposed to do... It just feels so completely pointless to exert myself and expend effort. 

Sure, I know I need to get a job etc etc but I feel like I can get some sort of mediocre job that lets me make enough to get by without any effort, but if I do that I'm afraid I'll regret that decision and I'll kill myself. All that would be actually alright if I felt like I had connections with other people but I feel distanced from my friends. It's not like I don't have friends, I just don't feel close at all to any of them and can't open up. A friend asked me just a few hours ago if I am depressed, and I said no. I even believed myself when I said no, but just a few hours later, I'm feeling depressed as fuck again. 

It's always the same cycle for me. Depression to elation to depression. Add in a dash of anxiety and you have my life there. I've been thinking of seeking help from a therapist, but I'm not sure that'll help. I just have no idea where I'm supposed to go in life. Most of my peers have goals and aspirations, but I'm just drifting along in the stream. And I'm getting even more left behind every single day.  

I honestly have no idea how I'm supposed to handle those mood swings of mine. I managed to acknowledge their existence, and I KNOW they will pass, but getting sapped of all positive feelings for a while sucks. It just feels unfair that I will always feel this way. 

Fucking hell, why am I even writing a goddamn post here? Nothing's gonna change with this post of mine, not like how I feel really matters. There might be a select few people who care about that, but I'm gonna eventually alienate them anyway.