Do you ever think about...?I think about what would happen if I was to commit suicide but at the same time, I don't want to make my family go through that when they have been so supportive. It would feel like I am letting them down but at the same time, I don't know where I am. I am so so lost. Like yeah killing myself which I a lot of the time I  want to do would be so easy and I could escape everything. But at the same time I don't want to bring that shame, attention, and like pray for this family or start a meal train for them out of pity/sympathy because I don't feel like I deserve it when I have fucked up everything around me and its all my fault. So why should my cowardice (killing myself) be rewarded??? I am so fucked up in the head and I don't know if I can ever get better because everything is so dark and I know how people talk about the light at the end of the tunnel and I am just over here like bitch where? I just started a journal today in hopes that I can write out some of my problems but at the same time it feels like every time I write something, I just have another thing to add. I'm so lost, down, and just overall hating myself at this point to where I can't help but cut every inch of my skin in sight even though I promised not too but it is so hard when I can't even communicate across how much certain things have affected me in life when it comes to my sexual assault where I don't even know what happened, and a week later having a complete switch to a totally happy carefree person for a night giving a homeless man \~300 pounds, fully believing that I am a daughter of Hades and that my father would bring hell upon anyone who opposed me, and standing/laying in the middle of the street because I can't die. That instance really scared me because mortality is real and I don't know what prompted me to have those/that set of ideals. I don't know I really am a lost girl at the moment and I just want my "normal" life back when I know nothing is impossible. like fuck it send me to a mental institution at this point I can't be trusted with my own body