My Friend Is In A Dark PlaceI'm sorry if this is the wrong place or whatever but its 3 am and I can't sleep cause I had another rough conversation with one of my best friends in this world this evening. He's like a brother to me and I love him so much. I almost lost him in January and I thought he was doing better, having him even say so. But he's just been dealt such a crap deal of cards. His family has consisted of just his dad whose put an immense amount of pressure on him to get a doctorate all his life and has mocked him/threatened him with disownment if he ever came out as gay, which my friend is and has known since he was a preteen. We're both in college now and he's on his own, living in his college town in a small house he's renting with friends but they don't live in the same state so he's got the house to himself now.

Two months ago he got what looked like a dream job that directly relates to his dream job that he's had for as long as I've had. Recently, he's felt like maybe that's not what he wants to do, but with paying for rent and college and other living expenses, it's been a dream come true in helping him out financially without draining him of his energy for 40+ hours a week like his old jobs. But a week ago, his boss came to him and told him he needed to improve in his job in the next two weeks or else they'd have to let him go. This afternoon his second boss came back from vacation and blatantly told his job was in jeopardy despite working his ass off and having a major discussion with his first boss. This sent him back to the lowest he's ever been he told me this evening, when he was forced to check into a hospital after two attempts of killing himself. I didn't know about the first attempt and only really found out he was in the hospital when he called me from it seeing if I could visit. Now, I'm on the other side, because he's told me that if he'd rather die than get fired. He said he'd quit before it happens but he has so much stress both mentally and financially on him that it's really not possible for him to go a couple of weeks of him looking for a new well-paying job, let alone one in his future career. I've tried telling him that just because this job took a risk hiring an inexperienced now sophomore in college it doesn't mean he can't still succeed and work in this field but I don't know what he took from our conversation. 

He promised he'd see how work went for the weekend and by Monday he'd make up his decision. I've really never heard him more serious than I did in that conversation and I know he's serious and that he has the things he needs to attempt again. I tried being there for him. telling him multiple times how much I love him and support any decision he makes, besides you know. I told him that if he did I wanted to know beforehand and he laughed and said you know you'd try and stop me and I agreed but I can't stop thinking about that. Like, of course, I would. because I don't think I could live with myself but I also don't want to miss the opportunity to say goodbye. He lives two hours away and I can't get away to visit him tomorrow but I'm just so scared for him and I just want him to be happy. 

I should mention he was prescribed medication for anxiety and depression after his stay in the hospital but about a month after he was released, so maybe around March, he threw them out saying he didn't think they helped as he felt better. Spring semester was rough for us both but we both stayed in touch and I know he started to struggle a bit but I didn't think I needed to tell him to take his medication. Maybe if I had he wouldn't be in this state now :/ 

I don't know what I'm asking for here but I just needed to get it off my chest, but anything helps.