Compulsive Thoughts of Self Harm. (Ramble/Vent)Suicidal ideation is essentially ingrained into my personhood, or in practical terms, sense of self. This has been the case for as long as I can remember, and is for a variety of factors, which I don't feel is entirely necessary to explain for the purpose of this post. That being the case, thoughts of self harm come and go as casually as the sun, but today I had quite the peculiar experience regarding these ideas. Such ideas are never quite what i'd consider to be compulsive. 

Given whatever miserable circumstances I'm forced into (and believe me, I am of the miserable sort regardless of circumstance), I would logically, as a cope, fantasize and mull over the possibilities of my death. I would as a whole, mildly enjoy these thoughts, and would not feel un-nerved or guilty for feeling them, as they would usually bring me a great comfort and serve to calm me down in whatever situation I was in. Compulsive thoughts, as I understand them, are characterized as being brief and unwelcomed. The opposite to my case. 

On my way to work (which I despise, and has caused a decline in physical and mental health, no doubt compounding this issue.) I began thinking of various ways in which I might commit suicide to subside several depressive thoughts I was having. As I arrived and began preparing for the day, my mind thus wandered to methods of self harm, when I was overwrought by an incessant, powerful urge to completely tear open my wrists. Among all the ways one could feasibly take their own life, this has always been the most unpleasant to me. Nevertheless I simply could not divert my mind onto anything else but this desire. My wrists began to burn, forcing me to scratch them every minute or so, I began feeling weak, nauseous and was profoundly upset, almost to the point of tears. I felt the sensation that my wrist were caked in dried blood, and needed to be scrubbed immediately. Frenzied and disoriented. These thought bombarded me for what felt to be around two hours, before dying down significantly in frequency. Though, throughout the day I would still feel compulsed to scratch my wrists, and feeling of caked blood would still be more or less constant, if only much more mild.

I can't remember a time in which this has happened before. Though I can feel myself begin to unravel, im not certain this would be indicative of a mental illness. I have my suspicions that if I brought these concerns to some professional, they'd consider them paltry and i'd gain no catharsis. What exactly should be my course of action here?