So I just went from Valedictorian to not graduating Senior YearSo of the most recent things to lead me to suicidal thoughts and probably the worst is that now I won't be graduating (on time at least). 

Long story short I took Dual Enrollment Classes (college classes) starting last year, and failed Freshman Comp I and Music Theory I each twice over three semesters. Even with my passing classes this brought my GPA down low enough to kick me out of the Dual Enrollment Program this year. 

I could go on about the stress of family and coming out and and the competitions my school was expecting me to win and anxiety and depression, but at this point it all doesn't matter. 

I can't dual enroll now and because I'm two English credits short (failing last year)  I won't be graduating with my class. I also have two failed classes on my college transcript before graduating high school. 

I also found out that I was Valedictorian before I started my dual enrollment classes, apparently just to rub this all in. 

This also pretty much guarantees I won't be getting into any college I wanted to, and I'll be the embarrassment of my class. 

And to make all matter worst, I was too scared to tell my family and I don't have friends I can really share this with, so now I'm sitting at a college campus pretending I have classes to go to. 

I've been just at a total loss at what to do, because I feel like I've let down everyone around me, and that all of my future ideas and plans have been taken down by a fucking English class. 

I've had suicidal thoughts before, but not like this. When I was working out I was gay I was having a lot of suicidal thoughts because of some homophobic family, but I never actually planned it out in any way. I've searched through my medicine cabinets for drugs to overdose on (none in the house that'd kill me sadly), and now I've found the different objects in the house I can choke and suffocate myself with. I know where I can hide for long enough that if I tried to choke myself to death they wouldn't find me in time,and one night I did start to see how it felt before going through with it. 

I'm just stuck at a point where I want to kill myself but am too scared to do it, I really don't see much value in myself, and I really don't know what else to do without disappointing everyone around me. 

So for any incoherence, I just wanted to be able to say this somewhere, and maybe get some help. I probably didn't explain this well, but I'll elaborate more I guess if people want.