I don't care and I should.I believe my problem lies in my lack of motivation it is not enough for me to just want good future. I couldn't care less about future "me". I have personally given up on trying. I am currently going to therapy for no real reason. My psychologists misdiagnosed me (I found out not too long ago) so that sucks too. Therapy is wo weird for me. I tell my therapists whatever problem or dilemma I've been facing atm or long term and she gives me/helps me think of an amazing solution, but as soon as I step out of her office I ignore and "forget" it (I use "forget" loosely because its always in the back of my head I just choose to turn away from it). At this point I believe I just don’t care about myself anymore. I'm only 15 (a sophomore), and I really shouldn't be having a problem like this at my age. I love academics I'm good at them. In fact amazing. All my tests scores (state tests and such) are perfect or nearly perfect, but I do absolutely no homework or even class work sometimes. I lie to my parents that I do, even now they think I'm doing homework, but really I am typing this.I got away with doing it for  4 years before getting caught at the end of freshman year (not doing hw that is) even now that they know they don’t really do anything they don't seem to care and neither do my teachers. I feel neglected. What used to be a 4.0 GPA is now 2.0. and it pains me (as contradictory as it may sound) to not care. Because I should care. I regret the past few years of not working hard or not trying at least, but as much as I do I don’t plan on changing. I sought help by my going to my school's psychologists which is how I ended up in therapy, but even that hasn’t helped. I don’t know what else I could possibly to do to change. I'm on the bring of mentally breaking apart and doing something drastic. With that most likely being attempting suicide. 
 
I apologize for any mistakes in my grammar or if I skipped words in the middle of my sentences like I tend to do, I wrote this in a rush and don't care to check for them.