I can't see the light in the tunnel anymore.I have never been appreciated. My father died when I was 1 year. I have only mother but she had to work so I have everyting, but not love. She beaten me many times. I wanted to be happy to have friends and I got in new school. But I never have been loved, I associate the words "I love you" with beating, pain, leaving, stabing in the back and etc. I've met a person one of the teachers and she liked me because I always smile and etc but then things happened my mistakes. I tried to change them and I had a friend that was with me and I changed some of the things only to realize that the person now has another student on my place, but she still was saying that she loves me and we talked but we fought because I said that I dont like the other student. Then my friend left me, and really nobody appreciated me and I stoped trying. I have won some competitions but nobody even said "Congratulations". And I feel so empty, it doesn't matter what I do nobody wants to stay with me or just look deep in to me and see the pain and the tears all they see is my fake smile and my humor. And I really need someone to tell me thath I am worth,  that what I do matters, one simple "Love you" not being followed by beating, betrayel and etc. I want someone to help me trough the process I tried I really tried and I wanted to be loved and appriciated so much. The other student was someone that wasnt respecting me but the teacher said to me: "I dont want you to like him, but I want you to respect him", I havent told her how he acts with me but anyways. I did a lot of things I helped people, animals (I used to find a friend in them and comfort) I tried to be a better person but it didn't matter evryone sees me the same as the person that is always happy, that does not need a help, love and kindness. I used to see light in the tunnel, I used to hope that everything will get better, that somewhere there is a person, whom I can trust and who will love me and will be with me when I try to change and become better, but as the time passes a started to lose everything I used to love informatics but there always was someone that was more special then me even if I won. Now I just lay in bed and cry myself to sleep. Fight with my mother and try to survive another day. But I cant do this anymore I want to be in peace already I waited 16 years and I never got anything, any warm feelings anything. There 's just nothing for me anymore just pain, sorrow, tears and my fake smile. I don't know how to keep going anymor neither I want. I know I can't do it alone, but there is also noone who can help me, so it is a dead end. I am too afraid to kill myself but I will just go and throw myself under the train and let it all happend noone will ever notice that I am gone.