24M No college, job hopped the last 6 years of my life and I am completely lost.I’m the definition of a loser and I deserve the label. From a young age I struggled with mental health issues.  I never developed any skills, hobbies, or passions. My mom was diagnosed with cancer when I was 8 and  watched her slowly die for 4 years. My teenage years were spent in and out of RTFs (Residential Treatment Facilities) and was shuffled from high school to high school and even spent a year in military school. I was a bully and a master manipulator. I did everything I could to push my family away and it worked.

My father worked as diligently as he could to provide me with opportunities to try and turn my life around and I’ll I did was bit the hand that fed me. I took drugs and even stopped so low to play the “choking game” and huffed inhalants. I have serious cognitive issues from said abuse and no doctor takes me seriously when I tell them I acquired brain damage from it. It always gets written off as delusions due to my Schizoaffective diagnosis.

A silver lining came when I was 18 when I enrolled in the Job Corps program after my third and final residential treatment program. I spent two years learning about the plumbing trade and almost graduated. That was until I got the boot for being drunk on campus. After that I moved in with my uncle who suffered serious brain damage after being involved in a serous auto wreck. He needed someone to watch over him and I was looking at being homeless after I got kicked out of JC, so it worked out for the both of us. I spent the last 4 years taking care of him and working low-level jobs with no real aspirations. I deliver for Amazon, when I’m not working I’m either smoking weed or gaming to distract myself from my depression. My uncle’s condition is getting worse. He was recently diagnosed with Parkinson’s and as a result will need more professional care. My family’s going to have to sell the house we live in and as a consequence I will be forced onto the streets.

I can no longer endure any suffering, I’ve suffered too much as a result of my own mistakes. I have not one person to blame but myself. I’m a wreck and always have been. This world is better off without me. This will probably be the last morning of my life. Good bye Reddit.