Today, I fucked up the laundry and thereby fucked up everything.And there's going to be absolutely no escape from it.

So for the past two or three months everything has been going pretty good, or at least relatively good. I mean I've been happier anyway, it's the idea of conquering some chemical imbalance? I'm the conquerer, it's me, the urge to impale myself at every little thing is null now and I'll be alright and my life is getting better.

Except it's not. I don't know why I'm a retard but I am, I was taking out the laundry and I didn't have a place to put it so I just put it on the floor on top of a towel temporarily because there was no more room but that makes me stupid and worthless and the worst child ever and I'm awful and it just sounds like everything getting repeated over and over again. She didn't try to hit me or anything so that's okay I guess, but I just feel like I should have been more careful because I should have realized she was coming downstairs instead of just blindly acting so fucking careless.

I don't know why I have to act out, but it just feels engrained in me by now that I'm too fucking useless to do much else. Part of me knows that's not true but it's just so overwhelming I don't know much else I could do. She stopped halfway through and gave me a chance to admit it and I didn't, I just tried to defend myself and I couldn't because I was wrong.

Now however well I was doing is just gone, there is none of that any more and there never will be. Even when I can leave she'll find a way to make me stay, and I can't leave now because I already fucked up that chance by asking for help last year. I called 911 and asked them to please take me under observation and hid in my room, and now the idea of leaving legally will never happen because I fucked up again that time.

I mean it's not like her being angry at me is constant, we have our good times so I guess it balances out, even if sometimes I'm sort of nervous during it. Even if I said yes when they asked me if abuse happens all that would happen is me getting shoved off somewhere and her to prison or something, or she would have to take classes and she would just end up right back again, or nothing at all would happen and I'd just be an attention seeker like I already am and she would just hate me more. 

Some people when they're driving at a busy freeway get some whisper to swerve to traffic, except for me the l'appel du vide is yelling and I just can't help but smile at the idea, y'know? It just seems really nice. It's not like anyone would buy any of this anyway.

Edit: at the time of posting I had been writing this for 40 or so minutes (it takes me a while to think like this) and she just asked if I would like to go grocery shopping with her and said she was sorry I don't know about anything I just yelled stop.