My family thinks I am a genius. I am not.UPDATE: reddit saved my life tonight.

This is much longer than anyone will want to read, so I've included a concise summary at the end.

I floated through the grades up until middle school, at which point I designed a web site, eventually receiving more than 2000 unique hits per day, making me a fair amount of money in advertisements. This was in 8th grade. The honest truth is I was lucky. The site's topic happened to be extremely popular at the time amongst my age group and once it had spread to most of the people in my school it jumped to other schools in the district and elsewhere.

My family then began to think I was a genius, a prodigy of sorts, destined to bring the family's name into greatness. Hah. The truth is, I was lucky and determined. The site closed because I was careless and uncommitted in the long-term. 

I have not done anything publicly great since. During ninth grade I took a heartened interest in girls which brought on a bout of extreme self-contentiousness. My grades fell. This caused my alcoholic mother (seriously, she drank almost obsessively) to rage at my untapped potential. I began using drugs as a form of escapism. Nothing too extreme until 11th grade when I began experimenting with a certain class of drugs. I experience extreme ego death almost every time I use these. I swear I can almost feel the thin strings attaching me to the rest of the world snapping each time I take them. I believe that I'd be worth the most to the world in anonymous manipulation or self-sacrifice.

In highschool I would often create fake screen names or accounts on social networking sites and manipulate people at the school into a common cause, such as hating an anonymous school trash-talker, talking to a "collegiate intellectual" or, of course, rallying against the "hackers" that hacked my website. At school, I would partake in the groupthink occurring joyously. 

My senior year my mom forced me into independent study because my grades were suffering - a 2.8; I never did any of my homework. In independent study I immediately found a loophole in their simply-designed online system of grading and never had to do any school work that year. This lead to more experimentation with drugs, missing out on graduating with my friends and me graduating with a 3.2.

I have great friends - amazing friends, honestly. Most have offered me a place to live any time I need it, and they fucking mean it. But I can't handle living with someone I'm close to. I never have, I'm mainly just afraid of what they think of me or what they'll think of me if something goes wrong. I have self-diagnosed a problem with self worth. I never contact anyone very much, preferring to hope they contact me. It's almost me being shy... almost. I'd just prefer to be anonymous in most of my actions if I could. Luckily, my friends valued me enough to call me regularly and get me out of the house, expressing general interest in my welfare. 

My mom has almost taken the role of the child in our relationship since I hit puberty. Most of my family has told me this and were the ones who put this thought in my head originally. She never grew up, honestly. She's an amazing artist, lead an amazing life, and faked being an adult while I was young. She just couldn't keep it up when I began to grow up as well. She would kick me out regularly after our extreme fights and I would spend the night at the beach or one of the schools close to my house. Eventually I started living at a friend's house for weeks at a time, but this proved to be abusive in itself, for I felt that I was using that friend, having little to offer to him in return other than my friendship. So when my mom kicked me out in a drunken rage two summers ago, I left for my uncle's house in Utah. 

I used to live in the central coast of California, and now I live in the snowy desert. The weather here is almost unbearably depressing in the winter, my mood mirrors it almost perfectly. I've been here for a year now, and I have made no friends, though I've had a few opportunities. I don't have the will to make connections to a place I dislike. On the rare occasion that I've made a connection with someone or had the opportunity to, they were with people that I would not normally associate with. I can see myself judging these people, but they show no inspiration or insight in their lives, and it hurts being around them. These relationships falter after a week, usually sooner, and I never see them again. I realize that when around them, I also show no interest or insight, and if I met me here, I wouldn't want to be friends with me. This only makes matters worse. 

My uncle is providing me with modest employment, though its usually performing meaningless tasks for his business. He has offered to me, on many occasions, capital for a business of my own. This business would almost certainly involve a web site as its foundation, and honestly, I don't know where I'd fucking begin. The internet seems to be fully explored, now; it's difficult to think of an original site and gaining traction online is a daunting task that I honestly don't want to deal with. Getting a 'normal' job is frowned upon by my family, especially my grandparents, and when I bring up such things, they chide me. 

When I talk with my family, they treat me as a dictionary, pointing questions at me, assuming I will know. It's insulting. I've began saying 'I don't know' to everything they ask me, in hopes that it will dissuade them from asking any more.

My friends expect me to return to california soon. I just keep telling them "next semester, for sure." I never manage to work enough or save enough to move back. When you have no friends, no one close enough to touch, to see, you start to break down. You stop doing basic things like sleeping or going to work.

I put off sleeping for 60 hours once, just because I didn't really care about sleeping and had nothing to do. I then slept for 25 hours. I stay awake for 30 hours or more on a weekly basis for no reason at all. I abuse sleeping pills to the point of extreme hallucination. I have done some extremely stupid, dangerous things under the influence of certain  substances here in Utah.

I realize that I have a lot, such as an uncle willing to support my endeavors. I just don't have the will to endeavor, and it hurts even thinking about it. I've recently stopped going to work. I enrolled in classes at the community college here, but I rarely attend because two of my three teachers are literally reading the book as they teach the class and one asks me to explain simple things to them. It's depressing. They both announced that they had been hired to teach this class days before the semester started and were barely qualified to do so. The class is full of middle-aged "my job needs this so I'm going to take this class and fill that roll" types. I often fake going to class and go the library instead.

I've taken to drinking and I've been smoking a lot since I got here. I stopped brushing my teeth properly and have no medical insurance. My teeth are rotted and I believe two of my molars will fall out.

That was all just background. Here's the meat:
TL;DR

My family expects more from me than I feel I can give. I have been alone now for 1 year. I do not go out, I do not talk to anyone save for an occasional online chat or phone call with old friends. I wake up late, fake attending classes, put off going to my fake job and I drink nightly to the point of blacking out. I'm not making money, nor do I have the will to get a better job to make money. The snow here makes me want to die and I am incapable, so it would seem, of escape. I've been cutting my right wrist deeper and deeper every week or so. I have a wrist band, so no one notices. No one touches me, so it never moves, so no one notices.

I'm thinking of making it final soon. I have no date planned or anything, but at some point this has to stop. Where does one find drive when you're already assumed to be better than you are?


