I Ruin Everything In My LifeIm 21 years old guy and in life I haven't been able to catch a break. I grew up with an alcoholic and destructive father, bullying and outcasting within school, 4 years of abuse by a psychopath. To top it all off psychotic depression and a diagnosis of ADHD and ASD (though im being reassesd for ASD)
My life was finally starting to look up. I ended it with one girl who was after the abusive one for another and the woman who was with me now was the most beautiful and loving woman you've ever seen. She was beautiful in every way, mind heart and spirit and what do I do ? I fuck it up. I cheat. I lie. I lie so much I forget the truth and my mind creates false memories. All i wanted to do was treat her right and love her but I did the opposite. I can't control myself and no one understands i dont want to be the way I am, people say its a choice but my wrongs have not been a choice, I have no self control, it feels as though someone else is controlling me. Ive turned into those bullies I hated, I've turned into the asshole that targets people, I've turned into the cheat I never wanted to be and now I've lost the woman I truly deeply love. Ive lost feeling, I've lost my empathy, I've lost so much care for people within me and inside me feels like a husk and all I want to do is end my life. I cant take being this person anymore. I'm trapped in the mind and body of someone I don't want to be and ive lost it all. Job, friends and loved ones and all I wish to do now is end it all because im tired of trying again only to create the same mistakes and if my precious little sapphire sees this I want you to know that I don't blame you for this, I don't blame you for hating me, I don't blame you for not believing I didn't want to do this and feel so out of control. I truly loved you. More than I think I'll ever love anyone and I ruined it all and I hate myself because of it all, you deserved so much more. I just want to be better. I just want to be able to love and be loved like everyone else but I cant. 