This is my storyi'll start it on April 29nth. I woke up an hour earlier than my alarm and knew exactly what i was going to do. I went to my bathroom and took a pill of phenegram which is a powerful anti nausea medication. after waiting a half hour for the pill to kick in i walked across the street to the 7-11. I remember thinking how it felt like i was watching myself in a movie and i couldnt control the outcome of the day. I went straight to the medicine aisle and found the bottle with the highest amount of acetaminophen. $5.93 to kill myself. I started walking to my work, taking the pills 2 and 3 at a time to avoid vomiting. Someone was waiting for the bus and gave a very strange and cocnerned look. I wanted to scream to them for help but I didn't. After finishing the bottle I immediatley regretted my decision but felt that I had gone too far to turn back now. I arrived at work an hour before i needed to and waited out front for my co worker to arrive. I was hoping to pass out in front but the pills hadn't taken effect by the time she arrived. I set her on a task and locked myself in the office. I began to feel very tired and my logic kicked in. what the fuck was i doing? i tried to make myself throw up but the phenegram was doing its job effectively. I panicked and called 911 explained the situation. EMT's were at the store in what seemed like 20 seconds. They gave me charcoal to make me vomit but it wasn't working so they gave me more. 3 bottles later i finally threw up a harsh black chalky substance. it was extremely painful. I was taken to the ER where i waited in the hallway for 16 hours throwing up non stop and regretting every decision i had ever made to bring me here. the nurses practically ignored me brushing me off as some crazy person because i was in a gown that indicated i had mental health issues and may be a flight risk. After what seemed like an eternity i was finally transfered to ICU where they plugged all kinds of wires and tubes into me to check my vitals. my blood pressure was 220 over 170 which is close to a heart attack. because the benadryl in the Tylenol i couldn't sleep for over 48 hours. after a day in ICU i was transferred to the hospital rooms where the nurses again disregarded any complaints of pain and discomfort from not being able to sleep. they seemed to think that i was a waste of space because i had intentionally harmed myself and there were people who were actually sick who needed their attention. I was told i would be placed on a 72 hour legal hold to determine if i was mentally stable enough to return home. I didn't want to call my family and tell them because i was embarrassed but i knew they wouldn't release me if i was alone. i called my sister who told me she had to tell my parents. I felt as small as an ant worried that i would only cause stress in their lives. because of the heart problems i was held in the hospital for 6 days before i had a psyche consultation. This doctor was the one who would decide if the legal hold would be removed or not. He saw me for about 30 seconds and then left giving me no answer to whether or not i could go home. by this time my entire family had stopped their lives to fly into town and make sure i was OK. at first this made me feel much worse that i had become a burden on them. Everyone was confused as to why i was not being released and the nurses didn't have any answers. the next day i was told i would be transferred to a mental health facility. I am not crazy and have never had this problem before. I wasn't having any suicidal thoughts since i called the ambulance so you can imagine my frustration in being told that i needed to go to a loony bin by a doctor who knew nothing about me and only spoke with me for a few brief sentences. The first night in there i didn't sleep at all my roommate laughed uncontrollably for 3 hours before finally falling asleep and snoring heavily. the person in the next room was talking loudly about having a gun and bribing army generals to let him out. I was scared. I felt like i was in prison. the next day something changed. i decided if i was going to be stuck in there i might as well use the time to my advantage and seriously work on my problem. It was difficult for me to admit i have a problem but it honestly isn't normal to have thoughts of suicide on a daily basis. I attended every group therapy session and honestly told the counselors how i was feeling. I made up my mind to socialize with anyone and everyone in there and try my hardest not to over analyze and seclude myself while i was in there. also i think by this time the antidepressants had taken effect and the anti anxiety was doing its job well. my second night in there i slept well from the ambien they had given me. my first real nights sleep in over a week. Then the next morning something happened that i honestly believed never would happen again, i felt happy. It was strange at first but extremely comforting afterwards. 2 more days in there and alot of counseling and they finally released me to my mother. I was a heavy marijuana user before i went in so i immediately wanted to smoke when i got out. I got a sack and went to my sisters house with my mom i told them i was going upstairs to smoke and i did. instead of feeling content from being high immediately my heart started racing a thousand miles an hour. i felt secluded again even in the company of my family. the suicidal thoughts returned very quickly. my sister was about to leave for work and my mom was going to go for a walk. they were leaving me alone and they didn't know how i was feeling. I wanted to tell my mom to take me back to the hospital but instead i opted to go on the walk with her, which was a very good decision. Before we left i threw the weed away deciding never to smoke again. this was all just a few days ago and i can honestly say that feel much better now but still have random thoughts of suicide that i sometimes cant shake out. I know i have a long road to recovery and I will be seeking medical help from counselors as an out patient. I have decided to stick with the medicines for now and move back home with my mom. every day is a roller coaster right now but i know i will get myself back at the end of the ride. To anyone who read this and is feeling how I was feeling PLEASE take my advice and check yourself into a hospital before you get to the point i did. Mental health institutions can be extremely beneficial if you keep and open mind and realize that there are people in there who are just like you in the same exact situation. I know just as much as anybody how difficult it can be to reach out to someone about this topic but believe me it is much easier to make the phone call that you are feeling suicidal then to make the call that you are in the hospital because you tried to kill yourself. Please seek help and keep an open mind in treatment.