there is no point in my existence&amp;#x200B;

I am tired of being all alone. All of my friends have all had multiple relationships by now, but I haven't even had a single person be interested in me and I am certain no one ever will be. I think relationships are a unique type of love because that person had no affiliation with you, but at some point decided that you were worth it. I just want to be in one relationship just to prove to myself that I worth someone's love, but I know that I am not and I will never feel that validation.

The problem is that I absolutely hate talking to people, but equally hate being all alone. If I could actually talk to people then maybe, but there is no way I could talk to random people. I even hate to talk to my friends for some reason, which results in me pretty much missing out on what is supposed to be the best years of my life.

I can't even imagine being in a relationship because it makes me feel bad. Every time I have a crush on someone, I realize that I would be wasting their time if they actually did like me back. I am so objectively inferior to them that it isn't even funny. They could do so much better than me and I know that the only way someone could ever be interested in me would be if they settled. If they settled for me, it would make me sad because I actually care about them and I know I would be wasting their life if they settled for me when they could do better.

I understand that there is more to life than relationships, but its hard when you are a failure in every aspect. I originally wanted to become an electrical engineer, but after taking calculus and ap chem I have realized that I am just objectively not smart enough to do it. Everyone else gets it but I just sit in the back of the class just doing nothing. My friends try to explain it to me but I just can't do it. So now that I know the only thing I even slightly wanted to do is impossible, I don't know what to do.

There isn't really anything I want to do with my life. I am afraid of growing up and going to college just to continue being all alone. I just want some kind of purpose, but I know that I won't find it. I think people find purpose in relationships or dreams, and I don't have either. There are so many problems with me, some that can't be fixed, that I will never be get to be happy. I think that some people just were not made to exist, and that I am one of those people because I have no talents.

To top it all off, I had a really pathetic dream where a girl just held my arm lmao. It made me really happy because I've never experienced it. This story made me realize how useless my existence is if I get excited because a girl in my dreams held my arm. Like damn, that is just pathetic. I don't want to exist anymore if this is all there is to it and I am ready to die.