JESUS CAN HELP YOU I PROMISE!!!As a kid, I used to love playing video games and my passion and the fun i got out of them just went away more and more until i felt nothing. It was just an escape for me and i had stayed my visit. I felt like the weight of the world was on my shoulders and like i would never be enough for my family. After moving away from all of my friends i started getting more and more depressed. I beat myself and cut and when i couldnt cut at school i would use a rubber band to snap at my wrists in the bathroom. I had no idea where my life was going or what i was supposed to do to get out of this. I was so depressed i couldnt even get out of bed. So, one day i was scrolling through YouTube and saw a video about this guy talking about Jesus to people on the street and what He could do for them and how He could tranform their lives and i said to myself mehhhh idk man thats just silly. I couldn't admit to myself at that point but i actually loved the pain. It was like it felt good to be depressed, like it was the one thing i could own and it was mine. But i got to watching more and more videos and one day i said what the heck, ill ya a try God. Since then God has changed my life day by day and Hes given me back my childlike excitement and enjoyment of life. He took away my depression and i literally feel like a person. You might not believe He can do those things, and thats okay, but im asking you to just take a chance like i did. I promise you Jesus will transform your life. But, why? Why would He do that? Because, He loves you. He loves you so, so much He died for you on cross so you could be forgiven and wouldnt have to feel that way and you could have a relationship with God. All you have to do to recieve Jesus is confess your sins, turn from them, and ask God to come into your life. And maybe you don't believe in God, but please at least take a chance on Him. Ask Him to reveal himself to you in your life and show you some sign or feeling that He is there and if you believe He will do so I promise you He will God is a good God and He loves you very very much! If you want to ask God for forgiveness and healing please say these prayers and even if you don't believe in God or it feels silly please give God a chance! Just fold your hands, bow your head and say these words: 

Prayer for forigveness - Dear Lord, I admit that I am a sinner. I have done many things that don’t please you. I have lived my life for myself only. I am sorry, and I repent. I ask you to forgive me. I believe that you died on the cross for me, to save me. You did what I could not do for myself. I come to you now and ask you to take control of my life; I give it to you. From this day forward, help me to live every day for you and in a way that pleases you. I love you, Lord, and I thank you that I will spend all eternity with
you. Amen.

Prayer for God to give you peace - Heavenly Father, I am in need of Your strength right now. It’s a very tough time for me, and I don’t know if I could go on any further. Problem after problem is attacking me from all directions. I can no longer depend on my own power to overcome these challenges. They have become too much for me. Which is why I’m coming to You today. Father God, I trust that You are in control of my life at all times. Calm my heart, God, and keep it away from the spirit of fear and anxiety. You are the only one who can comfort me now. Surround me with Your peace that surpasses all understanding. Raise me up in Your victorious right hand. Walk with me through these challenges that I am going through. Grant me Your strength, God, that I may not give up even if the going gets tough. Help me, God, to focus on You and not on my problems. I know that You, God, are bigger than all of those problems combined. If I put my trust in You, I will never be disappointed. If I wait on You, I will never grow weary. Enable me, God, to have patience and to fully depend on You for strength, that I may soar on wings like eagles. And now, God, I surrender to you my heavy burdens: the challenges, the problems, the obstacles in my life right now. Take them, God, and carry them. Whenever You are with me, I know that I don’t have to bear the load alone. Likewise, I surrender the outcomes of my challenges to You, Father. Only You are in control of what will happen next. As I face those giants, help me to make the right decisions. Grant me peace of mind too as I leave the results up to You. As each problem is solved and each obstacle is hurdled, grant me rest, Father God. Allow me to recover after these tough days. Enable me to enjoy Your presence afterwards, as well as the presence of the people I am within this journey called life. All these I ask in Your Name, Amen.

I pray that you will find God and He will change your life like He did mine. Never forget what He did for you and how much HE LOVES YOU!!❤🙏✝️