I'm giving my life 3 more weeksF20. I have started feeling bad (not saying depressed coz no official diagnosis) about five years ago now. I have been fighting this, mostly on my own, because my father was always strictly against psychologists, he believes that they only leech money from people and all you need to know you already know, so you should just be strong, and learn your emotions, etc.

I did my best, sometimes successfully. I started and quit smoking and drinking, and I even had maybe like half a year of happiness or just something that felt close to it. I thought I did it, I thought I finally won, but then disappointments hit one by one, and then 2020 happened. I fucked up my university studies and, because of that, I also fucked up the relationship with my father. That was followed by the biggest disappointment in my life - but little did I know, another, bigger disappointment was just around the corner. And this week the third, fucking massive disappointment happened, and it finally broke me. 

Now I see no point in trying anymore, because no matter how hard I tried to get better, I still end up here. I see no hope in future. The only reason why I would want to live is my boyfriend, and he's 3.5 thousand km away from me, and because of covid we probably won't see each other again for I don't even know how many months or even years, and it has been more than 9 months since I saw him last time. I miss him so much that it hurts when I'm not talking to him, and it hurts when I am talking to him, it hurts whenever he says he loves me and it hurts when he doesn't. 

I'm giving my life 3 weeks, until 11 of October. That day will mark exactly 10 months since we have seen each other. If I don't get a ray of hope by then, or fucking whatever that would help me, or make want to keep living - I'm going to do it. I have everything planned, the place, the method, the note. So now it's just that. Three weeks and I'm gone, after five years of suicidal thoughts. It has been a long fight.