Feeling like giving upI grew up in a pretty constantly abusive family both verbally and physically. Being the smallest, youngest and only female child made me an incredibly easy target for anger and frustrations. I have been physically abused by everyone I have been close to or who has told me they love me on a regular basis. When I was young it was mostly my father and at that point I had my mother to turn to. We had a common enemy and even now she claims she feels guilty for not leaving him sooner, for letting him do the things he did to us so she was always willing to provide comfort.

When I was around 11 or 12 my parents divorced and I started seeing my father progressively less. I still had the occasional run in with him but my mother took him to court and recieved custody, I had to speak to a judge and they let me make the decision basically. I also began cutting myself around this time, with the stress of the custody situation and the abuse it was a really good release. I've thought about just ending it plenty over the years but have never been successful.

I have two older brothers (one of which who decided to stop seeing my dad as well) who are 2 and 4 years older than me. I didn't realize until I was living with my mom full time but my brothers had picked up a lot of my dads habits. My oldest brother has had a pretty big problem with drinking in the past, as my father did and they are both pretty angry violent people.

I can't count the amount of times that I've ended up in the hospital after being physically abused, and cutting myself. They would hurt me and then call the police or an ambulance after realizing what I had done and nothing would be said about the events leading up to it. They'd basically lie right in front of me and I couldn't say a word because the police were being called on me so I was automatically in a negative light; nothing I said meant anything.

At this point I dropped out of school. Getting away from my father was such a big deal for me, I thought it'd be this fresh start and that things would be better. Once I realized that it was just going to be the same with my brothers I pretty much just gave up and dug my heels in.

My mother wasn't (and really still isn't) very comforting anymore. Once a few years passed and I tried a little harder to stand up for myself I started calling the police on them, or trying to. My brothers would literally turn off all the power in the house and take the batteries out of phones so I couldn't call anyone. My mother would threaten to lie to the police and have me taken away instead because she didn't want one of them going to jail. She kicked me out on numerous occasions in this situation and I'd have to go back to my dads.

I met a guy at 15 and because all of this stuff was still going on at home I was kicked out eventually and ended up living with him for about a year and a half combining all the stray months. He was an ok guy until he had to be around me constantly and he ended up being abusive as well. I can honestly say I've never actually been afraid that my brothers or my dad would do any lasting physical damage, and I believe this boyfriend was the only person who has ever made me fear for my life. We dated for 3 years total mostly because I felt I had no other options, no other places to go. I still hadn't gone back to school full time though I had managed to finish grade 8 through an alternate program. In this period I lost contact with anyone I ever really considered a friend and I'm not 100% sure why.

In order to deal with all of this I was still cutting but also became addicted to an online video game. I don't believe I am genuinelly addicted to the game but more so the people. I somehow feel connected to these people that are thousands of miles away from me, more connected than I have to anyone I've ever actually met. It's nice knowing there is someone out there who cares but I know that it's not healthy.
I am now 19, have never had a job, still live at home, have yet to finish highschool though I am working on my last year currently, have no friends, do basically nothing with my time, and I am afraid of basically everything in the world around me. My mother and the one brother I still live with make a point of telling me I am useless and going nowhere on a regular basis. I know that I am a burden to them, and it definitely hurts. I've learned to kind of stay out of their way, I don't talk to my brother at all.

I have latched onto a guy who lives in a different country for support and I honestly feel that I love him as messed up as that is. We text and talk frequently but I'm starting to feel like I'm a burden to him too.
Last night I realized that I'm honestly past the point of feeling sorry for myself. I feel sorry for the people around me, pretty much anyone that I've come in contact with. Everyone has either had to deal with me being completely useless or just being an emotional wreck and I don't see why anyone would find getting close to me worthwhile. I'm at the point where when I look at the world without me it looks 100% better than it does with me. My parents wouldn't have to worry about their child who is completely fucking lost and has no idea how to pick things back up. The people I talk to wouldn't have to deal with my constant bad moods and neediness. I just see everyone being so much happier without me and that scares me.

I'm not completely sure why I wanted to write this but I think I just want to have my feelings recorded somewhere and I know I probably sound whiney and immature but I just needed to let it all out.

Edit: Sorry for the length