It’ll never be over until I make it be overThere is no reason for me to live. The only things that are keeping me alive is that I don’t want to upset my mom and grandma and that I want to see the Disney princesses meet in Wreck It Ralph 2, which is pretty pathetic and tells you my life isn’t very important. I’ve given up on my artistic dreams, depression has taken all passion and creativity away, anxiety and OCD makes me unable to cope with being seen and judge by a lot of people which is what happens when you achieve your artistic goals. Cliche, but even if I did achieve then I’d probably just end up like Sylvia Plath and Anne Sexton. This goal was the only thing that kept me alive for my whole life and it’s gone now, I don’t even know who I am now. I can’t see a future where I can support myself, be happy, independent, find love. I hate myself. I’m anxious if the future and can’t bear it. I don’t want to be a lesbian or whatever I am. I just want to be a normal girl it’s not fair. I feel like a freak. I can’t get rid of my traumatic memories of incestous childhood sexual abuse and disgusting sexual experimentation as a teen from hypersexuality. It messed me up too badly psychologically. I have OCD, thinking about all these things will NEVER go away. I will never stop feeling like a horrible person. I can’t look at anyone without knowing they’d hate me if they knew everything about my life. I feel like everyone is looking at me, can read my mind, that my secrets will all be released. I’m scared that one day I’ll go truly crazy and end up in jail and publically humiliated even though I have no desire to do any harm to anyone, but I have that irrational fear anyway. I don’t want to end up the crazy person who lives with her family her entire life. I am also scared of everyone betraying me, abandoning me, turning out to be dangerous people. I’ve driven most of my friends away and they despise me. I feel like a burden to the remaining friends. I haven’t signed up for classes in my last semester of college because I can’t bear the idea of going back to school. I can’t keep putting on the act of a well-adjusted, fashionable, nice girl with talent, the problemless good girl. Everything likable about me is external. I can’t do it anymore. I hate myself. I deserve to die. It’s the only thing to spare a life of misery, regret, paranoia, and being a burden. I’ve been to outpatient group therapy, hospitalization, one on one therapy, called and chatted on suicide and RAINN hotlines, trying to help others on this sub. I’m done. Nothing works. I’ll feel better for a few hours and then it’ll start up again. It’s been like this since January.  It’s hopeless. Some people are hopeless cases, that’s the truth. I’m sorry. I’m just one random person, I don’t matter. It’s easy to tell someone it gets better when you aren’t in their shoes. I just hope that God still loves me and I go to heaven and forget about my regrets and worries. Maybe there none of this will matter. 