NoteTo my family and friends: I wholly realize that this letter will never fully answer the questions now longed to be asked, nor will it quell the anger and contempt for my cowardice. Let's not pretend that any string of language or syllables could possibly offer a just explanation to an ending so abrupt. So, I am sorry for that, amongst many other things. Despite my decision, please know that I love each of you so much and that the beauty of love truly is that it can be lost so easily. I am, strangely content in my heart with the beautiful relationships I have had if only for a short period, and my only wish is that I could have done more for each of you. 
Bobby: Please do not believe that I have forsaken you, I have not.  My love for you neither intersects nor overlaps the intense feelings with which I have been wrestling and you are not responsible for them. I would never wish for you to be. Do not think that there was more for you to do, more that you could've done to prevent this atrocity. Know that I did not take this decision lightly, but it has been carefully calculated and you did not fit into the final equation. I mean that in the most loving way. I want you to live your life happily without me, knowing that one day we will be reunited by entropy. I don't know what more could be said other than I love you and I'm so very sorry I had to bring you into this so alone.
Joshua:What could I say to you to make this all okay?  I am sorry for what I have done, but please realize in my eyes that this was my final option, a last resort, and that I never meant to harm any of you.  I have been avoiding that for so long.  Everyone will say that there could have been a better way, but I don't believe them.  Simply put, I evaluated my options, weighed almost mathematically the pros and cons, and this is the conclusion I have come to. I am sorry that today you lost a sister and a friend. I wish I had more time to get to know you and realize that I deeply admire the bond that we share. I will, after all, always be your sister. The only thing I can ask for you now is to be optimistic about the future, learning from my mistakes. No one said it is going to be easy, but please just try for me.  And I know you are angry and confused and you have every right to be, but know that I love and have always loved my baby brother and there is nothing anyone can do to change that.
Mom and Dad: Not only did you give me the gift of life, but you have given everything in this life, and for that I am eternally grateful.  Please take care of Josh during this time, and take care of yourselves as well. Please know that your support for me during these times was unwavering and I appreciate the solid ground you allowed me to stand on. Know that I'm truly sorry for I can't imagine, can not pretend to imagine, what it is like to lose a child, all I know is this hurt inside of me that I have experienced myself.
I love you forever,