I can't pretend to be okay anymore.Hey guys, I hope I'm not being too much of a burden by posting what is probably going to be a wall of incoherent blather. I just really need to get this out. Maybe get some advice from you guys. That'd be cool. 

So I guess I should start with an introduction. I'm the son of a Southern Baptist pastor (though he's really cool, and often gets in trouble with his churches for his liberal views), I was born in a small town in North Carolina, but grew up in a small town just outside of Boston. 9 years ago, the family (all 7 of us) moved back down to NC, to a suburban "paradise" outside of Raleigh. That is where I currently reside. I was homeschooled until I was 15, which certainly put a damper on my social skills. Never became one of the cool kids, even in the groups I hung out in. Hell, I wasn't even cool when I was homeschooled -- being the second youngest isn't exactly great when your influence is dictated by age. But, other than being an awkward ex-homeschooler, life was okay. I was smart, I had friends, I had hobbies, and I had aspirations. I wanted to be an actor.

Senior year, I get a girlfriend. Fantastic girl (or so I thought) who I get really invested in, and "mature" my plans for the future to include her and a way to provide for her. However, she breaks up with me in front of the school, leaving me a heart broken wreck to be mocked by immature assholes. I still flush with embarrassment from that memory. Somehow, I manage to keep up my grades, and graduate with honors. Even so, my plans for the future are torn to shreds. Instead of going to a four year university, I end up going to community college. Instead of going to school with all of the smart, funny, and interesting people I grew to love in HS, I end up with all the ghetto assholes who made me feel like shit for being white and nerdy.

Anyway, as I said before, I invested a lot into that relationship. It ripped me apart when she broke up with me. I slide into a depression, as is probably normal for people grieving over a lost relationship, but it doesn't go away. It fucking evolves. It changes from thoughts of her to thoughts of how I fucked up my life to all these other thoughts, like branches shooting off a tree.

So, here I am now, over a year after my affliction. I used to be a grade-a student. Top marks, always on time, energetic, intellectual, friendly, happy. Now I am a shell of what I was. I am consistently late to everything, forgetful of even the most simple things, apathetic, absent-minded, failing my classes, reclusive, and near suicidal. The only thing keeping me from killing myself is my family. I can't bear the thought of disappointing anyone, especially my family. On top of that, my family isn't very well off, and dying is too damn expensive. I just can't find the energy to do anything anymore. I can't do school, I can't look for a job, I can hardly watch movies on Netflix anymore. I can't afford professional help, even though I know I'm at the point where help is my best shot at recovery, but I don't have time to work to pay for it, and I can't ask my family for the money. I can't even talk to my family about my feelings because I'm afraid they'd tell me to "buck up" or they'd judge me. I just don't know what to do other than sit in front of my computer and do nothing until I get kicked onto the street and die cold and alone.

Again, sorry for burdening you with walls of text. Thanks for reading it, if you did, and sorry for not being original or intelligent enough to come up with a witty TL;DR. If you have any advice, I'd be glad to here it. Thanks.

EDIT 1: I'd like to thank everyone who commented, upvoted, and PM'd. Thank you all so much for your support!