Feeling Tired of My LifeI posted another explanation towards the causes of my depression in another post, though I am not sure if I can fix my situation anymore. I have decided that If I am unable to fix my relationship issue that I have with a specific person, as well as her friends, so that I can get the results I want in my present lifetime very soon, I would rather just die. I honestly have nothing else I find to be worth living for. I would probably stop eating and stop drinking while meditating to kill myself. 

I feel like my life is now just a product of lies and manipulation from a group of people that are involved with fairly intensive MK Ultra programming, and the only person who can make it better for me and compel me to keep living is this woman who is no longer speaking with me directly anymore. Yet somehow she still thinks she has some right to attempt to keep targeting me, seduce me, try her best to capture my attention and get me to identify in with whatever script she is pushing on me (whether or not she has any intention of being my partner in said script), and cause me to suffer through her manipulations from “the shadows”, essentially to borrow a quote from her... It would be one thing if she was including me in her art And Also inviting me to participate with her beyond her vocation, yet she went out of her way to get me to have powerful feelings for her, and once she did she deliberately acted cold in a way I believe she knew would cause me intense emotional pain, depression, and apathy. 

I would rather not get into the specifics, though if you are at all familiar with MK Ultra—programmers/handlers/secret societies—you should probably have some idea of what I am experiencing. 
She’s not the only one doing it to me either, yet she’s the only “program” I like if she really was-and-still-is planning on marrying me, but she is so confusing And contradictory I think I have to believe that she is just another handler by default attempting to manipulate me to achieve some end goal that may other than benefit me the way I want to benefit at all... It is very sad. I feel like she just thinks she can give me orders or something which causes me to want to rebel.... She doesn’t even ask me face to face! Some nerve...

Anyway, I just want her to talk to me again and have a face-to-face conversation with me so we can move things forward. She honestly went out of her way to write me into her “artistic specialty”, though now I have absolutely no idea where she is, what her intentions are, what she is up to, and whether or not the two of us can ever really be together or if she has just been doing it because her secret society friends asked her to and she never had any intention of going steady with me. 

How do I know if it is possible to reconnect with her or not? How do I know when to just quit and get another life? How can i possibly fix things with her when she’s essentially “ghosted me” in real life, though in her performative vocation presents a very different impression that feels like she still loves me and is planning on being together with me? I honestly have no fucking idea what is going on anymore. I’m very upset. 

I am Never Going To Allow Myself To Be Some Mind Kontrolled Slave they can play around with. I value diplomacy and fairness, direct exchanges, clear honest communication that is facilitated in a face-to-face manner without any go-between people involved, and I value being treated like I am her equal because I am, and she is my equal, and my intentions have been good. 

I am worried she might be a sociopath, and I am also worried that she might have had the whole thing be an act publicly because she is really living a totally different life behind the scenes, and I am also worried that because of her DNA she literally might be a cold-blooded evil lizard woman that just wants to hurt me that I might not even get along with even if we are supposed to marry each other.... Even if I really care for her, though don’t always show it like she might want me to because I have a hard time trusting that her intentions are good because she has yet to prove to me that she is on my side, actually cares for me, is in-love with me, and is other than in a relationship with someone else while she just pretends to be in love with me to manipulate me. 

What do I do? I am finding it very difficult to even enjoy dating other people anymore... I feel like she ruined my life....  Honestly I am without what it takes to live through another holiday on my own without her, especially Christmas. I think I might give up before I see my folks this year. I’m praying she calls me to help me make things right, and I could never live without her. I feel so lost, and I need help. 