Thank YouLast night I opened up about something I did when I was in was in one of the lowest points in my life.  It’s something that I’m deeply ashamed of and if I could take it back, I would.   

I was planning to take my own life so that I could protect my family from this shame, rather than have their lives stained by this shame too.   My family would mourn a son and brother who had so much potential in his life.

To my surprise, a lot of you reached out and the now deleted thread blew up with people offering me advice, comfort, and sympathy.   I want to thank you all for your words, I was able to read most of them before the post was removed and the account was suspended.  If they weren’t after me before, I’m certain they are now.

I read through my note and thought about all of the people I mentioned, and how many times I told someone I loved them or was grateful for their friendship.   I talked about special memories shared together or qualities I admired about them.   I wanted them to all know how very sorry I was and how much I know how badly they’re hurting. 

I had been drinking quite a bit that night went to bed after I had written the note, and I thought about my poor mother.   I thought about all of the love and affection she had and still does give me.  I thought about how warm and safe I always felt when she held me as a child.  I know it’s weird to say, but as an adult I still feel the same sense of safety when she hugs me.    I thought about all of the pain she’ll feel in her heart if I left this world.  I wish I hadn’t ruined my life to the point where I’m I feel like there’s a binary choice of equally ruinous outcomes.   

When I woke up this morning, I thought about some of the small things I’ll miss.  I’ll miss the feeling of carpet on my bare feet and the warmth of the blanket I always use during the winter.  

Everything feels a little unreal today, like I’ve already died and I’m grieving for the life I once had.  It still feels like everything is over, that there’s no use in thinking about a future I won’t see.  I still feel like I need to leave this world while I’m still the hardworking and irreverent man that so many see me as.     I still feel like if I left this world, I could could protect my loved ones even if it meant breaking their hearts.  I feel like I’m running out of time to come to a decision.  I’m scared about what’s going to happen next.  

Everyone, thank you for all of your kind words.  I know that I don’t deserve them, but I am grateful for them.