Im giving up on meWhere do I even start with this. I’m a 32 F. I’ve dealt with this feeling that nothing I do is enough, everything I do is wrong etc. since I was 12. At first I thought it was a phase...I’ll grow out of it, but I haven’t. Sure, there’s been months at a time where I don’t think of killing myself or not wishing I were alive, but those thoughts always come back. 
 I’m in my third year of marriage. Last year my husband and our child moved to a different state because we just couldn’t afford living where we were at. He worked full time and I had both a full time job and a part time job. A couple months after we moved, he was diagnosed with cancer. I ended up going back to working 2 jobs and now including being a full time caregiver as well. This past year has been...for lack of better words, rough. But not because I work two jobs, have to take care of the household, our child and my dh, but because those feelings of wanting to die have become an everyday thing. I go to sleep praying I don’t wake up each morning. Don’t get me wrong...I love being a mom, caring for my dh and child, but I’m just so tired of feeling like what I do isn’t enough. While my dh was away for treatment, I took that opportunity to care for myself. I lost 30lbs because I knew I was overweight...I was happy and proud of myself. But my dh told me that he didn’t find me attractive anymore...that I looked like a corpse (for reference I’m 5’4 &amp; weighed 135) and I managed to save $1000 which I wanted to continue to save. But then he came home. All the money is gone because he’s going through this life crisis and wants everything. That’s fine...I can understand that, but when it gets to the point to where I can’t even afford eggs...that’s not alright. I ended up putting the weight back on because dh gets mad when I only want a small portion, when I want to exercise &amp; when I want to sleep early to get enough energy. To add to it he gets frustrated and tells me that I’m always trying to one up him whenever I say something like I have a headache. My home is not a home. It’s a place I come back to after work to clean, cook &amp; be told that whatever I’m going through doesn’t matter because I’m not the one fighting cancer. I’m just over it. I know deep down inside that I don’t matter, that I’m worthless, that I bring nothing but negative energy, but I feel like those are no longer deep inside me...they’re on the surface for everyone to see. I want to die. I don’t want to continue going through BS. I’ve been doing it all my life &amp; nothing gets better. The question is...how do I do it? I don’t want blood all over the place, but I also want to make sure it’s something I can’t survive. I f’n hate this. Idk if it matters, but yes I am on antidepressants (they’re not working), yes I’ve done counseling (complete waste of time, especially because we end up talking about dh or the damn therapist), I don’t have friends I can actually confide in and well...obviously I can’t talk to my dh. Everything has just snowballed and it’s making me feel crazy. Am I faking depression? Is that even a thing? I’m not even sure anymore. Nothing makes me happy (hell I can’t even remember when I was truly happy) I just want silence. That’s all. I know things won’t get better with time. I know divorce wouldn’t help. Nothing will help except dying.

Sorry this entire post just turned into rambling and doesn’t make sense anymore. It’s just another thing I’m not good at.