If i can't get a job this week, im fucking slitting my own throat live on FacebookI wasted 4 years on a job I got after highschool by getting mad and quitting with no notice. I have no references and I'm 23. I'm too old to be working minimum wage jobs that teenagers can do. It's embarrassing. I was so good at my first job, I should have been made a supervisor, but I didn't because of politics and I got really mad. 
Regardless, with my lack of any skills or degree, all I can get are dead end jobs that will never allow me to move out. I hate living at home. I just want to be independent and successful and be able to go on vacations. I'd love to own a home, but this is a fantasy in today's world. 
There's so much more to my life that is so terribly wrong. I can't even explain all of it. I'm at the end of my rope. There's no way I'm lasting another week here in my bedroom just cutting my skin up and punching walls. I'm fucking done with this bullshit life. 
The fact I will also never be able to retire really gets to me. 
Everyone looks down on me and has for my entire life. I have a young innocent looking face and I wear glasses, so people's perception of me is usually a dumb little girl who likes books and cares about nature. This is pretty much the opposite of who I am and what I want to do. I feel like I've been around the wrong group of people my entire life, I don't know where the fuck I belong. I can't find anyone who understands me or how I feel. A lot of it is because I don't relate to even other depressed people. 
The only time I've ever felt happy was after being given a taste of authority at my old job. Now I have an obsession with it. I won't be happy until I can say I'm in charge of something and have people look up to me. However, this is impossible for me to achieve with a career for reasons that would take too long to explain.
In addition, I'm a raging narcissist who feels very little empathy for other people. I have borderline personality disorder, so I guess this is just the way I am forever.
I'm a pretty shitty person in general besides even this, so if anyone really knew who I am on the inside, they would have no compassion for me trying to commit suicide. 