Too uglyI really can’t do this anymore. I’m just so ugly. It’s affecting my entire life. It sounds like such a small problem, right? Who cares, everyone has confidence problems, right? Why is this stupid girl crying about her looks when people have actual problems, right?

Wrong. I cannot go outside. I cannot interact with people. All I can do is wallow around in self hatred. Why was I made like this? Why do I look so ugly? 

Being Ugly wasn’t always such a huge issue. Before, I used to simply cry myself to sleep and cut my wrists. No one knew how I felt about myself. (I hate telling people I think I’m ugly bc it sounds like I’m fishing for compliments, and I know they’ll give me pity compliments in return. But I don’t want pity compliments, I know I’m ugly. Anyone who says I’m not is simply lying in order to help an ugly girl’s self esteem.)

Being Ugly has become a bigger issue. I cannot talk to people. I cannot interact with people because I’m afraid of how I’ll be perceived. My social anxiety is at it’s peak, and I know it’s going to keep me from achieving any of my dreams. You see, I’m just so afraid to talk to people, but I’m also afraid to be alone and look like a loner. I just got my first job, but I’m terrified to go to training. Everyone will see me as this ugly loner girl. 

I do well in school. I study SO hard, and I want to go places. But I don’t think I’ll ever be able to. I won’t be able to climb the corporate ladder, no matter how good I am in my field. Why would an employer hire an awkward UGLY girl when they could just as easily hire a charismatic white man? An employer has no reason to, and wouldn’t hire me. 

Kids are something I’ve always wanted. But again, I am ugly. When you’re this ugly, relationships aren’t achievable and so kids are out of the question. 

My two main dreams in life, getting somewhere in life and having kids, are nearly impossible. I’m simply too ugly. And so, I don’t want to live. But I also don’t want to die. I’ve attempted it, but I could never bring myself to do it all the way. I feel stuck. I just want to stay inside all day, roll up in a ball, and cry. 

This post sounds so stupid. I can’t even articulate what I’m going through. I hate myself. 