Is it worthwhile?Should I kill myself over a failed driver's licence exam?
I live in a shithole country where my next turn could be in 6 months.
However, I can't help but look at others so happy to have theirs, (women, respect, family everything).
So envyous when I see the beginner's sign on somebody's windshield I even laughed my ass off at dead people especially in my country (where roads are shit) 
It's horrible to wish someone to crash however I'm rotten from the inside, even the qualified psychiatrist told me. I wish I can be happy although I have nothing (or at least I think) nothing to show off for myself.
I'm just a loser without the right to drive and I'm 25.
Besides, I'm short and I have a small penis, on top of that being psychologically and physically screwed.
Nothing makes me happy, only extreme edgy content, besides I've never fucked more than 1 girl.
The rest were dudes (so I'm also a degenerate faggot) 
I carry my story around like a wrapper over my face, never to let anyone see what's inside. I'm afraid I'm gonna be left alone (and I will be if people find really who I am)
Until recently, I danced alone and I imagine I drive helicopters and cars.
I even took pictures of my coworkers and highschool/college classmates in bathsuites to jack off to.
Even though I don't lack cash, I'm still very upset at my state of being, just a loser who wasted his years, thinking he's gonna bust in some game being clan leader and making movies about how he rules there. 
Real life loser with a very hard shell to crack If people could see who really I am (I don't think they have the slightest idea) they would dump me instantly
I always like and I drink even though I take psychiatric meds, I hate myself for being such a loser, nothing is going my way even though I train for it.
I'm fed up with this positivity bullshit, even though it comes from Nick Wuczick (or however it is spelled) I don't like it I always look upward
I used to write my goals never realizing my problems lie beneath
Never talked and even dated one woman since I moved to study
I have nothing to show for myself, no travel, very few friends, and a lot of failures.

I think of leaving myself to hang from the office or somewhere in the public I work in or slash my throat somewhere in public for a brutal display, somewhere in a store never to be recovered. I thought maybe I can kill someone, however I dropped the idea, my life is already fucked up I don't want to destroy someone else's.

It may not be logically ordered, I just put it in as I was doing my work (as much as I could)

