I'm just waiting to know if I will get help or if I will die..Trying hard to find where in the timeline to start this text... I'll try somewhere and see where it'll take me..

Currently I'm at a psychiatric ward, waiting to meet a doctor that can, according to the feeling I've been getting from the rest of the staff even though they don't even talk to me more than to announce that the current meal for the time of day is served, discharge me due to more important patients need the bed. 
I came here sometime during Saturday night after I had an argument with my now ex-fiancee that ended with me going to the train station. At first I was going to take the last train to get here, I was in despair and didn't know where to go. When waiting for the train I had an urge within me grow rapidly. An urge to instead of get on the train.. get in front of it..

But I managed to talk some sense into myself and dialed the psychiatric emergency and explained my thoughts. They did an excellent job, and approached me in a way that made me calm myself down. While talking to me they also managed to stop the train and have police and ambulance dispatched to the station. 

I quickly realized they where looking for me and went up to them. And after I spent some time apologizing for the waste of resources they gave me a ride here.
I spent the night and called my fiance yesterday. She then told me that she wants to break up. This was apparently the last thing she wants in her life. We've had a lot of arguments about my lack of abilities of getting a job. How I just spend my days at home doing fuck all. I agree with her, I need to do more, but with a lack of an formal education, a weak resume, and a constant wave of failure, I tend to screw up and can't find anything.

I've also been criticized for being negative and have a gloomy mood. And I've tried to improve it. I contacted a psychiatrist who prescribed me anti-depressive medications and I were just about to start some kind of rehabilitation when this all happened.

I'm trying to find a reason to continue my existence right now.. my fiance left me. I have no income. I live 1700km from my closest friend or relative.
If they decide to let me go from here, I don't even know which direction I should start walking in.

I think the staff here only see me as a heartbroken whiny little cunt.. But I'm starting to realize that the breakup only made me come to understand that I'm really depressed. Our relationship managed to keep it at bay.. but it still managed to infect our relationship and drive us apart. Am I depressed because I got dumped or did I get dumped because I'm depressed? I would say yes to both. And now I don't have anything to keep my demons at bay anymore..

I will try to express my thoughts and feelings to the doctor when I finally get to see him/her. But it's easier to write than speak. And when I try to speak, the tears just makes me unable to form complete sentences.

If I don't get help now. I will honestly and surely die..