My reasons I guess.Growing up, my parents were addicted to pills and they were and still are alcoholics. My other relatives (aunt's, uncle's, cousin's, grandparents, etc) shunned my parents for the way they lived. I remember always feeling so out of place at family gatherings  my cousin's all dressed up in the cutest things, new game consoles, clean houses, and they always talked about trips they had gone on, and going to the mall and shopping. Listening to them I just felt so different. I'm the oldest of three and the only girl. I have memories of me in an infant carrier, watching my dad beat my mom. Other memories of me as a toddler and baby of my mom driving to find my dad cheating and leaving me in the car while they yelled outside of the window. Its so strange. I drove to a bar a few months back with some friends and as I pulled up, the memory washed back over me, so clearly. I remember even where we were parked. I was in my car seat, front facing, so I assume I was around 4 or 5. And the car seat was behind the passenger side seat. I was extremely tired, my mom woke me up for our drive. She left the car on and ran inside the bar. I dozed back off. I don't know how long she was in there but I woke up to her being pushed against the car window next to me. My parents were screaming at eachother. Eventually they got in the car and my mom just sobbed the entire way home. She kept saying things like "Who were those women? Why were you kissing her?" And asking those types of questions. I just pretended to be asleep. Memories like that come back here and there. Some fuzzy, some clear as day like that night or the night I punched my dad in the face for stealing money from my mom's purse. I later met a guy in highschool. It was my summer before sophomore year. He was a year older. I lost my virginity to him and fell in love like stupid kids do. We were together for 4 1/2 years. At least 3 of them were spent being beaten just like my mother and the entire time being cheated on. I started using drugs with him. Weed at first, then synthetic marijuana, Adderall, Molly. I finally left him and met a nice guy. But he came back into my life and I resorted back to my toxic life and slept with him. He'd changed right? I came to my senses and got back together with the nice guy. But a month in a half of us being back together, I found out I was pregnant. We didn't know who the father was. He knew this from the beginning and stayed. I wasn't allowed to enjoy my pregnancy. Every time I was near his family they would ask me when I planned to take the DNA test and why I refused to just to an invasive test while I was pregnant to get it done with. Driving home from the hospital was awful. I hadn't slept since delivering my son. I lost a lot of blood and the doctors were monitoring my levels and discussing a blood transfusion. Regardless of how tired I was, I was made to take a pitstop on the way home with my newborn to the DNA testing center to have he and I swabbed. Things seemed better besides the normal sleepy life that comes with being a new parent. Then the results came in. He saw them on his email and closed his laptop and left for days. My son didn't belong to him. We tried to make it work but my guilt and his pain from the situation got the best of us and he left. I lived alone in a one bedroom with my son after that. No car. No job. Relying on my mom for everything. I found a job, got a car, things seemed better. This job is where I met my ex husband. He and I clicked so well. I can't even describe it. He moved in and we slowly filled that tiny apartment with furniture and decor and pictures of us. He then took my car while I was at work one dat and cheat on me. The cheating continued on and off. He swore he stopped and changed. We got married. Then 3 years later, divorced. The cheating never really stopped. I'm now living in a room at my moms. Sleeping on an air mattress and have nothing to my name. My account is negative, I can't work enough to catch my bills up because I'm drowning with school. I am trying to get a degree to be better for my son.  Trying right? But I am struggling so bad to pass and get my assignments done and have time to work so I can pay my bills and be a good mom and spend time with him all on top of still dealing with attacks and mental poison from my ex husband. It feels like an endless loop. Today was my birthday. I wish I would have done it today. My son is the only reason I'm alive.