Blew my last last chanceI was a star student in high school. My classmates called me a genius and my friends and family were all sure I'd do great things, but then I didn't do very well in my first semester at college taking hard STEM classes. In retrospect it was ok but I was pretty bummed out that caring a lot and giving it my all wasn't good enough to come out on top. I also felt bad that I hadn't experienced a normal social life, and I gradually lost the energy to study or work hard for my classes. I had my first fling with a flirty girl that ended very badly (I was "in love"), started drinking a lot, and joined some stupid clubs. That was when I really started fucking up. Wasting time turned into hiding from my responsibilities and finally ignoring them completely. I was failing classes and hiding it from everyone. The school placed me on probation and made me leave after my third semester. My parents couldn't make sense of it. They acted like I was a total nutcase whenever I started to explain my feelings so I just let them rationalize that I had gotten sick during an unusually difficult semester (I did get sick but that was not the main problem). After a year spent jerking off, sleeping, and thinking of creative reasons not to kill myself, I convinced the university to let me back. I didn't really want to,  but it was the path of least resistance at the time. I couldn't bear the shame of admitting failure to my friends at home and college, and my mom went crazy whenever I suggested doing something else with my life. I was clearly not ready to go back; I'd lost all my motivation and study skills. I'm a calm seeming person so none of my friends at school suspected anything was wrong. I even found a new girlfriend who was obsessed with me. I wasn't attracted to her and she often felt like a burden but I kept her around so I could tell myself I would always have something to comfort me.

Anyway, that was a couple years ago. I've managed to pass classes just enough to stay in school until now and I finally felt guilty enough to break up with my girlfriend a few months ago. I'm a "graduating" senior now, but I'm on probation again and they said they'd expel me if I failed another course. I took a final earlier today and I know I failed. I also didn't turn in any of the essays for another class. I was going to finish them all and beg my teacher to accept them but I don't really see any reason to do anything now. It's a familiar feeling. There have been a lot of times when I felt like killing myself or just disappearing, but I always told myself there's no point so I might as well keep on living. That was pointless. Something in me still died every time. My detachment has been snowballing as I keep failing and letting go of my last threads of hope and links to reality. Maybe things wouldn't be so bad if I had just given up and started over years ago. Now I think I've decisively destroyed my sense of self along with my capacity to pursue anything. I assumed I would eventually feel enough desperation or anger to force myself to face the things I've neglected, but that just isn't happening. I can't imagine ever really wanting or feeling anything again. I don't know what I'll do now. I can't really think of any reason to care.