I don't know.Do you ever feel like you don't know? Like even if you asked me that what do I mean by that and I'll say that I don't know. You'll ask why and I'll say I don't know. Someone asks me about how I'm feeling these days and I'm like I don't know. I know I should do something but I just. Don't. Know. 
I'm just like what. Wha--
These days I've been thinking about insanity a lot, like am I going crazy? Is it insanity when it's all you ever think about? I picture myself screaming, I picture myself banging my head against the wall, I picture myself with a gun in my mouth and then pulling the trigger.
I'm an underweight, incredibly weak, 19 year old from Pakistan. I can't see a psychiatrist for various social reasons and what not. My exam results will come out day after tomorrow, I already know, or believe, that I’ll fail at one subject or the other. I just can't study, you know? Either I can't concentrate or I don't know (I don't know again). 
Right now I wanna say so much but I don't know (again) what to write or how to write it so I'm just going on with writing whatever comes to my mind.
I have incredibly low self-esteem, I've always had it.
I also have a disease, can't remember the name, which doesn't make my blood clot, it's not haemophilia of any kind, it's something else. And the first thing that I remember, the earliest living memory I have is that I'm weak, that I'm different, that I can't do things proper, I can't go out of the house and play with other kids, I can't go on the slides, my health is too little, I'm physically weak, I can't take that kid on, I can't control situations I can't do anything.
Now because of my disease my parents never let me out of the house, I stayed at home, I got bored a lot, I still do get bored a lot quite easily. I sleep a lot. 
I've got academy tomorrow, and I feel ABSOLUTE DREAD and don't want to go, but my parents will force me to go, because they paid like 200 dollars for it, and well, money is another thing. I feel like I'm a sad disgrace to my parents too by the way I've wasted money over education and not done shit.
Everybody in my class in the academy is smart. They all got excellent results. They'll get into med schools. They make me feel so inferior and I feel like I can never get there, you know?
I don't know.
I don't know what to do.
I don't even know if someone will read this here.
I can't think. I can't see a way anywhere.
I don't have any good qualities. I'm too physically weak for sports, too mentally stunted to do anything academically good, I lack will, I feel like every single thing with me is absolutely wrong.
I think about killing myself every day.
I don't know what to do.
I want to write so much more on here. I don't know how or what. But I know there's a lot.
I don't know.
I don't know what to expect by posting this here.
I don't think anything can help me, people tell me motivational stuff and I'm like eh. People tell me it'll be okay and I'm like eh. People tell me to work hard, but I've never worked hard in my life. I CAN'T work hard. 
I just don't know.
