Not contemplating Suicide, but would like some Advice.I have to start by apologizing for posting this in the wrong section, if that ends up being the case.

My friend, she attempted suicide by popping several bottles of pills and taking their contents into her body through digestion (ate of a lot of pills). Thank God, she woke up the next morning and gave me a call.

Before that phone call, I checked my Facebook to find a message from her - she told me a bunch of things, such as where to take certain items she owned to sell to certain people for a certain amount to help pay for things that may need to be paid for. This confused me greatly, but she called half an hour after I read it.

So, during the phone call she was crying and I couldn't get her to calm down and it took her at least 10 minutes to become cohesive enough to understand. She told me about her taking all those pills.

She also mentioned that her boyfriend had failed to take her to the hospital, because he thought she could sleep it off. (This "boyfriend" is important later on into this giant block of text.)

I yelled at her, over the phone, and told her to get to a hospital and have them pump her stomach. She said she threw it up, and did this several times until it was just bile coming out.

She ended up being okay...

*FAST FORWARD 2 MONTHS/WE ARE NOW IN PRESENT TIME* 

This boyfriend, from earlier, is in Jail for breaking into his land lord's brother's house and stealing several firearms. He was caught, and is currently sitting in jail.

She called me and asked if there was anything I could do, but I wouldn't help him regardless if she asked. (I loved her, we dated before she got back with this scumbag)

I had her boyfriend looked up in the systems, and I was given a full account of all his past actions. He has quite the record, and I feel sorry for her being with him.

With there being nothing I could do for him, because I wasn't going to pay his ~$30k bail, I decided to visit her and take her out to a movie to relax. This is where things get twisted... we had sex, during Iron Man 3 and the Wizard of Oz. (Drive in movie theater)

Well, we went our separate ways this morning, as I had to travel back to where I came from.

She sent me this really long message on Facebook, and it ended up turning into this huge argument over why he was no good for her; she was defending him the entire time.

She said it didn't matter, and that she loved him.

{Background Information on Her: Family is lower class in society, she never has been shown any kindness or given anything nice. That was the case, until I met her my Senior year and we dated for a little over a year and a half. I got her the best of the best, because I am able. I'm financially stable, and can support a small family on my income alone. She eventually shied away from this, returning back to her old habits of hanging out with scumbags who deal/do drugs.}

-------------------------------------------------------------------

She messaged me 15 minutes ago, talking about suicide again. I no longer care, am I a bad person? She made her choices, why should I put myself through this shit, if my love isn't enough. I've got my future, whereas she wants one with the guy in jail.

What am I supposed to do... someone help?