I'm done with everythingI have suicidal thoughts since I was 12. I've tried killing myself in not efficient ways, like taking a bunch of Tylenol or asfixiating myself with a pillow. Of course, it didn't do anything. My mom always dismissed my feelings and my depression, saying it was a temporary thing, that I was just sad, or that I have no reason to have depression. She had depression before, after my dad died when I was 5, so in her head I never went through anything to trigger a potential depression. I have low self esteem, kids would mock my appearance and my weight since kidergarten, my mom always makes sure to tell me how I don't know how to do anything, always comparing me to my younger brother who's so much more intelligent. She always locked me up, I never had a normal childhood nor could've enjoyed my teenager years. I can't leave my house by myself. I didn't finish college for financial reasons, and never got a job because my country situation and also because I have no experience or skills. I'm trying studying web development in my house but I'm so used to being treated as a failure that I always give up from it, plus it's easy for me to get distracted having the freedom to browse anything on internet. My family has no structure, my brother and my mom often treats me like I'm dumb or crazy, and they're the only family I have. I have a boyfriend, he lives in another country, but due to my lack of social skills I don't have friends or anyone but him, and the times I needed him the most, he left me to do something else or to be with coworkers or friends, and since I lack affection from my family, I constantly expect him to be considerate or/and affectionate towards me, which he's not really. I'm 25, I'm alone, I have no one, I have no life, no friends, no one I can run to, no one to take care of me when things are bad, no one who cares about me or put any importance on what I feel and I'm beyond tired. I'm trapped and I'm just a waste of space and time. I pray so much to God to take me, but he never listens to me. I pray to not feel these things anymore, but it's also useless. I want to kill myself in a way that it's not painful and seems like it was an accident. It's hard to have any accident inside my own house, though. I'm just tired of living. It's so unfair, I could count how many times I felt like living it's worth, while so many people are fighting to live... I want to be gone forever, where no one can hurt me anymore. I don't have strenght anymore, I couldn't even make an anonymous account because I'm just defeated, I feel like an old rug which everybody steps on. Please help me.