My last hope was for someone else to love me if I couldn't.As by the username. I am a gay man. Young adult. I have very frequently been looking for a relationship. Not some sexual relationship with no strings attached, but a real one. Everybody tells me that they aren't great, but all I wanted was someone that I could eventually spend my days waking up next to. Asking how their day is and how I could make it better. So much more. All of my attractions to guys have turned out as limerance. I had a few times where I would've gotten along very well with someone, and we might have even connected, but if god was real, it feels like he directly wishes for my suffering because the situations make it literally impossible to advance with someone. There's this one guy that I loved for a long time. He showed signs of loving me back. Nothing ever came from it. On the last day before he moved away, he asked to cuddle with me during a meeting at my school. He did these things like show affection to me and hug me, but never that before. I agreed, and I felt what love was supposed to feel like. It was a warm and sweet feeling that I never wanted to end. Naturally, nothing ever came for it or ever will again. No matter if I've "moved on" which is just what I tell myself, the limerance attractions that I have had before always plague my mind as they're always in my thoughts. 

Other parts of my life were already garbage, like being unable to move out, unable to get a job just to turn my financial stuff to two digits. I don't even have ten dollars in my account. I recently was led to believe I was about to get a job, only to find out after the last step they decided to not consider me anymore. My life is full of these constant misleading ups that are always some form of suffering waiting to strike. I'm told I have a lot to live for, but I know that I don't. It sounds so selfish of me, but I don't know where I got the attachment issues from. I don't know why I loved the people I did so much. But after this many years, I know this is how my life will be. This unhealthy attraction that is nearly all a fantasy, the only thing that cheers me up mentally. All I've ever wanted was to be held. After this long I have not been on a single date before. I'm left with no love for myself. There isn't any way I really could. I had love to give to someone else, but after trying so incredibly hard, I just have a broken heart, a defeated brain, and a force that makes every aspect of my life useless

I wanted to post this more as a self vent in fear that I'll follow through with something for once in my life. I'm aware my life is meaningless and I have so much less to be depressed about. I feel so selfish for whining about love, but they're obsessions I cannot get over, and I've tried so hard to do good things for myself but I never manage to do achieve anything. It's just something I was never lucky enough to feel.