For all you reading this that only have "suicidal thoughts" and no "plans" - Your struggle is STILL VALIDYour suffering is JUST as valid as someone with a full on "plan" to kill themselves, even though it can feel selfish to think that way.

I don't want to say that your situation depends on the urgency of someone with the gun in their hand, ready to do it. Those should always float to the top. But we can still help.

Long story short, this was me for the last few months after moving from school to college and completely changing everything in my life. I had gone to a K-12 private school with 550 kids total, since Kindergarden, and moved out of state to a school of 28,000 grad and undergrad. My long distance "girlfriend" left me, my friends were all in different parts of the country, and I was struggling with the fact that I was a business school student that... hated business school. You know the next steps, got heavily involved in drugs that I hated using, which only made matters worse, got bad grades in easy classes, etc. Over thanksgiving break after bawling my eyes out to anyone who would listen at a friend's party, I got arrested on the ride home for making some awful decisions. If you want to know what I was arrested for, I'll go into it, I'm not ashamed, but this just isn't about me.

**My therapist would always first ask me "Do you have a plan, have you taken any action towards suicide" when I would bring this up in our weekly meetings. I felt like nobody would take me seriously unless I said "Yes", which I never did.** I remember telling people "I want to go into a coma for the next few months" because I could never do that to my family, but I didn't want to be alive. Anti-depressants certainly didn't help matters, I pulled myself off of them two weeks ago, but it's ironic that a prescribed drug can make those symptoms worse!

Anyways, I browse here now because I am willing to do ANYTHING to help saved friends, family, loved ones, internet strangers, redditors, whoever, from the same type of pain I went through. Even if you're thinking "I don't want to be alive, but I am not going to kill myself" you're in an awful place. Don't be afraid to ask for help, PLEASE PM me if you want to talk or anything. Especially if you're in high school, I was just there, I know what it can be like. That email address was expensive, might as well put my legitimate one out to you guys. I get emails to my phone so I can get back to you basically any hour of the day.

That's all, happy new years to everyone. You'll get through this period of your life.

**tl;dr: People in urgent situations are still very important, but don't be afraid to ask for help if you have ANY suicidal thoughts.** Any level of "not wanting to be alive" is a valid reason to post here or send any of us a message. Many others including myself will always be willing to help. Happy new year, 2011 will be better I promise!