i'm not going to get oldit's something i've always felt. in the days of my carefree youth i could only look as far as 'college', and that's only because i thought the basement at OSU was cool and the idea of having a permanent sleepover with my best friend was awesome. 

when i got older and mental illness really set in, i thought i'd have the courage to finish it before i hit my 'sweet' sixteen. but then mom died and i couldn't leave dad alone and i finally realized all the fucked up shit she put us through, so i revised. i'd stick around until he didn't need me anymore. my maladaptive daydreams frequently featured him telling me he hated me and that i was a burden so the only string i had tethering me here was cut. that never happened. because he loved me. 

but then he died too. i was an orphan at 15 and i was free. and numb. and scared about everything. i couldn't think about anything, let alone the future.

i had to move out of the only town i had ever known and Shit went Down and i finally actually tried. 

obviously, didn't work. but it got me kicked out and i had to move again and im grateful because now im better off and too fucking scared of how close i got and im on meds and in therapy and doing better. but. 

i'm still not gonna get old. i can just.. feel it. i turn 20 soon and that's way farther then i ever thought id get but I don't think im gonna see my 28th birthday. idk why 27 sticks out in my head but it does?? 98% certain that unless somehow i tank further than ive ever been im not gonna kms, im too goddamn scared, but i just Know it in all that i am that i am not meant to stick around. i don't have any aspirations or goals, im never going to want to start a business or climb a career ladder or get married or have kids (god, no). im just gonna... fade off, i guess. im not sad about it. feels like a fact of life. unavoidable. it's not a good or a bad it's just.. there. 

this got rambly. ive had a bad night. stuff to get off my chest. sorry. 

TLDR: don't feel like im ever going to grow old and 'accomplish' anything. ok with this but i wanna know if any of you feel the same. 