I need to get out of my house and away from this abuse. Please help.Hello reddit,
This was posted on r/toronto first.


I'm a 23 year old living in the Scarborough area. If you want some background info on me then check my submitted post history. I'll explain a bit here. 

Basically I desperately need to get away from my mom. I have very bad depression and she has very very extreme anger issues. I know I'm 23, but because of  both these factors I've been unable to find a job. I have tried searching a bit but I have very poor social skills to find a job. This along with the fact that I've been severely emotionally and some physical abuse from my mom, makes it basically impossible for me. I have no support from anyone, my mom just tells me im useless and cannot ever find a job, and tells me just go and die daily. Recently she's forced me to pay for my own food with what little I have. But now 2 weeks ago we had a "fight" which was just me telling her she was loud (read post history for  more on this) and she freaked out and took apart my computer and forced me to stay in my room for 2 weeks so far. Yep I'm being treated like an 8 year old (ive been treated like this for 20 years) over a tiny thing. She still expects me to cook for myself and my sister though BUT starts getting irritated if I leave my room. This has been slowly getting worse over the past 2 weeks. My parents have been fighting for about a year non stop now so my dad tried to sympathize with me but cant do shit. Today after I finish cooking she comes down and yells that I didnt wash her whisk. Like a hostile yelling, not a parent strict one. Then yells at me to stop using ANY food in her kitchen to make food. At this point I just got so frustrated and threw a water bottle and kick the floor 2 times when my mom went to smoke. Dad proceeds to come up and start yelling whats wrong. I say I'm sick of her. Then for no fucking reason he starts yelling at me which my mom hears. "I TOLD YOU TO GET A JOB SOONER" "NOW YOU HAVE TO SUFFER BECAUSE OF YOURCHOICES" "YOU KNOW YOUR MOM HASMENTAL ISSUES BUT YOU PISSED HER OFF ANYWAYS" "NOW THAT YOU MADE ME YELL YOURE GOING TO GET SO MUCH SHIT FROM HER" etc.

Mom obviously hears all this and gets pissed. Dad knows he has to do something because he just caused a shitstorm. Tries to talk to my mom calmly and logically but she just shoves everything he says aside. After my dad failed to talk to her she storms into my room screaming stuff like "WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE" "IF YOU DONT LIKE THIS THEN GO DIE ORMOVE OUT". She then takes my phone and ipod which are theonly things keeping me sane. I'm typing this on the vita she doesnt know I have. What do I do? Shes basically locking me in my room with nothing.  I cant find a job like this. I have no phone no car no real internet access. I can use library computers but my mom is a ticking time bomb.

I need serious help to get out of here. What choices do I even really have. Stayin my room until she gets crazier? She has physically hurtme and my dad before. Its no surprise to either of us if she pulls a knife on me or anything to injure me. I can be homeless. At that point I'd rather suicide. I've already thought about suffocating myself, overdosing, or jumping in front of a truck. I dont want to but I dont know how to get out of here. I need to move out now to maybe start moving my life forward. Its just really hard for me with no support, the abuse, the lack of freedom, no car and phone (recently). I onlyhave about $700 so I cant rent any regular place or anything. The best I could do is like paying for my own food and maybe other basics.

Someone please help me out of this.. I need to get out.