not sure if this belongs here, but...Now and then I find the need to write in my own voice. It’s strange how improper it feels, no? To write in your own voice. I believe self-loathing is built on a foundation of overexposure to oneself. In years before I only had myself and found a great pleasure in engaging in a dialect with myself, at a time when I had no other pleasure in life and spent days and nights in libraries or slumped over a desk. This is also how you learn to detest work, and to see work not as an effort but as self-laceration. I drift into thoughts of “doing something with my life” and find only dead-ends. I turn back, ignore the “end of the road” and find only half-truths and lies. I find a father that resented his only son, a mother that turned her back on him when he needed her most. I find a sister who by choice did not . I see that love has failed and will continue to fail. And from this I am in an enormous pain that I cannot simply shake off, snap out of, or talk my way out of. I cannot soothe myself, because it’s as if I’d suffered a leg injury many years ago and found that the broken bone hadn’t completely healed, would still crack and splinter from time to time. I have felt this pain for years and have lost countless friends and family members by its effects. So I have not shown it, I have learned the elaborate pathways that it travels, learned to intuit when its thorny pin-needles will appear in the corners of my mind and change everything. The appearance of the world takes on a dark hue. Music feels extremely sad and hauntingly beautiful. Voices and sounds and smells of the past come forward as if the linearity of time itself has begun to wither. And I know that this is my experience alone, that I cannot and will not share this with another because to share it would not bring us together but only keep us apart. We are always two.


I have been told this is “depression” or what was once called “melancholia”. In this state of mind, death is the focus. I feel physically weak, as if exhausted from lack of sleep, but also paralyzingly anxious and unable to rest my mind. I know if I sleep I will have nightmares and will not feel rested when I awake.
Just wondering if others experience the same and what if anything to do about it, aside from seeking professional help.. I’m doing that.. but it doesn’t help between visits when a ‘flare up’ occurs.