Please tell me I am just a whiny cunt and should STFU and carry onI have a method in mind. It would be a string or that cheap plastic rope for hanging clothes. And a building high enough. Perhaps the condo I’m staying at, and there’s a way to attach the rope properly. I think this way I would get the best of the two classic methods - hanging and jumping. The rope around the neck is meant to slash the head off or break the neck with all that body weight, at least. It seems like a fast and relatively easy option, yet quite graphic for those who would have to witness the outcome. Perhaps, I’d want to get intoxicated beforehand to make it even easier. Never been fond of hard work.

Prior to this very moment when I started writing this ridiculous thing, I have accomplished quite a few things that may seem like something but in fact do not make you happy. I work in one of the tallest buildings in the city, the office is above 40th floor. My salary is decent and benefits include basic medical coverage, and a common room in a condo (which I can upgrade to a master without much hassle). I shifted to this room \~3 months ago because I wanted more space and a bigger window. I have a cute girlfriend who is kind, smart and very talented, and her family accepts me, more or less. My relationship with my own parents is somewhat bearable, there is no immediate visible crisis. And I did not have to save up for a 10-days trip to another first-world Asian country I recently came back from.

There was a shit storm in my current company. Something that made my heart beat twice as fast. I thought it’d be over for me. Not just the job, but the entire course of life I was on. But as far as I can tell, I played my cards well, probably the best way possible, and stayed on track. Here I have to note that in the company, things were messy before that episode. Most of the “good” colleagues left the company for various reasons but one of the main issues was the company itself. Just its culture and everlasting mess that occured due to the fact that things were not done properly from the beginning. Also, every day here could be the last for anyone here. Except for one slippery bitch that was able to hang around longer than anyone else while spoiling the atmosphere for others. The disgusting gossiper and politics player. Can’t say one can be happy in an environment like that. But I have to hold tight - if I don't find a better place to work I'll get deported to a country that never felt like home and will have tons of other problems there.

However, my previous company had a different kind of shitty culture. I left it in September last year, and they got sold shortly after. There was no window in my office. I had a 6-days working week. And a 3-year bond (if I’d break the contract during the first 3 years of employment, I’d have to repay them 2 months’ salary). The project was going nowhere. Looking back, there was so little life left in the place. Owners were old, and used outdated methods for everything. My manager at the time was stuck on the same boat, carrying on with the nonsense, together with the owners. The entire place was irrelevant to the modern world, and they did not listen. Not to me, not to outsiders, maybe not even to their own board, and as far as I know, not even to a director that was hired specifically to solve these problems. Yet, I was able to convince them to give me a change and patient enough to wait for a chance to leave. It was my first “serious” job. And the first company that was able to sponsor my visa. It was a tough call. I saw the contract before signing it and I felt that my other option - to go back, was (and still is) not acceptable for various reasons that you may find in the text later.

During my last year in university, I went on a job hunt rather hard. On the first day of classes I already had an interview scheduled. Nothing came out of it, I was just sweating a lot, and had to buy a SIM card. It is still with me though. During the year, I was studying at the best of my ability, and after the first semester’s results it was clear that I can push it forward and get “1st class honours”. I kept going for meet ups, interviews, spamming recruiters with my CV and so on. One of CTO’s that I spoke to, called me back to the office building after I failed an interview miserably just to say “You are not worth hiring” and offer an unpaid internship. Little did he know, I was involved in one already. It did not give much experience or anything, Just the constant feeling that I do not belong in that place/team/project. One of these companies liked me very much and even applied for visa, but I got rejected - my degree was not ready at the moment, and I though that I’m worthless and this is the end. I was wrong though.

Before doing for the degree, and after my diploma course, I was on a holiday “back home” - learning driving and getting my license. I failed the first driving exam because of some stupid kid who was just standing near the crossing but was not going to cross - by the rules, I had to slow down. My second try was a success, and I could legally drive cars. Sometimes I think my dad found a way to bribe someone to get me through - during my exam, the officer was very kind. It’s just a thing my dad would do, I have no evidence of him doing that.

The time I spent for diploma course was pretty fun. I was studying well and I knew that I have so much time ahead. I was doing some extra-curricular stuff as well, and had a lot of friends, definitely more than when I studied for the degree. We were going out quite often, and even staying in was fun. I was sort of fixing my social life after years in school, experimenting with girls even. Not that I was much of a predator, but that chapter of my life was pretty good. I think I felt happier back then and had more hope for the future. The exact hope that was raped, crashed, destroyed by the first couple of years of real “adulthood” described in the second paragraph.

Before college, I managed to finish school with a GPA of 4.5 out of 5. It was pure luck rather than hard work. Before my senior year I won a “research competition” - just happened to be the kid with the coolest project and adequate presentation skills. Yet, that was highly valued and gave me a free pass with teachers and parents. I was not a good kid before this competition, I was under mandatory counselling for half a year due to underage alcohol abuse. The police caught me and my friends causing public nuisance on a train station. I had tobacco wrapped in a piece of paper and the cops thought it’s weed. I though so too, and that freaked out my parents. The expertise has shown that it was just tobacco - my friend’s dealer decided to joke this time. Pure luck. I did drugs too, mostly pharmacy, and was hooked on chewing tobacco. My parents were very strict, and I was hiding and stashing my stuff in various places.

Did I mention that our house was searched by the police because of my dad? As far as I know he was stupid enough to download porn from a local tracker and leave it on seeding. They took all the computers, including mine, together with a gaming project I had that brought together around 4000 users. I was the founder and the project was taken away from me. Other people took charge after I left, and I never looked back. I don’t know what kind of porn it was, but my dad’s still free and I’ve seen any of those computers anymore. Maybe it was his trick to confiscate everything to go through my files or whatever. I know he read my messages until I learned to encrypt everything, and he does the same to my younger sister now.

During secondary school I was far from being a popular kid. Not really bullied - I was a big guy and no one wanted to fuck with me after a couple of rage episodes in the earlier years. But I was not welcomed either. Until maybe high school, but by then I was an outsider, weirdo and a loner already. I did have a few friends though. It was not that bad overall, but I was not happy. My reputation was shit not only in school but among friends from martial arts group too - I was the youngest and always wanted to hang out with older kids thinking that kids my age are dumb. I was forced to as well, because I went to school 1 year early. Also, I had this pre-teen episode of suicide talk and drawing suicide pictured - I was 12 or 13 years old. This pushed people away as well. Can’t say I was happy during childhood. There were my dad’s renovation projects which he forced me to help with, and I spent most of my time outside school with him though I hated it. Mum is 14 years younger than my dad and never had much say in the family. They had that conflict between dad and her parents, and it’s another blah-blah-blah I don’t want to touch. Everyone pretended everything is ok but feels like everyone had reasons to hate one another. 

I don’t remember much of early childhood. Maybe a couple of blur episodes. Like that time never existed.

I am in my 20s now, and this is pretty much my story so far. It’s a bumpy road.

I hate the prospects life offers, all the hard work seems worthless, it does not make me happy and I don’t know what does.

I just want to tell you my story and maybe talk.

Here’s a quote from a film I like for not particular reason:

“There are certain hours of the night when I awake to the sound of a train. It roars right through my apartment. At times it feels as if it will lift me out of bed. All that earsplitting thunder and then silence.”