Was starting to feel better, but after a bad breakup I feel worse than everI was in my first relationship for 6 months. It was the best time of my life and the only time I’ve ever felt genuinely loved. The relationship was quite intense, it moved quickly, she came out as trans (mtf), and I was depressed. 

Four weeks ago I had a breakdown and broke up with her. I didn’t want to, and she agreed to get back together. That lasted for a week before she said she needed to take a break to find herself. And then last week she told me that my depression killed her love for me a few months ago. That means that she lied about loving me for months. And to make things worse I just started on my path to getting better. I just started therapy, exercising, eating well, and going out with friends. But she said that she didn’t love me and didn’t want to try again. How could she lie to me for months like that?

She broke up with me during school holidays and I was fine. I blocked her on everything and didn’t have to see her. But today was our first day back. And I had to watch her be happy with her friends and not even glance at me. And I had to hear her voice and it ruined me. I had felt suicidal at times during the relationship but with therapy I had stopped feeling that way. But now I just feel like doing it again. The person I care about the most in the world doesn’t even think about me. I spend my time wanting her to ask if we can try again but she doesn’t even look at me. 

My family situation isn’t good, and I have no close friends. And now that she’s gone there’s no one left to care. She’s never coming back. And I don’t get to see my therapist for another 7 weeks because there were no appointments available. I’m considering just taking all the pills downstairs. I don’t really have much of a future, I get average grades, look average, am infertile, have neglectful parents, and more.

Everything hurts so much. She was such a beautiful and unique person and she doesn’t Love Me anymore and never will. And I have to watch her be happy without me for every single day of the year. And then I have to go home to my neglectful father and schizophrenic mother. And then I get updates on my dying grandma. I hate the life I have. 

If you read this then thank you. I don’t know what to do right now. I’m hurting a lot.