A melancholy feelingI've been suffering from a terrible depression for close to two years now. I think I can say that I am in a slightly better place than I was when I first attempted suicide. But things haven't really changed all that much. The issues I faced then still plague me today, and the overwhelming intrusive thoughts and feelings and emotions still do take over me from time to time. I've slit my wrists to cope with them twice. It was unpleasant but necessary and the pain from it was much more preferable than the pain that those overwhelming feelings have caused me. 
 
I've attempted to end my life twice now. First, four months ago in October, and earlier this year in January. I was warded for 32 nights at an Institution, where I was given a diagnosis of Mixed anxiety-depressive disorder. 
 
I've been attending psychotherapy sessions for a few months now and take my medication (fluoxetine, 20mg) regularly, which, I think, helps to give me a sense of stability and balance and the, hopefully, good sense to want to try to work things out. My psychologist is a terrific woman but I don't think she can really help me all that much. The sessions often make me more exhausted than relieved and it's really tiring. The medication I'm on currently helps to make me feel stable most days of the week, but it also makes me feel incredibly emotionally blunted and the stable effects are not consistent enough to provide me an adequate level of peace of mind. If things don't go well by August or the end of this year I think I may end up attempting suicide again. And this time it probably ain't gonna be by pill overdose. It's sickening to me to think that I wake up everyday with suicide always in the back of my mind, while everybody else wakes up ready to tackle the new day wish a fresh start and kiss their partners goodbye and go to their schools and jobs and better their career and education and live life to the fullest while I'm still stuck where I was two years ago. 

They say that for the vast majority of people suffering from depression, it indeed does get better. I guess I fall into the minority category then. Well, why not? I've been a minority and a misfit my whole life - it's just as well that I'm one even with this godforsaken illness.
 
Tell your friends you're physically ill; they send you get well soon wishes. If you're valuable enough, maybe they'll even send you gifts and come visit you.

And surely when it's your birthday, they'd at least wish you a happy birthday.
 
Surely. Surely. Surely...
 
Tell your friends you're mentally ill; they stop talking to you and dissociate themselves from you--finally making it crystal clear how little, if anything, you really meant to them. And the person you thought was your best friend tells you to "stop fucking up your life like that."
 
He could might as well have put a bullet in my head instead of saying the things he said to me. The effect would have been just the same.

No one sends you 'get well soon' cards or well-wishes when you're mentally ill. Not in my case, at least. There's no comfort or love or warmth in my life. Just the agonizing drudgery of my miserable, loveless, lonely life.

The two remaining friends I had left have ceased contact with me, finally making it crystal clear how little, if anything, I really meant to them.
 
I guess I should have known better. I wasn't even valuable enough to my two remaining friends to even be wished a happy birthday.
 
At this point in my life, I'm just a friendless worthless depressed lonely loser with nothing much going for him. I'm stuck in a ceaseless inertia that's taking ages to get out of, and every time I try to move one step forwards, I'm pushed two, three, a hundred steps back by my illness, my sister, components of my personality (ugly, undesirable, unattractive, unlovable, useless, worthless, repulsive, pathetic, miserable, loser.). I wake up everyday feeling like there's a noose around my neck that's getting tighter and tighter with the passing of each day; feeling like life itself is a disease for which the only cure is death, only to have the one friend I thought I had left in the world tell me to “stop fucking up your life like that," and that "your pain is by far not the greatest." It's been over four months since I first had contact with medical professionals. But nothing much has been improving. It's incredibly frustrating and exhausting but I'm determined not to give up--not yet, at least.

An online acquaintance, when learning of my predicament, said, "10, 20 years from now, it would've been far worse if you were still "friends" with these people who don't really care about you," and, "they have unwittingly given you a gift of freedom - seek out instead the real, true friends you truly deserve. They are out there."
 
I do hope he's right, and that I'll be able to find those true friends, someday.

All I ever wanted was for someone to hold me and tell me that I'd be okay. And I'm not even deserving of that. 

Every single waking moment of my life is filled with agony and pain and anguish and gut-wrenching emptiness and misery. It hurts so much. I mean it actually really hurts - not just emotionally and mentally, but sometimes physically as well. I wish I was exaggerating.   

There are times when I'm able to find some modicum of hope that someday, things will be better. That tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow will be better, but I soon realize that a better tomorrow will perhaps never come, and that I’m forever going to be falling down this abyss of pain and loneliness and lovelessness and misery and suffering. I desperately want to get well and better, but every time I take one step forwards, this illness (and components of my personality) push me two, three, sixty, a hundred steps back. It's so fucking tiring, and there are days where I'm so completely washed over by a huge, nauseating wave of defeat that I can't even will myself to get out of bed and into the washroom to take a piss.

There's a story about villagers in the Solomon Islands who would get rid of an undesirable tree by gathering around it and yelling at it for thirty days straight. Eventually, the tree, from the negative energy of the yelling and screamings of the villagers, would topple over by itself. Except in my case it's not thirty days, but over two years now. And besides my sister's abuses I have this illness to deal with and my loneliness and anxieties and all the other thoughts spinning through my head like a bullet train on acid.

I'm hoping really hard that I don't snap one day and throw myself off a building. But so much time has been wasted, and is being wasted. The people I know from secondary school have moved on with their lives, made new friends, shared new experiences, found love, bettering their education, etc, and here I am, stuck, defeated, miserable, in pain, weary of life itself. And no one (other than my mum) cares. And with my enlistment coming up this year I think it's going to get even worse.

I don't wanna die but I also don't wanna live. I don't wanna live but I also don't wanna die. Does that make sense? I hope it does. 

I'm doing my best to just take it one day at a time, to just stay alive. It's pathetic, but I hope that's enough.

I wouldn't wish this illness on my worst enemy. I truly wouldn't.