Maybe there is hope.. Cross your fingers..My first language is not English, so please bear with me.. :)

I'm 36 and I've been following this subreddit for quite some time now. Mainly because I feel like a loser and a fake (in my own mind) and I've been thinking about ending it myself as long as I can remember. Suicide was always plan B.

I used to think that there was a connection between material possessions and happiness, but recently it occured to me: I was depressed and suicidal, when I made more than $100000 a year and I was depressed and suicidal, when I was in debt over my head as I am right now. Just one hour ago someone called me to ask me about some bill I didn't pay... This time it didn't really affect me that much.. Why?

So.. One morning, two weeks ago, I woke up actually shaking from anxiety and really out of my mind depressed - worse than I have probably ever felt. 

For the first time in many years, I went into the woods, it was raining heavily and I was actually scouting for a quiet place where I could lay undiscovered for a couple of days or more, but I don't know what happened. I was soaked, mud on my shoes, the green trees and the wind in my face. A deer suddenly crossed my path 10 meters in front of me and I saw a black snake of some kind crawling away to safety as I was walking along, once in a while a tiny small frog in the grass tried to dodge my feet. When I was in the army, I came to love nature even though it's a rough place and it doesn't really love you back. In that moment I just realized that I just love everything out there - a great big hurricane, howling winds, rain so thick you can't see, the force of it all just fills me with awe.. It all came back to me on that particular day - maybe because of my state of mind..

I still don't know what really happened and how my mind shifted so suddenly, but I had this overwhelming feeling that I had to go back and try again. I got out all the job application rejections I had received during the last months and replied to them. One in particular was an application from which I didn't even get a proper reply, so with my renewed energy on this particular day, I decided to write to the CEO of that company to explain my credentials and why they should consider hiring me.. I got an reply after a day or so and they wanted to see me after all - I had the jobinterview 6 hours ago and it went pretty good, but even if I don't get the job I'm probably going to do okay.

I still have very negative thoughts once in a while, but I really try to ignore them and push them in the background. I spend at least one hour in the woods every day now and I even bought a book to help me identify the plants and the herbs I might find out there and it seems to help me - far away from everything. If I lose my apartment or my car, then so be it. It doesn't re4ally matter to me right now. They are just things and they are not important right now.

Maybe that job I interviewed for will turn out okay or it won't. I hope it will - hence cross your fingers.. And maybe I'll descend into depression again - I don't know - but for the first time in years after spending 12-14 hours behind a computer every day, I think I have found the core of what really matters to me. It's not a specific thing - I just have this feeling again that I belong here in this world and that I need to mobilize a different plan B.

UPDATE: Everybody! I got the job!!! ... Actually they called while the real estate agent was having a look at my appartment.. Life is funny sometimes.. Best job ever - I get to continue the research I did in my own company the last 18 months, so it's perfect.. I won't earn that much as it is a small startup, but who cares.. I love you all! thanks!

Plan B will be different from now on - I hope.. :) ..

