I'm not sure if I'm supposed to be here.I wasn't going to post here because I don't think my condition is, you know, dire. But it's always on my mind.


I'm 20, graduated high school two years ago and then moved to Everett to be with my mother so that I could go to school and not have to make my money stretch as far. I was going into IT technology/Cybersecurity, not that I had an interest in it, but because I more or less knew a little more about computers than the average person. When the Coronavirus hit, my mother got laid off, and I was forced to move back to my hometown to try and figure something else.

 I'm not an efficient worker, no matter how much I try. I've tried different jobs, learning in different ways, etc. A big problem of mine is that I'm a very forgetful person, which is a death sentence in the work force. I'm currently struggling with my job as being a cook at a restaurant (Remembering orders, multitasking, the like). I can tell I'm slipping, and that's after I've improved about as much as I'm going to be able to. That doesn't mean I won't stop trying to get better--but I've been here before.

As far as education, I haven't touched it since the Coronavirus and I don't plan to. I've looked through countless potential careers, but none of them interest me in the slightest. Neither did my IT/Cybersecurity thing, once again I just went into because of the knowledge of it I had. Sure, I have hobbies, but none of them actually relate to anything in a career. I don't really feel depressed about any of this, and I'm not a sad person. I feel as though it would be more accurate to say I feel empty. Like something is wrong with me. I've considered suicide and I still do today, but it isn't because I'm depressed, or because I think something better is waiting on the other side.

I literally do not think I was meant to be here. I'm not a productive member of society, try as I might and, and the way my life is going-- I don't really see that changing any time in the future. I don't know what I want from this life. I'm not sure if there's anything life has to offer me that I'd actually want at all.

These thoughts have been annoying me for a while, and I didn't really know what to do with them. So I thought I would write them out for you guys.