Help and advice please bipolar disorderHellö my name is Christian I'm 26 I have bipolar disorder 

I don't take my medication as I cannot work while on them meds effect my concentration alot and I'm an electrician 
Sö i rely on concentrating to keep alive ... 

iv had problems since I was 14 or so 12 years approx 
Without blowing my own trumpet I'm a reasonaby cleaver boy  I'm talented with my hands I'm caring understanding and helpful I have 2 beautiful children who I love dearly seperated for two years 

The problem is thus last three years has been nothing but drama , 1 dead relationship and home lost , 3 grand parents died my farther died a year ago , cars been smashed up hit and run ... recently iv been through court proceedings for access to my kids . Two weeks ago my recent partner has been self harming 

My kids mother has insisted I leave work early a few points during the working week to see my children witch I enjoy but iv lost my work and been replaced by somebody who can work any God given hour 

So iv lost everybody I cared about .... the car I bourght with borrowed money from my bank is falling to bits I owe out about 5 or 6 k witch is nothing really but I cannot ern the money to pay it due to my child care arrangements 

I'm going down hard like a shot down spit fire ... I feel like I'm going to lose my value and respect due to being mentally I'll and not working .... my finances are bad I went from earning 750 pw to 350 pw and I just cannot do it anymore ...

So suicide ...

Every day of my life for over 10 years my brain has told me the easyest thing to do to fix it is relive the world of my presence that's my brains first awnsewer to fix it it hurts ö feel lost sad miserable tired and generally useless and unwanted 

The truth is I couldn't do it myself purely due to my children so accidentally would be great motor acident on my own or something like that .... 

My doctor doesn't understand and barely helps just prescribes me drugs I can't takeep due to them fucking me up 


Another idea is sleepers alcohol and hight temperature but I'm not sure on the amounts and refuse to wake up after a failed attempt I just feel like I want to go sleep and not really wake up that too me is basicly death .... 


I cannot keep living the way I am I'm scared in my own head it feels awfull  

If amy serial killers fancy practice drop me a line 

Otherwise I'm bound to fuck up proby end up in the nick or what ever ... I just want to end my suffering one way or another I feel like I need to reformat my brain hDD it's too active it neaver stops 27 years of misery I don't even live my life it's wasted it really is fed up of bipolar one minit I'm flying then iv crashed then I'm stuck low for ages 

They give me delouxatine I don't take 
And quitiapine witch I allso don't take
The only temporary thing that helps is cannabis but it's iligal and expensive 

Please no dick head time wasters and I don't need to hear how fuckING marvellous your life is 