Third time's the charm.Sorry for formatting I'm on mobile. 

I'm only 17 but I have been having suicidal thoughts for 5 years now. It started with just side comments of "Oh I'll kill myself if things don't go well." This then evolved from comments to an actual possibility I could take. I am currently in my senior year of high school which I doubt I will even graduate. Back in freshman year was when my urges were at its lowest. In recent years I've been struggling with coping with whatever the fuck I have. My therapist told me I showed symptoms of Bipolar II. Anyways, I've only attempted twice and the most recent one was during the second week of my senior year. I was discharged from therapy at the beginning of the new year due to not wanting to participate in group therapy. Prior to that I was planning on commiting again back in November. To go out with a bang I decided to present a poem at the writing club in my school. It received decent reception so I decided to stick with it for a bit. I met my current girlfriend due to that so it was pretty great. Now I'm waiting for the school poetry slam (which is this Thursday) to finish before I decide to kill myself. My grades have been at an all time low, I'm missing classes because I can't bring myself to get up in the morning, and when I do get up I get so scared of going to school surrounded by people that I just stay home and hide. I've disappointed my parents and siblings by not going to school. And my family is amazing I can't even blame them for how I turned out. I just feel sorry that they had to put up with me for all these years. I really don't deserve my family because of all they've done. Especially my dad, my dad is the most incredible person I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. But I just, I don't want to be a disappointment and I don't think I'll be able to redeem myself because of my mentality and how I think. I was contemplating on seeing a psychiatrist in the last month, but considering the fact that I got discharged within the last few months I don't think they will consider letting me get an appointment. It's not like I've got any skills going for me, all I've got is writing and video games, and neither are going to be helping me in life. Anyways after this week (maybe see Infinity War before I go) I'm going to head out to buy some rope and go to a nearby forest/woods because I don't want my family to be the ones to find my body. I can't bear the idea of that. I feel a bit guilty that next week is my dad's birthday. But oh well I can't feel anything when I'm gone right?

Wish me luck. 