I have to kill myselfI've finally decided that it is time. 

It's been something I've been considering for years, but I'm at the point where it's not something I want, but it is something I have to do. I cannot escape my broken brain and broken life.

Every male in my family had bipolar 1. After years of putting it I finally went to a psychiatrist last fall after my brother's best friend killed himself. My brother made me do it, and I was thankful. I started medication and it felt like it was giving me stability until my life kind of spiraled again.

I got married in a Christian conservative state when I was still in college. Our families were uncomfortable with the idea that we were living together and not married, so after pressure we decided to do it. We thought "God" wanted us together so we did it.

Our marriage was dead on arrival. At the time I had no idea I had bipolar. My wife and I rarely had sex because any time we started to be intimate I become uncomfortable and cringed. It made no sense because I loved her and was attracted to her.

Fast forward years, I'm completely poor and my wife makes 90k. Before medication it was so hard to keep a job. It took me a year and a half to find a job. And the job I got is the worst. The boss is a pig. We are months in and he hasn't given me a contract. He lied about pay. But I felt I had to stay for my wife so I did. I knew that she resented me for not having a job.

Anyway, our marriage was still pretty much dead. No common interests. We have no desire to raise our kids the same way. She wants to be close to family and have kids in the state I hate where I have no job opportunities. I told her I wasn't sure I wanted kids soon. And that was the final break for her. We split, but we didn't officially divorce yet.

While this was happening I met someone.
This girl seemed to be okay with my brain and my spontaneity. She supported my creativity. She thought I was hot and had a crush on me and made me finally feel like it was possible to be valued. She knew everything about my situation and still stuck by. Until yesterday. I got blindsided by her decision to not see me anymore because she felt she wasn't strong enough to hold out until I got out of my situation. I understand her decision, but I know divorce is a long very painful process that requires time and lawyers and whatever.

Through this I had some clarity. If I do have kids, the boys WILL have bipolar. My life is a pattern like this. I'm not even sure if this girl was part of a manic episode or not. I really don't know, but I do know that it's never going to be fixed. My brain can't be. I am broke. My job is ruining me. My brain is broken. I don't see a reason to continue. Death is inevitable, and I have felt this way about my life since puberty. It's just time to stop. I have zero desire to continue this path. Last night with this girl  set it in stone. I really felt was a perfect match. We had so much fun and so many feelings and so much passion that I haven't felt since the first girl I ever dated. We made all these plans for the future and she told me how she was in for the long haul. But it doesn't matter now, and it's just going to happen again eventually. I'm tired of the roller coaster.

I'm going to do it tonight. I just wanted to tell someone my story before. Thank you.