Debt and my Career are scaring me to point of giving up.I'm going to school for Flight. What I thought this meant was 4 years of learning how to fly, getting a relatively large amount of debt, but being able to pay this off because the industry and pay is "very rewarding right now". But that's so far from how it's actually going.

I've transferred 3 times. School A to School B to School A to School C. No, that's not a typo, I went back to a school I transferred from. Why? Honestly, that's a whole different issue and one I haven't even figured out. Point is, I'm now 3 years in with no Private Pilot's licence ( the most basic part) and just took a loan for $40,000. Off the top of my head, I don't know how much else I owe. But I know it will be so much more by the end of my college career. And speaking of college, I honestly could be here for another 2 years. A super super senior. When I was young, the idea of that was great to me. But now all I can see is the hole of debt I'm following deeper into. If I had just transferred from A to B, things would be much much better right now. But I didn't, and that decision haunts me. In fact, every thing I do haunts me because I can only think of the past and how I could have some how avoided all this. 

Then there's the career. "There's a pilot shortage" they told me. "once you have your commercial licence you'll have no problem paying everything back." What fucking bullshit that was. Everything I've read tells me the opposite. The only shortage is the shortage of in debt pilots willing to (maybe) fly sometimes for a wage that would qualify them for food stamps. But hey, lets says I get lucky and I'm at least flying (which I haven't done for the last semester because school A fucking blows and which I won't get to do this semester  at School C because I got into late. Just my luck, the only thing that made me feel like I was getting shit done, I can't do till 2016). It's still low pay and ridiculous times that I would work at. How am I suppose to ever maintain a relationship coming home at 3am weekdays making jack shit and hoping that I don't get furloughed (Because if that happens, my degree basically will say I have no other marketable skill besides flying).

And on top of that, I literally can't stop thinking about my ex and its been a fucking a year......or maybe I have idk. But every time I get angry or scared or think about things like this I envision her to help calm me down. I don't even think she has anything to do with this but I mentioned her so I leave this here. 

So **TL:DR Lets recap. I'm going to be 200,000+ in debt. I very well may be in school much longer then I should have been BECAUSE I kept bouncing around schools. My career, and the only thing I have any interest in and am even a little bit good at is apparently shit for the first 10 years. And for those 10 years I'll most likely be alone and living at my parents house. I 2nd guess everything I've done and can stop criticising myself for making the decision that led me to where I am BECAUSE I know for a fact that if I had just done a few things differently, things wouldn't be nearly as bad.**

There is a small good side. I have made quite a bit of friends, and seen a few different parts of the country. And my parents love that my little "college tour" because they get to come visit me at all these grand schools. But after a while...none of that matters. I'm currently not flying, I'm not motivated, I'm alone (as far as a relationship goes) and I'm afraid of my future. I want to fucking cry in someone's arms about this whole thing. And then I start think about how nice it will be if someone told me I could start over by killing myself. 