Putting my plan in motionI’ve been depressed for almost 2 years now. Been in a on and off relationship for the past 4 years. The woman I love left me and has since blocked me on everything and won’t respond to any of my messages. She finally broke things off completely because I admitted that I wanted to kill myself because of the pain I carry from us being apart. She told me that she couldn’t deal with my manipulation anymore. Playing her feelings. But I wasn’t trying too. I was being honest with my feelings. Now after 5 months of no contact I just can’t handle it anymore. I feel despair and like a failure for losing her. I’m 27, down to 90lbs, and can barely look at myself in the mirror without being disgusted with myself. Since the beginning of the year I lost her, my job, my car, my apartment and now I’m living with my parents again. I’ve tried medication, going to in patient facilities and talking to my parents but I just can’t see the light. So I finally decided to sell anything of value I have and put that money towards getting a gun. I’m currently in the process of selling things to get enough money. I’ve found sites like armslist and texasguntrader that have listings for guns where you can meet up with someone to buy kinda Craigslist style. Once I get the gun I plan on going somewhere peaceful outside and enjoy my last moments starring at the stars. My depression is so bad that my dad told me he’s going to buy me another car but I don’t even want it. I’m hoping I can carry out my plan before he wastes the money. I could win the lottery with the damn mega ball and cash option and still wouldn’t make me crack a smile or see a glimmer of hope. I’m old enough to realize that material things won’t give me happiness but rather the connections I have with others. But the only connection I care about having is with my ex. I wanted to marry her, buy us a house, and have children together. But I lost her and know she’s never coming back to me ever again. I just want the pain I have in my heart and mind to go away. I’ve tried before to get over her and I already know that I’m not able to. I hope she’s happy and has a life that she’s always dreamed of. She’s a great woman and so beautiful inside and out. Hopefully wherever I go after this I can watch over her and be her guardian angel.