Planning an attempt always feels like so much work but I cant leave yet. Just a little left. Does anyone else feel like they have to get their shit together a bit before they can kill themselves so your death isn't such a bomb? I've been having terrible suicidal ideation lately. I've been on this sub a lot. This is my second time posting today but my journal seems pointless. No one will ever know how I feel. 

  I think one of the things I need to do is fully clean out my room. Theres just a lot of things I think they'd find that would make my death harder, they dont need to know about the drug abuse. They dont have to know about the stealing. They dont have to know about the cutting. The writings and ramblings of when I go to far off the edge. My parents wouldn't have to know how little I take care of myself. Its n ok t just things i have to throw away depression makes me so messy and no one should have to clean up my garbage. Even If I never thought my parents really cared for me I acknowledge that I'm still going to be putting them through yet another child (trying anyways to) offing themselves. I dont think they'd be to surprised as I'm transgender (ftm) they've never really accepted me so I never really had a relationship with them (I came out right when I turned 13 and there disapproval lead to a really really bad self harm habit) now years later I dont hold it against them as much but it's definitely not what most people have.

  I need to let my boyfriend know how much I care about him. If I can even do that anymore. Having people not trust me makes me not trust them. Not intentionally never ever intentionally it's just now I dont see why he would stay with me. Now I'm unsure of what he even gets out of me other then sex and probably annoyance. I love him to fucking death though. Hes never hurt me intentionally, hes always been kind and even in the worst situations he tries to understand me. I want him to have at least a few more good memories of me. If he can even stand me anymore. which I wouldn't blame him if he couldn't.

 Lastly my brother. He thinks suicide is for the weak. When my our oldest brother tried killing himself my brother expressed that he did this for more of my parents attention. Dont take it to far though, he suffers from depression and I think hes disapproval is more from fear then his actual views. One night when my whole family was against me I was in ruins I couldn't control it I was crying and yelling and throwing things not at anyone just in my room alone. I yelled that all I wanted was to die and that if everyone hated me so much I'd give them what they wanted and my brother yelled at me to shut the fuck up because he was trying to have a fun night drinking. I dont think I've felt close to my brother since then but hes still one of my best friends. The second person I ever came out to and the only one in my whole family who accepted me for being trans. I know he wont understand when i do it and hell be angry but hell say these comments like "if you really wanted to kill yourself youd do it by now" and that just pushes me over the edge. But anyways I'd like him to have good memories with me too.

  I dont know what I'll do when I'll do it but everyday this invisible plan just gets put more and more togther.