The sun can’t shine forever.I’m 26 years old. I’ve made it through abuse. 4 years sober from opiate addiction after selling opiates for years after I got kicked out the week after high school graduation. Was homeless for a while then. My papaw, who I looked up to, shot himself when I was 16. My drug addicted biological father drove into a tree and died the same year. Been fighting depression my whole life &amp; trauma/ptsd. This past year I was finally on the path I wanted to be. I have a girlfriend who loves me and has for almost 5 years now. She pulled me out of addiction &amp; has never messed with drugs. She got her masters degree and is now a therapist who has been trying to help me deal with my trauma. I forgave my adoptive dad for what he put me through and we have a good relationship as well as the rest of my family now. 
I was finally feeling happy the past few years even with depression...if that makes sense. I’m in Barber school and one of the top 25 my teacher said he’d ever had, which spoke volumes to me since he’s owned and ran the college for 30+ years, I was even the one teaching my classmates. Only a few months of school left for me to graduate. I work the job I love at a vape shop, building coils, to make people healthier. I hadn’t thought of suicide in years now. I never thought I was worth a shit but I slowly was being shown I was. As my girlfriend would tell me, I survived my struggles &amp; now I can be happy. But as I found out...the sun can only shine for so long. 
June 5th of this year, a Tuesday, I woke up late for class so I hurried to get showered and ready. I don’t remember much of that day now but I do remember some. Tuesday was our Monday so I had worked late the night before and overslept. By the time I was heading to my car it was 7:30. Class starts at 8:00 and goes till 4:30 p.m. &amp; is a 45 minute drive from my town to a bigger city. I had to get gas also so I was in a rush. The gas station was only 2 miles away. I drove down the parkway towards the gas station at 70mph (speed limit is 65mph) without my seatbelt on cause I was in a hurry. It was sunny and warm, the fresh air smelled great and I knew it had to be a good day. I got a mile down the parkway in the fast lane...then the next thing I remember was someone saying “I’ve called 911, the ambulance is coming. Who can I call for you?” 
Immediately I remembered my moms phone number (I lived with her and my adoptive dad &amp; little sister so I could get back on my feet) So I gave him her number and asked what happened. The next memory of that morning I have is the helicopter noises. The next memory is 3 days later in pain I have never felt, on my way to my second set of surgeries. 20 hours of surgery total, lots of blood transfusions and 5 days until I can remember anything more. 
A Semi truck wasn’t looking that morning and pulled straight into the fast lane in front of me. I hit them at  70mph. Nobody understands how I didn’t die. My engine was pushed through the dash causing me to be stuck. My right hip &amp; pelvis was shattered, my left hip &amp; pelvis severely broke. My dominant hand, the right one, broken along with my right wrist and thumb. A broken nose, my right knee bashed open exposing my knee cap &amp; a lot of glass in my face. 
It’s been 2 months now &amp; im still in a hospital bed in my parents front room. I can’t walk or bear weight but can sit up in my wheelchair for a half hour or so. I have to learn to walk again when the time comes but it’s all seemed so far away. Last month my X-rays showed my hip muscles are turning to bone which may require more surgery if I can’t get it stopped. I’m in constant pain &amp; supposed to take pain medication &amp; muscle relaxers 3 times a day along with a lot more medications. I fought to get away from opiates and now I’m forced back on them. I will more than likely not recover enough to be a barber now because of needing full motion of my right hand &amp; needing to stand all day. I have hated myself for waking up late that morning everyday now. My struggle didn’t end like I thought, it became harder and worse. I am forced to lay here watching life move on for everyone else but stand still for me. I wish I didn’t survive now &amp; I want to end it all now. Today was all I could take and I don’t know if I can struggle anymore. I tried to be positive &amp; strong but I’m tired of having to be strong. The shoes that I have walked miles of my life in have no more soles from the weight I’ve had to carry &amp; the road feels like it’s at an end. I don’t know how to start again. I don’t know how to smile. I don’t know how to want to live when this isn’t living. I’m crying out for help and I feel like no one has listened. 
My other traumas have come back, most that I made myself forget. The night terrors are killing me &amp; im terrified to sleep for I don’t know what I’ll see in my dreams. I’ve always told myself that I’m needed on this planet &amp; I might not know why yet but I’ll find out one day, that I’m strong enough to stay and fight another day. But what if I’ve just prolonged the inevitable. The sad truth that the sun will shine brighter for everyone who knows me if I go. Because everybody has had to take care of me through this and I’m wearing them thin, drowning them with me. 

I don’t think I can make it through this. 