It's on nights like tonight, when the snow really comes down, when I think about how easy it would be to die in a car "accident"I just wanna die. That's it, I'm over it. Don't give me the platitudes, and yes that includes you and whatever saying you were about to type. My life won't get better, and people don't get it. I'm only living for other peoples' convenience. I bear the pain so they don't have to.



Everyone says "if you're still here that must be something still worthwhile!"


No there isn't. Nothing at all, nobody and nothing is worthwhile. Do you want to know the reason I'm still alive? The one and only sole reason? I repeat, the *only* reason I'm still alive: fear of a failed attempt. When I do it I'm gonna do it right and it's way harder than most people think. I'm not here because anyone would miss me, or there are things left I wanna do, or because I have any hope. Just can't afford to attempt suicide and not actually die. Lethality of my method is key and failure isn't an option. That takes a LOT to plan. I've never planned something so meticulously as my own suicide. I've done all the research and the math, working on getting the things I need and then that'll be it.



But then I also think of nights like tonight when there's a huge snowstorm, accidental deaths and car crashes everywhere, that that could be me. I could have an "accident" out of nowhere and nobody would even need to know I ever killed myself. They really wouldn't think I did. Nobody in my life has any reason to suspect that I'd kill myself. They think I'm fine, just another worker drone thankful for the gift of life.



I'm smart enough to know that I can't do it that way. There's too high a chance of survival and then I'd just be fucked up and probably with no car, therefore no job, probably end up homeless, etc. No bueno. Some EMTs would brave the cold and be the heros, forcing someone to stay alive when literally all they want is death. Save somebody else! Don't waste your time.



But no. That's why my plan involves a cover story (I camp a lot, me disappearing for even like a week+ is normal) so I take vacation time from work, tell everyone I'm away on a camping trip, and just quietly go end the pain. Nobody would think anything of it for a few days and by then I'd be long gone. The lethality of my method combined with nobody thinking they needed to send help means no hero would be able to revive me and force me back to misery.



Hopefully I only have to make it until the spring, and I KNOW I have to wait for the best chance of success. But it's so tempting to just rush and do it now. It's like that experiment where they leave kids in a room with a piece of candy and say they'll get 2 pieces if they wait to eat it, but they never do. I'm trying to wait for my 2 pieces. And no that doesn't mean I'm holding on because I wanna live longer, I'm waiting because I *don't* want to live longer. I can't have a failed attempt, it's gonna be one and done. I don't want to make a suicidal gesture or a cry for help, I want to *die.* That's it. That's why no matter how tempting it might be to kill myself early, I'd probably fail. I have to be patient.