I'm tired. 17 year old girl, senior in high school. 

I am so sick of it all. All I do is think and analyze everything...it's as if there are two parts of me and one is always telling me I am not good enough: not thin or pretty or smart enough...and the other part of me is telling me that it's okay, that it's unrealistic to expect so many things from myself. I really can't take it anymore. 

I used to have an eating disorder (not specifically diagnosed, my parents never sent me to a doctor because that would cost money), but I failed at that too. Now it's just too difficult to starve myself to the extent that I did before and still keep my grades up. I hardly ever speak to my parents because, well, I can't even begin to explain the mindfuckery behind it all. I'll be honest and admit that I don't make it easy on my mother (not applicable to my dad, because he doesn't give a fuck about me), and can be quite nasty. I don't know why I do these things. 

I'm fairly certain at times my parents just want to be rid of me. 
My mother only ever talks to me by email now...and she is now forcing me to get birth control pills because she believes I have PMDD...it's embarrassing and insulting to me. What if she's wrong? Can't I just be depressed? Getting on birth control won't make my problems disappear. I'll still hate school and believe I'm not good enough. I'll still think I'm ugly and wish I could be a skeleton...I'll still cut myself. And my problems with my mother won't go away because of some magic pill. There is no quick fix. Well...I mean, not one that leaves me alive. 

I desperately want someone important in my life, but I push away any guy that comes near me. I can't let them find out how messed up I am...I know I'll screw up somehow. I also feel too repulsive to allow anyone close. In a way it disgusts me that guys find me sexually attractive...so much so that I feel sick to my stomach. It's strange because I also have little respect for my body. I don't even know. I just can't accept affection, though I do want it. 

I have no future. I don't want to live the rest of my life like this. I also have no interest in college. I get scholarship notifications and applied to a prestigious school after being sent a special application, but my mother doesn't believe I will get a large enough scholarship to be able to afford going. She discouraged me from pursuing art (the only thing I'm remotely interested in) and really just wants me to go to community college. With my nearly perfect GPA and high ACT score, I can do better. If I go to community college, I'll definitely kill myself. I can't believe I'm still alive to begin with. I had the lethal dosage of pills ready this summer...

What am I supposed to do?

