It's night and I feel so incredible lonely, and suicidalIt's night and I feel so incredible lonely, and suicidal. There is no one in real life that knows how I feel and what I have to go trough everyday. I don't know even how to describe it. It's like my family doesn't want to take any responsibility, and they laugh about serious problems or feelings. They don't want to take responsibility for anything, like nothing is going wrong, they just ignored it. Everybody lives his own life and they don't ask what I am doing, or how I am, even when they   
 that I am crying or when I am down. They say stuff like:" Yeah, you are so quiet, and isolated". And that's it.

Sometimes they just look at me when they notice I look sad, or I get a quick hug and then they are quiet and say:" We can't help you, we don't know what to do when you are sad". That makes me feel rejected and alienated. It's like they see there is something going on with me, but they don't have a qlue what to do with me. 

That makes me so incredible lonely, I had to raise myself al those years, and trying to keep going. But my parents, in many ways hold me back, and it's not easy to talk to them. It's work, getting a house, trying to get friends.

In my parents eyes, that doesn't count, Life, they don't know what to do about it. but to me it does. Before my depression I had so many ideas and plans for the future. Everytime they promise to help me and when the time is there, suddenly they come with other explanations why it does not continue.

I mean my work was my passion, the one thing that I loved. unfortunately I am depend on my family, because they would help me set something up.  I can not always do everything alone

Everything!! What others learned on an early age, I had to learn everything myself, I coudn't learn it from them? 

They where not an example and still they can't help me. 

It's so easy to say: "Do this, do that". well life isn't so easy, and not everyone is the same and has the same life.

Some people are really alone, even if they have friends or people who live with them. 

I mean I sound harsh about my parents and family, I mean, isn't not that they are mean to me, and we can laugh and make jokes. But if it's about serious stuff, they don't know what to do or how to react? And they ignore it. 

Most of the time when we (me and my parents) visit other family members, they talk to each other, but not to me, and believe me I tried everything, but it's like they don't take me serious? When I say something, they look weird at me or they don't say anything back. Even if they ask me a question, and I anwser back, they don't listen anymore.

Sometimes when I am alone at my grandparents, they gossip about me when I go to the toilet. And when I am back in the room, they are suddenly silent and they look at me weird? Sometimes I feel like an alien, like I am from another planet. I just do not belong here in this family and this world.

You know how it hurts when they reject you? And the way they treat me sometimes, it makes me so incredibly depressed.

If they only knew how I would really feel, that I want to kill myself everyday. I think about it constantly. Can't hardly sleep, hardly eat, I have no engery. I still try to do things, make things, create things. 

It's so hard but the depression is so strong. And the worst part is, it's in my head, only in my head. So nobody sees it, nobody feels it, nobody experience what I feel in my head. That makes me even more lonely. Depression is so difficult to explain, it's very complicated.

That's what I had on my mind, it really bothers me.

I just need to write my feelings down, 

It helped a bit.