I'm Having a Hard time CopingI don't know if there's a better place for this.  Every time I search for the topic in the subreddits, it brings up a bunch of fetish subs, and I get disgusted, and stop looking.

I'm not seriously considering it, I don't think, but it comes to my head at least once a day.  Oftentimes more.  It flits in, and I ask myself, "what was that?"  Sometimes I realize I'm picturing it.  I feel like I'm literally going crazy.

Several months ago, I ended a 2 year long relationship.  When I look back on it now, I think, "How was I so fucking blind; so fucking stupid?" He was very abusive.  It started out just psychologically.  I can even look back early on and see him vetting me for it. It makes me sick.  He'd find little ways to push my tolerance line back.  It'd be over seemingly nothing.  I'd concede, and next time he'd toe the line a bit further back, and then further, until I couldn't even see it anymore; until I was so meek that I was nothing more than what he told me I was.  I don't know how it got out of control so quickly.  And that's when he knew he could swoop in with the other abuse. I'd wake up in the middle of the night to him shoving down on me, pinning me, forcing himself inside of me.  I thought I was dreaming, but then realized I wasn't.  I'd be bleary-eyed and stunned wondering, "Did I initiate? I must have. Why else would this be happening?" When that became the norm, it escalated quickly.  Anytime.  Cooking dinner? He'd slam my head onto the counter so hard I'd see stars.  So stunned by it that I didn't even realize that somewhere in there he'd pulled my pants down.  This continued.  I couldn't even take a shower in the morning, or watch the news while I ate my breakfast and feel safe.  Finally I met with a friend over lunch to tell someone about it. Please, for the love of everything, dear friend, help me.  He didn't know where I was going, but knew something was up; tried to tell me I wasn't allowed to leave.  I told him I was just meeting with a friend.  Then it turned into him screaming about me going to see another man, and calling me a slut. I left and went to lunch anyways.  In the 90 minutes it took me to drive into town and eat lunch, I had received 117 text messages.  The "I know what you're doing, you fucking whore," turned into "Aren't you scared that I'm alone in your house with your dog?"  My friend told me what I already knew.  I think I just needed to hear it.  For someone to just say it - to tell me what to do because I hadn't had the power to do or be or think anything for myself for so long.  I think I knew that, and that I purposely sought out someone that would do that for me.  I told him that if he was still there when I got back that I would call the police.  His name wasn't on the lease, anyways.  When I got back, he was gone, but the texts weren't.  They continued.  I spoke my peace.  I told him that I'm not an idiot.  That I know what he's been doing is rape.  It then turned into, "I can't believe you think that.  I would never do that to you.  I love you," which turned into "You know you loved it when I'd play around like that."  It fucking makes me ill to think about.  I blocked his number.  Then the emails started.  I changed my email address, and it's been a couple of months since I've heard from him.

Significant other rape is a bitch.  You can't believe that someone that claims to care about you, who you actively and willingly were engaging in sex with could do that.  "Is that even possible? If it was willing at one point, where is the line where it's not anymore? But this person said they loved me, and maybe I misread what was happening?"

I can't cope with it.  I moved. I bought a new bed.  New couch.  But it all feels the same.  I go to bed every night, and I can almost picture it happening; can almost hear the awful things he would say to me during it; can almost feel it.  I don't sleep much.  I just rock on my side in bed and cry, and wonder why I can't just go to bed like a normal person.  The couch is the same.  The floor.  It doesn't matter.  He's there still.  When I do finally fall asleep, I wake up gasping.  It's like he's jerking me up again, pinning me down.  And then we start again, until the sun comes up.  Sometimes I get physically ill.  I don't eat.  I don't even notice that I'm doing it until I feel faint.  Then I have to think.  "When was the last time I ate?"  It's often four or more days prior.  I choke something down, and sometimes it just comes back up.  I feel like I'm on the fast track to the mental health commitment ward.

I went to counseling.  I know I probably need more.  My EAP ran out, though, and I can't afford it.  I make too much money for the low cost/sliding scale places, have high-deductible insurance, and pay out more than I make each month.

I've isolated myself so much.  I haven't seen my friends or family in months.  I moved to another place, further in the country, and sometimes I wonder if I moved here to die.  I tried to talk to a friend last night; to reach out to someone.  The same friend, actually.  I hadn't seen her since June, shortly after he'd left.  I had tried to call her before, but she didn't answer or return my call; just texted me days later if I wanted to buy stuff from her kid's fundraiser once.  I told her I needed someone to talk to, and we set a date for Friday.  She decided that it was, apparently, the perfect time for me to meet her new significant other for the first time... I didn't feel comfortable talking with a male stranger in the room, so I just made awkward conversation, while my friend said how annoying it is that he's with her for the weekend and she's having to share her time with him with everyone else (hint hint, just leave already...).  We've been close for years.  I was crushed.  I left, and didn't even make it to my car before the tears started overflowing.  I found myself hours later on a dirt road, just stopped, close to 120 miles from my house, wondering what to do.

I don't know why I'm here.  I just needed to talk to someone. Anyone.  I tried.  I finally tried to reach out to someone, and I was treated like a nuisance.  I'm so lost.