All my friends are dead.I don't know where to start. I'll just inform you guys that I'm a teenager to start, I guess. So, my friends were all a group and I was a part of it. We had eight people, including me. I obviously didn't have many friends, but I was content with what I had. A couple people had depression but fought it for a while and things seemed all good, when suddenly one guy took his life. His girlfriend did after that, then her best friend, and it spread around quickly. Just a few weeks ago the last one took his life and I'm the only one left, and I really just want to join them. I've tried once - unfortunately, I failed. I can't even get that right.

I've contacted people about this urge before and no body I know cares. My "friends" have laughed at me for it. My mother has lectured me about how things only get worse. My girlfriend doesn't seem to care. She'll help anyone but me with their problems; when I come along and ask to talk, she won't do anything. She's the only thing keeping me from taking my life, I love her and whether or not she cares I'm scared to hurt her. Taking my life is a selfish move but I want to see my friends again.

You can choose not to believe me if you want, after all, my "friends" and people I know just won't believe any of this. This is the truth and if you don't believe it like the others then you can leave without doing anything here. I just don't know what to do anymore, seven of my closest friends have taken their own lives and it's screwed me up. I'm just ready to die, I have the urge to cut and I've done that recently but the urge to take my life is stronger. I want to end my life soon. I know nobody would care. I'm worthless to the world, I'm nothing. This is the last place I can think to go, my friends don't give a crap and my girlfriend doesn't seem to either so I'm just gonna try this... Thank you for reading this, I just want this off my chest and out there. I'm sorry for the wall of text, I just had to get this out.