My life has gotten to be too much to handle &amp; I just can't go on. I'm tired of pretending &amp; living a lie with no one left to turn to. This is my story.My story is a fairly long one, I am extremely appreciative of any of you who bother to read this in its entirety.

I'll start with some background. I'm an 18 year old transgirl with ADD, depression, &amp; anxiety in my senior year of high school. My mom has been diagnosed with a thyroid problem since I was a toddler. Her thyroid causes her to do things like go into intense crying fits at home, say pretty hurtful things like calling me worthless or an abomination (which she later says she didn't mean), and possibly contributing to suicidal thoughts she voices. However I still love my mother &amp; don't blame her too much for the way she acts, she can just be incredibly hard to deal with.

While I didn't have many friends in my early years of life because I didn't fit in with "the guys" (didn't want to either) &amp; other girls just saw me as a guy. In junior high I began making more friends because it was around the time the social barrier between the sexes went down. While I had many friends at the time I still felt like something was wrong &amp; deeply just wanted to be "one of the girls." Throughout junior high I was in an emo phase &amp; wanted to be cute in a feminine kind of way while guys my age were doing their own thing &amp; most other girls just thought I was weird. I was pretty socially awkward at the time (still kinda am, though not as much) but it only amplified in high school like most, however I always felt like it was due to the way my outside just didn't match with how I felt inside.

Throughout the first two years of high school I felt like I didn't belong anywhere &amp; had the heavy burden of a depression that stuck with me since I was around 8. Things looked bleak despite making some fairly close friends. However, towards the end of my sophomore year I met a girl named Alecia who was pretty rude to me at first but would quickly become the best friend I ever had after we learned how close we lived to each other. I've never known anyone else like her, she was almost always really happy/laughing, her positivity was really contagious, she looked at just about everything with an open mind, was probably the most mature (though not uptight), hardworking person I knew at the time. She would make the loneliness I'd felt since I was a child just disappear. Coming by to see me on her bike just so we could hang out. She didn't see the way I was weird as uncomfortable, She would embrace it. We would talk to each other about anything &amp; everything, whenever we wanted. Despite having such an admirable outlook on life she had a pretty rough life.

Alecia liked queer culture/feminism &amp; I would act completely against it, until one day I just told her that I thought I could be trans because of the way I felt. She didn't push me into anything but she gave me her full support &amp; helped me cope with it in any way she could (mainly through giving me clothes that would help me cope with dysphoria). She helped me come out to all my friends &amp; helped me decide on the name I still go by today. Everything seemed great, until I decided to come out to my conservative religious parents. This is still my biggest regret because it led to my life being completely torn apart. My parents were really angry at me for telling them the truth about who I am &amp; blamed demons due to denial.

When I turned 17 Alecia threw me a surprise party she organized &amp; baked a cake for with my other best friend at the time (that would soon cut me out of her life &amp; wat nothing to do with me while trying to make me feel terrible about myself) &amp; girlfriend at the time because I told her that no one had ever really done anything special for my birthday. Eventually, my parents found out that Alecia was supporting me. Found &amp; took all my female clothes. Destroyed anything that Alecia made for me or that they saw as a catalyst for demons (including some paintings Alecia had made me &amp; a painting from a field trip we went on together). I would run away for hours around the time. They went from loving Alecia to hating anything to do with her because they thought she made me trans. Soon after, my parents took my phone &amp; Internet access because they thought they were potential demon catalysts.

My parents would still let me talk to my girlfriend at the time because they saw I was at the lowest point in my life. Despite only seeing how everything affected them. Alecia still wanted to help me so she filed a CPS report with me on my parents, it led to them being investigated &amp; making them furious. While my parents were being investigated she had one of her other friends let me stay with them. My parents convinced me to go back home after manipulating me &amp; giving me a shitty deal which involved not destroying the female clothes I had. Afterwards, my parents threatened to deport her only living parent. Which is when Alecia just couldn't stick with me anymore &amp; left. Which I don't blame her for. I gave all my time &amp; attention to my girlfriend at the time because I had lost anyone else really close to me as well. The girl I was with at the time broke up with me at the start of my senior year because of how depressed &amp; lonely I was, which left me completely devastated because I didn't really have anyone left. Although I got a phone/ internet access again around the same time. Another friend I was pretty close to before named Anna came back into my life after around a month of the breakup. She hadn't said anything or replied to me since I had lost most contact with people, but she just called me one day out of nowhere telling me about how she couldn't handle college (she's a year older). We became kind of like "best friends" for a while &amp; would be there for each other when we were down (she also talked me down from an earlier suicide attempt). I eventually told her I had a crush on her after she stopped seeing someone who didn't treat her well (which I even told her at the time was really just linked to a lack of connection in my life). She's never really talked to me again. I've once again gotten new close friends &amp; some female clothes but i'm just tired of it all. I've been talking to a really nice girl named Lilly lately who also lives near me but I feel like i'm keeping myself from getting too close. Pushing away everyone who I become close to, living a complete lie after going back in the closet with my parents, &amp; being a burden on everyone. My grades have really been slipping while I have no motivation to do nearly anything. I still have so many things to do like applying for college, getting my driver's license, getting a job, &amp; I filled in any scholarships because my spirits been nearly completely drained for the past year or so. I don't really want to die because I still feel like I have things I need to take care of first like trying to fix up my body the way I want it to be, I really just wish I could escape this reality more than anything most of the time.

Thank you so much if you've read this far. I guess I just felt like talking about my life story in case I end my life soon.