Bored with my life.I'm 15, and quite simply, I'm bored with my life.

For the last few weeks, I feel no emotion whatsoever, my interests such as video games now don't interest me anymore, apart from music, I want to be a vocalist and a guitarist, I'm okay at singing, I'm in the beginner stage of learning guitar, I want to start a band and hopefully I make a living off creating music. But even then when I hit the lowest of the lows I feel I can't even do that. Music means a lot to me recently, I have escaped my reality of constant boredom and days where I feel like complete shit with listening to high bass, heavy rock such bands like the Foo Fighters and Nirvana. Kurt Cobain and Dave Grohl are the reasons why I want to have a career in music, Cobain being the main influence, and it's fortunate that I discovered his work only a few months ago before the shit has really hit the fan. If I created my own music, it'll be grunge, heavily influenced by Nirvana, and hopefully I'll make it big. The music I would create would hopefully give off the same effect as Nirvana's work. I want to be just like Cobain.
But that's where drugs come into it, Cobain was notorious with drugs, and his attitude was to not care about anything, when I listen to Nirvana I don't care either, their music is so powerful that I completely lose my head and enter a high just off listening to them. It sends me into extreme euphoria, I can't think straight, I have 'tics' of sudden movement as if I had Tourettes, I don't care about anything, I'm completely zoned out, just like Cobain. Apparently this effect of music is similar to the effects of cannabis and ecstasy according to Google, I ain't surprised. It takes a while for me to enter this state of mind, and I want to achieve this quicker, so I'm considering using drugs, legal and illegal. Right now I don't care about my physical health so that barrier ain't there, I just want to lose my head. But I can't obtain these drugs. I've tried alcohol as well, with sudden desires to drink until I'm completely pissed out of my head here and there. I feel like Cobain is the reason why I want to do drugs.
I have made a claim that I'll die before I'm 30 no matter what I do, I assume I'll take drugs if I do make it big. I'll probably become sick of drugs, and do exactly what Cobain did. Or let the drugs just kill me anyway. And if I don't even make it big, life wouldn't be worth it at all.

Another thing, as I'm in Year 11 I have extreme stress about my studies, I've just started serious revision, for my exams (UK) in a few months time. I have zero motivation to even do these studies and I feel like getting these grades and A-levels will mean absolutely nothing to me. I don't want to work in an office (my chosen studies will make for a job where I most likely will work in an office), I just want to go out and have fun all my life, it doesn't check out with reality, but I don't want to accept that I'll be working for some greedy corporation all my life. I feel like money won't mean shit to me, and right now it means nothing anyway.

I'm talking to this girl as well, she really cares about me and I care about her, we friends now but I don't know if I'm ready for a relationship. I'm trying to get through to her about me as a person. When I feel like complete shit I don't want to talk to anyone, and I feel like shit most the time. She is slowly accepting this but I'm unsure if I want to actually want a relationship or not. I'm a quiet guy in general, I'm not really social in the first place but I'm starting to come out of my shell a bit more. By the way I'm diagnosed with Aspergers, but I refuse to let that be a boundary. Anyway, she's really nice and everything, but having a girlfriend will send me into the unknown, I guess I need one and someone to be there for me, but I don't know if I'll actually be bothered for a relationship 100% of the time. I've never had a girlfriend by the way.
I only spend most my time in my bedroom and browse social media, occasionally playing the guitar here and there. So having a girlfriend will change my daily routine, I'll go out more, I don't know if I can accept that though.

I don't know what to do really. I'm just so bored with everything. I've tried finding new interests but I have either no motivation or it's too expensive. But I just feel like I want to die most the time.