This is my first post on Reddit. I didn't want to waste it on something mundane.Hi
My name is Emily. I live in New Zealand. I have plans to kill myself.
I have experienced post traumatic stress disorder since I was 8 years old. 

I have an accepted claim with national insurance scheme, the Accident Compensation Corporation (ACC). I am covered by this because from the ages of 3 to 8 I was the victim of sexual crimes. This cover means that legally I am entitled to counselling and and any treatment for the mental illnesses that were caused by this abuse.

Unfortunately, the ACC spend more money on denying claimants treatment, than they do on recovery. They told me in April that I cannot continue counselling because my risk of self harm or suicide is high. I was referred to a community mental health centre. The team there believes that treatment is not important. I have received no treatment since April, apart from medication prescribing and occasional reviews with the psychiatrist regarding medication.

I have a key worker (care coordintor) named Judy-Anne Dentice. She has been extremely unhelpful. She is overbearing, interrupts constantly, tells me that I make things up to get people to believe my story, and has sabotaged all my attempts to get counselling. She has outright told me that my rights don't matter, and that certain people do not like me. My rights should be protected by law, and whether a clinician likes me or dislikes me should have zero bearing on my treatment.

I fought for months to get the help I believed was possible. I am done fighting now and I have realized that under this system I will never have access to treatment.

My quality of life is below the threshold required for surviving. I began making tentative plans to die several months ago. I made a will. I have set emails to automatically send on a certain date. I have archived the innappropiate contact with the mental health system and it will become public after I die.

I have told numerous people of my plans. Some are very angry at me, but most feel sorry for me and cannot understand why the mental health system values my life so cheaply. I am very sorry for my family, but I know their lives will be more fulfilling without me. I am s burden. I am trouble. Being around someone as sick as me is a drain.

I've tried everything I can, and I have come to the realization that I am not meant to be alive any longer. My voice will be heard in death. When I am dead, I will get the attention I needed in life. It will be too late for me, but it will help others. It will be investigated.

I have made many documents asking for help, but this will be my last statement, and I have recorded this too.

Thank you to all who have read my statement. 