I've posted here before, but its never been this bad, venting, could really use some advice thanksHey guys, I just finished a year of college (of which I barely passed). During the time spent away from home I've realized that my parents are somewhat narcissistic, my mother can only express affection by saying that she loves me because "I am a part of her", that affection can only be expressed by creating as much anxiety, frenzy, terror, about my well being (overbearing). My father forced me into certain classes, sports, screaming his head off, etc. My mother is just extremely insecure, my father doesn't understand boundaries or other people's emotions. 

I don't think I could even articulate how much I don't see myself as a separate person, I've been thinking about suicide since 8th grade but didn't really realize how much it could affect me. I'm so masochistic I prefer to force myself to stare at a wall for as long as I can because I don't 'deserve' feeling emotion or pride, because I've fucked up in college and in high school, because I have no motivation nor have I ever had motivation, or friendships that have lasted more than 2 years. I don't trust anyone. Being with my parents, all the time, with no boundaries, for so many years has turned me into this cynical stoic, paranoid of anyone talking to me. I have no energy anymore, can't even focus on reading this book that I really like. Does anyone else know the feeling of not having anyone understand you? I've never had a genuine connection, although I must have at one point because I feel the loss and this gaping hole that will never, ever go away. Don't have access to drugs anymore. I have no memory of wanting to be around people, I can't function around people because I'm so lethargic (exception: I met a professor this semester I relate to. But I kept running away from that friendship, it was almost involuntary, but thats it. This one person, and I'm starting to think it was very idealized b/c I thought she was close to being a 'god'). 

I just want to do art and read books all the time. I tried to articulate some of this to my GP for antidepressants, but couldn't get out the words, my world is very, very, very different than everyone else's it seems, I am completely disconnected, sometimes it becomes surreal that I'm still alive. I used to feel like I had the potential to become 'normal' but that is gone, I feel almost dead- and my parents just look at me like I'm a huge loser (which I am, which I've always been, always avoided things, prolonging things), everyone else is freaked out by me, and I don't know how to ask for help to some professional, because the options of recovery seem awful, and I don't think I want to try anymore, going inside myself somehow seems fantastic (I have no immediate plan to die) through art, drugs, books, its just not plausible because I can't hide without money, an apartment, you need to interact and function with people to survive and I can't do that anymore. I don't know if you guys experience loneliness, but I do all the time, but know that I will never be able to relate enough or feel comfortable with someone else, and I have no more energy or will or interest in most things, and this loneliness is the most terrifying, paralyzing condition I could ever imagine, and its just been building since I was in elementary school, I have no idea what I'm going to do, I'm not dying soon, I just don't know what to do. And I'm supposed to go to another country soon alone and I feel like I should push myself but at the same time I feel completely incapable. Or should I go for it? I don't know. 
Edit: honestly the main reason this feels so pressing is b/c of the traveling and that I am a constant burden to everyone around me and it's so disgusting and selfish 