Can't fight anymoreI'm 18 and I have been suicidal for almost 6 months now and I need to get this off my chest, for I can't share this with anyone I know. I remember being depressed since childhood. I always felt sadness weighing me down, but I couldn't make any sense of it so I just ignored it and waited for it to go away. But in the past few months, it's gotten too much for me to handle. I was fighting it all until last year in March when I had a break up and then it all just exploded, all those years of buried sadness, it came pouring out and now I just don't know anymore. I have been taking anti depressants since 6 months and they haven't really helped much. I have a weird obsession. I don't think if anyone would understand this but let me try to explain. My relationship with my ex lasted 3 years and it was during that time only that my depression got worse than before, but I had a reason to push myself, I had him. I know how stupid and naive this sounds, but that's what kept me going. I knew I could make it through the day, for he would be there for me at the end of the day. So I fought, and I got better with time. But, last year, he left me for another girl, and then my life just went downhill. The sadness that I had suppressed for so many years just came bursting out and I couldn't take it anymore. I got into a few relationships after that but nothing felt the same anymore. The uncertainty always kept haunting me, what if this person leaves too and I'll have to go through it all over again? 
And how pathetic is that? To need love to function normally? And I know I'll get better if I find the right person, but it's just not worth it anymore. It's too late now. My final exams are 2 days away and because of my depression I haven't been able to study properly. I'll probably fail and even if I do manage to pass, no good college will accept a student with such low grades. It's just too much pressure. 
A romantic relationship is like a basic necessity for me and that just makes me a pathetic human being, who has low self esteem and no sense of self. I just want to fade away. It's getting harder to get out of the bed in the morning, I usually sleep in till afternoon and taking a shower seems like too much effort so I don't shower for days. This was not how I imagined my life would turn out to be. I just want to fade away. To be forgotten. 