It never stops..I don't know why I'm even doing this..I guess I just want to get this out there right now..honestly, I'm getting really sick of it all. I'm only 20 years old male, and I already feel like it's all pointless. My anxiety makes me feel like shit all the time. I over analyze every single thing that I do. When talking to someone I always analyze what I said, and feel like I always say the wrong thing. I have no real life friends, just a few online friends, but they've all been playing games and stuff so I haven't really even been talking to them. 

My social anxiety stops me from doing anything social, getting a job, going out to largely social places, etc. I haven't even finished high school because of it. I doubt I'll ever find a girl to settle down with because even talking to girls I like, I over analyze everything, and my anxiety always sees the worst in every situation, like if I'm talking to someone online and they don't respond, it makes me feel like they don't like me and don't want to talk to me. I hate that feeling, and it leads to feeling depressed. It doesn't matter, even though I know that my anxiety is telling me they don't like me, and I know it's more than likely not true, it makes me feel physically terrible about the thought of them not wanting to talk to me when I like the person. 
Every time I meet someone I really like, I feel the need to talk to them a lot because I feel like if I don't talk to them, they will get bored of me, and find someone better.

I feel so alone..even though I have my family, I feel so disconnected from them. I don't have anything in common with any of them, they don't care to understand how I feel. It feels like they just want me to "grow up" and "be normal"..So I just try to hide my sadness and try to push through life, but I just end up feeling terrible at the end of the day.

It just feels like it's such a waste to continue..Sure, it'd be nice to be happy one day, have someone to be happy with, that's all I've ever really wanted..but it feels like it will never happen, I feel broken, like I shouldn't be here anymore. I don't really even know anymore...