I am lost and feel so miserable againWell, let's just say it in short: I am failing my college degree, 2nd semester. I want to drop out of it. Feel like I am the biggest failure and have no way out. Went home to my parents who made me feel like shit. I am a joke to them. They don't take me, my opinions or my feelings serious. Not even a tiny bit. They don't even attempt to understand me. My idea was to get some shit job. Yes, I know it won't be fun and easy peasy but I don't know anymore so I thought I take a break because I feel really done for to the point of wanting to kill myself. But then my parents were like that is pathetic etc. And I can't go weak and continue this shitty degree because then I will kill myself. I have no interest for it, I have no talent for it and I am too far behind it is IMPOSSIBLE to catch up. It makes me want to kill myself. So 3 reasons against it or even 4. Only started that degree because I didn't know what to do and because my father really really wanted me to do it (he has that degree) Well, now I relaxed for a few days and today I actually felt alright and a bit positive and was about to really research tomorrow what I want to do. If another degree is for me. Idk. But the my father made an "appointment" for tomorrow afternoon to discuss my future and then again had this "in the first semester I sucked in that degree as well but then it all turned out well and I got the best exam" speech and wants me to print out the funking time table of my two semesters for tomorrow's discussion. WHAT IS THAT SUPPOSED TO DO? Well, all this achieved is make me feel like shit again, extremely terrified and miserable, wanting to kill myself. He obviously wants to force me into continuing that degree and my father is horrible and he will have one of his 3 hour shit speeches tomorrow which only reach the goal of mental torture. I don't know how I am going to survive this. I wanted to research the next few days and managed to get at least a slight positive outlook and now everything is crushed and I just want to freaking end it right now. Would be better. I just hate my life, the failure I am and I am reminded why I have issues with my parents which I somehow forgot a bit in the time I spent living on my own.