Perhaps sometime soon.I've been thinking about ending everything for maybe a year or two now. I'm 19 years old now. I slacked off in school and only excelled in subjects which interested me, psychology (ironic, right? haha), health, and IT. I've never had anybody push me to do well in school. My mother always told me to do well in school but I just nodded and did my own thing. She doesn't speak English very well and I have never seen my father (left when I was 1 mo. old). Ever since I moved to the US 9 years ago I've been the quiet kid in class. I've had a few friends but I wouldn't really even call them friends, just acquaintances. I've had several girls show interest in me throughout high school but I lack confidence and there's always something about relationships that irks me. After high school all my "friends" left for college and I stayed in the same town, got a part-time job that required social interaction (I thought it would help me become social), started going full-time to a community college. Didn't do so well first semester. I'm now on my second semester, I still don't know what I want to do in life and I'm failing my courses. My mother says she will kick me out if I don't do well in college and I understand. Who wants to have dead weight on them for 19 years, right? I don't know what I want to do. I'll never be successful, might as well just save myself the stress in the future and end it now. You'll probably ask "Do you have hobbies?" (I've seen that question thrown around here quite frequently). Yes, I do have hobbies but what good are hobbies when you're broke and uneducated? I lift weights 3 times a week and that boosts my mood for that day and then it goes back down. Digging in computer hardware won't do me any good either, these days a toddler can put together a computer. Just make sure parts are compatible and from then on it's like legos. 
I haven't been diagnosed with anything and mental disorders aren't taken too seriously in my family. I'll probably just get made fun of. 

tl;dr feel like a useless 19 year old bag of shit, planning to take that step.