Never happyI used to be so happy when I was a child in school. My imagination was so big that I forgot everything else along with my bestfriend during that time. But time changed as I got older... I woke up when I was around 12 years old. It was all about girls, education and success all of sudden and I didnt understand it. I began feeling unhappy and have been it ever since. Im 21 btw. I was always the "clown" who made all my friends laugh and I laughed myself on the outside. But inside I was crying... I felt alone and unhappy. I had friends and a bestfriend yes. But I was still completely alone once I walked home to my house playing video games. When I got older I began loosing my friends and became more an outsider in my school. They invited me to parties but I began making lies to skip it and so I spend so many weekends alone.  *I have missed out on so many epic parties,* I have missed out so many epic parties and experiences because of my shyness and lies. As I went to highschool it got worse. I only saw my classmates in school and to a few parties. I was still the funny guy though but that was all. During senior some in my class begin making fun of me for never having talked to a girl before. I just laughed with them. But deep inside it was another knife to my heart of all the failures I have made. I realised I will never get to experience what my friends experienced. The normal social life, always spending time with the guys, going out and hooking girls. After I graduated I lost all contact with them cuz I skipped them. Im an selfish asshole and that have destroyed my life.

Now I am on the edge of suicide. I dont fit in this world. I make jokes of everything and make people laugh. But the only person who doesnt laugh is myself. Where is the joy? Where is my succes? Where is my happiness?  

But I have accepted reality and find that hope was only a peaceful illusion.... Now acceptance, still lost and no idea where next... Am I happy? Never. That's just another illusion, I'm conscious of reality....for now, that's enough but not for long..... 