I don’t want to live and cause everyone else more heartache. I want to die and make everyone happy.It’s 1:21 AM. And I have made my decision. Not today, not tomorrow, not next week, but some day, I am going to end my life. 

I am so tired of ruining everyone’s lives. I’m so tired of feeling trapped. I can’t get out of my own head and I can’t escape from my own reign of terror.

I have anger problems. I ruin everything because of it. Everyone thinks I’m crazy, and maybe they’re right. 

I can’t escape from my own thoughts. I can’t escape from the anxiety that runs my life. I can’t escape from the ridicule of everyone else. I can’t escape from being on a road to nowhere. I’m never going to be anything in life, so why live it? Why be here?

Sure, my parents would be sad. But the house would be quieter. They wouldn’t deal with my yelling over ridiculous things that I can’t quite control. They would have more money, and extra space in the house. They would be fine eventually.

My sister doesn’t need me. She has her whole life on track. Confident, kind, sweet, and loving. Boys flock to her, she has everything. She is going somewhere in life and I’m not. 

My best friend doesn’t even need me. He’d probably be better off without me because I’ll probably turn him into someone just like me. And no fucking human being as awful as myself needs to be on this earth. He is so popular, he has tons of friends. He’d be over it in no time. 

And even if the world imploded on all those people, i honestly don’t care. I won’t be around to deal with it, so why does it matter? Why should I suffer a miserable existence to keep others happy?

I wish I would go away. I wish I would just disappear. I don’t want to be alive anymore. I don’t want to breathe anymore.

My past suicide attempt failed. I took an entire bottle of pills. The only reason that I lived was because my parents were home and called the ambulance. If they would’ve called 10 minutes later it would’ve been game over. I wish I had waited until they weren’t home.

However, I found the only loaded gun in the house. I know it’s exact location and where it is at right now. Whenever the time comes, I’m ready, and so is the gun. 

Game. Over.