Death of my Beloved DogIt was exactly 6 days ago. The day before independence day, my dog was taken away by a carnivorous nocturnal flying creature. Although i was still in my bed half asleep when this happened, my mother was the one who woke the whole family up to tell us the tragic story. She told us that she heard two barks from our dog before it was strangled and silenced by her predator. We believe the suspect is a carnivorous nocturnal flying predator. Anyways, my father started to comfort my mother to attempt to bring some consolation. Because it was 1 a.m. in the morning, i was still very confused on what was going on. My mother keeps telling me that Sasum has been taken away by something but my brain cannot process it. I slowly go outside my backyard to find my dog. I yell "Sasum" loudly despite the complaints of my neighbors. My fucking dog is gone, give me a fucking break here. My fucking beloved dog is gone. Where the fuck did she go. I frantically search around my garage and my backyard once more for some evidence. For something. I can't even find a trace of blood or a sign of struggle. However because i am very tired, i go back inside and sleep, not knowing the devastation ahead of me. When i wake up, my parents are downstairs talking silently and comforting each other. I suddenly remember what happened to my dog. Panic starts to rise as i realize that my Sasum is gone. I quickly rush downstairs to interrogate my mother to find out exactly what happened to my dog. She tells me the same thing. All she heard was two barks and the noise of strangulation. I realize that my dog was killed by an unknown predator. Although i am vastly still confused, i start to become agitated and really fucking pissed. We don't even know what the fuck took our dog. We don't know why the fuck this happened. How the fuck did this happen? I just held her yesterday. How the fuck did this happen? Why did this happen to her? Why is this happening right now? Why? What the fuck? I slowly begin to feel empty and depressed. I start to realize that my dog disappeared and most likely died. I start to feel regretful of all the things i couldn't do for my dog. I start to feel an abundance of remorse for my dog. I start to blame myself for not being able to protect my dog. I don't know who to blame. I don't know what to do. I am emotionally unstable. I'm not crying yet because i am just angry and confused as to what happened to my dog. I still can't believe my dog is gone. However, i soon realize that my dog is gone forever. I won't be able to say the last goodbye or give her the last pet or the last shower or the last hug or the last kiss. Tears slowly start to go down my face as i realize that she is gone. 

My apologizes for the profuse amount of swearing. I felt the need to swear to give you guys an honest and real account of what my emotions were. I assume that you guys understand how devastated and miserable i am. The thing that gets to me is that the only memory i have of my dog is her bed. That is it. I don't even have her leash or her body. I don't have that luxury. My own friends dare to say to me to get over my dogs death. The thing is i can't. To some people, a dog may be just another simple object that brings you happiness. Although my dog did indeed bring me a lot of happiness, she was regarded as my sister. As an only child, my dog was the partner i needed when i was bored. She was the lover i needed. She was the only living thing that was actually really happy to see me every day. The way she wagged her tail and jumped around all excited would give me the boost i need to start my day. It would give me the motivation because i would realize that someone actually loved me. But when she was taken away from me i lost that love, and i honestly lost the will to do anything. My parents were concerned that i won't be able to move on with this tragedy. This pain of losing a loved one is incomprehensible. It is really indeed hard to move on. If i can't even move on from losing a dog, how will i move on if one of my family member dies? How will i move on? Or if i go to war, how will i move on if one of my comrades die? I realized that death is real. I realized that life is too short. The death of my beloved dog helped me realize that life is harsh and it is too valuable to waste. I am still very destroyed emotionally and i hope i can move on. 