Things are bad.Doesn’t feel worth pushing. 

I haven’t told anyone yet, I’m really not ready to tell my family, but I have been diagnosed with a neurological disorder, an auditory processing disorder, a memory disorder, transient aphasia, and something else. TIA, TAI maybe? Something about temporary lack of blood flow in the brain. “Altered alertness” was something else they said. I didn’t mention to them the voice I’ve been hearing. I’m not sure I could’ve handled any more bad news. But “altered alertness” is right. It gets bad. Sometimes I find myself in a room in my house with no clue how I got there. I remember being elsewhere. And then I’m somewhere else. But no memory of the transport. (That’s not the right word. I can’t think of what word I want. Travel? Transfer?)

I’m not supposed to drive. Tremors in extremities prompted me to go back to a doctor. Sometimes they get so bad I can’t hold my phone or a pencil. Wasn’t prepared for all the news I got. They said it’s likely permanent. 

Result of an accident earlier this year. 

Have to have further screenings done due to a bleeding disorder. Mixture of coughing up blood and realizing I don’t clot on my own after trying my hand at *something*. 

There’s really only one person I want to talk to about it. But I can’t. 

Idk. Last month I almost jumped out a high rise window. Probably shoulda just did it. 

Not really something I want to do. But I feel like it might be my best course. I’ve lost more this year than I ever thought I could. And alone though it all. I mean, where it counts. I *felt* alone. No one gets it. Well, one person gets it. But I don’t feel like I can talk to her about it. Unsolicited vehicle makes me think I was so much better off a year ago. 

And I did it all to myself. Knew exactly what I was waking into but blind faith kept me walking. I can’t have faith anymore. Sometimes the universe just tries to tell you something. 

I miss the life I could have had. So tired of the storms. Just so tired. I just don’t like myself anymore. I’m not the person I thought I was.

There’s never a safety net. Even if there was one. It promises to be there. But then decides you aren’t worth saving. So it leaves. 

A lot happened today. I think I’ll just drink for tonight. I don’t think I can do much else. 

🖖🏻