I daydream about having a terminal illnessI don't want to live.  I don't feel I have a place in this world, I don't *want* to have a place in this world, I despise everything about this world.  Unfortunately, I also don't have the guts to end my own life.  I'm unable to overcome my animalistic fear of death.  So I dream of the easy way out.  I dream of having cancer and embracing death as it comes to me.  

Why? You may ask.  I am an utterly insipid human being.  I have very few interests.  No true passions, goals, ambitions, or dreams (that aren't impossible). The idea of working a job, and the experience of working jobs is horrible to me. This world is broken on every level.  Rampant injustice, inequality, and horrible people at every corner, and nobody is able to fix it.  Humans are broken at a fundamental level.  The biases and shortcuts in our own minds inhibit us from changing anything on a macro scale.  

My parents don't care about me. What friends I have only put up with me and are leaving me behind.  I add nothing to this world and I have no desire to.  I see no reason to push on.

I've tried therapy and drugs.  Nothing has helped, nothing has worked.  My biggest issues is that my core beliefs don't fit with the world.  I see my issue not as me having depression causing me to not care, but me not caring and depression stemming from that. If I said I didn't care about football you wouldn't assume it stemmed from mental illness, why is existence not the same? 

To me, existence is pointless.  We are pointless.  Nothing we will ever do will ever matter in the grand scheme of things and eventually we'll all die anyway.  Those whose lives you've improved or made worse will die, those who you vicariously effected through them will die, the human race will go extinct, entropy will take over the universe and eventually it'll all come to a depressing end. 

Obviously, people are going to say my thoughts are wrong, but that's only because my thoughts don't follow the illusion we humans see.  We want to matter and my mindset goes against that so it's wrong. You could say "we create meaning for ourselves" and that's true, but I'm unable to do so.  You like chocolate, I like vanilla.  You think life has meaning, I don't.  How is that any different other than the fact that we have arbitrarily determined suicide as a bad thing? 

Sorry for the rant.  You don't have to respond, I'm not actually going to do anything.  