I can’t do thisI can’t keep putting the most blatant cries for help known to man out there only to be met with “lol”. I can’t keep doing school like this. I have either skipped or not paid attention in every single one of my lessons. Surprise, I get the worst grades I’ve ever gotten.

How are my grades met? With screaming. Instead of a “what happened” or “are you ok” I just get screamed at, then they have the audacity to cry and pretend they care about me. Oh, you care about me? Try and fucking express that in a way that doesn’t involve verbal abuse you fucking caveman. 

Every single time someone hurts me it’s because they “care” about me. “We love you, OP” fuck you. Fuck you fuck you fuck you. If you loved me you would’ve aborted me you sack of shit. 

Speaking of people “loving” me, my boyfriend doesn’t flirt with me anymore, and I know he’s waiting for something to happen so he can break it off guilt-free. To think he was the one that asked ME out. Oh how it hurts to be told you’re unlovable.

Whenever I stop talking nobody notices. I stop mid sentence and nobody cares. I don’t talk for an hour straight and nobody bats an eye. “Oh, OP, you’re still in the call!”. Yes motherfucker I’ve been in the call longer than you. Nobody cares about me. Nobody ever requests my presence. “It’s always x join call” or “y get in here” but never me. My name is never in there. My name is never mentioned apart from when people are clowning on me behind my back. “Op is so annoying, he’s not funny” “Let’s time how long it takes for Op to join the call after we do”. I’m not exaggerating either. These people say this shit to my face. God knows what they say behind my back. 

I try to go no contact for days on end but the longest I’ve ever gotten is 1 day because I’m such a loser I can’t go without talking for any longer. 

Nobody has noticed shit. Nobody has noticed a goddamn thing. I have to tell these people to their faces and their response is just “I’m here for you”. Are you fucking serious? After you insult me for 5 fucking minutes straight in every single call I join you have the fucking audacity to pretend you care? God, can’t you just call me a retard one more time so I can have an excuse to kill myself? 

Speaking of killing myself, every fucking time I plan to do it, something suddenly happens. Like the stars align to laugh at me just a little longer. 

Well the stars can go fuck themselves, I’m going to hang myself today. I’m going to use a belt I have previously strangled myself with. I’m going to hang myself in the garage, and say goodbye to 1 person. The rest don’t care.