Not committing suicideBut god it feels like the right thing to do. I decided a long time ago that I wouldn't kill myself.  Sometimes that is a source of strength for me -- some sort of conviction, or that I'm a man of my word -- but sometimes it just feels trivial. 

I don't feel unique at all. All the meta data you could gather about me would point you to the fact that I'm just some fucking guy. 20 something white guy in middle america, quit my job, can't find a new job, too many video games, started streaming but can't hold an audience, hemorrhaging money on house payments...

I am not valuable, I'm not better than anyone else. I'm not special. I'm not smart. I have a supportive wife who loves me, but I hate the word "need." She doesn't need me. I'm absolutely replaceable -- I know enough about the world that she could find someone else. The best thing that I could say about myself is that I'm patient maybe, but that's not something that will make me any money...jesus, fuck money. I don't even want to think about a kid, and all what goes with that.

I'm obviously depressed. I also am absolutely convinced that this is a justified world view, that I'm correct in my assessment of myself and my situation. at this point, i figure most people are suffering from depression - especially in the US. I'm thinking mainly of capitalism with this statement. Trump sucks, sure, but students loans and materialism, etc, are much more taxing on the mind.

I do not want to go to a therapist. They would tell me I'm depressed - great thanks Doc. Even if mediation would help my brain work properly, If I can't fix it myself, then it's not worth fixing. (...yes I feel this way. Yes, it is demonstrably false. I think of myself as so logical, but this is one thing I have such a hard time accepting)

If you read this, at least let me know you have. I'm okay yelling into the void, but it'd be nice if it weren't always the case.

Wouldn't it be funny is my post got removed because I'm not committing suicide? Mods, plus don't do that to me...I just want a place to talk where I won't be linked to suicide hotlines.