I am a monsterI have dealt with sexting issues since I was 15. It was how I coped with stress and it was extremely unhealthy. It was a habbit that happened on and off until I was 19 when it turned me into a horrible monster.

In the summer after freshman year of college, I was not doing well. My parents were unhappy I didn't do very good at my summer job and wasn't making that much money. I lost alot of friendships new and old. I didn't have anything. I turned to sexting as a form of escapism and I wish I hadn't. Eventually, it got so bad I decided to commit suicide. I was also still addicted to sexting as my means of connecting with people via omegle-like apps and such. There were some bad actions on my end, but one of the worst was when I gave my snap, which uses my name, and sent pictures both my face and nudes of me to a random 15 year old. My life was over. I sent nudes to them and they were catfishing me. It was pretty obivious too. I sexted them and they thought it was a joke just like me. They said "wow pedo lol" and I reacted by blocking them. I thought it didn't matter, I was planning on commiting suicide anyways why did it matter what I did before leading up to it. Long story short, I had come to my senses and realized suicide was not the way. I continued to live my life for many years after that and for the most part I was happy. This thing has always been in the back of my mind and I know it will one day come back to ruin me but I somehow managed to not think about it. However my OCD has caused me to have intrusive thoughts recently and now it is the only thing I can think about. I have not been eating or sleeping well.

After almost 4 years I did some research on the person. I was surprised how easy it was to find them and I now know the name of the person who can ruin my life as they see fit. I'm scarred to apologize and ask them to forgive and forget. They themselves seem like an unstable person. I have never had any issues with background checks or law enforcement. So maybe it was a joke to them and they forgot. I am worried to live my life only for 5, 10 or 30 years from now I will be exposed as a monster. I see people who are predators in news reports and the such and I think "in a few years or months that will probably be me." I don't want to live life if that's what will happen to me. I don't want to cause half of my family to have a heart attack. I started seeing a therapist and I have been talking to them about my issues in regards to this issue but I don't have thoughts of sexting anymore, not since that day. How can I go on?

&amp;#x200B;

P.S. sorry for the poor wording and grammar issues I am in such a bad state