The real dead end Hi, how are you? 
First things first - I'm 22 male and also a huge HUUUUGEEE liar. That's where all my problems came from. I do lie because I'm afraid of negative response from friends/relatives/etc. I used to make up all kinds of excuses not to go somewhere or not to do something. But people who invited always asked something like "why so? what your are doing?". So for me  this negative response(now I usually say "Fuck yeah, let's do this shit!" and end up doing things I never really wanted to). Also, if I have to do something(but for some reason don't) I usual lie what everything went fine and I did as I was expected(like passed exam and so on). So where do I find myself now? In a dead end. You see, I dropped out from uni at my last year. Never told my parents. Had a "Master Plan" how to get back on tracks but never implemented it. Parents think that I will graduate this month. They also think that tomorrow I will go out to uni to defend my last paper work(or how do you call it). This is my dead end. I lied them straight in their eyes about how everything is fine. My whole family and close relatives think that I'm nailing my uni. I dropped out like 3 months before we had to do internship.  So, to make my parents believe that I still go to uni(and later do have internship) I usually took 3 hours walk every day or was driving around using public transportation. Most of that was done during deep winter. Those 6 months I did absolutely nothing. 
My plan is to roll out of 9-story building. I'm very afraid that I will land butt/legs first. Wanted to do it today but freaked out and also got lazy. Tomorrow I will have to do it. I should say that I don't really want to commit suicide, it's just what I have to do( you don't want to go to school/work but you have to. Same with me). I was thinking about and planing suicide for past 6 years. I don't have any depression, ADD, ADHD, BPD. 
I'm not asking for any help, just wanted to let you know how I fucked my life. 

~~EDIT 06-09 15:50(GMT +2) I could not say the truth. Had multiple opportunities to say it, but just could not. Took Personal ID card and father's contact number. Thank you all who wrote. I'll let you know if I chicken out.~~

EDIT: Ok, everything went as not expected. Parents are supportive, sister will give advices on how  to get going again. They are not aware that I wanted to commit suicide.  