My good friend [M/30] has had several breakdowns. He is now distancing himself from FH and myself. He's close and we don't know what to do.FH and I fear one of our good friends is very close to going through with it.

He's confided in us a long time ago that he's suffered with depression and suicidal thoughts for a long time. We've had several scares and dealt with/witnessed a handful of breakdowns. He fell off the radar a little over a year ago for a solid day and a half after an emotional break and we went as far as breaking into his house to check on him. Didn't find him but his car was there. Turns out he self harmed and called an ambulance on himself.
The most recent break being 2 weeks ago. Since that last break, he has basically stopped talked to FH (they work together so that's kind of a big deal). I think he went IN to their office twice and "worked from home" all the other times since. He's also taken off completely quite a bit. On top of that, when he does talk to FH, he's been a real jerk (based on what FH has told me of their conversations). I've suffered from depression myself, considered suicide and used to self harm so I am familiar with a lot of this. His most recent actions of being a dick to FH basically spelled it out for me: He's ready. He's pushing him away in order to push us out of his life and therefore "make it easier". FH and I are not giving up and want to help but don't know how.

There was a turnaround yesterday because he came over and was at our place for a couple hours. Now, we have a shop in our garage that he and FH work in so him coming over unannounced and going straight into the shop is not uncommon. When I came home though, he was inside and watching TV with FH. He hung out for another hour or so but didn't say much. I know that him doing this is a positive but I want to know what else to do.

He had lunch with a mentor figure yesterday to discuss everything (several of us know what he's going through and are basically "on watch") and when asked how far into this he's thought, he didn't skip a beat in saying he knows HOW he would do it. It doesn't help that he lives alone. We try to get him to come over or come out with us as much as possible but him pushing us away has put a hard stop to that.

Please, we need help. I don't know what else to do. The night of his last breakdown, he and I sat and talked privately. He confides and trusts me more so than FH because I've told him my past dealings with this. FH is, admittedly, not an ideal person to help someone in this state of mind and everyone involved is aware of that, not that that's a bad thing - he's just not that kind of person. When we talked I was able to help him calm down but he doesn't really tell me the why's or the how's. He's been looking for a committed relationship for a long time now and nothing ever works out and I know that  is one of the reasons but he doesn't admit it. That's not something I can help either.

How do we help someone dealing with so much? He's a very intelligent, good looking individual and is praised at work. He has a good core group of friends that are there for him for anything and everything. His family is intact and supportive. But even with all of this, he's depressed, thinks very low of himself, and dwells on his relationship status a lot. He doesn't even drink a lot. If he does, it's twice a week. They have a game-night that 4-6 guys join in and they'll drink at home during that. Then on Friday's they have their regular spot they go to with a regular group of guys, all great guys. Other than that, he's not drinking heavily. He doesn't smoke. He has a dog at home which I know helps but I'm growing more and more afraid that none of this is going to be enough and that he's closer than I'd like to believe.

I'm sorry if I'm rambling. Please help us help him. He won't go see a professional. We're all he has.