Im guiltess and have braveryIve read a lot of this subreddit and there are some sad stories.

Perhaps you can change mine.

2014: freshman year of school i already give up on school in the first few weeks. The school is filled with sex stories, public lewdness and 3rd base in the halls. Petrified by immoral relationships, cheating, and having false feelings i vow not to have a woman in my life, not soon anyway.

This stuff gets to me on a whole new level each day. And between classes i walk out of the entire building and walk home to my back porch. Hours pass and my loving mother comes and consoles to me. Asking Whats the matter, and why are you home?. I was expecting a meltdown, but instead i was given a heartwarming welcome. I lie and say i have been having severe social anxiety.

Days pass and i keep leaving school early. We go to the doctors, and get a thurough examine. I tell the doc i dont have social anxiety but i have been hearing things. So he looks at family history and notices the line of schizophrenia on our extended family. With everything else being ruled out thats what he gave me. And said i was healthy aslong as i didnt feel like harming others.

Me and my friend get worked up and i decide to play a prank on him and fake my death, he messages me on steam and i act as my mother and break the news to him. Say i died from overdose from prescription meds. Days pass and he falls off the planet. So i end the joke and Say hi its me fakeaccount. He sends a message of text the size of a cvs recipt. Saying how he was going to end himself and he almost did it that day. He told the whole school Too. He became a huge wreck. But we brush it off over time.

2015: i go to a private school, 20 kids max. Only 2 or 5 come to the group table, kids are all depressed, some suicidal, some do it. People come and go at the drop of a hat. Most without a trace at all. Everybody knows everybody here.  This is where i feel an overwhelming sense of dread. What more is there to do in life? Ive gotten everything ive wanted and more, a perfect family, every item i ask for. And it all means nothing. The further i live the worse it will get, ill need a job, a home, and that is a heavy toll to pay.

So i get into the void of depression and get a mindset of "dont do anything you dont want to"  sleep in class, depression naps at home, totals of 16 hours and up a day. However i am a "man" of action, and to stop the upcoming hell of life im going to halt it in its tracks.

Attempt 1: life is fueled by oxygen, so im taking it out. I get tape from the grage, yellow, and duct tape. I will never forget the scent of yellow car painting tape.
I leave it in the closet. Days pass again and i work up the guts to put an end to it all. I tape my breathing holes shut. Before having a final nap in bed i look at myself. I see the corpse of myself in 5 mins. I look like a auto body shop mummy. Petrified i take it off and throw it away.

Attempt 2: i need something sharp. I try boxcutters, scissors, poket knives, they are all too painful and have minimal blood loss. Then i realize how dumb i am for not using a razor in the bathroom. I crack open a shaving razor and get the blade. I try it and its like a knife through butter. For once felt joy, happiness, an overwhelming anount! But i dont want to leave a mess so its a last resort.

Attempt 3: my mum is tired of me looking miserable and we go to the doctors. Doc gives me some pills to make me fall asleep, take it at night so you get your schedule back on track he says. Thats not my plan i want to say aloud.
Look it up online and it slows your blood pressure. I think ti myself if i take them all at once my blood pressure will get so low that my blood wont move at all. 

One night that week i am swiftly awoken. I am suddenly in a pit of irrational fear. My mum and dad rockin the boat in the other room. In a fist of rage, fear, and confused emotions i get up the next day before school and take all the pills. Here is the 20% of what i remeber. I get on the bus, take a seat and we take our normal stops. Suddenly were at school. I get off and feel myself get so weak. Light headed and i make every effort to open the door. My blood pressure is so low i cant move my body. 

To avoid making a scene i force every cell in my body to climb the flight of stairs in a total of 5 mins. Crash into my desk and... And.... Its time to go home. Within a moments notice, i get on the bus and go home. I sleep for the entirety of the next day home "sick"

Attempt 4: i tell mum the pills made me feel ill. So we tell doc to get a new set. And within next month we do. Doc says these ones are more potent so be careful. Being cautious as last time didnt pan out, i test about 5 then 10. So far it felt like horse sedatives. Immobilizing me entirely. One day i felt so sick of it all i took the remainder of the bottle before falling in bed. Hoping these were the last moments of me i try to sleep. It was too late to fall to sleep. Having a near seziure experiece i fully remeber seeing flashing colors filling my entire feild of vision, like i saw every blood vessel in my eye change colors in a lighting pattern, shaking in sweat, panic, and concern im out. Untill im up in a pool of sweat soaking my bed entirly. I go out again. The next morning im furiated that i haven't perished. If only i didnt test the bottle first... I tell myself.

2016: i stop listening to depressing music, its not getting me anywhere. I force myself awake in class. I stay online With my friends, i tell my mum i love her. I get good grades again. I stop being depressed its not helping. Its not! I dont want to act sad! Im not like this i never was. But i will always remain in a void of unfulfillment. Life has given me everything time and time again. And It means nothing. Ive gotten everything i asked for instantly. Im fantastic at everything i do. My friends like me, my mom tells me im her favorite child. Im a god at video games, everyone tells me im the funniest guy they know! Im such a fast learner at my guitar. Everything is perfect! Why is there nothing fulfilling!

Atrempt 5: my dad wants me to mow the lawn. So i go outside and take the mower outside and i..... I.. I take it back in the grage and close the door. I take a look around, im the only one home so far. I turn the mower on and a gray smoke comes out. I face it my direction and leave it running. Time passes i dont feel different. But thats how carbon dioxide works, so i let it run for 10 mins. I hear my sister come in and i try to turn off the mower But Its an old one and its got no buttons. So i freak out a little and it runs out of gas. So i put it back and go to bed. I wake up 20 hours later, my lungs feel like trash and i smell like gas. I tell my dad the mower was out of gas. I felt to close to death that day. Only if i had my own car instead.

2017: i feel paranoid, not like somebody is watching me but as if something is wrong. A long time passes, it gets worse every day and i feel like a zombie. I dont tell my grandparents i love them on the way out of their house each sunday. I dont message my mother anymore. I want to be alone. Not like locked in my room. But the only one at all. Like a suppressor, taking away my emotions

I can't feel love for my family, i cant feel loneliness. I cant feel affection for a special someone, i cant feel regret, 

But i dont feel sad. Not at all! No sadness no tears. You might tell by the upbeat style of text and word choice too

This isnt from what the doctor said schizophrenia is it? I dont feel Like it.

Current day: i have a job. I have a car. Although my dad wants a gun and i do too. I wont shoot myself i perfer my car. Atleast it will be open casket.

Nobody knows about any of my past trials, 

Every time i think of ending myself i always get a sense of courage and justice. Never a sad depressive gloomy feeling.

I dont care about how my family will react at all. Or my friends. Im sure my friend will probbably end his life too. Im his only thing going for him, im the star of the show for many people in some areas. And i will severly jack up their lives. And i have no feelings for them at all! not joy, not regret, 

Tell me what i should do. Its been 4 years. You guys are the first responders. And im not blowing my cover! Its what i got going for me.