I am terrified and I have no idea what's going on in my mind.I feel like I'm going crazy or something and I just want it to stop. I went downstairs and looked at the knives and really wanted to just stab myself in the heart. 
I can't comprehend anything, it seems... I can't play a videogame or listen to music without feeling empty and feeling extremely confused. I don't understand what is going on when I do things. My chest feels super heavy, but at the same time I don't even know if my body exists so I can't tell if I feel anything. 
I don't know what anything is anymore. I am always super confused by my vision. I think, "wow, I can't believe I can see... what a strange thing." And it really is. It all looks like static, like as if I'm looking at a TV screen, and it all looks fuzzy and colorful, and like it's constantly moving. Even a minute ago, I was looking at a roll of toilet paper and I thought it was glowing purple. My vision is fucking disturbing to me. Everything disturbs me. I feel like there is so much evil. I don't know. Everyone and everything. This feeling inside of my chest. I can't even feel any emotion besides this feeling of unreal emptiness and confusion. How can it exist? 
I always zone out and I can never enjoy anything. I'm not even there. I'm not even in this world. I don't even know what this world is. I don't know where the hell I go, but I'm not in my mind. 
I'm terrified because I can't tell the difference between my body and the world. I don't know if I can feel my feet. I know I can, but I don't feel like they're there. I don't feel like I'm here. I don't know what reality is. I can't even distinguish my thoughts from reality. I don't understand how I can be in my head and think, while experiencing reality at the same time. What are thoughts? Thoughts seem impossible to me. It's like I'm experiencing a thought and thinking of it, while being in 'reality' and seeing other things as well. How the fuck does that work? It's like two different worlds. It's just too much to take. I don't know what anything is. I can't even get help or anything. I know the meaning of the universe and it freaks me out. I want to die right now. 