i don't know what to do anymore, i'm so afraidHello, 
I don’t know where to begin, but I don’t know what to do about myself anymore. For the past 10(ish?) months, I’ve been having internal issues with myself, and it’s affecting both me and my girlfriend’s relationship. This is going to be a long post, and I apologize in advance. I’m not very good with words or writing, so this might jump all over the place. (FYI, I’m typing this in google docs, and it likes to correct my a’s with à. I probably won’t catch them all.)

To start, I’ll tell you a little bit about myself: 
My name is A, and I’m a sophomore in high school. I’m a very self conscious person. If you take a look at me, you’ll notice that I’m overweight. I don’t look very flattering, at least in my opinion. I have substitute teacher arms, a chubby face, wide calves, and a huge stomach. 
I look like a monster. 
There are two reasons why I look like this, and the primary one is my parents. I hate to say this, but they are lazy when it comes to parenting, particularly my mother. At first, after I was born, they were strict about what I ate. I would only eat healthy baby foods, stuff with fruits, vegetables, and vital nutrients. After awhile, though, they slowly began to be more lenient about what I consumed. They began to buy more junk, processed foods, and cook less at home. Right now, all we generally eat is frozen pizza, macaroni n’ cheese, fast food, spaghetti, soup, and maybe frozen vegetables. We eat out at least once or twice a week, I’d guess. My dad works nights and only has the weekends off, so he doesn’t cook that much. My mom isn’t a very good cook, so she’ll either make us frozen pizza/something with rice/some other junk OR nothing. If she doesn’t make anything, which is often, she’ll take a nap and leave me to cook for myself and my little sister. If I could cook healthy things, I would, but we don’t have very many healthy ingredients to do so in our house. I try to get her to buy more healthy stuff, but she only buys healthier things SOMETIMES. 
The second reason is that since my parents grew lazy with parenting, I have little self control when it some to food. Even if I’m out in public, I can barely control myself. I know I shouldn’t be eating so much, but it’s hard to suppress. 

I’ve been made fun of for being fat, from both peers and family members. The teasing from my classmates started when I was about 9 or 10, probably. It wasn’t very harmful, to be honest. Some of the boys in my grade would either pretend to ask me out or pretend to be my friend and annoy me. They all thought it was funny for some reason, but I guess it is funny to pretend to ask out a girl who isn’t conventionally attractive and then laugh with your friends about it. It’s hard to explain over text, but I think some people would know what I’m talking about. 
As for my family members, my grandmother on my mother’s side loves to talk shit about me and my parents. She’ll talk about how fat we are, how my mom used to be pretty, my mother’s hoarding, and every little thing wrong with us. I know she’s toxic to be around, so I don’t talk to her that much. She gets upset about that though, and complains about how I don’t say much. She basically thrives off of negativity, you’d understand if you met her. 

Oh, my mom is also a hoarder. Not like the people on the show Hoarders, but almost. Our garage looks like a junkyard. We have piles of stuff everywhere. She’ll buy things that we don’t need, and has a hard time letting go of things. She doesn’t clean very much, and when we have company coming, she relies on me and my sister to clean up. I mean, she’ll clean, just not very well. My dad has deep cleaned rooms before. He’d go through everything, throw stuff away, and it would be clean. Then, my mom and my sister would just ruin it. He’s done this many times over the years, but it’s a never-ending cycle. He’s basically given up.

This is why I don’t like my home. I signed up for several extracurriculars partially because I just wanted to get out of this shithole of a house. I’m tired of it.

On to the main topic.

Like I said before, I have internal issues that I have a hard time dealing with. Something that triggers me is choking, people yelling at me, and people getting angry at me. When I was younger, I’d hang out with my cousin whenever I visited my family because we have similar interests. I actually like hanging around him, he was fun to hang out with.
However, he had anger issues. 
If I said something that made him upset, unintentionally or in a joking matter, he’d get this look on his face where he’d clench his jaw and give one the look of death. He’d either hit me, kick me, or put his hands around my neck and choke me. Hard. 
He’s also do it to his sister, and he’d hit his mom. He’s better now, he was sent to therapy, and that’s another story for another time. 

Anyway, I have problems now. I know I’ve said this already, but it’s hard to explain. Over the past several months, whatever is wrong with me has been getting worse. I sometimes have sudden mood swings. I get upset very easily, even if it’s over something small. I usually become sad and numb to life. I think I’m worthless. I don’t deserve to be happy because I’m a horrible person. This happens a lot. I’m suicidal, I think about killing myself à lot because of how unhappy I am with myself. In fact, the night before my birthday, my girlfriend made me call this suicide hotline because I kept talking about killing myself. I’m completely miserable. I’m tired of life, I’m tired of bad grades, I’m tired of having a shitty homelife, I’m tired of my parents not caring enough, I’m tired of being sad and numb, I’m tired of annoying my girlfriend because all I talk about is how sad I am, and I’m just tired of everything.

Also, I can get angry. I hate that part of me because I can get violent, but I typically just take it out on myself by cutting up/scratching at my wrists and arms. If I get angry at my sister, I hit her. I mean, she also hits me, so we’re kind of even, but I’m bigger, stronger, and I know I shouldn’t hit her. I’ve actually grown a lot less violent towards her, but if she provokes me enough, I hit her (not very hard, but sometimes hard enough to hurt) Our sibling dynamic is weird, but we get along most of the time. I try to be really nice to her, but sometimes she’ll either provoke me to the point of rage, or she’ll interrupt whatever I’m doing and annoy me. I’m weird about privacy. I absolutely cannot stand it when people barge into my room without knocking, it’s a pet peeve of mine. She tends to barge into my room and I yell at her to get out. Overall, I kinda treat her like crap, but sometimes I can’t help it. I feel terrible about what I’ve done to her. The guilt eats from the inside.
If you’re wondering, no, I don’t hurt my girlfriend, I never ever would. I love her to death, and I can’t bear to think about losing her. She’s my rock, and she’s the only person who I can really vent about my feelings to. I know they say that high school relationships never last, because, well, it’s high school, but I really do love her. I’m really clingy, and I try not to be. I see her at school during the week, hang out after school, and chat with her until I go to sleep, which might be too much, now that I think about it. 
Right now, though, it’s winter break for us and it’s miserable for me without seeing her. But, she’s tired of me making her carry all of my issues. I feel so horrible about it, all I talk about is how sad I am. She told me that we could either take a break from dating to take the pressure off of her, or keep dating, get help now, and let her take a break from making me feel better. I chose the latter because I love her and I want this to work, I don’t want to bother her about my problems anymore, she’s been very helpful with making me feel better, but she’s emotionally exhausted because of doing it for so long. I feel so bad about what I’ve done, I’m a wreck. I don’t mean to make her sound like the bad guy or anything, it’s my fault for relying on her too much. I just want to go back to being normal again. Honestly, I’ve been like this since freshman year, but only now has it gotten worse. 

I promised her that I would talk to someone, so I decided to vent about it here. Part of me doesn’t want help because I’m afraid. I’m afraid of myself.
Another thing. I know that I should be diagnosed by a doctor, but I think I might have BPD. I took a couple of online tests and they all said that I have a high likelihood of having BPD, but I’m not THAT ignorant. I should be tested before jumping to conclusions. 

I don’t know what to do. I’m scared that it will get worse, and I’m scared of ruining my relationship with my girlfriend. Everything had been fine up until all of this has happened. I want to die. Please help me. 

TL;DR: I’m fat, I live in a hoarder house, and I’ve been choked by my cousin when I was a kid. Over the past 5-6 months, my suicidal thoughts and self harm habits have gotten worse due to extreme self hatred and horrible insecurities. My girlfriend is tired of me expecting her to make me feel better when I’m sad, which is about 65-70% of my wake time. I have rapid mood swings a lot, and I think I MIGHT have BPD, even though I should be tested to be sure. I just want all of this to be over, and I’m tired of living like this. I’m too terrified to tell my parents. I need help. Please help me, I don’t know what to do. 
