I'm just... done.Well... it's finally over. I'm just done with life. Done with any hope of being successful or happy. Done with any hope of becoming something important, or useful. 

Let's start with the most recent problems, and then move on to those that will effect my future forever.

A girl broke my heart, Reddit. I know what you're gonna say "Oh you're 16 you're so young you'll find someone new." Bullshit. I waited for a chance with her for six years, helped her through the end of three relationships, had her admit that if I asked her out in person when she was single I'd probably get a shot, and she STILL said no. Do you have any idea the level of betrayal I felt from that? Do you have any idea how hurt I am? I wasted six years, broke four hearts, and rejected three girls because I thought I had a *chance* with her. And in the end, I just got my heart broken. Because of that I'm considering Celibacy and or, well, suicide.

More important reasons: I'm probably not going to graduate high school. I fucked off my freshman/sophmore years and now I'm paying for it. I think all in all I have like... six credits? MAYBE? If I don't graduate I can't get into a good college and become a high school science teacher like I've dreamed of. This is all assuming after I fail High school I plan to get a GED. I don't know what I'll do with myself if I fail, I already feel like I have no place in life. 

Any chance at counseling was either awful, or taken from me. In the Awful case, the counselor had no interest in me at all, only the money my mother was giving her as a requirement because my school deemed me "unsafe to myself and or others." I don't really know, I was kicked out of 7th and 8th grade, so I guess I never even graduated elementary school. In the case that was taken from me, I finally met a counselor that I connected with, shared values with, and felt like I could really get used to. Then my Dad pulled me out of the counseling office she worked at because he "Felt like she wasn't helping, and was making things worse."

My mother, who I moved back with after a year of living with my dad for the aforementioned girl above, is controlling and has decided that I will do everything her way, or else she'll kick me on the street. How the hell am I supposed to meet all of her expectations when they aren't even realistic? She wants me to grow up, go to college, and then become a doctor. I don't even LIKE medical science. If I killed someone as a doctor I'd end up killing myself.

The stress of my life is unbearable and for a few weeks I've been figuring out what I'll do to kill myself, and I've decided I'll go for the classic hot bath bloodletting technique. 