i wish i could vanish and never know it happenedI was in 8th grade when I first had reoccurring thoughts of walking into my bedroom closet, using a belt and somehow killing myself. I told my mom tearfully one night, she threatened to hospitalize me immediately and made me feel awful for it. From that point on, my mom has treated me differently from her other children. 

I was molested repeatedly by another boy my age when I was 7. When his mom found him touching me in a closet during one of those times, she blamed it all on me, and called my parents to tell them I was touching her son. Been to therapy to deal with the trauma that arose from that (my therapist and I agree that he must have been sexually abused himself during his childhood, and was performing actions on me that his abuser did to him.) My therapist once said to me that kids who were sexually abused experience the world differently; their sense or normalcy and inner core values are changed. I agree; that experience changed my childhood in ways I later didn't realize were signs of abuse. Masturbating in public as an elementary school student. Trying to force myself on other kids during playdates, and crying when they were afraid of me. It hurt my feelings when they didn't want to do things with me. I hurt an animal. It fucked me up, and only until I was older did I realize how awful of an affect this had on me. 

I remember telling my friend about my abuse as a high school student. She laughed at me, saying it was "normal childhood curiosity" on his part. She knows the kid who did it to me. He was our neighbor growing up.

My feelings of wanting to die, or at least disappear, have been strong these past few years. Went off of SSRIs 2 years ago as I hated how they made me feel. I'm too scared to die, but the feeling is as such: if I could choose to erase myself from this world and the memories of those who love me, I'd do it. 

I don't believe in an afterlife. My mom raised me religiously and gets upset when I explain to her that prayer doesn't help my problems because I don't believe in God. 

I stay alive for my boyfriend. I love him so much. He knows nothing about my past because I'm afraid to admit to him my trauma, and the terrible things my trauma led me to do as a small child. He comes from a country where mental illness is not publicly discussed, and it's an awkward subject for him. The most he knows is that sometimes I am sad, but that it's not his fault, and I don't want to make it his problem. But some days, I think if he left me, the only person who brings me joy anymore, I'd go crazy. 

I love him so much. He loves me very much too, but is ill informed on depression and suicidal thoughts. Sometimes I'm afraid to admit to him when I think about dying. I don't want to scare him with my sexual trauma. It doesn't affect our sex life, but it's given me chronic intrusive, horrible thoughts of things I won't write here. I can't vocalize this; I've constructed a facade of stability and sanity and "she's got her shit together, she's your cheerful girlfriend who loves you and bakes you cookies just because." But when I'm away from him, I spiral. I sit in my room. I have no friends who care. 

If I were to die, the only people who would truly notice would be my family, my boss, and my boyfriend. I don't want to hurt him and reveal the depth of this deep pain. It's so hard sometimes. I want to tell him, "sometimes I think about what it would be like if I could die without knowing it, or be erased from existence, and you wouldn't remember me and feel no sadness." 

Maybe someday. I feel like I already crack too much in front of him when I cry late at night when I can see him, but I won't tell him why. He holds me all the same and tells me he loves me. Even when I do this, I hurt his heart. I know it hurts him. I can't win.