I feel like I don't belong here.Thank you to anyone that takes the time to read this.

Let me give you a little background on myself. I'm 35 years old and I live with my parents. I was born a half asian half white child. My life has been fairly privileged. At least that is what you would think from the outside looking in. I live in a relatively middle class New England town. Growing up, i was raised basically the same as every other regular kid you would see around town. This is a Christian town with Christian values. I was raised around Christians my whole life basically. The Asian side of me was pretty much ignored. My mother, who is bilingual, rarely spoke Chinese around me, and never made much of an effort to teach me any Chinese, or foster this side of my identity. She always talked bad about her family, especially her father who she claims abused my grandmother when she was growing up. So I grew up, raised like, and I mean nothing offensive here at all, a regular white kid who was born in this pretty nondescript town. And now on to the good part. My life has been pretty much a disaster from start to finish. Everything I have ever attempted turns to a pile of shit every time. I honestly feel like I've been cursed. I've been cursed by the way I was raised, which was basically, with blind ignorance. I was bascially taught to ignore the fact that I am in fact, an Asian man. The result of this is every contact I have with someone almost feels like it is just off for some reason. I look into the faces of my friends and family and they look confused. They don't understand me and I don't blame them, because I can't understand myself at all either. It's like I don't fit in. I've never had a relationship lasting longer than a few weeks at best. I always end up doing something that the other person just doesn't t understand and it's like I always ending up being powerless to fix it. I go to work every day and do this job that I find so meaningless and un-fulfilling. I can't stand it and I come home stressed out and exhausted. In this state, I have no desire to reach out and connect with anybody. Even if I did, based on my past experiences, it would all turn to shit anyway. My father, who I love very much, looks at me and he doesn't understand why I can't get it together. When I try to explain to him how I feel, he basically doesn't listen at all. He thinks I should of tried harder in school. He thinks I made all the wrong decisions and that is why I am where I am. When I try to explain to him that my life is a lot different than his was growing up, he doesn't seem to understand. Some might say my father is Autistic. He is a very smart man. He is an engineer and had a really good job he worked at for 40 years and is now retired. Anyways, whenever I try to tell him my aspirations or whatever, the look on his face is one that kind of mocks me. It's like he doesn't' think anything I would ever want to do for myself would ever work out. I dunno, that's just how it feels. It's weird it comes off feeling this way like every time I talk to him. When I go about my day to day business in white suburbia, I feel like I stick out like a sore thumb. Like when Im at a restaurant and placing my order, it's almost like the cashier is expecting me to speak Chinese or something. She's surprised I sound like the last white guy she talked to in line. I do have friends and they are mostly all very good people. But i've never quite fit in with them. After all they all look like alike and I don't, to put it simply. In the end it almost always ends up being they feel sorry for me in a way and that is why they continue to invite me places and they get to watch me fail again and again for their own amusement. They don't do this on purpose, but it is a social dynamic that is working here. The outcome of this interaction is always that I fail to fit in with them and I am doomed to repeat the same mistakes over and over again. 
