Help, from a concerned friendI’ve just received a heavy text from a friend (f18) of mine, who i met a couple months ago... She started by saying how much she appreciates our friendship and how much she values our time spent together. I was a bit worried to begin with, as this was not how she usually acts. Her sweet and lovable personality wasn’t shining through her texts as normal. She went on to explain how she’s been feeling empty and desperate. She described it as a pit, that she has previously tried to fill with drugs and alcohol. She also told me about her past traumatic experiences at school; Getting bullied to the point where people would throw her to the ground and kick her in the stomach, till she’d run to the bathroom to cough up blood. Or when she got slammed into the changing rooms’ mirror, and while the glass shards cut deep into her skin, they punched her and left her bleeding alone until her mother called the school at 5:45pm, because she wasn’t home on time. Or the countless amounts of times she’d be emotionally manipulated and abused, by her friends, peers and family. Or about how she once almost strangled her younger brother (by 2 years) while they were just playing a game, her emotions took ahold of her and her anger spiraled out of control and she couldn’t stop herself, she described it as though she was in a trance and felt like *she* wasn’t controlling herself anymore. When she heard her brother choking and kicking she released. She tried to kill her self 4 times, each time was unsuccessful because of minor inconveniences that interrupted her. There were loads more awful stories that she told me, I was crying so terribly hard as she tried to keep it together. I’ve never felt more sorrowful in my entire life. 

She ended with, 
“And I think I may be relapsing”

At this point I was at a loss for words and felt like I wasn’t experienced enough/ didn’t have the right words to be able to help her, I just don’t know how to support her in the right way, without fucking something up or saying something potentially triggering or just not helpful. At this point i’m her only true friend that she feels comfortable with, and I feel like the weight of her life lies on my shoulders and I don’t know how to handle it, I just need some guidance on what to say/how to help. Anything would be appreciated.