Fearing a breakdown more than anything but I cant stop thinking that my life is irrevocably fuck at this point.I mean realistically, I'm an atheist. I don't believe in an afterlife and this is the only game in town Et. Al. However I honestly feel like Im facing some pretty adverse life-circumstances that aern't going to be easily reversed this late in the game(almost 30). I had a childhood disease at a very young aged that is known to impact physical coordination, memory, and cognition. I was tossed into the school system after barely surviving as if nothing ever happen, with no follow ups or treatment of any kind. I didn't go to the doctor, or even the dentist for that matter after a very young age. I had academic difficultly as long as I can remember. Speech classes, slow classes, schools and programs for at risk/troubled kids. My parents pretty much let the schools do what ever they wanted with me. They were basically negligent uneducated white trash. I was in cub scouts but never once spoke to the other boys. Other parents would ask if anything was wrong with me, and the response was always "nothing, he's just quiet. That's just how he is." Teachers &amp; counselors were always asking me what the problem was and I would say "I don't know" with tears in my eyes. I never felt normal. I felt people didn't like me, that they blamed me for everything, and were constantly annoyed by me. This was all before shit really hit the fan with my parents violent divorce. Then I really just broke. All attempts at hygiene went out the window &amp; no one bothered to correct the behavior, preferring to just let me do my thing, which consisted solely of playing single player video games, and watching television. I hated the world and everyone in it. Didn't want to play with other kids, flirt with girls, or peruse any real hobbies. Horrible acne, broken glasses for months at a time. My teeth were always a problem but it was never taken care of. I've only recently discovered that a rich uncle offered to pay for my dental work but my parents refused. Started fighting all the time in middle school, basically had no friends at all for a whole decade. Fought tooth &amp; nail to drop out of high school because I just couldn't stand it any more. Had a rough time integrating in to the work force I had a hard time keeping jobs for a long time, and still do to a lesser extent on the verge of possibly losing another (job with no positive work history). Didn't start dating until I was in my 20's (still haven't had a girlfriend, &amp; never been on a second date). I did eventually get my GED, and somehow scored in the 90 percentile on the test, but when I tried going to community college I botched my financial aid, and couldn't afford to by books. I dropped all my classes but botched that too, and now owe a bunch of money. I'm at the point where I have to accept that trial &amp; error just isn't going to produce different results, and I'm never going to "find my Niche" in society, and I probably do need to be on drugs, if I'm going to ever have any chance of functioning in society on any acceptable level. I've sought help in multiple counties, and I've come to the conclusion that public mental heath is basically completely useless. Now that I have tax money coming in I have an appointment with a private psych whom I've heard good things about, and I'm looking to academia trying to contact various nearby universities. If these options don't pan out I just don't know. I cant think pass this any more if medical science cant help I guess I'm really am just junk. I cant believe this is what it has come to. I so badly want to turn around and really do something with my life, but I'm honestly really doubting that I have it in me to do so. 