Second post here, feeling desperateMy first post was a week ago, when the love of my life dumped me for my best friend. (first post for context : https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/5haanh/thinking_more_and_more_about_ending_it/)

This is still happening and nothing is going my way.
My brain is still trying to understand everything and I think he hasn't realized what is really happening.
Losing my girlfriend is just a catalyst for every thing that is wrong with my life.

It got me back to the dark years of middle school. Since then, I met her and she gave me a window to look through life, she was everything to me and I was too.

Now she's gone but I'm stuck. I'm stuck with myself and I honestly don't know if I even want to try to get better.
I almost feel good when feeling bad.
I'm not planning on killing myself very soon because there's still hope, but once the situation settles down, they will be great and happy in their new couple and I will be sad and terribly lonely.

I think when that time comes I'll consider doing it for real, right I don't have the balls to do it.
I also want to travel, and die travelling, maybe, I thought about leaving France with the money I can gather and get a no return trip to somewhere far, maybe USA.
My IRL friends are also somewhat far from where I live and/or they're just not close enough to help me emotionally.

I don't really want to die, I just want to disappear, leave all the bad memories here, because everything in my living area reminds me of her.
Literally everything, I mean, from memories to dreams, from sents to items and even places or food.
I can't listen to music anymore, cause every little line of it has been shared with her in the past 5 years and so it just doesn't help.
I try to find new music but even similar notes get me down.

On top of that, I can't get her back, they don't allow me to see her ,(even though they said they want to stay friends) it's like i've killed someone, but instead, I feel I'm the one being murdered.

My life just has no meaning or purpose now that I can't live for her. She was truly the only reason I'm still alive.

Even in some years when I could be with another person I will still get those baaaad feelings, I would never forget her and if I ever do, please kill me.