A friend told me to "just die".I met him on Tinder, he lives in a city on the other side of my country. I flew out to his city because he asked me to visit him. When I told him I bought the ticket, he said he didn't like surprises. Maybe I was supposed to check with him first/arrange it? We had been talking about it for a few months. He acted disgusted and too busy for me. He told me to stop writing him. I spent $1,200, so I still went and just hung out with friends. I know about 30 people who live in his city and I had never been there.

The last day I was in his city, I texted him and he didn't want to meet me in person but was friendly and wanted to be friends still.  Once I came back to my city, we started talking again. I considered him a friend/was still falling in love.

Fyi, he is a real person and is the person with the name he gave me and all of that is confirmed. This is where I fucked up:

(While we weren't talking and before I flew out there I spoke to his ex girlfriend on social media. I asked her if he was abusive to her. She had posted a story online accusing him of abuse, he denied it. After talking to her I decided I still wanted to get to know him, that's why I texted him while I was in his city.)

So, we became friends again and I told him I had talked to her. He flipped out because I talked to her and that is when he said these things to me in text:

He told me to "just die". He called me a "cunt". He said I am "damaged".  I emailed him about 6 times after asking if he was serious about me dying and he doubled down. He called me stalker. (I have never stalked him and I don't know what he is referring to.) He said to stay out of his life and not to contact his family or friends.

(Early on I had sent him an expensive vintage punk magazine but I never even kept his address. I don't know even know who his friends or family members are. The ex girlfriend made her post public and it was still linked to him on Facebook. It is the reason I ever even read it.)

This happened in November 2019.

Lately when I have been getting upset or having a bad day, I think he might be right. He is the fourth person to tell me to die. The other was an abusive ex who was my only and first boyfriend for 8 years, who I lost my virginity to. My mother who said it to me once when she was mad. She also told me I was a mistake pregnancy when she was mad. And a friend who was drunk and on drugs and who was mad at me once told me to die.

I am in therapy and AA for alcoholism. I am sober and have a sponsor. But this thought that I am worthless to this man I loved is hurting me so much. What do I need to do to work on processing these thoughts of uselessness?

I've gotten rid of 90% of my belongings an have stopped eating and have been over exercising as self harm. I want to disappear somehow. I think I might be codependent to people in extreme ways. Please help. I can answer any questions and take suggestions on what step to take next.