I've lost more hope, which I didn't think was even possible.tl;dr - Question, can the crisis text line or suicide prevention hotlines call the police on you without you giving permission?

---

It's so weird. I really didn't think I could get any more depressed or hopeless than I had been in the past. For some reason I've been in a low point already with my depression and suicidal thoughts lately. Then I had a terrible doctor's appointment with super bad news that basically told me I have to suffer for the rest of my life. 

I have no one to talk to about any of my feelings besides my therapist. I feel like a burden to everyone, I can't stand talking about this stuff because I don't want to be a downer so I just wallow and suffer in silence most of the time. Even the people I know don't consider me a burden, like my therapist, I still convince myself in my head that I'm a burden to them and I can't stop myself.

Speaking of my therapist, I had a super depressing realization today. I was thinking about who would possibly miss me if I went through with it, or would I have a funeral for anyone to come to, and who would come if so? I think about this a lot, and I never come up with anyone except the few people in my health care team. Anyway, the new realization I had was, the only reason I haven't gone through with suicide yet is I'm afraid of how it'll make my health care team look... How messed up is that?? I love them so much, but I don't think I can keep suffering anymore just because of that fear.

I started writing them letters thanking them for everything they've done, and I also need to write one general "F you" letter to my so-called family.

Anyway, I had a super bad day obviously and I just want it all to be over. Like the tl;dr says I'm wondering if anyone knows if the crisis text line can call the police on you without your permission? Also, please please please don't give me platitudes or cliches, I've seen and heard them a hundred times and the ones I've been able to try haven't helped.

Thank you for reading this whole thing, and I'm sorry if you did.