There's something seriously wrong with me (Long post)(This is going to be pretty gross. Don't read if you don't want to hear about hygiene problems.)

For as long as I can remember, I've had an extreme fear of physical pain/discomfort to the point of interfering with my basic hygiene. This is not a physiological problem. As far as I know, there's nothing wrong with my nervous system. My fear of pain is so great that I can't even stand the sensation of scrubbing myself in the shower. Because of this, I have lines of dirt caked on to my body, some of which have been there for more than 10 years because I'm too scared to scrub it off. 

From family and social pressure, I managed to keep parts of my body clean. Everywhere else I always cover up with clothes. But no matter how much I cover up, deep inside, I know how (literally) dirty and disgusting I truly am. The worst thing is that the longer I leave these spots uncleaned, the more the mud sets in, and the harder it will be to clean in the future. 

I feel like a ticking time bomb. As I get older and my health declines, I'll have to get regular, physically-uncomfortable medical checkups or even go through surgeries. I don't want any of that. I don't want my life artificially prolonged through physically painful procedures, but the longer I live, the more that day when I have to get, say, a heart bypass surgery, becomes closer. Even if that day is decades away, I can already feel it looming over me. To avoid that day, ever since I was a kid, I've been trying to find ways to kill myself, but I can't think of any method that isn't the tiniest bit painful at all. It's a catch-22. I want to kill myself, but I can't. If I ever gained the courage to kill myself, then I would have gotten over my fear of pain, making my main reason for wanting to kill myself null. 

I think there's something wrong with the way I'm wired, because I can only understand the fear of death on an intellectual level, but I can't tap into that fear on an emotional level at all. Pain is a mechanism to warn us about harmful/near-death situations, but I just can't see past the very solid fear of pain in order to comprehend the fear of death. I'm not afraid of jumping off a building and dying. I'm afraid of jumping off and not dying, forced to deal with physically painful consequences of such an action on the long term. 

My life is a balance between my desire to kill myself, my fear of pain holding me back, and wanting to kill myself even more because of this fear of pain. I really shouldn't be posting here, because suicide is impossible for me, but I'm already far past the breaking point. My mind has gone beyond the point of wanting to kill myself a long time ago, but my body simply cannot follow suit. I don't know how much longer I can stand this tension. I feel as if my mind is going to implode soon if I don't do something about this right now. I don't want to live in this physical world where I have to feel pain anymore.  

I tried talking to my parents about getting therapy. My dad refused to believe that anything was wrong with me and told me that I'm just "afraid of death". My mom told me that everything would be okay when I get pregnant and give birth to a baby. Afterwards, they proceeded as if this conversation never happened. My parents are from a very conservative cultural background where psychology isn't really a thing and women only have one real path in life, getting married and having kids (hence that crazy pregnancy comment), but hearing these things from them still hurt. A few months ago, I finally broke down and talked to my mom again. This time, she said we couldn't afford therapy. This is somewhat true. We're at that income bracket where we're too rich to qualify for stuff like financial aid, but still have to penny pinch to pay off loans. I'm in college right now and we have reduced price therapy, but we only have a limited number of sessions before we're referred to outside help. I'm not sure if I can build up enough trust in such a short amount of time to talk about these issues in real life, and I don't think these are the types of issues that school counselors are most qualified for. Even if I did talk to a therapist, I don't know how I can even begin to talk about these things. How can I look someone in the eye and say what I wrote above without dissolving into a crazy mess of laughing and crying at how ridiculously stupid this whole situation is?

I've never had a real job before. I'm trying to get one, but I keep getting rejected because I'm so socially awkward. I have no friends right now in college (I just ended up pushing my last friend away) and can go for days without talking. I have only one hobby, and other than this hobby, the only things I enjoy in my life are eating, sleeping, going on the internet, and the field that I'm studying. For the life of me, I can't bring myself to become interested in any other hobbies, and I have to literally force myself to learn pop culture in order to still have something to talk about with other people. I'm so not used to talking that every time I speak, I start slurring my words, getting lost on my train of thought, and putting the wrong tone/inflection into my sentences. My hobby is pretty weird and esoteric, so I refrain from talking about it with other people. Because of this, I come off as a really boring person who only cares about schoolwork, and that's not too off the mark, either. I'm pretty much incompetent at anything other than academics. 

When I walk down the street, people stare at me like I'm a crazy person. My parents told me before that there's something "off" about my body posture, but I can't seem to detect what's wrong about it myself. I'm so lonely. This is going to sound so pathetic, but I have an imaginary boyfriend that I hold conversations with in my head. I'm very well aware that he's not real. It's just a way to cope with my loneliness, I guess, because there's no way that someone with a disgusting body and a crazy brain like mine could ever get a boyfriend. 

I used to think that despite of my fear of pain, I was a person with some value, so I should still make an attempt to live. But now that my whole life is a mess, I'm not so sure about that anymore. I'm fucked up and I don't know where to turn. 