Waking up is awfulI don’t want to wake up anymore.

I open my eyes and it’s another day. 
I open my eyes and I’m still at rock bottom not going anywhere. 
I open my eyes yet again and realize I’ve been doing it for 10950 days and counting, still nothing has changed. 
I was born dirt poor on rock bottom, I was raised there by substance abusing rock bottom breeders and then they died and left me in the care of rock bottom bred substitute, who tried and failed to save me, ultimately she stood by idly and watch as the inferno that was my life burned to cinders, 
my teenage pregnancy stopped my world, yet saved my miserable life! it forced me
Every day to open my eyes, to try, try again and again, still no matter what I do, no matter how I fight, cry, work, scratch or claw there is no way, absolutely no way out of this waking nightmare! That is rock bottom once you open your eyes.
So much has happened since.... a new love another love child. 
So why not smile,? the sinking feeling settles in, seems like it all works out in the end,? I asked myself that to, but in between, so much more loss and pain I can’t fucking do it again so many lost opportunity, businesses, house, so so many sacrifices so many many scars! No I’m no angel, I have my fair share of blame...... once seemingly headed for the sky, but It was just a dream a moment in time and then I opened my eyes again, back at rock bottom we are, claws sunk deep trying to hold on to my sanity the harder I grasp hold of reality the more it attempts to evade me, the more I try to improve the more I seem to fuck up! My mental state in constant deterioration, and positivity bleeding out to fast to replace, I no longer recognize this place it has hints of a familiar place .... rock bottom but sometimes seems deeper..... how the fuck did I get here? Where to now? 
And still I every day I open my eyes. To cowardice to end the nightmare to fragile to power through..... what the fuck am I to do...? I think I’m loosing all sanity to. I want to stay in a colorful dream, because this waking nightmare is to much to bear.