I am sorry I can't take this anymore.For the past 2 years I have been struggling with depression, anxiety and constant suicidal thoughts, but today things became so much worse.

My overall problem is that I just feel so utterly worthless and pointless. I cannot describe how much I hate myself. I know for a fact that I am never going to achieve anything in life whatsoever. I am an unlikable person and because of that I don't have friends. Nobody likes me, and for a good reason. I am so annoying and negative. Sadly, I can't seem to find a way to fix myself and that is why I certainly won't achieve anything in a social aspect.

But that is not where it ends. I have no chance of success in terms of career aswell. I am so stupid. I have no talent. When I was younger people used to tell me that I am good at math and physics and naturally I started believing them. I thought my life's purpose was to become a scientist one day. I was so naive. 2 years ago I realized that they all lied to me. I was never even mediocre in that field. Yeah, I won prizes on a few competitions, but for me that was sheer luck. I have never deserved them. 

The situation became a lot worse today. I am on a competition again feeling like shit, because I know that I failed once again. My stupidity started becoming apparent. I feel worse than I ever have. I haven't eaten anything today. I am basically living on self-hate right now. I can't get out of the bed in the hotel room. The good thing is that my room is on the 16th floor. Maybe I will finally get the courage to finally jump and end all of my pain. I have everything prepared. What makes things worse is that I have told all these things to a girl that was concerned because my depression became more visible recently and is on the same competition and she knows that I failed, but she doesn't seem to care at all. She was telling me about how much she cared and how everybody would miss me if I were to kill myself, but now it seems like she doesn't care at all. I completely understand her, but it still breaks my heart and it hurts so much.

I am sorry that this post turned out to be such a mess. I just needed to vent because all these thoughts have been killing me from the inside.