I just don't know if I can do it anymoreNot really sure what to include in this but I will just dive in. If it matters I am an 18 year old male. All my life I have struggled with really bad anxiety which leads to me being depressed and sometimes sucudial kind of like today. It really started happening g when I was in the 5th grade. I always kind of make assumptions of what people are thinking about me which I know are almost never true but I still think them and get myself down. Majority of it is all in my head. I take mess for anxiety and depression. I know I have some kind of chemical imbalance in my head because there is no way this is normal. I am graduated now working but not going to college because I hated school and even if it is going to be different like people say. I was going through a really tough time during my senior and junior year of highschool. In senior year I attempted sucicde which put me in lockdown in the hospital for a little over a week. To be honest it was more of a calm for help to my parents but it didn't really do what I had wanted it to. After I was back in school I just stayed home and slept most of the days. I eventually just stopped going and basically dropped out failing a lot of my classes. I didn't want to go back to get my ged so I want and toon the final exams which if I passed I would graduate. I passed both. Now I am just kind of slowly wasting away just starting to feel sad more and more often and I hate it. I just want it all to stop but I can't do anything. A big part of me just always feels alone even when people are with me because I often times doubt that they care so I make it seem like I am all alone. I have had several good friends but most don't last because I don't try and keep it together. I have two good friends now and some online ones which although they care doesn't feel the same. I have had opurtunitys to have a girlfriend as well. During highschoom I was asked out 3 times by different girls but denied all of them thinking to myself that they can do better then me. The one I even had a crush on for a while and then she ended up dating my best friend not that I have a right to complain about it. I honestly just hate how I feel and nothing I do can really change it.