I don't have a reasonSince I was kid I loved football, I was probably the happiest person on the planet just with the ball. The time flew and life was pretty much beautiful, because football was the way for me to forget the world, forget all the problems. 

Later in high-school, I was diagnosed with tumor in my knee, had to stop doing all activities. Slowly stopped talking to people, kept everything in me, gained few pounds, started to hate the world, why me. 

My life became just gaming for few years, sure there were attempts on girls, but I've been so lucky that first I fell for moved to Paris, 2nd moved to Canada. (I'm from Slovakia) The another attempt broke me so hard, that I wasn't talking to anyone anymore. Then something happened with my skin, had terrible acne for maybe another 3 years, trying to get rid of it any way, but it just didn't work out. 

I've been so done with my life, thinking about why should I even live? What's next for me? What's the point, cut connection with "friends" who only needed me when they wanted something, but if I wanted something they disappeared like ghosts.

Finished high school, started Uni, it felt good for a while. But my acne got even worse, I was afraid of going into public, I was scared of what are other people thinking. I tried fucking everything to get rid of it. Can't invite that beautiful girl out with that ugly acne scarface, can't go out without everyone looking and pointing at you. So I stayed home, forgot all the social life, got a little job while studying so I won't have to think about all the bullshit.

After 4 years, and probably millionth attempt of getting rid of it, I saw it's getting better, even if the pills caused depression(even bigger than I had) I was getting happier cos it was looking good. Around 3 months later that semester, we had this group project where we were 3 boys and 1 girl, I barely knew her, cos she arrived to our class just this semester. I didn't think much but after talking about this project we kept kinda longer and it was really nice feeling. Later that day she texted me she have to see me tomorrow asap. She got me, 3 years older, beautiful girl, which I couldn't even imagine wanted to see me.

Next almost 3 months were so beautiful, we were going for trips all around, getting to know each other, everything looked so good. I started to gain confidence, after maybe 7 years? I started to visit gym, started to love running again, everything looked so perfect.

Then, I bought her roses, she made the dinner, we had beautiful night, and very next day she simply didn't even wanted to talk, write or anything. And since we had this "family sharing" where you can see each other location anytime (it was her idea), I checked it randomly and she was with her ex. Who she was cursing probably whole time, how the hell she even was able to be with him, how she can't stand him even 1 minute when she wanted to pack he things and so on.

Things escalated and work got full of rage, people screaming at each other, school became unbearable, literally everything went downhill after that. 

I can't focus anymore, she was the reason, I tried to look at everything from the lighter side. To say, fuck all the bad, and focus on her, because she made me smile, she was the only person who said to me I love you, after 23 years I though I found someone, who actually cares. 

But it was probably just a game, I wake up early at 4AM thinking about why? I usually wake up at 6AM going for an early run saying it will be nice day. Now I can't. I try to run, I quit. I don't see happiness in it anymore. I don't see happiness in anything. Tried gym again, tried everything I loved, games, films, nothing works now. She gave me hope and she took it away. 

I've got my papers ready, I'm ready to end all of this, I've been thinking about suicide(really close to it) twice in my life, somehow I made kept going. But I'm not so strong this time, I just don't have a reason anymore, don't have a will to breath.