My mental health isn't allowing for my college education to happen; I can't drop out or even transfer without facing my family's disapproval which I'm also not ready for.I'm severely depressed (depressive phase of bipolar, I think NOS?), the kind where it won't take much for me to off myself. And I'm severely anxious, the kind where if I even start to think about things that I have to do that are stressing me out, I either repress everything instantly or start sort-of hyperventilating. 

I'm too anxious to even think about my increasingly large pile of homework, let alone do it, and the less I do, the more depressed and angry at myself I get, and the more depressed I get, the greater my suicide risk, and the greater my suicide risk... you see where this is going. 

If I stay in school and try to pass I'll let the stress get to me and I'm pretty sure I'm going to end up killing myself. If I stay in school and let myself fail I'm pretty sure I'm going to kill myself. 

If I go home, I'll have to deal with my parents (the whole "you dropped out but you're *oh so smart* why would you deny yourself such an opportunity"), and I'm almost certain I'm going to kill myself. 

If I switch to an easier school, same thing as above (&lt;collegename&gt;'s such a *good* school, why would you transfer, what are you doing to yourself?). I'll get the guilt from the parents *and* the workload. 

If I drop and try to get an apartment away from my family or something... I couldn't do it. I don't know anything about the real world and I'm afraid to even think about maybe trying to learn. I think I'd *rather* kill myself than bother with this one. Even with a roommate. Especially with a roommate. Bad experiences.

I'm not mentally healthy enough for college right now. I'm not mentally healthy enough to deal with my parents right now. I'm not mentally healthy enough to try and live alone or with any roommate I could get right now. I'm not mentally healthy enough to even work right now. But I need to get a job and be self-sufficient at some point or I might as well die now for being a waste of space. 

I don't know what I'm supposed to do. The more I think about the more I think that suicide is *logical.* A great choice for someone who simply can't cope. For someone who seems not to want to. I keep making excuses for myself. I feel like a useless sack of shit. I feel like I have no other option. 