It's my 20th birthday. Depress throughout my life (since 6), Very depressed now, have a friend who understand me (but is equally depress as I am). Should I talk to him or will it cause him go suicidal?Life is very hard and I never really have a year without constant depression.

Bullied by classmate/teacher in elementary school, parent divorced at 8 and think my existence is mistake, my family dont care about me anymore and harasses me at junior high, felt in love about a dozen times, all result in tragedy. Mother is alt right and try to brainwash me into accepting colonialism 'for my own good' 'that's how society work'. But I just work and work, often 12 hour a day (sometimes more) to escape all the problem. It get me into a top 10 cs school, and I am doing research, hoping to publish paper and get into PHD. The work itself is already stressful enough since I am sacrificing all time (which cause my GPA to fall) I have but I still doubt if it is enough. Now my mother cut my tuition since I do not want to live with them (one hour from school/to there, constant interruption of her arguing with my brother/grandma about inconsequential stuff, or brainwashing me, at about 3hour, scattered across whole day, and programming require 30min of concentration to be 'in the mode'). Now my dream at doing a CS PHD is crushed. 

I'm planning to see some psychological treatment when the sun rise but they are all closed, suicide hotline also had no one, cannot go to sleep since I have research deadline today (and I havent work on it since I just finished final, so better work the night), and is just too depressed to fall asleep. I also cant work since the once joyful code turned into a constant reminder of my crushed dream. I dont really see another end to my life other than pain and disillusion, and feel like jumping out of the seven store building.

My friend is in China so he is awake now, he also gone through hell of a lot, he is also similar to me in lots of way so know how I feel, should I talk to him or try to bear the pain till morning? I dont want my selfishness cause him to die.