Called the suicide hotline. That was a mistake.A week ago wife of seven years told me that she hasn't loved me for the last year or so, and asked me for a separation. I was blindsided and, quite frankly, still on shock. The one person I've ever truly loved just doesn't reciprocate, it was a really rough feeling. It is a really rough feeling.

I called the suicide hotline. I'm not entirely sure why. I wasn't particularly suicidal, but I felt like if I didn't talk to SOMEONE about it, I could spiral. I was just really sad and wanted someone to tell me I was going to be okay. So I googled crisis hotline and it was the first thing that stood out to me. 

This apathetic, bored sounding woman asked a bunch of leading questions about suicide. I get it, it's their hotline. But she just kept digging and digging into how I would do it, do I have means, do I think people would miss me, etc. Again, all I wanted was to talk to someone. My whole reality was broken and I wanted someone to tell me I was going to be okay.

I told her that this wasn't what I needed right now, I just wanted to talk to someone so I was going to call my parents instead. And then I hung up. Probably not the smartest call in hindsight to hang up, but I didn't want to talk about killing myself anymore. I wanted my dad.

They called the cops. I had 4 police cars and 7 police officers surrounding me in front of my house. They put me in handcuffs in front of my kids and all of my neighbors, drove me to the hospital against my will, strip searched me like a criminal, and kept me in handcuffs for over two hours while we waited for a doctor to come talk to me and decide I wasn't suicidal.

I understand that suicide is a serious issue. I do. I'm not suicidal right now, just so incredibly sad. But being treated like a criminal in handcuffs and being publicly embarrassed in front of everyone is certainly NOT what I needed in the most traumatic experience of my life.

I hope that the suicide hotline experience isn't the same for everyone, but it certainly left a bad taste in my mouth.