I was ready to end it after arguing with my momI get extremely disgusted by the sound of other people chewing, so I would have my airpods in listening to music to drown out the noise. My mom got mad at me for wearing airpods while eating and she told me to put my phone away. After the meal my dad asks me why I would need to listen to music while eating. I explain to him that the sound of other people chewing makes me really uncomfortable. He tells my mom and she's enraged to hear this telling me that I'm abusing my freedom of speech. She tells me the world doesn't revolve around me (I obviously know this) and asks me "What do you want? that we (the family) will either eat without you or that you eat alone?" I thought she was genuinely asking and I said "I'd prefer to eat alone in my room." She flips out and tells me that I need to suck it up, that I should have thought before saying how uncomfortable the sound of chewing makes me - that its such a small thing I shouldn't have said. Her screaming all of these things to me freaks me out and I start to cry I was thinking about how I could end it in the bathroom. I felt so overwhelmed.

She then leaves and I am sitting alone with my dad. I have a lot of tests to revise for so I tell my dad that I'm fine and that I need to print out my revision. He can tell I'm clearly not okay and he hugs me and he says that "I don't want to hurt you baby." I hug him back and start to cry again and he begins to cry with me. I felt so safe I was ready to end it all but I can't bear the thought of how much it could hurt my dad. I love him so much. I wish that such a small thing such as me being uncomfortable with the sound of other people chewing didn't make my mom so mad and make me want to end it all but my dad helped me feel okay. I am grateful for how he kept me grounded, I'm just afraid of how I could react if he wasn't here.

TL;DR: Argued with my mom, felt ready to end it all, dad comforted me in a way that may have saved me. I genuinely feel that I'm doing better now even if I have these thoughts sometimes.