I'm [31] chubby, unemployed, autistic, live with my elderly parents, am pedophile, and I'm addicted to drugs.I already see the Reddit stereotype, so please don't mention it.

It dawned on me recently, that being this old and still living with them [73] and [76] makes me a loser.  I'd made up excuses in the past, working odd jobs pretending the recession was stopping me, or taking classes at the community college.  I am so far behind my peers that I feel like I will never catch up.

On top of it all, I have perverted thoughts, and am diagnosed autistic.  I told my therapist about the thoughts and he just told me to make sure that I never act on them, and that working through it would take time.  That hasn't helped in 10 years though, when I last talked to him.

I've been spending too much money on weed and oxy from my neighbor.

Just typing the headline make me feel irredeemable.  I'm a good person, I would never act on the thoughts, but they are there and they are very strong.  People catch me staring at little girls and boys and give me looks, and no one leaves me alone with kids among my friends and family.  It's made me a pariah, but no one has been able to do anything except shun me since I would never touch anyone.

Or maybe I'm fooling myself, and this isn't an illness and I'm just indulging in sick thoughts to get off.  But I wouldn't do anything ever.

I'm starting to wonder what opportunity could ever make my life worth living?  Nothing, I guess.  Minimum wage jobs, or getting cash from others in the apartments doing odd jobs.  I won't be successful.  My fucked up mind will push anyone away, any of the small adult women I start to date will realize why I am attracted to them.

My parents tolerate me, that I have.  They yell, and they tell me what's wrong with me, and it's rude and I need it.  They see a pile of shit and shelter and feed and help with insulin it despite having no obligation at this point.  The others in the clubs would understand why the cut me loose, and have even accused them of enabling me, yet they provide.  I love them for doing this, sincerely.

If I decided to OD, and make sure it works, I could go out peacefully.  No more lonely bing-eating, no more hope and disappointment.

I am honestly 50/50 about this, and I want an honest answer.
* Am I being delusional?  Just depressed?  Then I should work through it and live the next 31 years in joy?
* Am I just skrewed up?  If I am, then I really do want to know.  If you think this, don't tone it down, be frank.  I will understand the honesty, and appreciate knowing the way out of this with the least suffering, and others will be better off too.  It would suck, but knowing the truth is better for everyone than a white lie

Thank you Reddit.