Trauma from NovemberI've always struggled with suicidal thoughts. I had two real attempts, one at 12 and one at 23, I am 29 now. I understand the reasons why this is, but these thoughts have been under control more or less the last few years. Daily thoughts of suicide with no desire to take action with these thoughts, they were an annoyance, a relic of old programming. Been actually struggling with these thoughts since November. In 2012 I joined an academic program to become a respiratory therapist because my life at that point had just been crap. I wanted meaning, I wanted money, I wanted to be independent, I wanted to travel. I wanted to be in a good place to marry my bf (now fiance). I thought that this was like...one of those opportunities, something that comes up that's like the answer to all my problems. And so I worked really hard. I got my shit together and managed to do really well too. Then a year ago I got really depressed. The program was taking its toll, I had to quit my job because I had no out of school time anymore. When I wasn't at school for the 20 hours of classes and 20 hours of lab, I was trying to study until I would fall asleep exhausted, my living situation changed to living with my in-laws with the premise they would rarely be home, but they ended up being home all the time so I was stuck up in my room with no freedom from these two retired, but really nice old people. I had been in the same lab group in school until this time too, when they switched me into a group of people I didn't know well and into the group with a guy who would follow me around and be creepy in general. It was distressing and I tried to tell my fiance about it, but he was very dismissive. I am so used to ignoring my needs and trying to meet other's expectations that I just...told myself that I'd get through this. I'd got through stuff before.

And then last June I started my clinicals: 1500 unpaid practicum at an acute care trauma hospital. It started off well because my theory was solid and I knew more or less what I was doing, but the hours were long. 60 hour weeks of 12 hour shifts including nights in which I was expected to be the perfect learner, get in there, be confident...I had never done this before. I had never seen a lot of blood before. I had never experienced a true code. And so I was a little shocked, and this worked against me. I got yelled at by the person in charge of me. After that things got shitty. I got spoken to by a supervisor for being too friendly, and he said to my face that respiratory therapists talk shit about students behind their backs. My anxiety became worse, but I kept trying. I figured I needed to toughen up, this was acute care! I needed a better game face, so I started working on it and things started to get better. Then one day in ICU I got paired with a preceptor who immediately started bullying me, ignoring me when I asked questions or for help. I heard her talking shit about me with the other RTs there. She tried to get the nurse in on bullying me. She made me go set up for a procedure that I had never done or set up before. When I asked her what was the best order to do it, just so I could have a guideline she told me I should be able to figure it out. Well, I was set up to fail, and so even though I did my best she was extremely cruel with me, and even though I did things that I later learned is how others do it, she criticized  every action. When we were doing the procedure the resident messed up, and some information hadn't been passed on about the patient, and suddenly we couldn't ventilate him, but then the physician managed to fix it, like last minute seconds from coding the guy. When I tried to get like...feedback during debriefing, she yelled at me about how one time she had to hold together a guy's skull as brains were coming out, it was like my trauma triggered her trauma. These people have no compassion anymore, not with themselves and definitely not for weaklings like me. She had no patience for my learning. She blamed my incompetence for almost killing the patient, which was not true, but it made me doubt myself. It was horrible, it wasn't my part in the procedure that went wrong, or my setup that went wrong even though I had never done it before, but she blamed me and treated me so badly. I was strongly triggered because of it, even though I knew what happened would have happened whether or not I'd been there, emotionally it shook me to the core. Later on that day she told me she sent an e-mail to the clinical coordinator because she was seriously concerned, and I got written up. When I saw what she said about me it was ridiculous. She said I was being abusive, she said that I obviously didn't want to learn, etc. And I had to sign it saying it was all true even though it wasn't representative of what happened.

The night after all of this went down, I came home crying and suicidal, wanting to self harm. I told my fiance and he became inpatient, but I calmed down after a while anyways. We decided to sit down and watch TV, and as I was watching TV I started having flashbacks. I forgot where I was, and felt like I was back in the room with my patient and this preceptor. When my fiance would touch me I would start out of it, shaking. When he asked me what was wrong I didn't even know how to describe what was happening. And it kept happening. I had never had flashbacks before, and it was scary. I don't think I slept that night, but I can't be sure. I've had nightmares ever since.

I managed to finish off the month, but in December I started being unable to sleep before shifts, and I would get massive digestive issues to the point where it would be better not to eat. I started calling in sick a lot. Then X-mas holidays happened and I got a break from the stress. I felt more like myself. I started feeling again, mostly, I guess processing what was happening, and it fucking hate the hospital. I am so grudgy, and angry about what happened. Then January happened and I was supposed to start my pediatric rotation, and I just couldn't do it.

I just couldn't make myself go. I didn't want to go back because I didn't want to be responsible for a patient dying, I didn't want to go back because the people who were in charge of me bullied me, made me feel alone and ostracized, I didn't want to go back because I know I'm soft. I was getting triggered by what people were saying to my patients (the nurse telling my patient she stank, my preceptor making fun of the mother playing with her blind baby, my preceptor telling me that you just lose your compassion). I wasn't allowed to sit with them, or talk with them. I heard the way they talked about each other behind their back and I knew they talked that way about me and my classmates too. The whole environment became so triggering. The compassion fatigue hurt me when I heard it, even when it wasn't directed at me. I told my fiance that I wanted to quit the program one semester from graduation, only 500 hours left of practicum, for the sake of my mental health. I told him I didn't want to kill myself over respiratory therapy. But he told me I was so close etc. Which I was, and it would be a shame, but I couldn't make myself do it.

He wasn't understanding. I get it. We had all these plans. I'd get a job, make bucket loads of money, he could go to part time working and go back to school. We would get married. We would travel, I would visit the places I always wanted to visit. We'd buy a place. Good plans. I felt guilty and bad for ruining his dreams, for ruining our plans.

So I said okay, I'll keep going. But then after a couple of shifts I got super triggered, not just from what happened in the hospital in November but just...in general from my childhood, and young adulthood. I couldn't make myself go, but I couldn't face my fiance and tell him the truth. Truth being I couldn't meet his expectations of going. The idea of going makes me sick, and I am so jaded, and bitter, and angry, and depressed, and lonely, and miserable. He is miserable to me, yells sometimes and I feel so responsible for his feelings, even though I know I'm not. I guess...since we're engaged and have been together for 6 years, and this was a plan for a long time. I'd be an RT and get work and support him like he's supported me through this nightmare of a program.

So here I am now. I've been lying about it for a month. I've lied about going to the shifts, I've lied about withdrawing from the program. I've ruined everything, all of our plans. I spent 3 years of my life doing this and working towards this, and he's supported me. I feel so bad about putting my mental health first because it means I've disappointed him, and been dishonest and deceptive about it. So in an attempt to save myself, I just put the nail in the coffin. I just can't work in a place like that, where the job is dealing with the worst days of the lives of an endless parade of unfortunate souls.

I feel like there is no point to my life. After my previous attempts I was always like, this can't possibly last forever but it keeps lasting. Since I was 12 it's been lasting. And I just don't want to disappoint anyone else, including myself. I've seen death now, I know it. I've seen old people die, young people die, I saw a baby die and I've seen little kids who may as well be dead. And it's all the more tempting to sink into the absence of everything. I just keep wasting time, I keep wasting people's resources and money. I don't think my life will ever be okay, I thought this was the opportunity to get out of it. I was cynical before, but now I am just so jaded. I am tired of being abused and bullied everywhere I go, of working hard, trying hard, being kind and compassionate and just shit on by events and myself. I'm thinking regarding my relationship with my fiance, everything's gone to shit. I keep feeling like I need to break off the engagement and leave him because I am just bringing him down, and after he finds out the truth and that I've lied he won't be like oh she did it because she's been traumatized by what she saw, and feels like dying now, he will just see me for the piece of shit that I actually am and leave me anyways. It's the strange sort of calm that happened before my last suicide. Where I was rational, logical, and deliberate, and I want to let it happen. Not only will my fiance be, at best, seriously disappointed and pissed at me, my parents who were beginning to respect me a little for working so hard will go back to their default I'm a big fat loser not even worthy of being acknowledged. I get the sense that this is like...PTSD, and I know I could go get help and this is probably a legit reason for my behavior, despite what anyone else thinks about it, but I just don't want to keep trudging along. I'm in therapy, and it's helped regarding my childhood trauma and adult manifestations, but I'm just TIRED. I'm tired of this. Tired of being a wreck of a person and living with the endless well of unhappiness and despair.

Today I've got a meeting to finalize withdrawing from the program. I believe in the reason I'm doing it, but I don't want to face the reality that this means. I am afraid that after the meeting I will do something that, only if I survive, I will regret.