I'm a horrible person and no amount of good deeds will change that. I hate being miserable most of the time, but it seems to be my default.   I am a terrible person and I don’t know why. Before you chime in with good intentions, I don’t think I’m a malicious or evil person, just not a very good one. I have tried to devote my life to being a kinder, nicer, more altruistic type but it does nothing to change my natural tendency for rottenness. I work in social services specifically helping those with mental health or homelessness issues, I don’t tell (and sometimes actually hide) when I do something nice for another person, I try to recycle, donate, turn off lights. I give to charity, tell the cashier when they missed an item, smile at strangers, hold doors open, give up the last of something for someone else, and I make a point of knowing little things about people so when I do something special, sometimes randomly to make them feel good, it’s a little extra personal. I could continue padding my “good deeds resume” but I’ll get to the point. 


  It makes me feel good to do these things, but sometimes I think I only do them to balance out how shitty I am or have been. I’ve lied, cheated, stolen, drank too much and screamed, threw things, said the most horrible hurtful things I could possibly imagine to those I care most about. I think awful things about others, usually just comparing them to myself in regards to looks and achievements because I have such a low self esteem. Being mean, in my head only, makes me feel superior in a way. I hate my partner’s cat even though I am such an animal person (mostly dogs) and this cat is the most friendly and cuddly one I’ve met. The cat likes to sit on my partner’s lap and stare at me smugly, like it thinks it owns the place. My dog knows who the leader is, but this cat just walks around sticking its dumb nose into food unless I clap my hands at it. It won't ever stop trying to sneak where it isn’t allowed, and even though the cat isn’t actually doing anything wrong, I just don’t want it around. If I hear it come out of its room area, I get up and get something to drink because I know it will scare the cat back to its bed and away from me and my partner.

  I am constantly irritable, sarcastic, and quick to lash out even though I have tried very hard to, sometimes literally, bite my tongue. In the moment I just can’t tell I’m being mean or harsh.  I am on the verge of leaving my partner every time things get tough despite loving them so much. I don’t deserve them yet every few weeks I start to think low of them and how I would be better off single. I think this for almost no reason. It’s not just them, I’ve done it to every partner- except the ones I became erratic and crazy with after sleeping together once. I want to marry my partner, be content more than contemplative, but know we will divorce because I’ll end up divorcing anyone I end up marrying. It’s like every inch of my body rejects any sort of happiness, or confidence, or optimism. It’s like I have an inability to be happy, like I enjoy being miserable. People describe me as nice, bubbly, caring but I know inside I’m on a perpetual spiral of “what’s wrong this week”, “how can I fuck this up”, “how am I better/worse than this person” or my favorite “let's take every and any happy memory and sour it”. 

Yes I’ve seen a counsellor, since I was a child actually. Yes I tried and am on medication, which helped me get past depression fatigue and get my life in order and functioning.  But really it only uncovered that deep down I am bad natured and no amount of good deeds with change that. I’m rotten and will stay miserable and mean forever. I’m probably a narcissist and am just blaming my past on why I’m so inclined to be greedy, mean spirited, and selfish. I just don’t know that I can take it anymore. 
