Too big of a coward to go through with suicide. I need to die.I wish I had a gun so I could go through with it with minimal pain. Or even some explosives. But damn they make lethal things hard to get. Plus I don’t think I’d pass a background check for a gun. So that sucks. Don’t live near any tall buildings or trains. I mean I have a noose pre tied. But that would be painful. And I’m a little bitch about it. I’m a fucking shitty worthless person. I need to die. Existing is pain. I thought I could get better but boy was I wrong. I just get a little glimpse of happiness before I get reminded of how fucking awful a person I am. There’s nothing for me here. I ruin people’s lives. I’m lazy, apathetic, mean and stupid. Maybe I’m rattling on because I don’t really want to die. I want the pain to end. Fuck it’d solve so many problems though. I can only talk to people when I’m fucking drunk. I have no money. I’m a waste of space. Waste of other people’s resources. Emotionally abusive. Fuck what don’t I have going for me. No one is going to fucking respond. It’s impossible with this many fucking people. Maybe I’ll get a sentence or two but who am I fucking kidding. This is a fucking vent into oblivion. I want to die. No one would take me seriously in my life if I asked for help anyways. They never did. Part of me wants to make everyone regret everything they never did. Feel guilty for the rest of their lives. It’d be so cool to blow myself up too. Plus super lethal. Like 97% or some shit. I wish I was the pitiable romanticized kind of suicidal. But no I’m the fucking piece of shit who’s an asshole and pissed off at the world. No one likes that type of suicidal.  Whenever I open up I just get told I’m being dramatic. I have no future. I’m lucky I haven’t been kicked out yet. Although as the end of my senior year approaches idk. Damn I asked to go to therapy and got ignored too. I wish I lived near taller buildings. My life is pretty good but I’m still miserable. Nothing will make me happy. I’d do drugs if I was social enough to get some. 