First time posting but this isn't for attentionI've been a casual lurker of reddit for many years, but have never posted so much as a responmse. Please excuse the many typos and grammatical errors - i am physucally disabled and typin on a keyboard is difficult, and autocorrect can be even more difficukt. I also don't know the etiquette so I apologise if this isn't proper.  


I need to end my life. My relationship has ended. I'm not a needy person who can't be single- very much the opposite. I've single most of my 40 years. But I became disabled suddenly 13 years ago. My permanent injuries are still reuiring surgery today, and I don't have pain relief since 'opiates are the devil'. My body was literally crushed in my car and they should have amputtated but deciced ro 'save' my legs, which were literally 'pulverized' as the doctors and techs put it. I have spinal damage too, and now suffer from extreme RA and OA in addition to the injuries. I'm filled with all sorts of mesh and metal. My legs and hand are contoreted and the RA and OA has gotten severe quickly and i'm homebound, pretty much bedbound now. I lived with my partner. He helped me bathe, he was the only reason i ever got to go anyehere (concerts or short trips) since i cannot do it on my own physically or financially. He even had to buy my recent £6000. wheelchair, and when it goes out in a year or two, i won't have one.   


he still worked full time and i look after myself, i'm not totally helpless. But i need help bathing since the bathroom in his house isn't accessible at all. We had just got it approved to be done by the council free of charge, then had a majpr argument and he wants me out of his life forever. In the beginning he still wanted me to saty, he suggested it, and stillw ante dto attend my dr appointments with me. Then overnight on Sunday, he chhanged and couldn't stand the sight of me. He made me call the council and tell them to stop procedure on the bathroom, he wants me out asap. As i have no income all i will get is a shitty council flat in a rough area, i wont be able to afford a phone, or any luxuries, and wont be able to leave the property since i have no family and only a casual friend.   


I could give more detail, but basically i cannot accept a totally isolated life (the chariritie only visit pensioners), without even cable/netflix or internet, and not being able to go do all the things i'd planned to do with him. I was just starting to use my very small monthly PIP to buy craft supplies and start doing those since it was something i could do from home. He's already stopped helping me bathe and said to use wet wipes, he also wont prepare food anymore so i live on snack bars. I can't and won't accept a fate like this. He's taken me out of his will (the house was going to be mine) and he was going to give me a funeral and headstone when i die. Now when i die they'll find me dead in my council flat after i dont pay the bills, and i wont have a headston. Which kills me as my mother didn't have a burial or headstone either.  


I honeslty don't have anything to live for. I need to find the surest way to kill mysef that is the most pain free. I have aurvived a violent rape and being nearly kileld by a drunk driver, i just know that if i wheel off a bridge i'll survive but be more crippled and in more pain. Obv the best way would be a lethal dose of heroin, however as i've never purchased drugs in my life, and don't know anyone who uses, no one is going to sell to me...and i don't know how to mainline. Its so unfair that in severe cases like mine when the person has no future and only pain, assisited suicide isn't legal.   


So, I need to know either a- how do i go about seeming street smart so i can attempt to score heroin, or b- what is a surefire way that will definitley kill me. I really need help guys, and this isn't just cause I'm heartbroken over a breakup. I've wished everyday for oer 10 yrs i'd died when the drunk driver hit me, as i hate being fat, in pain and homebound. But i don't deserve to suffer even more greatly. Help me out?