What is the point of living if you’re constantly in pain ?This is a serious question: what is the literal point of being alive ? It seems very pointless in today’s society to be either dead or alive because someone can easily replace you. People with mental illness are just reduced to simple statistics. There is nothing worth fighting for on this god forsaken cesspool planet. I can’t find someone who truly loves me (mutually or romantically). I do know I have friends online who love be but it’s never enough. I want to meet them and hug them. I adore fictional characters and animals more than any other fleshy human at this point. Everything seems so hopeless. I’ve attempted suicide over like 20 times throughout this year and nobody cares. Nothing would change if my attempts worked. I always hear people say “keep fighting” and “smile and survive”. Keep fighting for what ?? There is nothing to fight for. Life is short and not worth anything anyway. And plus, everyone always says the same thing: “talk to someone, call the hotline.” The hotline is fuckshit, and usually when you talk to people about it, they want nothing to do with it. There are those very very rare people who are very compassionate and express love for someone just trying. I’m stuck with clowns 🤡 who keep denying depression and it’s driving me insane. Nobody around me would actually listen to what I’m saying. And on my best days, suicide still seems like a good idea. It’s like I can’t go back to being un-suicidal. Everyone around me can just die for being turds. “It gets better”. Not for everyone. I might live for a few more weeks but then attempt suicide again. That’s my life now, as unhealthy as it sounds. It doesn’t matter because everything is pointless and we will all die one day right ? So what’s the point ? In today’s society, you always need money. Money. If I had like 10M dollars most of my problems would go way. I don’t care if I’m lonely af, I’ll be financially stable. But, I don’t have any drive to do anything, I just keep thinking about dying and ending my life. I don’t know why but I feel so messed up that suicide has a strange importance to my life.