Too young to die, but it’s all I think about.I’m 16 F, I left high school during the first month of my freshman year 2 and a half years ago to start online classes, and I haven’t interacted with kids my age until 2 weeks ago when my therapist forced me to go to a therapy group. Even then, I didn’t talk to anyone in the group. I have 2 friends at the moment, my best friend since kindergarten who lives in another state and my LDR boyfriend of 1 and a half years who lives in another country. My relationship with my boyfriend is dying, my grandma died almost a month ago from cancer and I witnessed her passing, my mom is pressuring me to get a job, my dad doesn’t talk to me, I have no real relationship with my half sisters, my entire family thinks I’m weird for having depression and not dressing like a normal girl. 

I’ve been struggling with depression and anxiety ever since my dad moved back to Mexico 6 years ago. I’ve been struggling with going to school, I used to skip a lot because I was too afraid to get on the bus and look for a seat and on many occasions the vice principal would come to my house and ring the doorbell until I came out. I’m overweight and because of this I don’t dress “like a normal girl” I like to wear men’s graphic t shirts/hoodies because they’re comfortable and I feel like they hide my body and this has caused quite a few of my family members to assume I’m going to become a lesbian which is not going to happen. 

I’m so sick of living a life I never wanted in the first place. I’ve tried killing myself twice before which only ended up with me being hospitalized, and that didn’t help. I’ve been struggling with self harm over the past 3-4 years, and I have a strong urge to start again. I’m so ready to give up and every day I imagine how I’m going to kill myself. I contribute nothing to society, I barely have friends, I never leave my house, all I do is play video games and sleep. I procrastinate constantly with my online classes. I could have “graduated” by now if I wasn’t so lazy. I’m a huge disappointment to my entire family. I live with my mom and her boyfriend and in the 5 years I’ve lived here with them, I’ve talked to him maybe 10 times. I’m always on edge, my anxiety and depression are only getting worse and I’m sick of everything. There is nothing worth living for anymore. 