I am Scared I Might Kill MyselfI really don't know the correct way to phrase this but I have been suffering from Major Clinical Depression for about 5 years. About 4 years I began counseling which ended about a year ago. I tried pills and I tried therapy. The pills never worked no matter how many different ones I tried. I self harmed for 4 years, I have not self harmed (outside of an attempt) since March 2018. I attempted suicide 3 times total over the period of my counseling and 1 time (a week ago) since it has ceased.

The deal is, I have no planned suicide attempts. Every attempt I make is solely on impluse. I am constantly depressed all day everyday. I can only ever think of how sad I am. Yeah good things happen every now and then but they dont make me "Happy".

Well, ever since therapy ceased I have developed basically what is a "fear" of death. I guess we spent so much time talking about how terrible it is and how it will hurt everyone I know I'm hard wired to be fearful of it. Before it was easy, I could slice a chunk of skin out my arm or even burn myself without much of a second thought.

Well my latest suicide attempt has me broken, I couldn't really "hurt" myself and in return im stuck in this state. I dont want to live, and i don't want to die. I cant find anyone who understands this. The feeling of being here when you dont want to and just not knowing how to cope.

 At the same time, when I am neutral depressed like I am now, I worry that I will become triggered again which sends me into a spiral of non stop panic attacks, tears, and grabbing the closest thing to me to try and just make it all stop. 

I dont want to feel that feeling, because being suicidal now feels a lot different than it felt a few years ago when I was just getting started with the counseling. Being suicidal now messes me up. It messes me up that when I impulse try to kill myself and don't succeed everything that comes after mentally just breaks me. 

I already feel like crap all the time, but I never know when something will trigger me to go into an episode. I dont like feeling like that and I'm afraid it will happen again soon.

Im sorry for the wall of text, just no one i know understands when i try to explain it to him and because of my other medical expenses I cant afford therapy anymore.