I wish this didn't control me as much as it has lately. This is long, sorry.I'm not sure if this post is appropriate for this sub, but I've looked at the other, similar subs and I didn't feel any others were more appropriate. 

Using a throwaway because I posted in another sub(thread since deleted) using my main account and someone on the periphery of what is going on posted and berated me. 

I'm going to try and be as specific as I can without giving away something that will have me found out. 

So here we go. 

I have a particular fetish and was on a large fetish networking site and in several large groups related to this fetish. 

Eventually a house party was planned, but I couldn't afford to go, nor did I have the means. So I watched as friendships were formed. 

More parties were planned, and eventually they turned into a large gathering of people into this fetish. 

I finally got the means to go to one of these gatherings, so I started the process of getting vetted. The party ended up being cancelled and another party was planned on the east coast of the US(the other party was on the west coast). So I asked to go to that one and was told no, because no noobs allowed. Now, the way I read the ads that were posted, noobs were allowed, so I was bummed that I wasn't allowed to go. 

For some reason I started thinking about the fact that I was a virgin, and I wanted to fix that. So I posted an ad on my city's Craigslist in casual encounters. A few days go by and I received and e-mail. It was someone from this group trolling me. I know because in the e-mail was an old screen name that I haven't used on that social networking site in years, and a line saying they loved my posts on the chan board. I deleted the ad. 

Around this time I started lurking and sometimes posting on a chan board related to this fetish. I received a message on the social networking site from one of the party's organizers basically saying that if I ever wanted to go to a party and stuff that I should stop posting mean things about them. Now, being that you are anonymous when you post, there is no way I can prove that I didn't post these things(I didn't, BTW). 

I admit that I have done shitty things online in the past that I deeply regret. I freely admit that. 

I remembered that there was a thread in a sub about this fetish by a person who was friendly to this fetish on 7 Cups of Tea, so I created an account and started chatting with her. I tried to be vague so as to protect the anonymity of the party and its organizers(wasn't very worried about mine), but she eventually figured out who I was talking about. 

She said that the no noobs allowed rule was bullshit because she knew of multiple people who were noobs that easily got vetted to come. 

Anyways, I told this person that I didn't do it and I know she didn't believe me. She basically said that no one likes me because I "do shitty things". We exchanged a few more messages back and forth about this, and eventually she stopped replying after I asked her to tell me what I did to upset her so I could fix it. 

A few days later I received a message from the other party organizer saying that I'd never be invited to a party because I was untrustworthy. I again asked her what she was talking about and got no response. 

This issue has been driving me mad. I wish I could just say 'fuck it all' and get over it, but there is something that won't let me. 

I want to be friends. That is all I've ever wanted. 

I don't know if I should take a break from this fetish(I have deleted my kinky social network profile and Tumblr) and go back and try again, or if I should just give up. 

If this doesn't fit here, sorry. Delete it if you wish; no hard feelings. 

If you have any questions, please ask. I'll try to be as specific as I can without giving up my anonymity or the anonymity of others involved. 