After trying so hard, she's ready to give up everythingEdit - I'm sorry, this ended up being a wall of text out of my own anger.

I'm really not sure where to start with this. I'm going to explain what I know, as well as what I think is occurring.

My cousin has had a rough year. She can't find a job due to job market being crappy, she doesn't know what she wants to do for a career, she is out of school because of financial trouble, and she was diagnosed with a type of cancer that may prevent her from having kids. She isn't married, but I know she has always wanted to be a good wife and mother someday. All of those problems are awful, but there is something else that upsets her more. 

Last night I was forced to go to a family event and I spoke with her to kill time. I learned that she was still with a guy that she had problems with late last year. I don't know what kind of problems, I only know that they both messed up, and were trying to be adults about it and repair their relationship. I thought that was really nice, that instead of breaking up, they were being reasonable and realistic in order to stay together. But I think something else must have happened recently, something bad.

During the time that the two have dated, I noticed all of her accounts on different websites disappearing completely. Her Facebook disappeared first. That one was always pretty inactive so I didn't say anything about it when I first noticed it was gone. But she used to post drawings weekly on a few sites, and kept a blog for writing and one for photography. She also used to frequent Reddit. All of those accounts are gone now. I thought, why she would trash her art and stories like that? 

I felt like I was going to explode if I didn't ask her about it, so I hinted at it in conversation. She told me, "My boyfriend thought I relied on the sites for attention. I want him to see that I don't." She said that with a happy face. I couldn't believe that was the reason. She drew things she liked for herself, she didn't draw things other people liked to gain attention. I asked her about the other sites, and got similar answers. 

I don't know what has happened between the two. I don't know if my cousin ever was an attention whore. If she was, she certainly isn't now. She is nonexistent, cautious, humiliated, and very down on herself. I stopped asking her about it and we sat down. When she was reaching for a napkin she accidentally tipped over a glass that has a small amount of water inside. She stood up to clean it and apologized dozens of times. I heard her mumble to herself, "You idiot. You retard." She has never had good self-esteem, but this is a new low.

I later asked her if her boyfriend has ever called her names. She said yes, but it was because she always did something to deserve it. I can't imagine what. All I know is that I would never call someone I loved a retard. And if that word ever came out, I would apologize immediately. 

I don't know how this man talks to his family and friends, but I don't think it's the same way that he talks to my cousin. I noticed she has harmed herself physically. She has also lost weight. Whatever he has said to her, it's been bad enough to make her physically ill and stressed enough to harm herself to escape it. I used to harm myself, and I know how much mental pain you have to be in to do it. I can't believe someone put her through that and wasn't worried enough to change how they communicate.

I had to go to go back to the house the gathering was at to pick up my coat. Since her home is in the area I stopped by to ask her if I could see some of her art. I figured that might cheer her up. 

I just realized that I forgot to mention her and her boyfriend are in a long distance relationship. That is relevant because while at the gathering last night she was asking about jobs from relatives that live in the same state as the guy. She had no luck. When I got to her house she had about fifty tabs pulled up online for jobs in his area.

I noticed her room was very bare. She used to have posters on the walls, stuffed animals on her bed, you know it looked like a room someone lived in and liked. Now almost every single thing she owns is in boxes, and a lot of her personal items seemed to be gone. She told me not to worry, that it had been packed up for weeks. That makes me think that she's been just as stressed for weeks, and that's worse.

As I have said I have no idea what they're relationship is like entirely. I know they've had really bad fights, and it's put her in a very dark state of mind. But I also know he's flown her out to his parents home and taken care of her during her stay with no problems at all. I feel like she will do something drastic if she doesn't get to move. If she moves, or doesn't, she has a lot of healing to do. Her self esteem is very damaged. I asked her why she was so stressed about finding work, she responded, "He doesn't think I have tried. He doesn't think I care for him. I do everything wrong, I have to do something right."

I disagree with that. If I didn't I wouldn't be posting here. I know her boyfriend shows he cares by taking her out to eat and buying her gifts. She isn't doing well financially, and neither are her parents, so she shows her feelings by making amazing art pieces and sewing stuffed animals and key chain characters based off of good memories about their relationship. I know he's thrown the gifts in the trash, with her in the room. I'm guessing he's also made her feel bad about the times he's spent money. He calls her names, and has convinced her she's retarded. I can't tell if he has a bad way of showing he cares, or if he is the one that has mental problems. The breaking point for her seems to be when he says that she doesn't care. If she didn't care, why would she spend hours on art and sewing? Why would all her possessions be in boxes? Why would she be applying to every job she can find, from a fast food cashier to a janitor? I am so confused that she does all of those things, and that he flies her out to see him, and then says that she doesn't care about him.

The last thing she said to me was, "What if he doesn't love me after all of this? I won't know what to live for." 

Their relationship none of my business. I am just very angry that my smart and talented cousin has been cut down by a man that she wants to be with. I think we have all had our feelings hurt by someone we care about. But I have never been in a serious relationship, so I don't know what to say to her. There are two sides to every story, but I really don't care what his is. I don't think whatever he says could make it okay that my cousin has hurt herself and given up almost all of her hobbies that make her who she is. I certainly don't think his story would make me feel that my cousin should die.

I don't know how to help her. She probably doesn't want to talk about the bad parts of the relationship, there isn't much I can do to help her find work, and worst of all I wouldn't know where to start when helping her build self confidence back up. I might ask her to post here if she feels like talking. 

Please don't assume that my cousin has mental issues because of this. She is a very caring person, probably too caring sometimes. I just don't want her to end her life, or think that there is no good reason for her to live, just because someone she loves thinks it's normal to verbally abuse her like that. 