The hole is just too deep nowBefore I start I apologize for the username, I was going to use this account more for reddit and I like parodying my ethnicity as a sort of joke-on-a-joke, but I digress...

I'm a 22 unemployed guy in the UK, who was an aspiring programmer who just wanted to create and have just a stable life. Although I say this, I have never been picky about my lifestyle; I am grateful for everything I have been given and I have tried to give back when I could, but I've come to the end and hopefully, I can finally stop all of what I am feeling at the end of this week.

I'll give some backstory:

At 19, I enrolled into University with my friends in a course I thought would be great for me, but during the year I found out both the University and the course was not what I wanted, yet I stayed for another year on a different course due to peer pressure. Looking back, this all could have been avoided if I just left in the first year, but sadly it's too late for that. After I dropped out of University I felt useless, uneeded and just not fit to be anything, I used this time to take a small break, then decide I wanted to do next.

During the next enrolments, I decided to go for another University closer to my parent's home and study there for the first year, luckily I still knew my college tutors so I was able to get a quick reference and get into this University. Unlike before, I made sure the course was exactly what I wanted, to the very last detail. That September, I began my classes there and I loved it, I made new friends (I did and still do keep in contact my friends from the other University) and I was always in the top 5 in marks when it came to the programming exams, everything seemed perfect. 

After Christmas during January, I got a call from the Student Finance department saying that they will not be covering the tuition fees for my first year due to my previous enrolment. I couldn't believe my ears, I was doing great and I just got a call that I couldn't stay here. I met my current-University friends to talk about it and how I will have to leave soon, I burst into tears and pretty much leaned on the shoulder on one of them, I looked ridiculous. I even asked my Dad if he could go half on the tuition with me (I have a little savings), but he couldn't afford it. Ironically, if the price for tuition was still £3,500 and not £9k I could have afforded it, but that's going a little off-topic...Even with all of this, I could have been fine at least, but then the University called me about my stay there, in which they said I had to pay them directly, separate from the student debt due to not getting paid by the student finance department. Once again this would be fine, since I could just scrimp and pay them monthly I could get a job.

I called Student Finance to talk about the situation, and they told me something that I weren't expecting, due to not completing University, they are within their right to ask for the whole amount I owe in one go, which I was told they are most likely to do. With al the fees from the last University and this one, that's £15k+, then another £9k to the other University. With all of this, I was at the end of my rope, I applied for jobs for months in anything; office, techy, sweeper, everything just so I could get some sort of buffer where I could go "I can't give it you all now, but I have a job so I can't pay you back monthly", but to no avail. Luckily after talking to finance department of the second uni, they suspended my payments until August-September, since I went to the counselor there and explained about how I was feeling, in which he gave me a letter to show that I need to calm down and get better.

I thought this would be enough time, but I so far it's been the same; no jobs and living under my Dad's roof, who is working one and a half jobs to help keep the house stable. I do my share, I clean the house every week, make sure I help when he needs it, just so I can feel like I am doing something. All I knew though, is that if I don't get this debt out the way, they would take his house, the house he bought after losing his other one from his selfish ex-wife, how would it be fair for my Dad, who let me back in after all of this, has his house and everything he owns taken away from him? My friends and my younger brother also have kept me stable over these years by just having group talks over Skype, it helped with the loneliness I was feeling when all of this began happening. A few months later, I began to panic as I was beginning to feel more alone, broke and all-around useless with my situation, but then I found someone.

During the January, I began trying to find friends on a friendship/dating site, just to help me with what I was (and am) feeling, just someone to talk to when my friends are too busy with University. When it comes to talking, I'm okay but not that exciting, but we got along well. In February we began dating and, long story short, we became really close to the point of being in a relationship. I have never been in one before, but neither did she so we were both new. It was amazing to be with someone who, over time, grew to love you for who you are, but I couldn't tell her about my situation, I didn't feel like she deserved to go through all terrible things I had going through my head. Last week I snapped, I began thinking about suicide, it's the only way out. I didn't want her to become part of it, in that week I broke up with her, I felt terrible since I made this false world where everything was great and she didn't need to worry about me. She asked me many times when I looked down if anything was wrong, I lied everytime and I fell horrible everytime. My debt, and then my overthinking of "what if I get her pregnant? Sure we are always safe but what happens then? This debt, not having my own place, what will my friends think? I don't have a job", all of this swimming in my head, even now. Even though we saw each other on a regular basis, she lives pretty far so I know that if I die, she may not have to know about it, that's why I broke up with her. I told her a bit about how I feel, but it's just made it all the more worse since now she wants to help me go through it and she thinks I deserve to be happy. It's just solidified the dread that I'm feeling and why I want myself dead.

Right now I am at my friend's place on a laptop, but I will be going to see them one-by-one along with close family, which I'm masquerading as a week of just visiting them, but it's really just a way of me saying goodbye in my own way. I just wanted to post here because...well...I began to love this place and I just wanted to leave something special, even if it's just some last words of mine. If you read all of this, thank you, it's just nice to know people out there are willing to help others who are even beyond helping themselves.