I don't know where to go from here without killing myself.I need to start this out by saying that I know everything I'm about to tell you is my fault. I fucked up so hard and it makes the idea of coming clean and asking those who care about me for help so hard. I also know that I have a disgustingly large support net and I'm sure it makes me despicable to some of the people in here who think or know they have no one.

So, everything started a few years ago when I got out of the military. I went home to live with my parents while going to school to get a degree using the GI Bill. Things were going well, I had a 4.0 and was driven af while attending community college in my hometown. Then I got accepted for transfer to a 4 year college out of state. My parents were super supportive, offered to help me pay for rent on top of what the GI Bill was paying so I could focus solely on school. Helped me find a place and move in. Did fucking everything for me. Everything looked fantastic. 

I know what happened after that, but I still don't understand HOW it happened. 

That's a lie I understand the how I just still don't want to admit my weakness but shit that's why I made a throwaway and am drunkenly making this confession. 

Suddenly, I was alone. In a place where i had no connections to literally anyone. I also had somehow changed from my social butterfly extreme extrovert youth to having social anxiety while still being an extrovert at heart. It definitely didn't help that i was much older than 95% of the people going to school with me and 99% of the people in classes with me.

I fucking spiralled. I went from drinking a couple nights a week to drinking 10 or more beers a night just to sleep. I've always been an alcoholic but it got seriously bad. I failed most of the classes my 1st quarter, but instead of admitting weakness I told my parents, friends and family I was doing GREAT! I just couldn't admit my problems.

To make a long ass story short this happened my second and third quarter as well. I am, unfortunately, a fantastic liar and managed to keep anyone from finding out what was really going on.

All the fails resulted in me getting an academic suspension. I'm now out of school for two years. This would be the point where most people came clean but I just couldn't fucking do it.

I kept the lie going. I lied throughout summer and then kept lying throughout this whole school year, pretending I was going to school.  I've made barely enough money working a side job to keep my lie going while doing everything I can to not think about every fucked up thing I've done(including drinking myself to sleep every god damn night) but it's been a fight to stay above water because I'm too fucking stupid and depressed to just get an actual job. I've sunk into massive debt and am starting to reach the point where I can't keep the lie going anymore. 

I know I could come clean to my parents and they'd almost definitely help me out, but I don't think I can take the disappointment I'd feel from them. I know I'm disgustingly privileged because my parents literally could just deal with all my problems if they wanted to but this is still where I'm at. Just the thought of their disappointment has me seriously contemplating suicide to avoid it. I'm pretty sure that actually facing it would make me do it regardless of how much they love me and I don't know how to escape this trap I've built for myself. 

I'm obviously a broken fucking cog, and I don't think I deserve to or can be fixed. I had so much opportunity and I squandered it all and it just fucking hits me. Why the fuck shouldn't I just end it?