I'm only alive because I don't want to hurt my parents.But they don't realise I need help. My father thinks that depressed people are trash and losers, the weak type. My mother thinks that "it's just a phase". I lost all my motivation to do anything. I exist because I'm forced to do so. Today, when I casually approached my father and said sth like "man, I'm fed up with maths. I just can't understand the stuff.". All he did was tell me I'm lazy and a money pit. He said that the extra math lessons he pays for are useless since I'm too lazy to work. He told my mother that he's fed up with me and that he wishes I wasn't like I am. My will to live is not existent. It's been like this for about 6 months and I can't fucking take it anymore. I disappointed my parents. I almost died from alcohol OD (I'm 16), trying to impress people that I thought would be the cure to my depression. I love a girl, but I'm too shy to ask her out (and she's an ex of my very good friend, he still loves her AFAIK). No one wants to chat with me. 95% of the snaps I get are "streaks". I have acne which I can't do shit about, and even though my parents promised to take me to the dermatologist they don't care and keep forgetting about this, even though I keep asking for it. My father is going crazy about my marks. At first he told me to pay attention to only math and physics, which are the leading subjects in my class, but now he is showing disgust whenever I get a bad mark. I lack contact with girls my age. There are some willing to talk with me from time to time, but they never want to chat with me online (probably consider this as a waste of time). My "male" friends don't really care about me. There are 2, maybe 3 people paying attention but that's all. I'm feeling lonely. I'm constantly arguing with my younger brother, feel like my parents don't care about me and I'm just there to make their lives more challenging. I lost appetite, I have to force food into myself. Especially in the mornings. Nothing is working out for me. I'm training to get the Private Pilot License, which my father paid for, but he treats it as a way to tell me that I'm way too fucking expensive. What's more, the airplane got stuck in maintenance and bad weather so I haven't flown in over a month. When flying I always have a smile on my face and it helped me forget about my depression at least on the weekends, but now, especially with how my father treats it, I'm no longer excited to fly. I want to die so fucking bad, that's all I want. I wish I just lost consciousness and hit my head hard on something so it will look like an accident. I want to be killed by a car. Basically anything that would look like an accident. If it wasn't for my parents, I would have killed myself a long time ago, but now when our relations are going to think, I just want to scream. I'm overflowing with emotions. There's a tornado going on inside my mind.
If that matters, I'm 16. Sorry if it's chaotic and hard to read. I'm just not able to concentrate 