I'd like someone to listen\- Trigger warning? Of self harm -

Since reddit is completely anonymous for me, I'd like some comfort if possible.

I have moved back and forth between Asia and a specific Western country for my entire life and I feel so alone and empty. I can't see myself alive in 10 years time and I've been suicidal since I was 11. It's been 7 years now and it has gotten worse. I can't get out of bed some days and every time I wake up I don't want to keep going. I have no ambition for the future and no desire as I've put my needs on the back burner for so long, they've burnt up and disappeared.

I was bullied throughout primary school and the teacher constantly egged the bullies on. I had constant anxiety where I would wake up several times per night and got depressed to the point I considered suicide in year 6.

I changed my personality completely and decided to be friendly and nice to people and I got popular in middle school. I became close friends with a boy that eventually would have a mutual crush on. Now, I get triggered from social media just by scrolling through it sometimes because it reminded me of him since everything my age is so sex-fuelled nowadays. Most friends at that time even thought that I over reacted to what he did but I don't get why a 14 year old is not allowed to be frightened when forced to watch porn. I've started cutting since.

When I moved away and went to high school, a stranger in my year committed suicide in year 12. I felt guilt as I had planned to kill myself on that day. And how people reacted made me feel more guilty as I knew less people and no one would mourn for an immigrant that no one knew existed or even knew that I could actually speak English. How one or two of my new conservative friends reacted by calling it selfish made me feel worse.

My parents were not supportive as well. I had to seek counselling behind their back throughout high school and in uni. I have tried several times to tell them that I was depressed in middle school but they lashed out at me. I still seek psychological services behind their back and save up my pocket money to pay for those expenses such as meds because I can be frugal. They also try to push parenting and caring for my younger brother, who has mild autism but my parents won't admit it

They also constantly force me to do medicine at uni but I tried to aim to do actuarial science instead. It is not my passion but I have to do what a good daughter should to do. I've failed in 4 out of 7 subjects in total (I've repeated 2 subjects) in my first year and feel like a failure as I don't know where I want to go in life and I have no passions at this point as I have suppressed them from an early age. Also I have a lot of pressure as if I don't fulfil a requirement, I might not be able to continue the subject. 

The fact that I have failed 1 of the 3 subjects this semester made me feel terrible and I feel like a cheat by trying to apply to redo the exam even though my close friends have tried to convince me I deserve special consideration through my mental illness. In addition to that, since I could barely get out of bed to see the doctor, and the only reason I'm out and about is just because I had work, my application might be deemed ineligible because I'm applying to redo it so late. 

Honestly, I'm so tired, lost and empty, I feel as if I'm ready to sleep six feet under for an eternity. Thanks for listening, stranger.