I have cancer and my life is constantly getting worseHi everyone, I just discovered this subreddit seeking for help, here's my story. When I was fifteen years old, I tore my groin playing basketball. About eight months later I was having constant pain throughout my whole left thigh after my games, to the point of bringing me tears. So my family decided that we'd go and get another MRI, except this time we found a malignant tumor spanning from the top of my pelvis to about halfway down my femur. This tumor was so large that it was coming up and hitting my sciatic nerve which was causing my terrible pain. The very first thing after this was obviously to have a whole body MRI, where we found that I also had eighteen cancerous nodules throughout my lungs. After my biopsy I was told that I had a very, very rare form of cancer; mesenchymal chondrosarcoma. Only one hundred cases of this disease are diagnosed per year, and they were unsure of how to treat me, and gave me five months to live. I am a very strong-willed, stable, rational, and science-based thinker. The appointment I was diagnosed I told my physician that if removing my whole left leg is what meant keeping me alive, it's what I would do. So time goes on, I am given eight months of treatment including the most harsh form of chemotherapy and radiation, on top of lung surgeries. At this time, me and a girl had mutually fallen in love, we were both with each other almost every day, as I invested all my time into her knowing that any day could be my last day. She was my first love. Time goes on as I have a lung tube and my first lung surgery removing the bottom half of my left lung and taking three tumors with it. I was then told by this girl that she had met someone while on a cruise ship who went to a school near by, and she no longer cared about me. This destroyed me as I had given what I thought was my last bit of love to the wrong person the whole time, I couldn't even fathom what had happened and thought she'd come back. I'd try getting to her, but to no luck I'd get nothing. I was left in a hospital rotting away by myself, as my skin was due to radiation. I sort of got over it. Come to the end of my treatments, I found out I was only left with eight tumors in my lungs which we thought were dormant and we had found that my hip tumor had been killed. I was waiting to go back to school with all my friends, not to mention all the support from all the people from around my city. I had gotten to meet so many people as I was a very social person which helped a lot. After this my parents had told me that they were getting divorced and my mom was soon moved out, to a job where she still to this day lives pay-check to pay-check. My dad then tells me that I am moving away to another city forty minutes away to move in with his new girlfriend. He knew that I had so longed to go back to school with all of my peers, but this didn't matter apparently. I had considered moving in with my mom to stay close to everyone, but my medical bills which exceeded $400,000 would financially ruin her. So I stayed with my dad who promised to get me a car. Four months go by, and after more screenings I discover I now have twelve tumors, and might have to have a hip replacement that will end my basketball and put me in a wheelchair by the time I'm forty, five. I'm not even expected to live past forty five as the recurrence rate for my cancer is 90% on tops of a 10% chance of survival. Mad is in the military and my now step-mom is a trauma nurse in an ICU so my life is very strict and in-line. I constantly get yelled at for things other parents would not raise a finger at. I am at a new school as a senior  with no friends. I have no way of seeing my friends except when I go to my mom's who only gets to see me every other weekend, and when I'm over I want to see my friends, meaning I hardly even see my struggling mom. My thick, long hair has grown back very thin and with a receding hairline. I have no car, meaning I can't see my family or friends when I want. I have no confidence talking to girls due to my hair and that I feel as if I'm a broken version of my old self, and having a car doesn't help. I am grounded and yelled at all the time, I have had my phone and Xbox taken for three weeks right now for "working out when I was supposed to be in bed" and the only way I have contact to my friends is over my laptop, which isn't very reliant. I have no money, because I can't drive to get a job and my dad gives me none. I got behind on my schoolwork, my grades dropped, along with my GPA. I wasn't given time to study for my ACT and SAT which I just took in a hurry to meet college deadlines if I even get lucky enough to get in. My sole purpose in life in my opinion is to help people, I want to spread my word, impact and save lives, and use what I have for good. But my depression and suicidal thoughts are holding me back. Why would I stress through eight to twelve years to go through the stressful task of med school if I could die any day now? Do I even have a purpose?  I kept my strong mentality and I became content with the idea of death since I had accepted what I had, knowing it’s what God had planned for me. I was and I still am happy with the fact that I’ve been able to impact other peoples lives with my story and the way in which I have lived by never letting my problems get to me and continuing to be optimistic and disciplined. But now it has almost been three years since my diagnoses, and things in my life have gotten either worse or have been at a constant state of being in mental and physical pain. I wake up and breathe and my lungs ache, I walk downstairs to get ready for whatever I’m doing that day and I can feel my femur scrape against the inside of my hip socket, and I look in the mirror in the bathroom to get ready and look at my hair and am reminded that I’ll never look the same as I used to. All this combined makes me feel like a shell and a broken version of the person I used to be. I can’t even build the confidence to talk to girls because I’m constantly worried about how I look, or that I don’t feel as if I’m good enough for them, or that I’d be a waste of their time since I could literally die at any given time, and I can’t stand this because I have all of this love and no one to give it to, I wish I had someone to take the weight I have off of my shoulders and someone to treat right and talk to. This all adds to my school stress, my mom not living a quality life, and my dad treating me like I’m ten. I have to admit that this positive and optimistic mind that I have is not mixing well with the idea that I’m comfortable and accepting of death. These past couple of weeks my constant pain, depression, and lack of confidence have made me question if anything will ever get better, because nothing has. I’ve started thinking more about death, even to the point of having calm dreams about it, and I’m scared.



If anyone would like to reach out to me or talk, please feel free to. I don't go on reddit that much, but my DM's on Instagram are always open. I really need people to talk to. My Instagram @ is @jfloeb. Thank you for your time and eyes.