I lost everything in 3 days and dk what to do anymoreIdk if i'm right here, but i realy dont know where i'm right anymore. Sorry for my English yeah i need to say that sorry again for that. But i'm thinking of suicide rn and dont know i just need to talk so someone but i dont know anybody rn.. 

So, short story: me and my gf broke up 3 days ago. We meet in shool 6 f***ing years ago. We made everything together, really everything and we dont had a problem with seeing eatch other nearly every day. I'm mentally down af for a long  time for many reasons, and my gf know that. I was at many psychologist, but no one helped me rly.. (importent for later). We are both 21 now. She never was a person for relationships and i knew that but she gave me the feeling of being her bf anyway and i loved her for that so it was ok for me. She was very special, but i'm really talented in drawing and in any other way of being creative. I'm also learned English completely by my self just with writing and speaking, same goes with drawing, fotography and videography. But she had nealy no talents or anything special except her character. She was my first gf, and i was her first boyfriend. We had our first apartment and we lived here for like 3 months. 

And here i am.. Now i have nobody. And i realy mean nobody. She really, and idk why gave a shi* about me in last time. I alway was a good bf and we never had any fights or something like that.. Just hear me out pls.. 

In a rly rly short version of the story:

One day, i realised she just gave me the feeling of being a good friend... She knew i suffering from hard depression and she treated me like she dont give a f*ck about me or my depression, that wasn't like she used to be. I tried to spoke to her, but she didnt listened at all. I had many breakdowns.. We both had the same male best friend, and she started to take more care of him instead of me. I asked her why, she just didn't said anything until i went to bed cause it was to awkward.. One day, my bf lied between her and laid an arm on her. I once again ask why she didn't say anything if her bf "kuddled" with her. She said yeah sorry i speek to him so he wouldn't do this anymore. I spoke to my bf, caus this feeling for many weeks took my depression so freaking down i cant stress enough how i suicidal i feeld. So i write him why he do that, i love her so much but i can't take this anymore. He said "so just break up than" "love is over" and stuff like that.. 

So, a few day before, and god rly idk why we 3 took a molly together. I had the badtrip of my live cause she gives a fu** about me again.. On the next day, i said to her "So, im down and done. I want to talk to you. I want our best friend to go or i go to the bedroom." and sure i wanted to her something like "sure" or something, but she decided to chill with my "bf" instead of me. So, ok. I went to the bedroom for 2 days straight, and she never comed in to check on me, not a single time. 

I had a girl i find rly interesting and i wrote alot about art with her cause she liked it to, and she know how to cool me down cause she helped me with many panic attacks because of that before. Let's name her Jana. Important for the next one:

At this point, i can't belive how she's acting on me. I just went without a word to her, told Jana everything. She opened my eyes cause i dont wanted to end our long relationship like that. I went home, now one asked where i was. And sure my gf was pissed in a strange way but no question where I was. I kicked our bf out and had the breakdown of my live. I cried so hard, told here she need to talk to me.. 6 years of so many experiences and nice times and she just want to gave all this up? Why? I didn't do anything? I alway treated her right and rly lovely. I asked her so many questions.. i was so f*cked up, oh god.. After 30 minutes of only me talking, i asked her if she didn't want to say anything about it. She just took her jacked and went to her mom (just few minutes away from us) without a single word. After few minutes, she wrote me "I just dont love you anymore", and broke up with me. 

Bro, you know what i trying to say? Everything was perfect, she gave a f*ck about me. She knew she was making my depression even worse, but she simply dgaf. I cried so loud.. i was the perfect boyfriend for here, everyone said that. And now after spitting on my, she just leaves me? I lost my bf of that cause he was a false person anyway, and my gf. 

If Jana hadn't worried about me and went to my place because i dont wrote back for one hour after i told it to her, I would have killed myself. I already had a text for my parents to explain why. I was suicidal anyway, but this was enough. She stayed there and wow.. This girl even had the right words in this situation and cooled me down. 

Now two days later, i even f*cked up with her. She just wrote me she need some kinde of break from me, she dk why. 

I rly don't have any more special friends. I talked to another persons, she just said "oh wow, thats rly hard" and that made a joke. Wow thanks for nothing. I lived with my parents now, so i have my old room back but i can't so my percents right now, i dont want them to see me like this.. 

I lost all my friends, my own home and probably Jana in just 3 days. I rly don't have anything or anyone.. I goes so far that i wrote my gf (now ex..).. Cause TELL ME WHO I HAVE TO TALK ABOUT IT. Jana dont answers my texts so i wrote this post right now. What should i do? I can't take this anymore.. I never wrote a text bevor in reddit, and by far not so long in English cause German is my main language.. I nearly can't speek English 

I rly dont know what to do anymore..