Extremely exhaustedI've struggled with depression + suicidal thoughts for 5 years now. I thought I made some progress earlier this year (in terms of emotional stability/hope for the future), but right now I feel like I've completely backslid.

I'm alone and haven't hung out with my best friend in almost a year because of the pandemic. I work in retail and my manager keeps calling me to come in early or work on my days-off and it's only gotten tougher with the holiday season. I barely have enough time to relax or do anything I enjoy without feeling tired from my last shift. There have been several shifts where I just wanted to burst into tears with how overwhelmed/trapped I feel. I still live with my family because I barely make/have enough to move out, but I don't trust either of my parents because they treat depression as a spiritual failing from not praying or connecting to God enough (and I have a feeling that they wouldn't be able to keep it a secret from my extended family). We're also ideologically opposite (they lean right). Last night I came home from work feeling terrible; chest pains, tenseness, nausea, and could barely speak (I could move my mouth, but it took effort to make a sound). I felt so close to just swallowing all of the aspirin in my bag because I have to do the same thing the next day.

I'm sick of feeling this way and am disgusted that I do. There's nothing to look forward to and if there is, it doesn't matter enough to me. I know I'd hurt my younger siblings and friend, but tbh there's a part of me that doesn't care. I'm ashamed of that, but there's nothing that I can do to escape and I feel broken inside. However I'm also terrified of messing up suicide if I tried so I'm stuck between mental torment and trying to endure this shit.  I self harmed once as a way to take out my stress on something, but I don't want to get in the habit of it. I just feel like with everything, it's just going to wear me down even more and I'm just going to throw myself off a bridge or something before the end of this year.