Dying is the best thing I can doI’ve been a fuck up since about the age of 9 (I’m turning 26 very soon, so this has been a thing for quite a while), and started having suicidal thoughts around that time. I’ve always been the “smart kid;” people always told me about the great things I would do (which is basically taunting me). I’m now 26, still in college (despite starting when I was 16), with a shit GPA and no internship, so my job prospects are bleak.

I’ve always been blessed with good friends. I’ve never sought out friends in my life, yet good people always seem to find me and care about me. I wish this good luck could have been given to someone more deserving. Maybe they just feel pity for me and I leech off of that.

My family isn’t perfect, but it’s more than a lot of people have. My mother and father are slightly idiosyncratic in ways that make them resent each other, but they’re able to be supportive despite their disputes. My older brother, funny enough, has huge admiration for me. He always wants to get into what I like and be like me when it comes to video games, music, comedy, etc. If I’m unable to bring myself to do the deed, it’s because of him; I couldn’t kill my brother’s idol.

I’ve never been in a romantic relationship. I would overwhelm anyone in that situation. No one else should have to shoulder my problems, and no one would want to anyway.

My lack of academic, professional, and romantic success weighs heavily on me. This is greatly exacerbated as my friends graduate and get married, while I remain at my parents’ house. They say they won’t drift away, but they do, and I can’t blame them. Their spouses and jobs are simply more important than my unpleasant self.

Most significantly, my psychological state is in complete disarray, despite years of treatment by quality psychologists and psychiatrists. I can’t sleep, I can’t stay awake, I can’t focus, I can’t face the day, I can’t do my homework, I can’t do what I’m supposed to do. This combined with my failures obviously leads to suicidal ideation.

Things go from bad to worse when going from my mental state to my emotional state. I am gradually becoming bitter and spiteful, even towards my friends. I hate that I’m incapable and they’re capable. I hate that I can’t find happiness and they can. It makes me want to give them my pain by hurting the one they care about: me. These are depraved thoughts that must be stopped through the most straightforward means: termination.

With access to industrial and laboratory supplies, I have access to quite the foolproof and painless suicide (obviously this sub won’t let me go into any more detail). It actually makes me feel relief to know I can die easily whenever I want. It takes the feeling of having to rush away.

I guess I made this post to let anyone who wants to plead their case for me not to go through with this. Say your piece if you would like. I’ll answer questions as best I can.