Everyone in my life is killing themselves and I don’t know how to keep being strong for them when I am struggling too.So, here is where I am at. Sorry about the long post. 
3 weeks ago an old friend from high school died by suicide. Charles had a new wife and an infant daughter. I remember in high school, the only thing he ever wanted to be was a dad. I had fallen out of contact with him since high school, but I kept and eye on his facebook to see if he was doing okay. Every post was a post about how much he loved his wife and daughter, or something sweet he did for them that day. Always a constant stream of mini love stories and happy pictures of their family. He had everything he wanted for as long as I knew him and he seemed so honestly happy on facebook. I didn’t know his wife and I never met their daughter, but when he died I cried for hours thinking about his wife and his baby, and what they are supposed to do now.

I was first diagnosed with major depression when I was 12 years old. I was immediately put on antidepressants, but I refused to take them claiming they were “crazy pills” and that I could handle it myself. I have struggled with it everyday for the last 12 years, going on and off antidepressants and in and out of therapy.

 I have wanted to be a lot of things over my 24 years of life, but the only thing that has stayed consistent is that I want to be mother. As long as I can remember I thought that my unbreakable bond with my child would cure me or something. That I would finally be happy when I could have someone to depend on me, when I could be dependable, when I would feel this love that everyone always talks about, that is stronger than anything I have ever felt before. I thought that having a child, a life I brought into the world and was responsible for taking care of, would be it for me. I would finally have something tying me to this earth. I dreamed of the relationship we would have, like picking him/her up from school early sometimes and taking them to the movies or the arcade, just to make memories together. I don’t have any children, and I am not planning on having any anytime soon. But still there was always this thought in my head that being a mother is what I was supposed to be, and that all the pieces would fall into place when it finally happened. That somehow in that first moment after peeing on a stick my life would change, that I would change, and everything would be alright.

 After  Charles died, I couldn’t help but ask myself if being a mom would really make me happy. I thought being a dad made Charles happy. I thought he had everything he wanted and it was enough. I knew how much he loved his wife. It was that kind of love that you can feel, even through the computer screen. But it wasn’t enough. His depression still won. This is when I realized, for the first time that being a mother is not going to help me solve my problems. That is is quite possible I will feel this way for the rest of my life. That I will feel this since of longing for something I am not sure exists, no matter how much I love and am loved.

Three days ago, my best friend Hannah attempted suicide. She did not know the friend who passed away three weeks ago. She is safe and in the hospital still. I still haven't processed the whole thing. I can’t see her. In the hospital she isn’t allowed to have any visitors. In the long term facility she will only be allowed to see immediate family. Her family is keeping me updated and I am doing my best to be there for them, but it is hard. 

Last week another long time friend on mine, Kelsey, told me she is feeling suicidal again. After three previous attempts that have landed her in the hospital, this was not something I took lightly. I immediately got in contact with her mother and made arrangements to make sure she wouldn’t be alone. It has been a week and she seems to be doing better. She has not mentioned feeling suicidal and her behavior is back to pretty much normal. Everyone else seems to have let their guard down, but I am still worried. 

About a year ago my mother went through a really hard time and became suicidal. My dad called me one day while I was at work saying he was taking my mom out of town for the day and needed me to come get all the guns out of their house while they were gone. It stopped me dead in my tracks. My mom has been my rock my whole life. She is the only person I know who has kept her shit together. It has been a year and my mom has made major improvements. She quit her job and found another one that is better for her mental health. She changed her medication and got into regular therapy, but the guns still have not been returned. My dad has to go out of town for a few weeks soon. He asked me last night to take care of my mom while he is gone because she is going to need it. He said he is still really worried about her and he is scared to leave her for this long. I don’t know why I thought she was safe now and I didn’t have to worry anymore. I let myself get far enough removed from the whole thing that I didn’t realize it was still happening. When my dad said this it took me totally off guard. I didn’t know she was still struggling, but how could I not. I have struggled everyday with it for 12 years. Why would she have gotten better in one?

When I was 4 years old my grandpa killed himself. I mostly remember standing above his casket as he was lowered into the ground. One of his friends noticed I was cold and gave me his gloves to keep me warm. I only really remember thinking about how big the gloves were on my hands, I didn’t give much thought to what was inside the box in the ground. I grew up knowing what he did, although the details were kept from me until I was much older. I also saw my family grieve. My grandma formed an addiction to buying things. Getting a good deal was the only thing that could make her happy. She quickly turned into a hoarder. My aunt is still mad at him twenty years later. She still resents him and thinks of him as selfish. My entire family split. We used to live within an hour of each other and spent every holiday together. Now we are spread out all over the country and rarely ever see each other. It is hard on all of us. But mostly everyone else. I am the youngest grandkid and have the fewest memories of him alive. This is the reason I will never commit suicide. I refuse to put my family through the same thing my grandpa put them though. I have seen how deeply it effects them and I know it won’t ever stop. It still effects me in a lot of ways and I barley remember him.

Just before my grandpa died, my dad was voluntarily committed. I didn’t find out about this until I was older. When he talked to me about it he said that he didn’t feel like he was in control of his life and that was a major contributing factor to him being suicidal. He learned a lot of helpful things in the institution and he didn’t seem to be struggling by the time I learned about it. I didn’t think about it much until recently. 

When I was 10 my older sister starting cutting herself and blaming the cuts on our pet rat. One particularly striking memory from this time was when we went out of town and my dad asked my cousin to watch our rat for us. She said “no way! I’ve seen what that thing did to Chelsea’s arm.” My dad replied rather calmly “in all fairness to the rat, most of those cuts Chelsea did herself.” I don’t remember my cousins reaction but I remember very distinctly how nonchalant my dad was about the whole thing. 

When I was 14 my friend Kelsey made her first suicide attempt. It was a little hard but she was back at school within a week. Everything seemed fine and we were back to being perfectly normal in no time. When I was 16 Kelsey made her second suicide attempt. When her mom found her she had lost so much blood they thought she would die before the ambulance got there. She was institutionalized after she recovered physically and seemed so desperate not to go back there that she wouldn't try again. Until I was 21 when she attempted a third time, it landed her in the hospital but not in long term treatment.

When I was 20 a church friend, Brandon, committed suicide by overdose. At his funeral his mom got up and told everyone that since he died she had self diagnosed him with Asperger’s and that was likely a contributing factor to his suicide. His sister then got up and made a speech yelling at everyone about illegal drug use and “IS IT REALLY WORTH IT?” The whole thing was really screwed up and I just remember thinking that he deserved so much better than that. 


I am feeling pretty desperate right now. I have been in a really dark place since Charles died. I realized my dream of being a mother likely won’t help me to overcome anything. I realized I will probably feel helpless and hopeless for the rest of my life. I won’t kill myself because of my family. But it is getting harder and harder to stay alive for people who don’t even want to be alive themselves. 

Since Charles passed, Hannah attempted suicide, I didn’t even know she was struggling. I have to be strong for her, her family and her daughter. They really need it. Kelsey might still go for attempt number four. My mom is still struggling more than I knew. My dad has never in my life told me he was scared. Now he is scared to leave my mom for a couple weeks. I obviously cannot talk to any of these people about how I am feeling right now. I grew up thinking I was the weakest one around me, now all the sudden I have to be strong one. I’m not really sure how it ended up this way. I am feeling alone surrounded by people who need me. 

The only person I have to talk to is my boyfriend. However he is the only person close to me that has never suffered with depression or anxiety. He has never experienced an out of place emotion in his life. He simply does not understand. Every time I mention the unbearable sadness I have been feeling he just gets more and more annoyed. I don’t have unsolvable problems, why should I be sad? I feel more and more like a burden to him every time I mention it. When I tell him I feel like a burden he often won’t say anything at all.

 I won’t kill myself because of my family. So instead I just go through life in an almost intolerable amount of pain. I always had hope that this pain would somehow dissipate when I had a family of my own. But I am starting to realize that it won’t. I don’t want to live the rest of my life feeling this way and I don’t know what to do. 

I am getting a dog in two weeks and I think that will help quite a bit. I can’t wait to get her home and I am really excited to go through training classes with her and take her on hikes. Hiking is the only time I feel like I belong on this Earth and I am really excited to share that with a pup. This is the only thing I am looking forward to, but hey at least it is something. 



TL;DR Everyone in my life is killing themselves and I don’t know how to keep being strong for them when I am struggling too. I have no one to talk to, because they are all dealing with their own shit,  and the one thing I thought would make me happy probably won’t.  