I'm not exceptionally sad anymore, just tired.I still get in bouts of feeling incredibly down.  But the past year or two has gotten me to a point of resignation.  I've accepted my shortcomings and struggles with relationships with others.  

I have a lot of things about myself that I've never liked but I've taken solace in the fact that I can at least control other aspects of my life.  Still, even with knowing better when it comes to various things, I still make poor decisions.  What good is it to have any bit of self awareness and understanding - of yourself, people around you, life, what's right and wrong, and everything in between - if you still can't get it straight?  If anything, it feels even more damning to your character if you thought you knew what it took to be the best you.

There's just not an incredible amount to be sad about anymore.  Whereas I could look past the things that made me sad before by marking them as controls set by the universe, I can't delude myself into thinking I can atone for my own made mistakes forever.  I don't think about the self loathing this causes either.  It doesn't do anything for me.  The only things I can think about are all the people who aren't around anymore and all the things I've come to lose.  There's no real feelings of regret as any opportunity I had for it before still brought me to this point.

I'm just tired.  Everything is too straining now.  Dreams are too distant when I always veer off course trying to get by day to day.  The only pressing desire I have is to not be alive.  I fear the unknown of death though.  I don't know what the extent of nothingness is.  I guess I'm not mr. cool sad guy who doesn't care about anything when I'm still hoping to feel some comfort in death.  I just want it to happen without me realizing.  Get hit by a tractor trailer before I can even realize it.  Get shot by someone without knowing it's coming.  

It's always the same.  I don't want to handle what controls the universe has set, or not set in this case, in life after death, and I can't do what will fix all of this despite knowing what's right and best now - completing suicide.