Disappointment after disappointmentIt is the first time i do this but i have to say it because i cannot say it to my family.

I am tired of thinking that things will get better. At first I thought starting university would change everything i would make friends. Of course it did not happen. After finishing the first year I realized that the degree that i was doing (mechanichal engineering) wasnt fullfilling me and i changed to physics. Of course, i again stupidly thought things were going to change, and they havent. I have been thinking about suicide for more than 4 years, I am a 20 year old boy now, but this year has been the worst one. I stopped thinking about suicide as just something that could happen in the far future. This year i have had the worst days i have ever had, really wishing i could die without hurting my family. I wish i didnt have a family that cared for me just to be able to kill myself without hurting them, that is all that is stopping me. I am not interested in my future. My family thinks i am lazy, grumpy and just an antisocial, but i dont want them to know anything of this, i just do not want to do anything.

I cannot convice myself to study and pay attention to the lectures, i just sit in front of the computer waiting the lesson to finish. This makes no sense at all. I just spend the day trying to entertain myself with the ps3 or doing sudokus, because i cannot study. Sometimes i feel more or less normal, where i do things without just thinking to much. That it always comes back with great power and I just want to kill myself. It started again a few days ago and I even wrote a letter to family (which I have never done) because i thought that at night when it was my time to take out the dog, i would hang myself in a tree with my dogs strap. But once in the tree with the note in my pocket i dint jump. I was excited and nervous. The hours before that i was also excited that i was gonna do it an just spent the hours doing sudokus. I think and I feel that i have to die before i turn 21. It makes no sense living like this. I wanna die but something doesnt let me take the final step. I just wish i was stronger to take the decision and just finnish it for ever. Nothing interesting is coming, I dont want to come back to the university and share a flat again with strangers. I dont want to live this again. Even when I think things will be better by doing this or that they dont, so what is the point?

Why doesnt my fucking head work as it should? My family loves me and they do everything for me. We do not have a lot of money but my mum still makes and incredible effort to pay for the flat so I can study Physics. And still i disappoint them this why, i am stupid. My fucking head is stupid and i dont get why is doing this to me.


I dont know what do i want with this. I just wanted to say it, because i dont feel capable of saying it to my family.