I feel like suicide is the only possible answerI'm 21 and starting my "fourth year" of college. I've been struggling with depression since middle school (diagnosed as clinical depression) and as if it weren't bad enough, two years ago I started having really bad anxiety (diagnosed as general anxiety disorder). I spent my first year of college at a community college and despite feeling continuously low and having zero friends, I passed my classes fine. I transferred to a university for my second year and things were a little rocky, but I did okay my first semester. My second semester, I dropped out of my classes halfway through because my depression and anxiety were too much. My third year, I tried both semesters to attend school and dropped out both times. 

My family thinks I'm trying again this year, but really I'm living in an apartment that my best friend pays for while she goes to school and works and I sit on my bum all day. Last February, I stayed in a hospital for a week, but it didn't help a bit. I've been on different meeds continuously since I was 17 and I'm at a point where the pills keep me just functioning enough to get up and eat, shower, and not sleep ALL day (just half the day). I'm being pressured by my best friend to work, and I understand that, but even going out to buy milk results in a panic attack. My family gives me an allowance every few weeks, enough to buy my anti-depressants and anti-anxiety pills and see my therapist every other week. 

So I'm at this point, where I have a good bit of school loans on my shoulders (luckily not as much as it could be, since I withdrew so early these last two semesters) and going back to school is clearly not an option. Working isn't an option! Going home isn't an option, because I'll be guilted and every waking moment will be spent answering questions as to why I'm not in school or working, because my family doesn't understand why I can't "just keep going". They think if I "get out and do things" I'll be okay. They think I'm depressed and anxious because I'm idle, not that I'm idle because I'm depressed and anxious.

I don't know where to go now. My therapist and I were seeing each other weekly, but I have stumped her. I've been seeing her since coming to uni (my community college was in my hometown, my uni is 5 hours from my home town) and she's great. I've had an easy time talking to her. But now we're at a stand-still where nothing is helping. I don't really feel happy anymore. I'm sad, anxious, and have been having really awful bouts of rage over the dumbest things. I want to hurt myself, but I put all my razors and such away and it would be too much effort to get to them. But I feel like there's not really anything left for me. I'm just draining people of their money. Everyone is tired of me and how I won't do anything, how I'm "not making an effort". Death looks like the only choice from where I'm standing.