I just wanted to feel loved.The fact that I'm posting here I already know there's a part of me that wants to live. I'm 17. I already know this is a rash decision for me but who cares. 
Ever since I started grade 9 my life went down hill. I'm white and brown. My dad has no back bone and let's my mother talk abuse shit to me any second she can get. No matter what I say in any conversation it because something negative to me. I've become suicidal and depressed since Grade 11 (I'm in Grade 12) as well I have anxiety attacks due to having stressed induced anxiety attacks. My parent's are Christian extremists who simply said "pray" it away. My parents never say I love you or anything anymore. I had shitty grade most of my life and I decided to pick them up. I went from 50's to 70's and 80's and I have only one 41. All my parents could say were how bad I am at school and that I'll never amount to anything. I'm tired  of everything. I have friends I'm not a loner I'm quite the extrovert. My life was at a point where I felt on top of the world. I had a job and I didn't have to see my parents at all because of it so I was happy. I'm a pathological liar and they know this. I can't quit lying I feel there is a necessity to lie to my parents because of how they blow everything out of proportion yet they claim I can tell them anything and when I have it ends up terribly. I smoke weed and I've been keeping it from them for a year or two now. They are slowly catching on. I smoke weed because it genuinely makes me not want to kill myself. 

When I told my parents about me being suicidal and having depression they made it about themselves and blamed said I was lying because mid terms were a week away and I didn't want them to be mad at my grades. I didn't intend on that at all. They made the situation about school and started calling me shitty names etc. I went to school the next day and my counselor whom I told first about it was baffled. I'm simply tired of not feeling loved by my parents. I want to move out but there's no place to move out to. My relatives won't take me in because they don't want problems with my parents. My grades started to slip because I simply have no motivation for anything anymore. I want to simply commit suicide but I'm afraid of the after life. Whether it be hell or complete nothingness. I can't do it anymore, I've held on for so long I a finger way from falling.