no moreim 15 and i was diagnosed with anxiety chronic depression bipolar adhd odd and aspergers in elementary school and its been 10 years of this shit and im done. i always fantasize about killing myself and how people will react at school.  its all melancholy now. icant cry anymore and i cant feel anything anymore and im too much of a pussy to cut. none of my friends like me anymore and i think theyre all annoyed by me i used to always reach out because they never did but now i dont reach out anymore and i just isolate myself in the dark listening to music trying to cry because im a pathetic little shit. ive never had a bf no boys like me i have no social life and my mind is tearing me apart. in two months at most i will hopefully be dead.  for everyone who bullied me and talked shit about me and judged me without trying to get to know me i hope youre happy i want you all to know that i was showing signs and no one reached out. no one tried to help. no one cared. no one thought to put as much effort into a friendship as i put in. everyone is fucking self diagnosing themselves and it makes me so fucking pissed so hopefully you all know what depression is now. go fuck yourself. i dont eblieve in god anymroe the idea of good in the world is bullshit. everyone is selfish and no mtter what they want to think everyone ultimately only cares about themselves. this sounds nihilistic and mean but ive given this shit way too many fucking chances and im tired of being melancholic all the fucking time i cant feel anything anymore but not in a good way it feels so empty nothing makes me happy anymore nothing that used to bring me joy makes me happy anymore and im tired of watching my family have to watch me die inside like this. im tearing my family apart and i dont really bring any value to anyones life. i cant do this anymore its not worth it ive  been trying to get out of this my whole fucking life because it never fucking goes away i dont want my heart to be broken again no one likes me and at school im a fucking jjoke pepole talk about me behind my back and ive literally been nothing but nice to them im not like this at school im good at hiding it but it takes all the energy i have so at home i fall apart and then my parents yell at me and then my sisters cry and then my dad gets mad and then i wake up the next day and do it all again im not myself anymore my meds arent working anymore they dont do shit and im sick of this. i cant take anymore of this so hopefully i dont live to see 16