I (19M) am so fucking tired of all of my life’s pathetic bullshitI have a lot of problems in my life right now all at once, the kicker being that just one of them by itself has been a suicide motivation for many people.  

Let’s start with the one I’m famous for in my post history.  My Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder has caused anxiety so intense that I’ve on multiple occasions wanted to kill myself just over this problem alone.  When it is acting up, I can not focus on anything else.  It has been slightly better maybe in the past week likely because I just don’t care about anything anymore.  This alone, by itself, has historically pushed so many people to suicide.  I have a very extreme and very horrible form of OCD, meaning that this problem by itself is already almost unbearable.

Let’s get to issue number 2, that being feeling worthless, like an outcast, unloved, and an anomaly.  I am not your average 19-year-old college guy.  I don’t drink or do drugs at all, I don’t go to parties, I am pretty quiet, I’m a virgin, and I sure as hell don’t have any good social sense.  I am extremely disorganized, very adaptable, always daydreaming, always in far off thought about abstract, technical topics such as math or philosophy or praxeology, you get the point.  I’m almost certain I have DSPD (Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder) as I consistently sleep at 6-8 am and never get tired before 3 am.  

Society, and so many people close to me very obviously view so many of these things as extremely problematic or very weird/odd to be around, as evident in my family trying to change me and in so many of my the people I know being more successful with romantic relationships.  I know it is horrible to place utmost importance on romantic relationships, but I have been absolutely obsessed with sex and obsessed with being in a romantic relationship since I was a young boy.  Anytime I see a beautiful woman that I find very attractive, I will literally simp over her for months on end and if I ever try to talk to her, I either completely bungle the interaction due to my nervous awkwardness completely ruining the interaction or they see me as weird and quirky and obviously don’t want to get close to me.  Case in point, several days ago I delivered food twice (once one day, another the next day) for free to a girl I knew from college who I found attractive.  The second time I delivered, my friend came with me and he later told me how I completely bungled the social interaction with her, as I was nervous and awkward so I shut out potential avenues for having a long conversation and delivered short awkward responses, and very quickly left after delivering food.  My friend afterwards told me he had no idea I was that level of bad at social interactions with girls I found attractive.  I know it is horrible and unhealthy to place all of your feelings of belonging and desire to be loved into a romantic relationship, but shit I see myself doing a lot of it nowadays.  

I just wonder what it’s like to be a normal guy sometimes.  To not be so quiet.  To not be constantly daydreaming over abstract theoretical bullshit which everybody tells you is useless and which likely will never help you in life.  To not always over-analyze every single social interaction and over-analyze everything.  To not be known as “that guy”-that guy who logically thinks through everything and is a nerdy awkward “genius.”  To not be super laid back and no be flexible and to be assertive towards other people.  To actually have people who care about you, legitimately.  To actually have someone who completely loves you, because you’re not a spazzy weird kid who nobody likes.  I just wish, for one week, I could experience it.  I could experience being normal and loved by people, and to be deeply loved and desired romantically.  I’m a nerdy bumbling awkward shy weirdo who is just constantly thinking about austrian economics and philosophy every day.  Who in the fuck would ever want to love somebody like me?  Every person wants to love a social fun person.  Even if there was somebody who did want to be with me, I no doubt would completely screw it up and have it not happen because of my unending awkwardness around girls I’m attracted to.  I literally would need a direct miracle from God to ever experience a healthy, fulfilling, mutual romantic relationship at this point.  I know this mindset of placing so much of my value in romantic relationships is extremely unhealthy, but shit that doesn’t stop me from constantly doing it, and from constantly just wishing I could be loved by somebody who truly cared for me.  Most guys my age are completely playing with multiple girls’ feelings and getting multiple girls to fall in love with them, and having the privilege to choose who to get with and can get in new relationships in a week or less.  I’m such a borderline-autistic spazzy freak that no girl who wasn’t completely toxic and controlling and borderline abusive has ever truly wanted to be with me.  What is it like to be a regular guy my age?  What’s it like to have some person or multiple people who truly love him?  What’s it like to be accepted by society, and not be told by literally EVERYBODY that he NEEDS TO CHANGE SOMETHING ABOUT HIMSELF?  What is it like for all of your personality traits to be socially acceptable?  What is it like to just be loved?  I’ll never know this.

My parents are micromanaging more of the shit in my life to the point where it is tipping me over the edge.  My conformist father who tells me what I read is useless and I need to do more work.  Telling me that I need to “fix my sleep schedule” DESPITE THE FACT THAT I FUCKING HAVE DSPD.  Constantly pushing me to get therapy for my OCD, to the point where the micromanaging and constant, constant pushing is a new source of stress.  I would be 10x happier if I was just living completely on my own and completely independent without them trying to micromanage so
much in my life and trying to fix me with therapy and other shit that I’m not set on doing.

It also doesn’t help that all of this shit that I’m going through I cope with by constantly going on media and watching porn.  These addictions completely destroy and consume my life by taking up over 10 hours daily of my time.  When I feel all of this shit from all of my life problems I’ll immediately go to one of these compulsions to just escape from everything.  It also doesn’t help that the high porn usage undoubtedly makes me more awkward around women and exacerbates feelings of loneliness, leading me to feel more of those horrible feelings of loneliness listed above and giving in again.  Rinse and repeat.

So yeah, that’s my life at a young 19 years of age.  Please give me one good reason why I shouldn’t just end all the bullshit going on in my life right now.

TL;DR: I have extreme OCD which causes anxiety, I’m an awkward nerdy weird virgin guy who struggles constantly with feeling unloved romantically and not accepted by society, and I cope with all of these horrible feelings through porn, masturbation, and very high media usage which makes my problems worse.  Why should I not just end my life right now?