There's pain and then there's pain.I've read a lot on the subject of suicide over time, and one of the things that stuck with me is that suicide occurs when pain outweighs coping resources. However, it seems to me that the pain that's talked about is always emotional. While I understand that suicide is inherently an emotional event, what's almost never discussed is what to do when the pain is primarily physical. 

Most of the time, I know that there will be good times ahead, that there's a lot in life to look forward to. But I've also learned that whatever good there is, it will lie under a shadow of constant, unrelenting, undertreated pain. And sometimes I don't see any way out of it that's not terribly final. 

The hell of it is, low-level opioid pain medication works for me without nasty side effects or withdrawal problems. I took Vicodin for several years without problems, went several years without anything that worked (moved, changed doctors and insurances), took Darvocet for about a year before they pulled it from the market (you know, I'll risk the heart attack over living in pain) and now they'll only prescribe Ultram, which doesn't work for me (and has more side effects than the others to boot). Actually, the best med (with the worst side effects) was Topamax, which made me mentally vacant but largely pain-free; the side effects were considered intolerable, so I can't take that either, I guess (I'm starting to think it's worth it). 

So, SW, what's a girl to do? I'm on antidepressants and anxiolytics to cope with chronic pain. I don't really want to end it - I don't want to leave my family with that baggage. But I don't really want to go on like this, either, and doing the doctor shuffle is hopeless and makes me more miserable. 

Are there answers? Are there suicide prevention resources tailored to chronic pain patients out there? If being overwhelmed is inevitable, do I get points for hanging on as long as I can for them? If I don't believe there's anywhere to go after this life, does it matter?

Sorry for posting this under my alt account. I fear that someone may connect my main account to my real identity, and I'd prefer that these feelings not be a matter of public record. 