Can't find a solutionI also posted this in r/depression. Hopefully that's not an issue.

I've been depressed for over three years now and I'm so frustrated with feeling the same way for so long. Everything I do seems futile. I hate my work even though the job is a good match for me and almost certainly better than any job I'd get to replace it. I spend most of my workday feeling sorry for myself, then getting frustrated at myself for doing so. I rewrite the same lines of code over and over just in an attempt to focus. I know what I have to do, it's just painfully difficult pulling myself out of apathy to actually do it.

I tried adopting a proactive mindset, on finding solutions to my problems instead of simply wallowing in them, but it has led me to a very dark place. I can't think of a plausible life path that isn't going to be miserable for 30 years. The solution my brain came up with was suicide, and I do think that's my only real escape route. When I weigh the pros and cons of my life, the scale is extremely lopsided towards the negatives side. On a day to day basis, my life has far more humiliation, anxiety, sadness, etc. than it does joy. Pretty much the only thing that gives me any real joy, and not simply escaping the discomfort, is my dog. I love that dog; she is amazing. I take her to the dog park once or twice a day, but I think she'd be better off without me. She's a purebred Vizsla, about one year old, and literally the most affectionate animal I've ever encountered, so she'd probably find a good home with a family and a yard. I want to post an image, but can't in this subreddit. She's decently trained, although I definitely treat her like a friend sometimes more than a dog. She literally sleeps in my lap under the covers. I named her Persephone since her job is to give me a reason not to kill myself. She's done a good job.

Anyways, while trying to come up with some steps I can take to work towards a life I don't despise the only realistic option I could come up with is killing myself. Now I feel like I have my answer, and my brain is tired of me asking for a new one. When I re\-frame the question along the lines of "How can I help improve the world", I end up with brainstorming potential targets for a truck bomb \(elite private boarding school, governor's ball etc.\). Part of why I feel so sick with my life is that I think the people in charge of our society are fucking evil, or amoral at best. I used to read about history a lot, and one of the interesting things was always how vile people can behave and no one cares if they are powerful. An example is Gilles de Rais \(I think it's this guy but I don't have the book Madness of Crowds\), a French aristocrat who murdered a few hundred peasant children. However, no one who mattered cared. He didn't become a problem until his relatives complained to the church that he was squandering their inheritance \(he had giraffes on his estate, was bankrolling a "necromancer", and had all sorts of similar ridiculousness going on\). When I read about the DuPont molestation travesty a while back, it kind of clicked that this dynamic is still a foundational principle of society. The best way to help the world would be to kill some of them or their children. I read McVeigh's Manifesto and his grievances reflected my own, which was troubling. I do think that we have created a society that requires crushing people's spirits and I hate how willingly people trade away their freedoms if they are bribed with gadgets or scared of some villainous enemy. Sooooo, making the world a better place isn't a fruitful avenue for me.

I bought a revolver today. I just wanted to actually do something to work towards escaping instead of feeling sorry for myself. I was putting it to my head \(unloaded\) and pulling the trigger a few minutes ago. My dog didn't like it, but this is the best I've felt about my life in a long, long time. The jury is still out on exactly why I feel better. I don't know if it's because I'm finally accepting what I need to do, or if it's because now I can stop pretending like I'm going to be able to escape my life.