A Suicidal Rant?I don't really mind if nobody sees this, I don't really expect anyone to reply, I just need to rant out my feelings. I just feel trapped in my life, and in my body. If anybody does read this then I'm sorry for the length.

First of all, my workplace, it's the most toxic workplace, I work at a supermarket and a lot of the people there are high school age, making the place very gossip orientated. Everyone in my department acts like a teenager, they bully each other, then complain about getting bullied. Everyday I get insulted by the same coworkers who claim everyone else treats them poorly. I am threatened, I've been kicked by a coworker and I'm just told to not take it personally or that then threatening to hurt me is their sick sense of humour. I've gone to my departments management but she is just as toxic, HR is horrible too and we're not allowed sick days. I feel trapped there, I'm suicidal almost everyday now. I've tried talking to coworkers about the hostility and they just continue to do it. People's parents call the workplace telling them that their kid comes home crying almost everyday, and that their kid is being bullied. Im not allowed to use anyone there as a reference making it hard to get into other jobs, hence why I feel so stuck. 

The other thing; my almost non-existent self-esteem. I have no confidence, I feel huge in my body and refuse to leave the house without wearing a oversized jumper or coat, even when it's hot and I'm sweating. I'm convinced I'm this huge waste of space, it's true that I've caused this to myself, I've always bullied myself and I'm not sure how to stop it and I'm uncomfortable going to someone to talk about it professionally because of past experiences. I feel immense guilt whenever I eat before 9PM, and just whenever I eat anything, which leads to me bingeing at night, every night. I get so suicidal over this, I feel like a failure for eating, I feel like I have to starve, I can't accept the weight I am at. But I don't know how to eat healthily anymore, all I know is how to starve and overeat. Food is just calories for me, it's not something I enjoy, it's something I feel panicked about and I know that's not normal, but I feel too huge to ask for help, like my bad relationship with my body image and food wouldn't be taken seriously. It used to just be my body that I didn't like, but now it's become my face and personality as well.

I don't have friends, I have people who I call my friends but they're not, they're what I call the "pity" friendship. Where they only hangout with me out of pity, and they don't even hangout with me anymore. I used to play games with this person online, they were my friend until they started bullying me too. I have nobody, I've got my boyfriend and he's my best friend but I need other friends. Sometimes I don't even want friends because of how much damage friendships has caused me, it feels like so much stress.

I don't know where I was going with this, but rants over. 