Am I allowed to feel sorry for myself?I always have to be so fucking strong around people. Acting like things don't fucking matter to me and shit. Like everything is alright. I fuck everything up though, I can't do anything right. I can't tell someone "Hey don't curse or I'll have to kick you"(from a game, I'm a mod) I can't go to school because just talking to people is fucking hard so I left and take online classes, even emailing my fucking teachers prove to be fucking hard and such.

I always have to help my mom, her back hurts a lot and her legs give out on her, she walks using a walker, we didn't have much money but we finally got it because she was tired of falling down and hurting herself when her legs give out. Dad doesn't want to help her, or his son for that matter. He gets mad when he has to go get my brother from school or work. One time my mom was asking him for help on something and he said "Ugh I didn't agree to this" and they then had an argument about how he is suppose to since they married the "through sick and health" thing he agreed.

I have to take care of her because no one else will. That and I have to help grandpa now because she is unable to. Grandpa likes doing things for himself though, so he isn't usually putting a lot of work on me.

Doing this work doesn't bother me, it's taking care of my mom, how it affects us mentally. I do so much so I'm tired, I have a cat in my room that meows all of the time so when I am not doing anything it's hard to sleep. In the summer it's too hot here, so I try to leave my door open but I can't because of the cat.

I'm so tired and not sleeping finally had it's affect on me and I am getting more on edge and just exhausted.

I have an illness also, not just my mom. It's watching her get hurt )when she falls mainly) that makes me so sad.

I have an illness, and sometimes I just think... "Why me?" The typical thing of being like so fucking unfair that these things have to had happened to me. Illness is painful, okay? It hurts. It's four AM for me currently, I couldn't sleep because I've done something bad.

I just.. finally told him I couldn't be a mod much longer because I just... ugh. It's hard for me. I feel like I've disappointed him...

The rules have changed now because of me yet again.

When  can I jsut leave, just leave my life?

I hardly feel sorry for others. I feel sorry for those with situations like mine, illness with either a skin condition or back issues and they fall and such. I have this skin condition and it was a rash type thing but had lesions that were painful, also made me internally sick, vomiting, internal bleeding, stomach/kidney/heart pain.
Pain aftger surgery because they messed up and I wasn't on any pain killers for waking up. Feeling like I was ripped the fuck open.

Being in a wheel chair for months, "friends" ignoring me because I guess I was the weird person in the wheel chair. Scars all over my arms and legs from the skin condition that I always had to explain to others who judged. People judging when I had pills, mainly steroids (for the skin) because they didn't know. I mean, they didn't know, but they didn't have to judge like that still... After the illness was "clear" I still had (have to this day) joint pains. I have to live the rest of my life in fear of this coming back. It can come back any time. I always check my body for signs of it.

It's just a nightmare.

Speaking of nightmares, I have those. Some are normal things, being attacked or raped, some aren't normal, having to talk to certain people, having a car explode, losing our house. It's because those are more of realities for me, so it's scary... Our cars always break down because we can't buy a new car..

Had to spend time moving back and forth between my parents and my grandparents becasue they couldn't drive us anymore, cars were all broken down. I don't like the grandparents house...

I did like the bed, I nbever had one until this year, and it's a blessing.


I enjoy small things, since I don't have many big things. a bed is a big thing. a dresser. I got those two things this year. I have enough clothes to take two washes instead of just one, that'sm ore clothes I've ever had before. I can still fit them all in one big wash though...

So I have some good htings, but most of my life is shit.

I always hide how sad I am though. Is it ever a time I can just cry, and feel sorry for myself? Without feeling like shit for it? People can only handle so much, right? Am I jsut that stupid dramatic bitch if I cry? I've not cried for myself in so long, it's hard to bottle all of the emotions on the inside. I'll sublit this before I change my mind and stay silent again, I do that quite often... I'm so tired, maybe getting this all off of my chest will help me finally sleep. I doubt it.