I feel like dead weight to everyone I know and I want to fucking dissapear because of itIt's everyone, my family, my friends, I just feel like I'm making everyone's like worse for being around.
My mom has told me countless times in her rages that I don't do anything, that I don't help in any way, that she prefers my stepbrother over me, and even I can see that, sometimes they could be talking for hours and I try to add something and I always get interrupted, and it just makes me feel like I'm not fucking worth anything and a second thought.
And my friends? God, I could talk for hours about this, i feel like I try too hard to fit in around them and I just end up making myself look like an asshole, one of them straight up calls me names and we've fought a couple of times, and I feel like dead weight, I'm a sad fucking sack and a total emotional blob, I cry over my grades because I'm scared my mom would hit me (she hasn't hit mw recently, but she did do it alot until around 12-13, I'm 14 now, and I guess I'm a little traumatised)
And they have to deal with my crying ass and calm me down awkwardly when I know they don't know what to do.
And I'm a very ranting person, I like to rant over anything, and I feel like i BORE them...like they don't really want to hear what I'm saying.
And I even did this to my girlfriend on accident, she was in alot of stress and I just kept ranting and ranting to her and she even cried at her homecoming and never told me because I made her sit in a corner and calm me because I had had a bad time and was basically crying over the other side of the phone, and she just never told me, and then later she told me that I rant alot, and that the homecoming thing happened, and I was just....shocked.
We broke up, I felt like she didn't like me anymore, but we're still friends!! Kinda...
I feel like I bother her.
I just wish I could fucking die and never bother anyone, I don't want anyone to have to deal with my pain if its causing them pain too
I just want to fucking kill myself.