It's gotten to the point where it's getting impossible to not kill myself.No one cares or understands, but I have to vent anyway.

Can you imagine beginning each day with absolutely no motivation to move forward, nothing to gain or lose, since your true desire is impossible to achieve?

God, you are the absolute most merciless asshole to have ever created man. You ruined my life, and gave me nothing for all of the hell you put me through. I thought everything I had been through would at least allow the girl you brought into my life to love me, after all I had sacrificed and done. Instead, I just think about how terribly she treated me, and some other guy using her up and enjoying her, while I will never get to hold her while she remains as beautiful as she was. Once she is decrepit and hideous, will you send her back to me, just for additional insult, when you understand nothing about my pain, my patience, the torment in my mind you have caused me. 

The only thing you could tell me, was to get laid and fuck some other godamn cunt. You told me through another person to lose my virginity, when I already lost it you dumb ass. But even then, I understand that you understand nothing. How is it that a godamn moron like myself understands more about the world than god? Those who sacrifice everything get nothing in return.

Every day is hell without her, I want her back, and no matter how hard I search or try, it is a mountain no god is able to move. You put me through this misery like a dagger in my heart every day, and no one gets it. No one knows how badly I was treated my entire life, no one knows what betrayal is unless you actually look into my past, which no one ever will.

I seek death all the day long, and there is no cure for this other than blowing my head off or wiping my memories clean. I can't do this to my parents, so I just don't know what to do if I can't kill myself. I don't know what to do to end the thoughts of her being with someone else, and no one being able to replace her. I can't deal with an unjust god who understands nothing, and will never get me back for the patience and faith I had just to be completely betrayed to the point of insanity and major depression for the rest of my life.

I don't want to be here.

I don't want to live.

I have no motivation to even so much as move or eat.