Really struggling with life (life story)I've been struggling with depression / anxiety for a couple years now. Its been something that's very on / off for me. Which has impacted many parts of my life but mostly academics. 
I'm 17 years old, turning 18 soon. I'm a senior in high school, very above average intelligence, naturally good looking, funny. I've always struggled with social skills (diagnosed with Asperger's several years ago), I never really took interest in socializing, only my limited interests. 
Computers have always been apart of who I am, and growing up, I realized that I rarely shared interests with others and began to isolate myself even more. 
My family used to mean a lot to me. I was always a very sensitive kid and relied on my mom for support. My dad however, always had been kind of a dick, especially to my mom and I. Know that i'm older, I now know he has Asperger's worse than I do and has trouble expressing emotions.
Right around early middle school is when I really felt like my life was going down hill. My parents without warning were getting divorced, the kids in middle school were always so mean to me and I got picked on a lot, and I started realizing the group of friends I had didn't really like me that much.
In retrospect, I feel like the emotions I had during the long, agonizing divorce never really were taken care of. I no longer had anyone to go to as a support, and that transition time period was very sensitive. My mom had been too busy with her new boyfriend (which didn't take long to get), who had been one of my old friend's dad. That made things pretty terrible at school, especially living in a small, very conservative town. This was a very rough time in my life. 
High school came around, things seemed to get even worse. I got bullied more and more, I was suicidal, failing classes, horribly depressed (partly from side effects of medication). By the time my junior year came around, I was just starting to take my life in control when I decided to make a huge fucking mistake. 
I was with a group of "friends" at the time, when I thought it would be cool to show off how I can hack into our teacher's email account. As a group, we all took turns writing parts of a terrible and derogative email which we sent out to the school district. Pretty fucking hilarious at the time until eventually enough people at my school told the police it was me (without even knowing f or certain), so that they investigated me and of course I broke under questioning. This resulted in my expulsion at my first high school. The other guys got off completely free because they blamed it all on me. I almost faced a felony, but got lucky with a judge. This process was also very long and agonizing.
I got accepted into another public high school shortly after, in which I decided to turn my life around and give an effort with my life. I proved this with getting a 4.0 GPA and earned several very difficult computer certifications. My self esteem at this high school was improving as well as I learned that a lot of girls actually thought I was attractive and funny (I'm completely clueless). I plan on going into the computer field in college, something that I'm gifted in. 
Recently however, things have started to go down hill again. I was tired of my dad being such a dick to me so I moved out of his house, currently living at my moms. I got into drugs for a little bit, especially over the summer. I thought I was too smart to get any of the side effects, but my newly gained social life started slipping, as well as emotional connections with family. However, I have stopped, even with smoking recently. Now that i'm sobering up, I'm realizing again what a mess my life is, makes it even more tempting to go back.
Today, I got called down to the principals office at my tech center (i'm dual enrolled in a public high school and vocational education). Apparently they found a text file on my school computer that I don't even remember writing that said some stupid shit. And they said that I could be facing expulsion again for this.
I can't handle getting fucking expelled again. If that does happen, I seriously don't think i'll be able to handle it. I was already reluctant enough about my life from the past one to take any more emotional struggle. I know for a fact that If I get expelled, I won't get anymore chances, my life will literally be over. 

So right now, I'm feeling pretty shitty towards myself for letting something like that happen a second fucking time. I've already been depressed lately, don't know what I should do :/ . I came here because I don't know where else to go to, anyone my age wouldn't help, even my girlfriend. 
Will emotional connections come back after the weed leaves my system? Will my life get any better? Do I still have a chance at being successful? I'm just so lost and confused right now, I really need help.
  