I’m a lying hypocrite and everything is my fault.For years I’ve avoided telling people the truth. When I do open up to someone, I don’t tell them much. I tell them I’m depressed and anxious, but I tell them that nothing caused it. I always say that I’ve just always been anxious. And I tell them I don’t know why my depression is slowly getting untreatable. Even my few friends who know about my suicidal thoughts/suicide attempts don’t know why. I never talked to them about it. I’ve avoided telling the truth so much I started lying. I pretend to have problems that I don’t, and I pretend that little problems are bigger than they are. Just being depressed or anxious doesn’t explain my crazy mood swings, amnesia, and all the other crazy shit. I don’t even fully understand what is going on with me. At this point I feel like I can’t tell the truth. And I don’t even know what to say. It’s been so long since I’ve had a serious talk about my emotions. A while ago I had an “intervention” and really didn’t really tell my friend what’s going on. Truthfully, I’ve been suffering from crippling ptsd for years, the longer I’m alive the worse it gets. I was abused physically and sexually by my grandpa. It was years ago so there is no proof. I doubt I can do anything legally. And my family will 100% not believe me because he’s such a “good man”. My family just thinks I have mild depression.. I want to tell someone. I want to cry and just be open about everything. But this problem is getting worse. Honestly I’m turning into a literal compulsive liar. I can’t be honest. I don’t know how to talk to anyone. It’s hard to even tell if what I’m saying is true because I don’t know how I feel. I really don’t think I can be helped. Like the only option at this point is suicide. I can’t start over. I want to change so much. All the bad things that have happened in my life are all my fault. All of it. Everything is always my fault. I hate myself so much but I’m also pretty sure I’m a narcissist. I hate admitting I’m wrong and think so highly of myself while i talk to others. It’s so weird and hard to explain. Everything about me is a lie and a contradiction. I’m a hypocrite and I don’t know what to do at this point. I want to start over so badly. I’m fine. It’s all a lie I’m just fine. I’m just being dramatic. I’m a liar. I’ll always be a lier. I just want attention. I need help but I’ll never be able to get it. I don’t deserve it. I’m fucking done.