Do I tell? Tried to post on r/sexualassault but having no luck. Suicidal thoughts anyway.This is a throwaway account. 
I need to write everything out so it’ll be a long one... (TLDR at bottom) 
I [28F] met a guy [25M] on tinder around December time last year. 
We hooked up a few times; he would usually come quite late and sometimes in the day. We would chat, smoke a couple of joints, and have sex. He seemed like a bit of a dick at the time but I wasn’t too bothered about it as we were just hooking up and no feelings involved. I started seeing someone in March and cut contact with the tinder guy. I’ve since split with bf and decided to get back in contact with tinder guy for hook ups again. He’s an amateur boxer about to turn pro and from a fairly rough area and he’s told me stories about the trouble him and his friends get into. He told me he likes to hurt people - which should have been a big glaring red flag but I just thought ‘meh, can’t hurt me I don’t even have feelings for you’ (like the naive chump I am). 
He came to my house about 4am on Friday night (Saturday morning) when I was asleep. I let him in and we chatted for a bit then it got sexual which I was happy with. He’s a big guy and good looking. He starts telling me he wants to ‘f**k me in the arse’ to which I consistently said no to and he even tried whilst we were having sex missionary. I told him ‘no’ and that I don’t really do that and if I did it would be with a bf who I trusted. He stopped after that so I thought it was cool. Why didn’t I just stop then? So he turns me over so we’re doggy and proceeds as normal, then he starts squirting loads of baby oil on my lower half, took both my arms and held them infront of my face and tried to penetrate me anally. I said ‘don’t, please don’t. *his name* stop’ and wriggled under him. He lay on me and penetrated me anally. I whimpered in pain and just went floppy, like I was playing dead. I just couldn’t move, not because of his weight so much but because I was just frozen, I wanted him to get it done with so it would stop. 
He’d been out drinking and whatever else that night and he didn’t use a condom and I didn’t even say anything about that when we usually use a condom. I think I was more concerned with keeping him away from my bum. He was being really pushing and I should’ve stopped him and got away from him before he had the chance to do what he did.
When he’d finished, he pulled out quickly so it really hurt even more than it should and said ‘I can’t believe I just came in your arse!’ I just lay there, face down in the pillow. He asked what was up. I replied ‘I’ve just been bummed’ he laughed and said ‘don’t say it like that’ I just said ‘well I have’ still with my face in the pillow. He said ‘Jesus’ then got up and got dressed. I sat up and tried to be normal with him. I just thought he was a bastard, I knew what he’d just done but there was no emotion attached and I just wanted to get clean. All week it has been popping into my head, going over and over it, and not just that but the whole time I’d known him there were red flags I’d been ignoring. And then I felt humiliated and used because I remembered the day before the assault he came to my flat and asked for a picture of me to show to his friend, I said I’d send him a photo from ones I already had but he just whipped out his phone and started videoing me. I was in my bra, my lower half covered with blanket. Then he came round the day after the assault and slept in my bed for 5hrs because he’d been on a bender and couldn’t crash at home.  And since then he’s been doing his usual saying he’s coming round but then not actually coming around and has ghosted me; he said he was getting a new phone number too. Now I’m wondering if he’d planned to do what he did. Showing me to his friends, violating me, then disappearing. It was just a game to him and I’d been royally played. And now I don’t know what to do because part of me thinks he’s not fully to blame because I told him, through my actions, that it was ok to treat me poorly, because I wasn’t emotionally invested, and he did. The reason it’s affecting me so much a week after is because I thought I’d be upset for a few days and be able to just let it go but I can’t. I’m not eating or sleeping and I tried to meditate last night for healing and I got halfway through and broke down crying nonstop for hours, calling all the helplines I could. It’s like I opened my mind up to heal it but as we all know it gets worse before it gets better and I was totally unprepared to feel how I still feel now. I’m going for an examination of my rectum, however it is probably too late to attain evidence even though he did cut my rectum as it was sore and bleeding for days after. I told a sexual assault service earlier but I am terrified to tell the police. Part of me wants to tell the dam world so he can’t do this to anyone else, and I think he’s the sort who would and may have already done before me. And part of me cannot cope with the idea of reporting him because I’m autistic and severely anxious and depressed long before this happened and I’m already at the edge of suicide and I don’t know if this is going to tip me over the edge but I know if I tell it will bring a world of trouble to me and potentially my family and that really would push me to end it. I’m ashamed to have got myself in this situation even though I know no matter what he should not have violated me, I know I should’ve been wiser and protected myself better. I’ve said numerous times to the mental health services that I don’t feel safe and that people abuse me (common for people with autism). This isn’t the first time in my adult life where the line of consent has been crossed but idk it never really felt like rape before because I’ll tell someone I don’t want to have sex then they’ll just badger me and be all smarmy til I give in, which shows I have a pathetic will power, but I am also lonely and people take advantage of that but I know this and still allow it but sometimes idk what is ok and what is genuine and what isn’t. I don’t know what to do. I don’t feel I can tell my family as they would pretty much make me go to the police and I don’t have any friends close enough for me to trust to be supportive with this. I know I never want to eat again so that might become a problem... in other words I’m a mess rn, any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance and sorry if I take ages to respond, I’m highly anxious so even talking on the internet can take me a while to get round to but I’ll definitely read every comment. 

TLDR: anally assaulted a week ago by Guy I met on tinder. Felt detached at the time but now what happened has hit me hard. Being examined today and booking to see counsellor sometime soon. He’s an amateur boxer turned pro who ‘likes to hurt people’. I’m a nervous wreck, even before this, with autism who has suicidal thoughts. Should I tell the police?  Feel like the cons outweigh the pros as to if I should tell them or not, I want to live for now and this might push me over the edge. Any advice appreciated, thanks.