Yeah, I'm doneSo I don't know how it got this way. I'm 35, male, I used to be a Linux sysadmin making a decent salary. My wife and I have been married for 6 years, been together for 8. I got one kid from a previous relationship, and two from my marriage. 

I had everything made, I thought. Didn't own a house, but we rented a nice one in a nice neighborhood. We each had our own car, used but decent. Our clothes weren't always brand name, and we didn't always eat out at fancy restaurants, but we were doing pretty good. Life was pretty fucking good, I tell you. I mean, damn, I look back now, and even when my wife and I were just starting out together living in a shitty apartment, wow, we were fucking happy. How the fuck did I get here? How the fuck did I get to her having a fucking order of protection against me because we both (well, according to her, only I did) got drunk one night and said I could just put my hands around her neck and squeeze if I wanted to. Hell, she waited 16 days after that to fucking leave in the middle of the fucking night with the kids.

In court she was crying. I didn't know what was going on. I got served with papers at 4:47pm the previous day and had to be there at 9am. Try getting a lawyer with that time frame. She told the judge what she said happened, but she then started crying about how I'm not a bad guy how she just wants me to stop drinking, how I need help because something is wrong and it all started happening when my dad died about two years ago. Not long after that I lost my job and we couldn't afford to pay our rent anymore so my mom offered to let us move in and we did. Then I got real lazy and started drinking. And I got another job and lost that one. And my wife started drinking heavily as well (we didn't drink before - well, we quit for a couple of years). She started getting violent, but she would never apologize because she didn't *do* anything because she didn't *remember* doing anything. Then I got another job and lost it so I just said fuck it and started staying at home with my son who has behavioral problems. What the fucked up part is, the REALLY FUCKED UP PART, she could have gone into a lot of detail on things that I actually DID do, like hang out at bars all night, withdrawing tons of money from the bank account to spend on blow a few times (not a lot, but more than a few), a CDV arrest from when she and I both got wasted as shit and I threw a water bottle at what I thought was the floor but apparently was her hand (to this day I think she reached out and tried to catch it and jammed her finger - there's no way I could have hit her hand the way I threw it, not trying to say I've never done anything wrong, I'm just not a wife beater - she even went and signed a statement the next day saying she was drunk and couldn't really remember all the details so the charges were dropped), etc. All of this is stuff she could have brought up but DIDN'T. She looked at me and told me she loved me and didn't want a divorce but it had to be this way for a while...

Now they're all gone away. I'm 35 years old. I live at my moms house. I have an order of protection against me. My wife and I quit drinking and we were making amends, and I drove down there yesterday for a job interview (at her request I started looking for jobs down there and I got a call for an interview) and to see her and the kids. Man, I was so happy because things were looking up - I felt the clarity of a few months sobriety, heard my wife happy again, was going to have a family dinner - it was gonna kick ass! As soon as I got there she flipped her story and wanted nothing to do with me, but she did follow through with her word and had dinner with me and the kids, although she had family with her and wouldn't speak to me and appeared miserable the entire time (second time I've seen the kids since they left). The kids are doing just fine without me. They're really, really happy down there - spoiled rotten, better than I can spoil them. Apparently they're a little nervous of me because they're being told all kinds of great stuff about how Daddy is abusive and a monster. 

So we had dinner and I drove back. Got home at 3 am and she starts chatting with me online saying its not over to just give her time she's just confused and scared. I understand because, well, so am I and I know I need to get my head straight too.

Well, as of tonight, its a no go again and my kids don't even want to talk to me on the phone anymore.

So fuck it, guys. I'm a 35 year old unemployed loser with major gaps in employment, labeled abusive, oh yeah: a felony from when I was 17, just diagnosed with severe PTSD a couple weeks ago (which would explain a lot of the behavior issues I have), and I live with my mom. Oh, did I mention that about a year ago we went to a party and my old boss was there and he punched my two front teeth out? Yeah, so I got that going for me, too.

I got shit, Reddit. I got shit to live for. I can't believe I'm one of those dumbasses who believed that marriage is an eternal covenant, a bond that can never be broken. Heh. No need to work on a family when its easier to run away and hide from your own problems and cheaper to file for a divorce. Seems guys these days will fuck some other guys ex wife anyway, right? Yeah, I fell for the whole 'til death do we part routine. Except: I'm making it true. So again, she'll get off Scot free, keeping her vows, til death do us part.