I want to be selfishI came on here a bit ago, made an account just to post on here and I'm always finding myself with a buttoned lip and I'm sorry for that, but I guess I just wanted to say that I really wish I could just end it all.

I have a good family, not the best, but a wonderful father. I have so many friends I always forget just how many people want me in their lives. I had a wonderful boyfriend. We'd been in a long distance relationship for almost 4 years and we just can't take the distance anymore and we agreed to an open relationship and he found someone else who makes him happy and I just felt she could do him better than I ever could, even though he's told me that's not the case. So I told him we should break up and he insisted on taking a break, but what's the point of that when he still has someone to love and I have nothing? I told him to do all the things I wouldn't let him do while we were together and he told me he won't do that and that he still loves me. But I honestly am just pushing him away because I don't want to live anymore, I don't believe in something like that because I am not his everything like he is my everything. A long time ago I made him the center of my universe, the reason for me to live, he'd saved me from the emptiness and sadness and he was my reason to get up every morning. And that was such a horrible thing for me to do. I have no other reasons in this world to live. I have a basic minimum wage job, a useless degree, and a whole lot of nothing else going for me. The only reason I'm not dead is because I know it's a horribly selfish thing for me to do and the amount of pain it would cause so many people is just unbelievable. And yet I can't stop thinking about dying. I self harmed yesterday, the first time in 6 or 7 years. I keep thinking I should do that again too. I am just so done and tired. I want to be loved in person, held in person, touched in person, and I can't wait. I can't wait anymore but I feel I'm so crazy that he wouldn't even want me down there if I blew my job off for season anyway.

I have my first counseling appointment on the 10th. I'm suppose to move down to his place in January or February. He told me even if we weren't together I should still go down there because I'm just not okay where I live now. But if I did that I feel like I'd just see him and her together and I'd just lose everything. It would hurt me far too much, I probably would be able to be selfish there. I don't know what to do. Time moves so slow these days as I lay awake either sobbing, having panic attacks, or just eating away at myself and how I'll never find love again because all I want is his love. I want to die SW. Tell me why I shouldn't die? What can I do to stop wanting to die?