No One Really Cares About Me.What's the point of living anyway when no one loves you?

(I'm not sure this belongs here because I don't know when I will off myself).

I don't think my parents really care about me. I think I am just dead weight to them. I am 21 and living with them and they are paying for my college. We are not that close. I cannot talk to them about my feelings because they do understand western society. They way too conservative. They think prayer and reading the Bible will fix everything. It doesn't. 
They are the reason why I am still sticking around though. My older brother took his life in February 2017 when he was 24. I don't want to attempt, fail and them finding out. They would think they were the reason or that they were failure of parents.

Being a short, unattractive guy also takes a toll on my self-esteem. If everyone is dealt a different hand in life I have been given the worst cards to play with. There are way too many obstacles for me concur. I definitely wish I was taller and better looking didn't have social anxiety. I think then I could be taken more seriously in life. I am not looking for a girlfriend at the moment (never had one by the way) but I am scared I'll get pushed around knowing I can't change anything. Yes, I know that I should eat right, workout room but it won't change the fact that I am short and riddled with anxiety. 

Self-loathing is rampant for me. I am an Indian guy. Born and raised in Ameria but there is still a stigma about us. No one seems to like us. There are bad stereotypes about us bad jokes about us (creepy guys with no sense on how to communicate properly). I understand why those are a thing and why people may think those things but that rips away at me. I am aware that Indians can also be prejudice towards others so I get why you may not particularly care about me right now. I myself try to be kind to anybody unconditionally and try to understand all points of view. I can't act angry in public or else I am bruting foreigner, I can't go clubbing or anything like that because are not used to seeing someone of my race doing things like that. I have not learned how to be myself. 

As you see I am worried that things that I cannot change about myself height, race, looks means that I cannot be respected or appreciated. If things were different I would be much happier.

I know that I could learn something new, get a hobby, get rich. I konw that there are momentary pleasures like music, food etc. However, if you think about it none of that matters short or tall, ugly or handsome that stuff is futile to me. I probably sound sad and pathetic to you right now. You wouldn't be entirely wrong either. I have become nihilistic about everything. The only thing keeping me up is college and I am not doing to well in that either. 

I am not sure what kind of future I will have. Being completely realistic with myself, my future will probably be living alone, working and coming home.

To me suicide is freedom. Freedom from depression, anxiety, and further turmoil. 