I don't see any point in living for any longer.I'm 16 years old and I'm very positive that I will commit suicide before 2017. 

My life has been pretty shitty the past two years, and I mean, really shitty. I have been abused by my brother and father for almost all my life, but it has been severe since I turned 13. I got beat up about once every two weeks. There was nothing I could do to defend myself as my brother has always been a foot taller than me (7 foot now) and my dad, well, is a grown ass man. My brother is also a complete retard and doesn't understand that people die very easily and almost killed me twice and was in court for an attempted murder dispute after he picked some 5'4 kid over his head and slammed him head first on concrete. He has stabbed me in the neck when I tried defending myself and has stomped my head into the ground when I tried defending myself.

I don't really care so much in the physical aspect. Because of these constant beatings, I am almost completely impervious to pain. What is bad, though, is the psychological deterrence it has provided for me. It's kind of traumatizing when the people you are supposed to love and trust and look up to beat you all the time. And I never did anything to deserve it. It was always one of my father's temper tantrums or one of my brother's psychotic breaks. My brother has destroyed lots of the house, several phones, and pieces of furniture in these episodes and one day tried to hit my dad in the head with a hammer. 

 Also in this time period, my parents began fighting very routinely. I remember fondly Christmas day, 2014. My dad pulled his wedding ring off his finger, threw it at my mom, told her to take that to hell with her, and drove off in his truck, not returning for several weeks. And when he did return, I rarely saw him. 

When I was fourteen I started dating a girl and when I was fifteen she broke up with me in the worst way possible because I was depressed. I have been depressed since I was about 13 and had my first suicidal thoughts in the 8th grade, but it was peaking at this point in my life and my girlfriend didn't want to deal with it and dumped me, in the worst way possible. She told me everything. That she loved me, wanted to be with me forever, and we did a bunch of shit together. I really didn't think we would break up for such a silly reason. She always told me that we couldn't have sex until we graduated because it was "a promise she made to myself in middle school" (???), and 2 weeks after she dumped me, she ended up fucking some random guy. She also decided to unload a beehive of shit onto me, telling everyone at school that I raped her. She treated me like a kid and would text me trying to make small talk and whenever I tried to talk to her seriously she'd ignore me. Eventually, one day, she told me to fuck off and never talk to her again when I asked her if she was telling people I raped her. I actually got several death threats because of this, mostly anonymous. I also did not rape her. 

From this point on is when my life really started to decline. I faced unbearable depression and never left the basement of my house, smoking weed and abusing my prescription ambien, playing guitar, listening to heroin music, crying, and sleeping. My mom took me to therapy but nothing was working and eventually I took a bottle of vodka and a bottle of zoloft to a nearby lake and started taking them. I was going to take all the pills and all the liquor and then drown myself in the lake. However, my dad found me and tossed all the shit into the lake and I got escorted off to a mental hospital where I stayed for 2 weeks. I met lots of odd people in there. I roomed with this schizophrenic kid with a really fucking dumb name that I forget who would pace around in circles speaking in gibberish at four in the morning. I made it out of there and I think I was happy at that point. The nurses made me take lexapro, and even though it wasn't affecting me yet, I had a sort of surge of hope jolt through me after being confined in the hospital. After that came Summer. Things were okay then. I had the very first (and last) real "teen summer" of my life, and things were great. I met a girl who I am still dating around my birthday, and I thought things were cool.

And then, like herpes, my depression resurfaced. This was the beginning of a very, very bad series of events mentally. It was around this time, in July, that I realized something very sinister that would ultimately be the end of my happiness forever. My mom and brother were addicted to oxycodone. The really fucked up thing about this is that whenever my mom would pass out at the dinner table, or whenever she would sit all day in her chair in the living room, she just told me it was "her medicine". I thought that it actually had some benefit to it. She would later admit to me that oxycodone did little to nothing to alleviate her migraines, and probably did little to nothing to alleviate my brother's, too. Nobody ever told me anything. I was raised on the D.A.R.E lion telling me that acid fries your brain and weed makes you dumb, but no one ever told me about pills. I tried so hard to get them off of it. I really did. I tried making deals with my mom and doing things for her and sharing tapering methods and quitting strategies and she just never did it. This addiction completely crippled her. She was a mess of saliva and spilled food, completely stationary on her chair, where she would spit for sometimes days at a time, letting her muscles deteriorate. We went to Hawaii for my parents' 30th anniversary. It was such a beautiful place. It was probably the greatest time of my life and the last significant memory of my mother. 

Ever since the beginning of the school year, life became a blur. I became completely enthused with emptiness and felt nothing, saw nothing, did nothing. I was just a nothing. I know it doesn't make a lot of sense but I can't quite explain it in words. It was just as if I was so depressed, I felt nothing. But I wasn't suicidal. I was just depressed. I knew that there was a chance to turn things around and that one day I'd find a tomorrow that could give me peace. And things were looking up. I got a 27 on the ACT, I was about to pass school with really good grades, even in my AP classes. I was talking to my mom one day, and she told me that we were going to California over the summer. I was so happy when I heard this. I hugged her and told her I loved her and we talked about the previous times we went to California and how much it brought us together.

Two days following this conversation, my mother dropped to the floor and died immediately of sudden cardiac arrest. 

The moment was absolutely devastating. I can't fathom any greater pain than that. It was horrible. She died on the floor in front of me. My dad gave her CPR within 30 seconds of collapse, but she was gone. Just like that. I was talking to her on the phone earlier that day and she sounded just fine. She was walking, talking, breathing, and then boom, she was gone forever in a split second. 

The only thing I am glad about is that the last thing I told her was I loved her. 

You may have guessed how she died. And you're right. It was an oxycodone overdose. I told her time and time again that this was going to happen. I told her that one day she was going to take too much and that she was going to die. She never listened. And I remember on that boat cruising around Hawaii, she asked me why I kept bothering her about this. And I cried, and I told her I didn't want her to die. And she hugged me and told me she'd stop and I thought for a moment that everything was going to be okay.

But there wasn't a happy ending, a satisfying ending, or even a mediocre ending. All my efforts to save her were futile and she was dead before she even turned 50. 

This past month has been a series of panic attacks, crying spells, suicidal thoughts, bottomless thought, and a terrible blend of all the bad emotions: remorse, anger, sadness, everything, all felt at once.

And I've figured something out from all this. 

I've discovered the truth to life. 

After all these years of pondering and thinking, I've finally figured it all out. 

Life is pointless.

I have never mentally digressed into this fallacy before the death of my mother, but it has all come together. Now that I have experienced the absolute worst firsthand I have traversed the vast ocean of depression point to point, picking up pieces of reality along the way, and it all makes sense to me now.

Nothing you do or say or feel will matter in a few generations. No one will ever remember your name. You will disintegrate into the heart of the world but never be one with anything but the void of death. You will never find any answers or fulfillment. Your life consists of cheating the path of time by disengaging your mind from the certainty of death through media and drugs and food, but it is all just delaying the inevitable. You will be dead and gone, forever, for no fathomable reason.

Life is an unchanging illusion. Everything within life is unreal. Love is an illusion. Fear is an illusion. Happiness is an illusion. Our entire spectrum of human emotion and activity is conceived by our race to protect us from the reality of death. To stray away on the path of most resistance - to keep ourselves ignorant of misery.

However, if you die today, still, nothing changes. Whenever I'm talked to about my mother's death, I am always told one thing, no matter who it is that is speaking to me: that everything will be okay. And that doesn't make me hopeful at all. That makes me realize that human life is not sacred and easily forgettable, that no matter how long you live, or what you do, or who you are, your death will just be an obstacle of sadness for the very small few who surround you - it is nothing vital to anyone or anything.

When you die, people will get over you, and no one will care, and you will be dead forever. There is no golden formula for life and no way to know yourself and your surroundings and no way to flourish through time contently and absent of regret.

There is no reason to live. 