Best friend/secret crush set a suicide date, what do I do?Hi! I'm Cassie :-) I've never posted here before, but I want to ask for some help/advice, if that's okay! Any help/feedback/advice/whatever would be greatly appreciated :-)

So, my (28F) best friend S (30M) told me last night he has a suicide date planned for September 30th. I also have a huge crush on him, but I've never told him (long story). Anyway, he's had a very tragic and difficult life, so I kinda understand why he'd want that, but at the same time I don't understand. I don't understand a little bit because he's so talented, smart, funny, charming, handsome, caring, and so on. When he tells me that he has nothing left to give the world, that he resents being human, and that no one loves him, I want to shake him and say "hello! I love you, and you can do anything you want in the world, because you're so great!" I haven't told him any of that yet because I don't know if it would make him feel worse/guilty or better. I don't want to make him any worse, in any way. So many people have taken advantage of him, used him, abandoned him, and treated him like total crap, so I never want to be a person to hurt him.

I asked him, so that I could guess how serious he was, if he had a plan, and he said yeah he was going to go out to his favorite lake on the night of the 30th and die at 2-3 a.m. He said too that he had the "supplies" as he called them to do it. He also said that he's been working the whole summer to finish all of the writing for his second book he's publishing at the end of September. I guess once it's submitted and printed he thinks his life is over. I'd be so devastated if I lost him :-( He's such a gentle and caring person, he's taken care of me, held me, comforted me, so many times. I don't want to lose him. I kinda feel like I'm not worth much to him, though. I don't know. I know he's in so much pain, but selfishly I hope a little bit that he'd see me, open up to me, and love me instead of dying. I know everyone says this about their 'one true love,' but I've honestly never met anyone like him or half as amazing as him before. I just don't understand why he's so so serious about dying. When he told me, he said it with such calmness, it was like he wasn't afraid or doubtful about it at all, which really scares me.

Sorry for the wall of text, but can anyone offer me any advice or insight? I can answer questions, if you have any :-) Thank you so much for reading!