I don't know what to do anymore. I feel forced.I'm a 15 year old student, struggling with everything. My life is a mess, always was, and I don't know how to fix it. I get yelled at for it, I get hit for it, I get called names for it. I don't know who or what did which thing anymore, now my life feels like an incoherent blur to me, and everything is fading for me. All I know about myself is that I'm an actual disappointment to everyone I know. I'm feeling forced to stay alive. My family forces me to stay alive, my friends are being forced out of my life by my family and I feel helpless. My grandmother constantly threatens to take my life away, and I'm waiting for her. She would take any method I would be capable of away from me, and would force me to stay alive even if I tell her no. I feel like I'm in a limbo because of her. I tried to tell my parents about this problem but just said she's old and she's frail, but I know she's capable of causing the most pain in the world. She's threatened me multiple times by pushing me against the wall and putting her hands around my neck and I hardly did anything about it, I just felt numb even as I physically felt it and I just stared. If I told her to do it I'm scared she'll disregard my emotions again. However, she tries to drain me of my emotions, trying to make me "content" like her, which I've tried and failed at. In fact, I've had my other feelings invalidated so much by her, all my breakdowns have been disregarded and called excuses, what can I do anymore? My friends are hopeless and might be situations **worse** than mine and I can't even do anything about it anymore. I don't know what to do, I feel like I should ignore and avoid my pain but when I do it only gets worse when I try to. I feel like I'm running out of choices, I'm being forced to stay for college. I really wish I can get out soon. It hurts, I want a break from it to never think about it again. I don't think it's a pain that should be experiencing as I grow up, because I've been experiencing this for most of my life already. I was burdened with everything I had even when I was a very young child, I just never knew until a few years ago.