I'm lost... and i need to vent...hi, I'm 29. I don't feel Human though I know that i'm a human being, I feel unworthy, undeserving, inadequate like a troll under the bridge, I hate myself, I know what I am and because of this i cannot find love for myself, I'm damaged beyond repair. I don't belong here, in this society, with all the bullshit. I'm seeking therapy to "get better" but what is "getting better" when it entails operating in society to achieve meaningless goals. Houses and cars, stupid trinkets and all the rest of the materialist wants that are essentially the goals that drive most societal members to operate the way they do. Wouldn't I be lying to myself if I just submitted to conforming to the petty way of life in this bullshit first world purchasing fest that is now the definition of society. I've lost all desires for the material world, I've had lot's of money and bought what I wanted, none of it brought me happiness. What brings me true happiness has been my spiritual values, I will not call them beliefs, because believe or beliefs has a lie in the middle. Even though I am spiritual, my spiritual values are not valid in this society because they sound absurd or out of touch with reality, yet they give me relief in the thought of ending my life. I guess when I say I don't feel Human, what i'm really saying is that I cannot identify with my Human counterparts because I'm not like them so therefore I cannot relate to them in order to form meaningful relationships. I feel like the true aspects that make humans human have been lost or forgotten. I figure if I'm not willing to conform and become a "responsible member of society", I might as well end my life, and let my spirit fly. It just feels right, I will no longer be a burden to society or others, and I'll be free. I know it sounds selfish and it would hurt my family, but isn't it also selfish on there part to want me to just keep going in the mental anguish that i endure just for their mental comfort. Some would say it is cowardly to take ones own life but what does it matter, no one hates or condemns me as much I hate or condemn myself, and when I'm gone, it won't be my worry, in a thousand years, my memory will not matter.