What's the point?We're all running around in perpetuity... Why? To get to the top, only to fall back down; cast from the mountain top by whatever our pursuit is. So, what's the point? 

As an individual, I feel to be nothing more than a cog in the machine - It's cliché, I know, but in my case it feels like I'm being torn every which way; By people who require me, by those using me and by those who have nobody else. I've become the modern day equivalent of a sin-eater, both for those who are a part of an online venture (which I explored with a friend), and for those around me physically - And when the going gets tough, they evaporate. 

I've only just turned twenty, and to say I hadn't thought of suicide would be a blatant lie - Instead, it elicits a gravitational pull. There'll be days when I'm fine, and those where I crack (quite literally) at the seams - I cannot think back to a day where there wasn't a constant fog, only when it was less of a struggle to think clearly.

Originally, I used, or at least broached, the subject of suicide as a cry for help - Only my mother cared, and only when it got to the point where I just collapsed next to her and let my woes stream. Did things get better? Slightly, but I was dismissed by GPs who saw nothing wrong - To the point where they just wanted to pry me open verbally. I gave it a shot. I hated it, and that was the end of that - But don't worry, there'd be a follow up! Oh... Wait, nope - I was left alone to fester, and fester I did. 

Every day, or at the very least every week, I'd write a suicide letter - Every time I'd delete it, or archive it. Not because I didn't want to commit suicide, but because the letter never sat right - It went from a page, to eight pages and back again. It answered questions, and then it didn't. It gave instructions, and then it didn't. And all that time I could only think of everyone's reaction - But who would care? So I made it concise and succinct - "I'm sorry", but it still wasn't good enough. 

At this point, I threw myself into college work, other people's problems and head first into any challenge that presented itself; I was a bull in a china shop. I ran for a local councillor seat, I walked away with top marks in classes and I met someone. We dated for exactly one year, two months - I helped him get the help he needed, and helped him stop self-harming. But in the end, he threw the towel in on a whim - Perhaps I have a different view, or perhaps I'm just cynical, but I feel it was simply because I'd served the purpose required at the time. The feeling towards this got stronger towards the end; as a nunce, and to remain preoccupied, I not only wrote my own assignments from scratch, but his too.

Fast forward past that, I've essentially hit a brick wall. I've gone back to the point where there's always that little voice, dwelling on whether just one more day is worth it - If anything, it's most comparable to death by a thousand cuts. I've not got anymore work to do, which is intellectually stimulating. I don't have a love interest, nor have I pursued anyone for over a year now and when I do they're simply so... Boring, dull or far away. 

But the final cut, so to speak, is the fact that I hold qualifications in Engineering and ICT - And yet, I'm stuck in a retail position whilst I get my bearings which I fear I'll never get. Purely down to the fact that I'm struggling to see what's next, and what the actual point in fighting anymore is - Why continually fight an uphill struggle? Especially one which is hard-fought, only to find that you've hit a plateau; not the top of the hill. 

It just seems that, inevitably, I'll just end up being another statistic on the page - One which was ignored when they gave a cry for help, and one which had X years but didn't want them. The question isn't why for me, but rather when - Which is, in itself, depressing.  

And that's a wrap; my rant, so to speak, about everything but nothing - Because, what's the point? 