The importance of human interaction - I feel completely lost.*First of all, I apologize for my English. I'm not a native speaker and my language skills have been getting somewhat rusty.* 

I used to be a straight A student. That was one of the main things my parents were proud of. I barely had any real worries or anxieties and had a pretty nice group of friends around me. I went to gym frequently and followed a decent diet. I had a real passion for life, I had tons of hobbies and things that got me really excited. To put it shortly, my life wasn't perfect by any means, but I was pretty well-off. 

I was always aware of my lisp and so were the people around me. My speech sounded a little slushy sometimes, but it didn't seem to bother other people that much. I had to repeat sentences and words here and there and I got bullied because of it every so often. Now that I look back, I can clearly see that I favored words that didn't have any alveolar consonants (/s/ /sh/ /ch/ sounds) in them. I always hated speaking in front of a large crowd(especially in a foreign language, haha) because of my little speech defect and it surely lowered my self-esteem.

About eight months ago I got an idea to start fixing my lisp. Around that time we had a lot of classes online in order to avoid the spread of the corona virus. Those classes gave me so much anxiety because the only thing that people received was my voice, and oh god was that awful. My voice mutation was at it's all time high and I had voice cracks repeatedly. Others laughed and some didn't even understand what I was talking about. I felt so bad and some weeks later I got fed up with it and booked an appointment with a speech pathologist.  

Everything went well and I got clear instructions to start working fixing my small little lisp. I felt that it was a step in the right direction. I put my heart into fixing my speech (that barely bothered anyone) and practiced really hard. I went days only using my s-sound and some people noted that it sounded kind of strange. I didn't really care - so did the sound that I used before but they had just gotten used to it, I remember thinking. Somewhere along the way I noticed that people actually didn't understand me that well (even though I saw them trying really, really hard). I also felt super uncomfortable speaking with the new sound. I didn't want to speak that much because every time I spoke my speech felt so obnoxious and forced.  

Fast forward couple months and a couple more visits to the speech pathologist. I seemed to be doing pretty great on paper. The speech pathologist said that I had acquired the new sound pretty well and I didn't visit her anymore, but the new sound still felt so unnatural and excruciating for me to make. I had stopped telling stories and almost chatting altogether with my friends and relatives. I didn't want to give up and go back to speaking the old way - it felt like giving up on something really important. Also when I used the old speech pattern, I now noticed the lisping myself when I talked. And it, too, felt so uncomfortable that I didn't want to do that neither.

Now, some months later, I can't even pronounce the old sound anymore and the new one still feels so uncomfortable that I can't use it. I feel hopeless, because no-one can really understand me when I talk more than a couple of words. I have started feeling emotions that I have never felt before and I've been reflecting on suicide and self-harm a lot. I often feel anxious now. I haven't done well in school lately and just skipped or slept during the classes. I have myriads of projects I should have returned and everything in my life seems so overwhelming. My human relationships are pretty much none existent at this point and I just sit around the city  doing nothing all day other than think about how bad I have gotten. I feel that I have lost the most valuable thing in my life - human communication. As an extrovert, I feel like life's not worth living when I can't seem to bond with other fellow human beings in any meaningful or real way. Everything I've ever been keen about has been linked to human language one way or another, from investing to linguistics. I have wanted to study linguistics and theology for so long, but I don't think that will be possible when I can't even speak my own mother tongue correctly. Nowadays I barely sleep or eat and I've been losing a lot of weight.

My whole life feels just pointless right now, I am deeply depressed and see no way forward. I've lost all the passion that I used to have for normal, every day life.