don't like that i'm doing thisit's been a long time since i've posted somewhere like this. i hate doing it because i hate having things like this indelibly written somewhere on the internet. especially when what i should be doing is telling my therapist and being honest with the people in my life closest to me. but i'm here because these are things that i can't say to them, at least not yet, but i still have to say them somewhere. 

it's hard for me to say that i'm suicidal. i feel like it's something i should never, ever admit to. i hate doing it even here, because i'm paranoid that someone will somehow figure out who i am. i don't want anyone in my life to know a lot of these things about me. i feel strong urges to hurt or kill myself most of the time that i'm awake. i have intrusive thoughts that tell me to kill myself all of the time. they threaten and belittle me constantly. they're not voices or hallucinations, it feels like a part of my mind just wants me to die, and it's only become louder as time has gone on. i don't like going to sleep because i relive trauma repeatedly when i close my eyes. i see violent things happening to me, sometimes freak accidents, or hurting myself, or people in my life hurting me. when i try to sleep, i see people i know and love mercilessly beating or stabbing me to death. i don't understand it. 

it's hard for me to talk to people most of the time. i have a few close friends i'm comfortable with, but whenever i'm in a group of people or trying to make small talk with strangers i feel so clumsy and strange. i often feel like i'm imitating or performing as a real person. like everything i am is a facade i've crafted to convince others that i'm a person and beyond that i am vacuous and false. even when i'm around the people i love most some part of me feels othered even though i'm surrounded by incredibly accepting, kind, and supportive people. i have no reason to not trust them. 

maybe i like feeling this way if i haven't changed by now. i've been through years of therapy, i've been to rehab and have tried medication. i've done well in recovering from some things in the past, and i do think that has value. but i have been relapsing into a variety of old habits and i'm disappointed in myself. i feel like the work i've done hasn't made a difference. opening up to strangers over and over again about things that i never want to talk about in an attempt to make myself better and get help doesn't feel like it was ever worth it. i hate that there are as many people as there are walking around their lives knowing the things they do about me. most of the therapists i've seen haven't been great for me anyway, and knowing that they know certain things about me makes me feel like a fucking idiot for ever talking about any of this at all. 

i feel like i should have ended myself years ago. like sticking around was a total mistake, because things have changed, but they haven't gotten better. i don't know how to change anymore, and i don't know how to be better. i don't know what i'm looking for by posting this. thanks for reading anyway.