I spent a week in the hospital, and it didn't really helpif anything, i feel worse

it's been a hell of a week. after running away from home for several hours (literally on the run. i guess normally you would leave at a time when you wouldn't be noticed but i ran the hell away right in front of them) with the desire to kill myself, i came back home to find a bunch of police at my house. they took me to a psychiatric hospital about 2 hours away from home. the people there were nice but they all had different types of problems than i did (depressed and suicidal because of drug use/parents/bullying). also the treatment there didnt really help... how does isolating you from your situation help you deal with it? the groups lasted for like 10 mins and consisted of them asking the same questions and not even looking at us bc they were scribbling down our answers. i just started saying 'happy' every time they asked me my mood because in there i didn't really feel anything at all. 

i didnt really cry or connect with anyone until the very last day i was in there when people were talking about what lead to them being brought there and the guy in front of me was being prompted by the staff member: 'so why were you suspended?' 'because i messed around on the bus' 'then what, what brought you here?' 'and then i tried to kill myself' and then i just broke as everyone else talked. didn't help that beyonce's 'i was here' was playing.

i didnt really like it there in the beginning so i told my parents that and they tried to get me out. but then when i started to get used being there, i realized i would be fine staying there for a couple more days but my parents were successful in getting me out (left on monday, supposed to have left on wednesday). i guess i shouldve stayed there a few more days 

because i think im going to kill myself soon. because everything difficult gives me the urge to kill myself now more than ever. everything that used to motivate me kills me. i visualize myself jumping off buildings or i look up at the sky and yearn to be high above the world, dropping back down to earth