Please hold into me just a little bit longerI’m 19 turning 20 this May. I tried to commit suicide when I was 16 and the second one was a few months ago. Firstly, i’m sorry if my English is not good. It is not my first language. I wanted to tell my mom and my aunt (who lives with us) about my anxiety and depression. I remember while we were having dinner, the news was about teens having depression and so on. My aunt went saying “it’s because they aren’t close to God that’s why they’re suffering like that.” My mom then added that it’s something that teens only invented. I wasn’t able to speak up.

God knows, every night before I go to bed I pray for me to get better. I cry myself up asking him for help and strength and when I was about to ask them from my family, they judged before I could even tell my story. Then a few weeks back, I finally told them. I thought they’ll change their thoughts about it but sadly they didn’t. I started to be secluded from my family. Only my older sister is the one who kept talking to me. They usually have plans to go out, I wouldn’t even know about it except when my sis talks to me about it. They’ll ask me why I eat less as if I haven’t told them about what I am feeling.

And my mom, I don’t really get her too at all. One moment she’s cursing me out, calling me names, shouting at me or hitting me with a short pole. Next moment, she’s all good as if she haven’t done those things to me. I’ve had my dreams and now it’s nowhere. In a few days, i’ll be going back to school and I am anxious as hell on how will I cope along with everybody. 

I also remember my aunt bringing me to church and asked the father to bless me saying ‘I’ve had a bad spirit on me or the devil’s cursing on me’ because of my mental state. I’ve never been more broken when I saw how they reacted and treated me after telling them the truth. They said they’ll always be there for me and listen to my problems and feelings without any judgements. I doubt that now. I just want them to at least be there when I need someone to talk to. 

I want to be better but these past days, their treatment became worse as if they’re giving up on me. I really am trying to be better. It might take a really long time but please just hold on for a little longer. I am trying, I swear. I just wanted a little more help from them to make me feel not alone. I never knew, my mother, my very own mother would have treated me worse just because of my state.

Thank you for reading, I hope everyone’s having a great day. We might be on the darkest times right now but stars and moons shines when it’s the darkest. I’d like to see the beauty that this darkness holds more. And I do hope so that you will too.