No theatrics, just need your opinion.Hello.

My name is Steve, and I'm probably not going to kill myself now.  I am also probably not going to kill myself tonight, or tomorrow, or at least until I decide I've had enough, which is probably fairly soon.

I am not one for theatrics.  I don't like to complain and I personally can't stand sob stories from people about how terrible their perfect life is.  I know this is hypocritical as what I'm about to write is basically exactly that.

I am, for some strange reason, I'm running out of fucks.  I just cant seem to muster a single fuck about anything in my life.  I have several hobbies but unfortunately I can't seem to derive an ounce of pleasure from any one of them.  I will spend thousands of dollars of money I don't have trying to make myself happy with things I know full well will make me unhappy for having spent the money on.  Still, the fucks I had to give about either having the items, or caring about the spent money are nowhere to be found.

I am in a long-distance relationship, one that was a short-distance relationship, but she moved 3000 miles away with relatively short notice.  I have been saving my money to get out there and applying for jobs, but so far, 7 months in, I have completely lost steam.  I want to want to find a job, but I find I don't have a fuck to give about that either, and I am quickly hemorrhaging the fucks I have to give about the relationship as well.

I am obese, and I eat my emotions.  This is quite stupid of me.  I understand exactly what I am doing as I am eating the foods I do, but again, the fucks I would have given about this situation are not present.

Recently, I have begun holing myself up in my room after work for the entire night until I have to work again.  All I do in here is drink and browse Reddit.  I should exercise, I should search for a job, I should get outside or hang out with friends, but unfortunately my fuck budget is rather constricted at the moment.

Currently, I am quickly running out of fucks to give in general.  The thought of suicide has crossed my mind several times, though recently it is changed from something that was ridiculous to think about to something that is somewhat more of an option.  I found a fuck to give about that.  I don't want to lose this fuck.  This fuck is the only thing I really have going for me at this point and I need to get some more fucks together before I end up doing it.

Someone, please give me something constructive to do that will fix my lack of fucks.  Someone please show me where I can find some motivation to do things I used to want to do.  Someone please help.

I want to re-iterate, I do not feel the need to kill myself now, but I can see where I'm headed and I don't like it, but I just don't know what to do to get back to where the thought becomes ridiculous again.
