I'm not really sure what to do anymoreI've been fighting my entire life and its going no where. I'm 21 now and yet it feels nothing has ever got better, and if it has it was ony temporary. 

I grew up with an abusive grandmother and I developed severe anxiety and very bad ocd centered around avoiding all things her, all things from my home state. Its insane and I just can't shake it and I quite literally have no one to support me.

I stopped living with my grandmother when I was like 25 but my ocd would only ever temporarily subside because my stress would lessen. All I've learned though thia all is that I'm basically an unwanted obstacle for everyone. 

I moved in with my friend and her mom, I just caused problems with my problems and I just never did enough for them. 

And then I moved in with my boyfriend 2 years ago and out relationship is completely broken now. I can't even say I have him. My life is completely broken and I have nothing I can do anymore. He wants to break up and completely disrespects me because all I've done is cause problems with my trauma and all that but I literally have no where to go. I don't have any where to go or anyone I can even turn to. Even me trying to better myself when I have the rare motivation to doesn't really mean anything to him because I "bring it up at the wrong time" or something I just can't do this anymore I convince him to stay because I deep down want to fix things and I dont want to let my stupid issues ruin the relationship but I just can't do it

I'm completely lost and I just want it to end but I dont have it in me to kill myself because I'm afraid of failing and just making things worse or of having physical pain on top of my already cascading mental pain.

I just don't want to try anymore, if I could start over somewhere else I would but I can't even afford to move on my own and I dont even know where I would go

I know getting therapy and that would probably help but I just don't even want to go on after all this time suffering I just feel numb and I just want it all to be over