I don't want to feel alone and brokenhearted anymore. I want to slip away.I'm good person, never hated anyone, never got into a fight, I have many friends, I'm tiny bit weird, I have survived horrible divorce of my parents that happened three years ago and I Believe I have been brought up right and well taught. 

Never believed I'd write here. Testimony of my failure.

I'm not ugly, I'm perhaps overweight or fat but I try to battle it and I'm slowly losing weight. 

I see my friends having teenage loves, first kisses, first sex, regular partners, life parents, sex partners. I'm the odd one out. I crave it. But I crave it with someone meaningful.

Since my childhood I have fallen in love with one girl who also helped me to get through family divorce, it took me three years to get over her. Now I'm 19 years old. I started doing Tinder about year ago. I had couple offers for sex but deeply inside I have craved something more meaningful, to share these moments with someone I love.

I got rejected once, befriended some, I rejected two girls because I didn't want to have just sex with them but last two months were dreading. It makes my heart bleed.

Two months ago I have met this one girl on Tinder, we had one coffee date and i didn't think much of it because next day she left to study in Spain. (but she was supposed to come back in a month.) But through that entire month we were texting to each other and occasionally talking on the phone.

It was nice, but I couldn't believe girl like her could like someone like me (she's completely out of my league). So I wasn't looking for someone but when I made a trip with one of my friend he decided to tag along one of his female friends. We had chemistry, talked to 4am, shared our darkest secrets, future plans. For the first time in my life I felt like girl could love me. It turns out that she has a boyfriend for past five years that she's unhappy with him and it's borderline abusive, cheated on each other multiple times. Yet she loves him and even though she feels something for me she is not able to leave him. So I start to fall apart, but I at least accept her friendship and

before I could start feeling bad and understand what's happening the girl from Spain came back and we have met. She filled every single void that there was. She filled it with more and more. I thought I couldn't be more happier even though I honestly was aware that it was for borrowed time. On the first date I held her, she fell asleep in my lap, we kissed. It was beautiful. We then go again on a movie date and we have fun. Day after it's great. Day after that she starts to get weird three days later after we have seen each other she messages me 

&gt; I have to tell you something and I don't  know how to say this, but I'm afraid of what is between us because right know im unable to go into relationship or something like that. Before I have left to Spain I have been through hard breakup and when I came back I have found out that some things are not sorted out. I don't want to be unfair towards you. What I want to say that I want to message with you and spend time with you but I just don't want you to think I can give you something more.

I want to cry and die. Nothing is helping I have slept over this and it got worse significantly. I'm checking every five minutes if she will log back in. I can only think of how I can't lose her. It's tearing me apart.

Im now looking for a ways to escape this. I don't. I can't feel like this no more. I have decided to give her my heart and it got tossed away again.

I want to just disappear without hurting anyone but at the end of the day should I care when I won't be here? I can't feel like that anymore.

Love? Is this how it feels?