Just writing about my lifeAt this point, I know most generic responses. I’ll make it through, don’t give up, you’re worth it.

Problem is I don’t feel that. Now truth be told I’m an asshole. I wish I could change that for my loved ones but so many people have no patience for me anymore and I feel like I’ve burned all my bridges.

I’ve been diagnosed with ADHD, OCD, ODD, depression, chronic anxiety, high functioning sociopath. Years ago I dropped my meds and haven’t touched them, I have no plans to again. They turned me into a heroin addict and a coke addict. That part of my life still haunts me. The things I did, the people I hurt both mentally and physically. 

Coming from always being the kid that was blamed for school mishaps and the such, I never had much self respect. Still I believe that I can’t no any worse than I’ve done, sure I’ve burned people, hurt then. But ... they aren’t me. Generic but true, no one knows me. I limit myself to one true friend, my best friend. Currently I’m trying to maintain a relationship with this wonderful girl but she has all but lost hope for this relationship, I can’t seem to get it right. Sure I love her and protect her against anything but when I’m the one she needs to be protected from, well that’s not a good feeling.

Years now I’ve been contemplating ending my life, I’ve sat, I’ve thought and I’ve talked about it all, how I would do it, things I’d leave behind, people I’d loose. Maybe just maybe I’m a cynical person but I don’t believe in god or anything of the such, when I die, that’s it, I’m dead. I won’t have to deal with pain, sure I’ll hurt people but what do I care? I’m dead. That’s sure a grim outlook on my life.

And the worst part of all of this is, I’m self aware of my mistakes, but I can’t seem to allow myself to fix this shitty person I am. And here I am again. Thinking. I feel less pain than I ever have. Sure I’ve cut myself, and I did it just a few minutes ago, I stick needles in myself, I electrocuted myself a few times... in hopes something would change.

The demons I face in myself are self conquering,  fighting against all odds and trying my dearest to make this girl happy. Tonight I yelled at her because she put words in my mouth I never said and even when I calmly explained that she wouldn’t listen. Seems to always be the case with my outbursts. 

I spend 8 years in anger management for this. I spent 16 years of my life seeing therapists about my “problems” and nothing has worked. It made me more self aware. That allowed me to hate myself, it’s a consonant down spiral of mishaps and misshapen futures I hold in an open hand. Allowing everything to slip away.

Sure I cut myself, cliché, I know. I’ve attempted hanging myself and the rope/belt/rubber hose broke. Maybe it wasn’t my time.... clearly I don’t believe that because here I am, writing this. Depressed as ever, as all my relationships crumble, as I turn my face away from everyone. Bleeding pain away.

In my heart of hearts I know one day I’ll finish what I started. Being as big of a disappointment to myself as I feel in this moment, and many that have come before, I’ve willingly given my all to this relationship. I’ve stood by my mother who was abused, but other peoples problems aren’t hard for me to mentally handle. It’s me. 

Comment if you want. I just wanted to write this, maybe for a life lesson, maybe as something I’d leave behind. I haven’t decided yet.