“No man is a failure who has friends” -It’s a Wonderful LifeHi, I think my time has come. I’ve felt pain year after year, but it’s never from the same thing, it’s always different. It’s like god wanted me to feel every different type of pain. My life isn’t that bad right now, but there’s one key part that makes me want to end it all. That quote from the top is the only reason I’ve been alive for the past 3-4ish years. I mean I never told my friends my problems, but talking to them, talking to people always made me want to live. The problem was that I never got emotional with my friends and one by one they all faded away. Could be me pushing them away due to my lack of trust, naturally drifting apart, or they just were going somewhere else. And now because of mainly my actions, I have no friends. 3-4ish years ago I wanted to kill myself, I was going to, but I wasn’t in a good position to do that, so I waited till I could. Then I saw it’s a wonderful life and my perspective changed. I still wanted to kill myself, but I never did because I had friends. Now I have no friends, so all I can think of is that my time has come. It’s time for me to die. I’ve had a plan just in case I ever wanted to. I hid a bunch of pain killers in my room, but there’s more to my plan. When it’s 2am I’m going to grab the pills, water, and a backpack and sneak out of my room. Then I’ll go to the garage and get a razor. I don’t really wanna die in a garage, so I plan on running 5 miles just to go to a park. Once I’m there I’ll take the pills, sit down on a bench looking over the lake, take my shirt off to bite down on it, and cut myself. It seems like pure bliss, peace after all my torment. I plan on doing it tonight, but I’m fearful of what happens after death. Not because of the people around me, but because what if heaven and hell are real. Would I be sentenced to eternal damnation. That’s what I fear. But I know it’s time, I’ve been thinking about it all week. I just needed to write it down, so I’d know that it’s actually happening.
Goodbye