How do you deal with loneliness when there's no real way out of it currently?EDIT: Please help.. im at my wit's end here

I'll preface this by saying that I do have friends. They are all online friends and I care about them very much. I also have had girlfriends in the past, one of which lasted with me for over 2 years. My relationships were also online. The romantic relationships I've had are all gone now.

I'm a sheltered person who has severe anxiety over driving, and thus I don't have transportation currently. I feel like a really attractive person and have been told that I am, but I still feel very undesirable for some reason. I really want emotional closeness and love again. Believe me when I say I've never had love from my family. I don't want to talk about that much, but it's not a "they love you deep down" kinda situation like most people say in reassuring a suicidal person.

I want emotional and physical love, not even in a creepy "anyone-will-do" kind of way. I want it to be with someone very special, but I feel as if I won't find that someone special. It's my biggest life goal right now. To achieve a real, multi-layered relationship with someone and have it last preferably for the rest of my life. I just haven't really had much love in my life, so it's all I think about.

I just feel so utterly alone. I came out of my 2 year relationship right as a ton of other shit hit the fan in my life. I give a lot of my love to people, but it feels like I don't get any back. 

And as I said, I'm really attractive (not saying out of an insecurity and thus need to brag, just sort of trying to say that outer appearance isn't a cause of my want to die or anything like that). So I do attract girls, but they're very regularly the wrong kind of girls. People who just want me because I'm attractive. I want someone who wants a connection with me on multiple levels. Not just sexual, but emotional, too. It's what's missing from my life (well a lot of things are missing from my life, but it's what I feel would help get my mind off wanting to die. Sort of wanting a chance to look toward the future instead of looking toward a grave, I guess?)

Sorry if this is incoherent. Just been really lonely and it feels like there's no real way to push my way out of it. Probably sounds shallow to want to kill myself over loneliness, but there's a lot of abuse stuff I don't want to get into right now...