VentingThrow away and on mobile.
I get that to some people I may sound like a whinny brat, but really I just need to vent, and just know that someone out there is listening to me because no one near me does.

I honestly don’t know what to do anymore. I (18F) feel like my life has zero meaning to it, and I have for a long time. The oldest I’ve ever though I’ll make it to is 20-30. But I’m just going to vent because all these problems have been weighing on me for about 3 months to a year.

I feel like I’m being abandoned by my friends. I understand that everyone is busy. But I hate the fact that if I want to talk to someone, I have to engage first, and even then it’s mostly me taking to myself. Or if I ask if they want to hope online to play some games “no not tonight” “I don’t feel like it” “maybe some other time.” The time to be together while we’re apart never comes. I feel so lonely. This has been happening even before COVID. I’ve been stuck in my room since my province went into lockdown and I’ve never felt this low in my life. I just wish I could talk to my friends like we did before, but because of the way their acting now, it makes me question if we were even friends to begin with. I have these feeling I never felt before, the feeling of being used, and just annoying. I feel like they used me because I worked and had a car, and that they hated me because how annoying I can be. I though we were all happy. Maybe we weren’t. I’m not good at making friends, I don’t like talking and am really self-conscious, so I’m terrified to be *going* to college in the fall. 

Plus ultimate feeling of being unloved and unlovable. In grade 8, I asked out one of the guys in my group of 4 (He’s gonna be A) he declined. This isn’t the first time he’s declined either. Instead he asked out the only other female in my group, B. They’ve been together since and I’m happy for them. I then developed feelings for C, and asked him out in January, and he never gave me an answer. It’s honestly tore me apart because every. Single. One. Of the people I like (bi here) day they don’t think of me. My brother told me to get over it, and that I’ll find someone eventually. And while that’s most likely true, I believe that I’m just an ugly, fat person that can’t be loved. No one wants to love me. Why would they. I’m a mess. Physically and emotionally. Bully in my life hasn’t really helped me either. Said above, I’m at overweight. And you can guess what I’ve been bullied for. I hate it. I hate myself. To put it bluntly, I’ve considered eating disorders, but I know that isn’t good so I avoided it. I’ve tried working out, but I’m to anxious to do so, I think everyone is staring, that they are laughing, talking about the fat kid in the corner of the gym struggling to lift a 20lb weight and can’t even do bicep curls properly. I have attempted suicide once, but I basically stopped myself. (would rather not talk about it) With everything happening I feel like I’m going to try again. 

This is basically a very, very, very watered down version of everything happening. There’s soooo much more that I’m not comfortable sharing publicly, and that’s more of the deeper stuff, this is pretty light hearted in my eyes. If this gets lost, that’s ok. Others on this subreddit need the support more than I do.