I hate myself for everything I am and everything I can't be.I'm replaceable, right? Anything I can do, someone else is in my friends' lives doing it better. I'm lied to, LIED to about what a good person I supposedly am, while my former fiancee went out with another chap behind my back while we were still together. I think my friends might someday do the same. There are alternatives to me. I'm nothing. Broken, scared, fucking moronic. I don't sleep right and I'm always terrified. Even when I tell jokes and smile, I keep hearing this voice in my head that tells me what a useless piece of shit I am, how even if I do get back into university this year I'll fuck it up anyway. 

Sorry. For context, I have PTSD and chronic depression. Shit my dad did to me as a kid sticks in my mind. There are friends in my life, wonderful friends across the sea whom I met online, who have done amazing things to try and help me. Still, I believe that the longer they stay with me, the longer they try to help, the more I'm scared that there'll be seeds of contempt sown.

I'm scared because my fiancee lied to me. She was never in love with me. She was in love with the man she thought I'd become, and when I asked "but what if I can't get better?" she never accepted it as an option. That's clearly what led to the issue with her seeing someone else. I knew it was happening. I called her out on it a few times. Maybe I was just happy that she'd found happiness herself. 

That's the thing. I am dispensable. I am flawed and weak and there are thousands of people to fill my shoes. There are people who'd be better friends than me, people who'd be better sons and brothers, people who'd be better boyfriends. 

It's weird. I felt so positive until today. Something kind of snapped. Yeah, my lease expires in a month, but I'm searching for other places. Yes, I'm unemployed, but I'm reapplying for university. All of this is so...fucked up and sudden. Why am I suddenly scared of my friends? Why is there this sudden rush of self-hate that makes me want to throw myself in front of a bus? I could get onto the building roof, perhaps. Throw myself off. I've been caught or pussied out before, but maybe this time will be different. All the while, I hate myself and question WHY. What the fuck is wrong with this fucking morass in my skull? Why can't I be happy? Why can't I stop being jealous and terrified and angry? WHY?