Getting to that pointI’m just a young boy in High School struggling to get by.  I get bullied and messed with a lot because I’m the perfect target.  I’m physically weak and not a social butterfly.  I have controversial opinions that I don’t like to share but kids get them out of me and then once they get an idea they spread rumors and people humiliate me.  I get beat up so much everyday I get a new bruise and every month a new scar.  At this point pain doesn’t even faze me and when a once in a while nice person tries to pat me on the back like “good job” or they offer me a high five I flinch so hard they always ask if I’m ok.  

To make matters worse my family is going through hard times right now and I get yelled at for getting a B on a test I tried so hard on or getting yelled at for nothing I did wrong.  My teachers are awful and I have to work so hard to not get yelled at by my parents.  

I noticed a year ago I’ve gotten these suicidal thoughts that it would  be so easy to end it but I chose not to because I was afraid I’d make others sad especially my family.  If I didn’t have a family in one moment I probably would have ended it and no one would care.  Recently they came back and I would ask the one close friend I have for help but I would feel too uncomfortable doing that.  My parents would just wonder why such a “happy” kid like me who has “everything” would be questioning suicide.  I asked for pleas on the internet so I could be anonymous and so far I’ve asked everyone but here and people just look at my profile and judge me because my profile reflects my opinions.  (This is a throwaway account).   I’ve gotten to a point where there is so little happiness in my life that one day one of my friends let out a little smile at me and it made me literally dodge a bullet.  All day I just try to spread happiness, I hand out candies all the time, try to share little jokes, and just compliment people and I try so hard to make others happy and I guess life isn’t fair because when I’m on the verge of suicide no one in real life cares and they just say a white man like me has no business being suicidal.  I don’t want to point fingers, I just want to be happy and have a nice friend.  Thank you to anyone who helps me.  

Note: I’m pretty stable right now so if there is someone who isn’t please help them first.   Also I didn’t proof read this so if there is a grammar issue you can ask what I meant to say.