I am giving up on myself!Yep! I'm done trying. 

I tried today to make a therapy appointment. The soonest they could see me is at the very end of December. My insurance changes on Jan 1 anyway. So at this point if I wanted to get therapy, I'd probably be looking at March. But I'm not looking into therapy anymore because it's not worth it and neither am I! I've been before and it helped a little but I always fall back into the obsessive, self-hating thoughts. 

I honestly believe that my brain is just broken. I self harm a lot by banging my head on the wall/table/etc., or just use blunt objects (staplers, my phone, a heavy book, even a fucking hammer once) so maybe I did do some irreversible damage one of those times. As more time passes, the more I come to loathe myself and punish myself for merely existing because I hate myself that much.

I don't know what my problem is and at this point, it doesn't matter. I don't matter. I'm easily replaceable. No one wants or needs me around. I'm fat, ugly, lazy, and just undesirable in general. I never went to prom or anything in high school and didn't even have my first kiss or lose my virginity until I was 21 - and even then it was only because I was on Tinder. No one sees me in real life and thinks "wow, she's pretty." I don't even think people see me at all sometimes. Years ago I was a person and had a personality, but today at 27 I'm more of an empty husk. 

Everything bad that happens to me is a result of my bad choices. Lately I've been making bad decisions on purpose because I don't deserve happiness. (One example: I stayed the night at a friend's house, and the next morning she wanted me to talk about the issues I'm having, so when morning rolled around I got dressed and left super quickly, even though I wanted to stay and my friend wanted me to stay.)

I think I probably am going to just keep making bad choices. I give up on me and the people around me should give up on me, too. I'm trying to think of ways I can get the people I know to absolutely hate my guts, because I do not deserve happiness, their friendship or time, etc. Honestly, the only reason I haven't killed myself is my mom would be sad, but I'm sure I can make her hate me too.

There's clearly a lot wrong with me. And none of it can be fixed anymore. I am never going to get better, and honestly I don't deserve it at this point. Why bother?