Suicidal ideation but not depressed - normal?(I literally just posted this over in /depression, so please delete if x-posting isn't allowed)

I'm sure this has been answered a million times, but I can't find an answer that fits my specific situation, so wanted to ask myself. 

I think about suicide a lot. At least once a day but probably more, and it isn't a fleeting though; I dwell on it. Recently my favorite band lost its lead singer to suicide and when I found out the method, the first thing that came into my head was "yeah, this is how I'd do it too." Yesterday I was driving down the road and couldn't really shake the idea of "yeah, I could totally just slam my car into this highway median going 90mph," and almost felt a physical tension as my conscious mind restrained my arm from turning the wheel.

That being said, I'm not actively suicidal in that I don't want to die, and while I was diagnosed with depression ten years ago when I was a Peace Corps volunteer, it was largely considered a malpractice diagnosis and was situational at best.  I am 100% not going to go home tonight and attempt suicide.  The thought about "what if" basically never leaves my mind, though.

I don't mind being alive, and I have fun with the people I love, do the things I'm interested in doing, have an amazing family who loves me, etc. A lot of the time I feel happy.  I like a lot of aspects of my life. I just get really tired sometimes (a lot), everything seems like a hassle to a degree, and in areas of my life professionally especially, I feel like I'm always coasting on mediocre and feel like I'll always be mediocre / kind of lost in what I'm doing (and if someone feels otherwise and that I'm doing really well, it's because somehow I pulled the wool over their eyes). I can't concentrate on ANYTHING.   It takes a lot to get me out of the house to do social things, but once I do, I enjoy myself a lot, and I travel a lot. Life simultaneously seems like it's flying by and like it's creeping along.  None of my feelings align with what I understand depression to be, though. 

Is this normal? Is this something I should be worried about? I'm having a hard time even verbalizing this in a way that I feel like makes sense.