Today, I saw Pluto. My biggest bucket list item was to watch the events live as it happened. I screwed myself in the A big time and ruined it. Regardless, I can now die.Honestly, there's quite a bit more to this. Long rambling ahead.

**Tl;dr** I smashed mom's phone and cause a butterfly effect that, combined with local storms that struck my house, made me botch my watching of a historic space encounter. But it satisfied a personal self-pact anyway and now I'm ready to die.

In high school, my favorite planet changed from Mars to Pluto after learning Astrology and about Pluto's influences in my chart. It felt like my spiritual homeworld, in a sense. Even back then, I suffered from depression, anxiety, suicidal tendencies, the whole bit. I made a pact with myself to at least see NASA send a probe there before offing myself.

Knowing today was a historic encounter, I really wanted to watch the live events, the tv news, social media commenting, streaming, the whole bit. Social media didn't exist in '98, but you get the idea. It's become an obsession since then. My username for this account is just an example of that. Pluto everything. Underworld everything. Naming future kids after underworld deities (Pluto, Persephone, Lucifer, Lilith, etc), especially in Sims, naming my custom alien exoplanets after them, etc.

However, as much as I like to blame God and the Universe for my troubles, this time I myself really am partly to blame. Here's why. A few weeks ago, I smashed my hand-me-down smart phone to bits in a fit of rage. It was my only source of internet. That triggered a butterfly effect to today: Cut off from the family plan, forcing me to buy my own cell phone plans for the first time ever; internet-less for over a week while I scrambled.

This also resulted in me losing the contact info for a personal "VIP". "VIP" is a social worker/psych worker who works with the community and hosts community events for folks like me with psych issues. One was supposed to be held today, but it was cancelled and no one told me. No one told me because they still only had my OTHER number. Regardless, I anticipated this, and called people like hell to let me know if it had to be cancelled.

This interfered with my Pluto social media observation in the context that I'm a night owl: the live social media event of the encounter time was early morning where I live. I go to bed at 4 am thinking I still had the community event commitment, missing the news and social media stuff. So with my night owl life style, I get up at noon. Boom; my 8 hours of sleep.

I went to the community event, and walked around the park, which had it's own beach, so not only was I walking around the park in my NASA tee (to celebrate Pluto and New Horizons) looking like a fool, I probably also looked like a creep. Not to mention I almost accidentally crashed a wedding party at the gazebo the event would have been hosted, making me look even more like a fool

So I wasted all that time for shit. It didn't help that storms came through two days ago knocking out the power and shorting out the cable, because lightning hit our house, but the cable guy wasn't here until 3 or 4 today. I put even more wasted effort into recording the really awesome lightning show, but that hour and a half of cell phone video was shitty potato quality of the worst kind.

So I could have stayed up past 6 or 7 and watched the live nasa tv feed of the initial encounters, never mind the 9 hour communication delays between Earth and NH. All because I smashed mom's shitty cell phone. So now I have parents giving me the cold shoulder, a botched observation of a huge social and TV event I've been waiting years for, and a top priority bucket list finally crossed off, since I still got to see the pictures.

But now that NH has come and gone, and I've seen the initial pictures, I no longer have to worry about satisfying an otherwise trivial self-pact. And i've stopped worrying about having a negative effect on my parents because they hate me now. I'm a huge man child to begin with, and probably a bit of a peter pan complex or whatever; I refuse to fucking grow up or do that "independent adult" bull shit. Staying home and playing games and watching space events on TV and the internet is my Mojo; not this "get off your lazy ass and get a job and move out" bullshit, which I've already been forced to do so anyway. Living in a group0 home with narcissistic managers and a job working for baby boomers who hate millenials in tea party michelle bachmann territory overflowing with science haters and progress haters really pisses me off, as you might imagine.

And it doesn't help that while some articles I've read are just opinion blogs, it really makes me realize that progress is just short lived; aids already killed the sexual revolution; the flags of evil didn't come down until last week; we're becoming a corporate dictatorship, and we've already broke the environment so badly we won't get the fucking chance to become a true space age civilizaiton

But that doesn't matter because NH is in some way, a prime example of just how shitty, restrictive, and ultra-conservative God made this POS universe. Yes, I believe in God. But given the knowledge I've learned about how the world and the universe works, it's fucking discouraging, that's for sure.

But since I've finally fulfilled my self pact, I can finally off myself. And doomsayers have picked a new date for the apocolypse; September of this year. I *really* don't want to be around for that. Knowing just how badly we fucked up mommy nature, I really don't want to see how much our acid oceans burp methane and carbon dioxide and other greenhouse shit. She's gonna give us payback for sure.

Now to come up with a plan and a suicide note and I'll be outta here before September. I hope.