I hurt my partner and she wants to die and it’s killing meLong story time: my girlfriend and I have been together for 3.5 years now. We decided a couple weeks ago to try having an open relationship because we were both interested in exploring fantasies we’ve had. I met this girl online and began to talk with her. I didn’t really feel anything sexual towards her and she lived pretty far away but I kept on texting her because it was nice being able to talk to someone new for a change. We ended up talking a lot over the next few weeks and she would say some weird things like how we’re going to get married and our kids names and I kinda just went along with it. This past Friday afternoon my girlfriend was using my computer and found and read all the messages. She immediately messaged me saying that she was going to kill herself and I raced him from work calling her repeatedly. She eventually answered and told me where she was and that she had taken lots of her pills but not enough to kill her. I went and got her and took her home and kept her awake and safe until the pills wore off. I was numb I felt dead inside. I then did something even stupider and even worse than before. I left her there and drove around. I felt empty and wanted to feel something again so I went to a girls house I had met a couple days before. We talked for a while and she tried to have sex with me but I couldn’t do it. I then noticed my girlfriend had called me so I went home and we talked some more and went to bed. I told her in the morning what had happened and she seemed alright for the time being. We went about our day and I went to work. When I came back home she was just getting in and it all came back again she was hurt and crying and wanted the pain to stop. I was crying and heartbroken because I knew I did this to her. She won’t let me call crisis because our uni grad is next week and she doesn’t want to miss it but at the same time she’s telling me she wants to end her life because she’s heartbroken. I don’t know what to do I haven’t left her side since. I told her that I’m going to get help because clearly something is wrong with me. We talk and she calms down but that she has waves of anger and heartbreak and wants me to leave so she can end it. I don’t know how I can leave her alone for 5 minutes. The worst past is that she’s driving home Monday for 6 hours to get her hair done and see her family. But I don’t know if she’s going to make it if I let her go. What do I do here. I can’t call crisis because she’ll never forgive me and she knows that by telling me that I don’t want to lose her. 