I have Postural Orthopedic Tachycardia Syndrome due to head trauma, GAD, depression, crippling social anxiety, and I get emotionally abused everyday. Is there anyone here who is similar to me?I'm a 20 year old woman, and I have Postural Orthopedic Tachycardia Syndrome due to head trauma from when I was very small, nearly all the symptoms of Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and I get emotionally abused everyday. I also have severe social anxiety and depression that makes me want to never leave my bed.

I've had all of these things for so long, that it was normal to me. I didn't know anything was wrong until I heard of some symptoms in high school, and realized I usually had them many times a day. From there, I researched a tiny bit, and now I'm almost positive that what I have is POTS. It's a syndrome where my brain can't regulate my blood pressure most of the time.

Moving around is 3-5 times more exhausting for someone with POTS, my arms and legs easily "fall asleep" from lack of blood pressure, and when I stand up my blood follows gravity and falls to my feet and legs making me dizzy, causing an irregularly fast heartbeat to try to get blood to stay in my head. It's gotten to the point where I've completely lost my vision from standing up, and nearly fall over every time I stand up after laying down, though I have always had a strong instinct to stay conscious at any cost, and I don't recall ever completely passing out. Just standing up after sitting down gives me tachycardia. And to top it all off, many people with POTS also have majority of the same symptoms of GAD, making them easy to misdiagnose. My family has no idea. 

I have also always had some insomnia and have been depressed since early childhood, when I didn't even know what it was. (Although I don't know if the possible brain damage is causing it.) I also have issues with high levels of fear, along with constant anxiety. In the last year, especially in the last few months, I've been contemplating downing every pill in the house, and laying down one last time. I have these days that are worse than my worst weeks usually are, and I'm just a simple whim from ending it. But I know I don't want to regret it as I go, so I'm waiting a little bit to make sure it isn't just a desire when I'm at my lowest, but a conscious decision. But the mental abuse is really making me want to stop waiting.

Does anyone want to talk? About POTS, GAD, depression, ect? It doesn't have to be about me, but anything is welcome.