My friend killed himself, and I let himIt started when we learned that we had been neighbors for 15 years and didn't even know it. After that, he'd regularly come over and sneak out of his house and we'd have a long time to bond closer. I knew I was one of his only friends, and he talked depressively a lot because he has a lot of family problems and always says how much he hates his family. Outside of that, he was really fun and cool to hang around with and he was one of my closest and only friends. Then one day while hanging out, he told me he was thinking about committing suicide. At first I thought it was a joke because that was beneath him and I just told him not to. Over the next couple of weeks, he kept talking more and more about suicide and depression and I was starting to get pissed off because I thought he was doing it for attention, and I didn’t want to talk about it. One day, he randomly decided to buy this expensive watch for me because my old one broke, and felt like he “owed” it to me for my “kindness” even though I didn't want it, so I told him to keep it. But he kept insisting, and I was adamant on not accepting it, to the point where he was really pissing me off because he kept trying to hand it to other people to give to me. So one day when he showed up at my door to give me the watch, I told him that if he tries giving it to me again, that we wouldn't be friends anymore. After a long pause of silence, he tells me that he can't kill himself until I take the watch. At first I couldn't tell if he was serious about this, and I was just so pissed off I told him to just sleep it off and that he'll feel better and told him to leave. I didn't know until now how insulting that actually sounded. The next week, he stopped being himself and started being more depressive and started the suicide comments again, as well as making negative comments about himself. I had enough of his attitude so I just decided to ignore him from now and move on away from him. So I left him behind and started hanging out with other friends. I saw him less and less, to the point I was actually trying to avoid him, not making eye contact and speed walking away from him when around. And he noticed this. And then he stopped coming over at all, until the day before spring break he knocked on my door asking for ice since he was locked out of his house. When I asked what he needed it for, he revealed to me that he has been cutting himself for the past weeks. Disgusted, rather than trying to help him there, I told him to get help somewhere else, and left him. Last week, he just stopped doing anything and I just moved on. I just pretended that I didn't know him, even during that one class we had together, and soon, I started to forget him. But last weekend, I open the door, to see his watch on the ground, alongside a suicide note. On the note, he said that he was sorry and that he shouldn't have put so much pressure on me to fix his life. That he cared about me, even though I didn’t care about him. He got the idea that he never really mattered to me because I gave him the cold shoulder every time he tried asking for help. I was his one friend that he confided in, and said that he stopped caring when I did, and that I would be perfectly okay with him gone because I was doing well without him, and that I never needed him. He jumped in front of a car. I was also the only one who got a suicide note. It's my fault he's gone because I didn't try to help him when he was obviously suicidal. I knew what he was going through, I knew what he was doing to himself, and I didn't do anything. I just didn't know what to say to him because to be honest, I'm shy, and emotionally unavailable, and cowardly, and a sorry excuse to be considered human. My friend killed himself, and I just watched him when I could've saved him.
