I just need to get this off my chestI just need someone, something, to talk to. I've spent the last few weeks in a vicious cycle. I feel okay, not happy, but neutral. I guess. And then something minor goes completely wrong and I spiral. I get so angry and I lash out and I spend the next several hours contemplating life and sobbing in my bedroom alone, and knowing that all my problems, all my worries, would be gone if I was dead.

I know all of the tricks that people say to help with depression. 

"Try reaching out to people and talk to someone." I don't really have any friends. I have one acquaintance and my boyfriend. The acquaintance always says that I can talk to them if I need it, but when I try, they're obviously disinterested in what I have to say. Which is fine. I know I wouldn't exactly be excited if someone I didn't know that well tried to tell me their darkest emotions, you know? And of course I have my boyfriend, but I've talked myself in circles a million times and said the same things over and over and I can only imagine it's starting to wear on him. I don't want to be a burden to him. I don't want to put all of my problems on him. He has his own things to worry about, he doesn't have to shoulder me and my issues as well. So, I leave him alone. When I'm angry, I tell him I'm going to bed and stay up until 3 in the morning wishing I was normal. Wishing I came with built in friends for him to have, wishing that I could support him as much as he supports me, wishing I could muster up the courage to meet his friends without having an anxiety attack. I know he'd be happier if I was gone. He'd probably feel freer, at least. I can't talk to my mom because all she tells me to do is see someone, and I know I should. But most of the therapists and psychiatrists in my area don't take insurance, and I can't afford to cover the costs of an appointment each week, or biweekly, or even once a month really. I'm also afraid I'm too lazy to even do the work to make myself better. 

"Busy yourself, get a job or a hobby". I want to get a job so badly. I want to be self-sufficient. But I suffer with really bad anxiety and I'm terrified I'll go into a job interview and immediately burst into tears because I'm so nervous. Who would want to hire someone who can't keep their emotions in check for half an hour to do a job interview? So I don't have an income. I worry constantly about money, and I feel guilty about buying anything for myself because of it. All of the things I might be interested in cost money to boot. I want to take up candlemaking, but it costs 100 dollars to even begin. That's 100 dollars I don't have. I want to upgrade my PC so I can start to stream, but that's over 1,000 dollars. I don't want to spend that much money on myself, and honestly, even gaming has just made me angry lately. I just explode. I don't know why. I just get so overwhelmed and then I die and I explode and hit myself. I have bruises all over my thighs from beating myself up because I died in fucking Overwatch. It's ridiculous. It's embarrassing. I'm embarrassed. I just wish it still brought me joy instead of more negativity like it used to.

And finally, I'm a college student right now. And all I can do is watch as the country I live in circles the drain. It's devastating to watch any prospects I might have get set on fire in front of me. I'm terrified of graduating and never being able to get a job because of my aforementioned anxiety issues, I'm terrified of living in poverty. The housing prices around my college just keep going up. I don't know what to do. Life seems so pointless. It feels like I don't have a future.

I don't know if I'm going to kill myself. I really don't. I want to, I just don't know how. Maybe I'll just stop looking both ways when I cross the road. Then maybe it'll just look like an accident and the 4 people at my funeral can mourn who they thought I was, and not the deeply angry, depressed girl I am. I'm sorry this is so long, I know no one really wants to read about a stranger's emotions, but I just needed to get it off my chest.