All I want for christmas is a gun to end my suffering withI’m a failure of an adult. I am dependent on my abusive mother for at least until the end of this year, so that when I move out I will not ever have to go back to her for help because she would just love to see me fail. I’ve never had much of a social life, most of the friends I have are online, and I somehow manage to disappoint them everytime. One friend recently had a brain tumor removed, and I was worried about him, so when he came back today I made my best effort to focus on making him happy. I didn’t act depressed, didn’t show depression, didn’t make anything about me, I even played a game with him I usually  hate and refuse to, along with some of my other friends. I simply pointed out a group of people that were being trolls that was likely to attack us, and was lagging behind the group because I didn’t know what I was doing but I was really trying, and it ended up making him pissed at me. I tried to lie to myself and think its just because of his medication or whatever, but he didn’t do it to the rest of them. Just me. He even made it a point to tell me the reason we rarely play that game is simply my dislike for it, despite the fact I made no complaint about it today and actually tried. That’s just one example of many as to why I feel like a failure, because  no matter how hard I try, people around me just hate me. My mother, my father who left me and favors his new children more. People I used to think were my friends just using me for a laugh, my older cousin raping me when I was 10 numerous times…

It’s a pile of shit, all of it. I hate myself so much, I want to die almost daily. I have minor panic attacks just thinking about how I am a failure, and I have nothing and no way of changing it. I cant do therapy, get medications, I can’t go make new friends because it’s a small town and all the other kids HATED me in public school because I did better than them, and because I was the ‘good kid’ the teachers liked to the point the bullying got so bad I had to be taken out of school. I cut myself, usually not too deep to where you can notice it, on my chest, but there are faint scars if you look close enough. Ive always been fond of letting the aggressive cats ive sometimes come into contact with do the damage for me, I mean, the cat scratches lie works best when it is cat scratches. My girlfriend, who I have tried so hard to be there for, seems to despise me too. I don’t know why, but her opinion of me is pretty negative from what she has told me, she’s basically insisted I am a child who knows nothing of the real world and etc. etc. despite the fact she’s made major mistakes herself and lied to me about them, and she’s never found someone more accepting of her gender fluidity than me, despite the fact sometimes its stressful sexually because she wants to do things that bring back bad memories, but id be willing to do them to make her happy. 

Why should I live when everyone I know hates me, cant stand me, and thinks Im a joke? My own girlfriend has talked badly of me behind my back to her friends, who have assumed my depression is just an attention grab. I’d like to blow my brains out, I really would. I tried to strangle myself with a belt once but lost consciousness and I guess that released the belt and I woke up a few hours later. I tried to OD, but the dry texture of the pills made me vomit before they had a chance to digest, I don’t have the nerve to cut myself deep enough to hit an artery. I legitimately want to die, if I had a gun, I’d do it. I don’t try to be a burden, I try to not be, I try to make everyone else feel good, but when I do need support… its basically fuck me.  If they hate me so much, think so badly of me, shouldn’t I just do it and not be a problem? Isn’t that’s what selfish of me? Making them have to deal with someone they hate? I wonder if she even stays with me because she loves me, or just because she does not want to be “responsible” for the consequences of taking my last bit of will to live away. I sleep in late now just trying to avoid being awake. Sleep is the closest thing to release I have right now. 

I took a benadryl just to try and heighten my mood, as it makes me very calm. I was a risk for alcoholism during the time I had access to beverages of that sort, I’ve tried weed, but it did nothing for me. I can’t even find relief in substances anymore. I used to think I was okay with this lonely life style, I’d outdo everyone and I’d fucking win. They’d all be working at fucking target and I’d be a nurse! I’d be the one with a good apartment and a flat screen TV and a decent car, with nice clothes. And I didn’t need anyone or anything, I’d show them all I’m not a failure.

But I am. I am a burden. I just want to die. I don’t want people to tell me not to, I wish they’d have the guts to tell me to do it like I know they want me to, to stop pretending they don’t want me to off myself. Would I kill myself if I could do it quickly? Yes. If I could change my situation I would, I really would, I’d like to. I can’t even go take a walk. A fucking walk. I just wish I had people to talk to who want to talk to me because they like me, not out of pity, not out of feeling responsible for me, but because they see some sort of redeeming quality in me that’s even worth it. But I don’t have that.

I’m sorry.