It's becoming unbearable to keep living for the wellbeing of others and at the same time understanding that my life is not worth living.(First, sorry for my devious use of the English language - I'm not a native speaker, and honestly, can't really care about improving my writing abilities in it at the moment. And yes, it's mostly whining, I know, but I had to let it out in some way to last at least a few days without going insane, and maybe some people can relate to my situation, so here I go).

I've been struggling with mental health and suicidal thoughts since my early teenage years. Started therapy at 14. My issues at the time went on remission at 16. Then, I went to college at 18, and that year, things went worse than I could have ever imagined. Then back to therapy, then medication, then group therapy. Started getting involved in clubs and activities at college, left therapy as I was feeling better. At 20 I had the worst breakdown I can ever think of. Ended up in the university's emergency room having a panic attack. Then again, therapy, increased medication. Had to take a quarter of from college with a mental health leave because it was impossible for me to do anything - read, concentrate, sit still in a class (that has led to a delay in my graduation date, which frustrated and embarrassed me a lot - all my self-esteem and self-appreciation were related to my academic achievements back then). 

The drugs were taking effect for about 6 months already, and I was firm on therapy. I finally started to have hope that my life would get on track. I got an amazing internship at one of the biggest companies in my country, was really expecting to follow a career there once graduated, even planned to take GMAT classes to apply for a grad school abroad after a few years - then it all went downhill again. I started to mess everything up, every week that went by, my performance at the job worsened - my mind tricking me again, obviously - so of course, once my contract finished, I was kicked out. At the same time, I failed at almost all that period classes because I was unable to study, worrying and getting tired because of my internship, which delayed my graduation even more. 

Now I'm here. No career prospects, unable to even calculate my graduation date. Pandemic made everything worse. Every time I remember that in January I will turn 24 years old in this situation, I want to crush my head into the wall until it turns to dust. It's impossible to fall into the "you're important, you're worth, you'll get through this" discourse when all the normal standards around you shows that this is a lie; you failed at things so simple; you had many privileges and yet wasted all of them because of your inability (some determined, some deliberate by your own irresponsibility) to be a functional person. Now, you're in the bottom of every social circle you're in; every aspect of your life that connects you to other people has you as the rock bottom. Every. Aspect.

All of this is to illustrate how, in my life, this has been a cycle that at each turn only gets worse. Fine, then bad. Ok, then terrible. Bad, then unbearable. And I'm illustrating this cycle only with the "practical" side of my life - the subjective, emotional, interpersonal part is worse, far worse. Really worse.

I have all the evidence telling me, "your life is not worth living", but I care about my mother, my close friends, my relatives... so I accepted that some time ago. I said to myself that the worth of my life would be to just keep breathing for the sake of others. I would distract myself with the mundane, and that would be enough. I would drink and chat to my friends and pet my cats with my mother, and that would be enough. I would be the selfless as I could, egoless as I could. But as time went by, this proved insufficient. It's not enough. I still have an ego that is hurt every time I need to face everything that is related with building a life, becoming independent, facing internal and external expectations (normal, "expected" expectations). I am hurt every time my friends start talking about their jobs and I don't have anything to add to the conversation. Every time a relative asks me when I am graduating. Every time I see my friends talking about their hookups (I am gay, so lots of hookups) and I remember I haven't touched a man since 2018 - even the prosaic distraction of kissing someone you're attracted to is something I'm unable to experience.

And this is becoming intolerable to the point I can't really care anymore about how dying will hurt the feelings of the people around me. They are adults and will have to live through this. It's heartbreaking to imagine how my mother will be in the immediate aftermath, but she's an adult woman and will have to find her way through this as well - I can't. But it's still a dilemma, that question (and I believe many of you may have wondered this as well at some point): should we keep our pain to ourselves and do the best to at least outlive our parents, or accept that it is a lost battle to fight this suffering, and the best is to disperse that pain to people who probably will know how to handle it better than we do. 

I can't answer it. From the philosophical perspectives to the most personal, unrational ones, I can't find an answer that would let me die in a little bit of peace, but I'm inclining to the last option, as I'm convinced that the people I'll leave behind will deal with this pain better than I do.