I don't know how to do this anymore.My husband lost his job due to a technicality with his short term disability paperwork, and the return to work date not matching or some bullshit.

My job is a day in, day out, same old crap. I've posted out numerous times but I can't seem to get out of this hellhole.

I don't even make enough money to cover the mortgage and the car payments on my own, and I was told I have to quit smoking because we can't afford my habit anymore. With my husbands unemployment we won't be able to pay the bills monthly and we'll just get further and further behind.

We're going to lose the house and I don't know what will happen to our 3 cats, especially our youngest who is my baby and the most vicious of the bunch. He'd probably get put down because no one would take him.

Monday I felt so bad I was contemplating playing in the highway traffic that is extremely close to my work (hopping a 3 ft fence close).

I have 1 day left of any sort of paid vacation for the rest of the year and I feel like taking it every single day. I don't have any motivation to do anything at work, and if I do take that one day left I can't leave my department because I'll get written up. Oh and every document I pass through quality control at work is the equivalent of taking someone's house away from them.... ironic huh?

I tried begging my doctor monday to write me out on short term disability for my breakdown but she ignored my request.

I've never been brave enough to take a knife to myself, and my husband would never get my life insurance that way, so I'm considering ramming my car into a tree, or something that will make the whole thing look more like an accident than a suicide. That way my "family" can live on without me at least for a little while.

Nothing makes me happy anymore.... I have no friends to talk to, and the only people I talk to reularly are my mother and my husband.

I feel like my marriage is a wreck, and the only reason I'm still here is sheer cowardice. I'm so sick and crying so hard just writing this that I'm gagging.

I need time to plan it out right, but I'm very, very close.

Edit- I also have several medical issues with my back that make mundane tasks such as a grocery store trip unbearable. I have to take Oxycodone to relieve the pain, and even then I just can't do that for the rest of my life...