Post-Traumatic Cripple with BPD Living In PovertyI live my life in so much pain. Been dealing with the suicidal thoughts since 2nd or 3rd grade, feeling like they're always there, at the back of my mind, voices suddenly coming into the light the moment I'm alone with my thoughts, whispering to me about how I'm worthless and deserve to die, how no one loves me, how everyone around me is waiting for me to finally off myself so that they can finally be happy. Maybe it's the trauma of being abused as a child, or the shame of being blamed for the rape I endured between ages 8 and 11. Maybe I inherited my mom's crazy. All I know is if I'm not doing 1000 things at once, the voices come to me. 

The life of poverty I've always lived doesn't help. I've spent my entire life under the fear of this or that getting shut off or someone coming to my parents' door either to shut us off, collect a debt, or serve us with some kind of court papers. As an adult, finally living on my own, I'm barely scraping by. From the years of abuse I'd endured, my knee and my back are absolutely fucked (I'm 22 and get around with a cane. think about that.), so there are a lot of things I can't do, like a lot of standing or walking around. Worst is I've never been able to get these injuries checked out (both because of active efforts by my mother to deny me medical care and because I'm fucking broke), so I can't exactly apply for disability, and as a college student just trying to finish my classes before my Pell Grant gets utterly fucked by the Dump administration, I barely have the time to do the work I can find. Fiancee is a struggling factory worker, currently unemployed but always only just barely able to pay our bills and make child support payments. 

This month, I emptied out my bank accounts to pay rent.... and only had half as much as we needed. We have naught but $20 in grocery store gift cards to our names and, until I get back to my work study job next year, I don't really see anything coming in for us.

And, to be honest, the voices make it hard to see a point to anything anymore. I know people think I should get help, get into therapy, get on meds and MAKE THE FUCKING VOICES STOP, but with how I grew up, so deeply and constantly in debt, I'd much rather end everything than live in fear life that again. I can't fucking do that shit again. I can't keep fucking living like this, constantly worrying how we'll pay our bills, constantly going without so there's enough for my fiancee when he gets home from his job searches...

He'd be better off without me. No longer wasting money on me, no longer stressing out about triggering my PTSD, no longer dragged into deep pits of depression when he can't help me out of the abyss my BPD brings me to. 

he's always deserved better than a lazy, fat whore like me anyway. all i do is smoke weed and cry these days anyhow