when you live everyday knowing it’s only a matter of time until you finally decide it’s going to be your lastevery single day i wake up, look in the mirror, and instantly want to end my life because of my skin conditions. and every single day i’ve also promised myself to wait until tomorrow to see if it’ll be any better; it’s never any better, it’s always worse. my condition has just been going further downhill by the day, and i am a recently 18 year old girl who should be out enjoying my life, but i’m bed bound because i am so suicidal and humiliated by my face and my skin. i just have no hope anymore. i have wrote copious amounts of suicide letters every single week for the past 9 months, and nothing has changed. nobody seems to understand how draining it is to be mentally and physically in pain everyday whenever i see myself in a mirror or even think about how i look. because of my condition, i know i will never live a happy life again, and it’ll just progress as time goes by. i just see no point, i have no aspirations and i can’t even leave my house. i am seriously so close to completely breaking, i haven’t felt like a human for so long now that i can’t even remember something i said an hour ago. i am constantly on edge and unstable because my thoughts are just filled with self loathing and suicidal thoughts. i have to physically hit myself to try to stop myself from ending my life. say, i’ll be in my kitchen and i just can’t shake the though of stabbing myself to have it all over with so i have to physically try to restrain myself and it’s torturous to live like this every single day. i’m so unhappy, and i have nobody, and i mean nobody, to help me. i don’t want anyone to say i’m not a burden, because i know i am, and i’m a burden on my family and myself too. it’s unfair for me to have to live like this everyday, and i can’t keep trying to continue when i have no purpose at all. i even recently lost my job due to my skin condition, and i’m now having to leave my education because i can’t attend due to my mental health. i am past the point of saving, and i wake up every day knowing that one day will be the day i decide to make my last.