I will do it on my birthday in a few days. AMA!(? oof is that a bit too dark?)Can't afford a therapist. I'll turn 21. I've cried a lot about this. There are many things wrong. Finance being one of them, I can't provide for my family even though I kind of have to. Both of my parents are relatively healthy (my dad mostly isn't) and alright but their earnings don't cut it anymore.  We've been on the brink of living on the streets since Dad's accident years ago, but now it just got way worse. He was an ex alcoholic, he quit a couple years ago. I've also caused a lot of pain to people during my short time here, I have major anger issues. I was diagnosed with depression and social anxiety 3 years ago by 3 different mental health professionals. They put me on pills, it made things worse, I acted on my thoughts due to the numbness. Almost jumped off.   


I reeled back in, pushed through, got through my high school which was on halt due to me dropping out thanks to a health condition, and got my first internship at 18. But then it all started again, it's the same cycle. It's always been like this. I'm unable to express myself. I'm extremely sad, I don't know how else to say this. I had big dreams. Over time, they were chipped away due to circumstances. I'm not necessarily a loner, I have amazing friends and my family, although dysfunctional and probably requires more therapy than I ever did, does have better moments. Sadly, I'm not worthy of the love. We can all sit here and judge strangers on the internet, and maybe there are some who are genuinely great! But I assure you, I'm not one of them. Money is such an important factor. Pursuing a creative field, which in itself requires a shit ton of money (materials to draw, resources to learn how to draw, ideally someone to teach you) at the very least, a peaceful home environment. I'm not able to make any of those things happen. I don't really have any skills, and my biggest weakness is my social ineptitude. Yes, I'm aware a lot can be done even without money, and I've done what I can. I wear old worn, torn clothes with holes in them everyday. I'm barely able to go out but I still do sometimes when I have to, and I used to gym, lost 10kgs and it made me a lot stronger physically, go on walks, manage food for myself and the family by scouring for discount coupon codes or just making do with cheaper alternatives. It was hell, but I pushed through for a long time.   


Gym stopped because we can't afford it. Can't afford college for sure, have to make do. Not smart enough for a scholarship. I've compromised for everything since I was a kid, then in the middle I kind of just stopped. I stopped accepting this as my fate, I thought I'd forge my own path. But ultimately, this is how things are. I'm sure there are people who know how bad it is when you have to skip dinner, eat less, or put off that doctor's appointment, or be unable to join those classes. I know, you guys push through, that's what you're supposed to do right? I'm not able to anymore. I just, can't. I'm 20. I need to ease the burden on my family, I can't do it like this. I can't provide for them, the least I can do is release them. And if it's not to be a selfless act, then maybe it's just a selfish act. I am exhausted, spent, and I feel like I've wasted everything. Maybe if I did drugs, smoked cigarettes, or if I acted out in any way that hurt ME, and not the people around me, maybe things would've been different. Maybe I'd know how to receive and give love. But it's okay noiw. I don't want to continue. I click exit, and that's that. I don't want to turn 21. Everyone will be better off. I love my people, I will wish them the best.