i am furiousI am furious. I am mad, I am sad, I am done with the world and people in it. I am done with myself. I am on the verge of ending it. my parents hate my art. I spent all of last year opening up to them, I spent the years prior barricaded up and unable to understand them, and them unable to understand me. they wanted me to be more open and so I did. they have never respected my art before but I decided that if I become more open, maybe they could understand me and respect it more. art is my greatest passion, and I recently showed them a painting that was somewhat gorey, blood, a distorted person, and it looked creepily artistic. they proceed to shit on me for doing this and tell me that as Christians I cannot do this, they do not like it. don't get me wrong, I enjoy being a Christian and have been one throughout my entire life, but they have no reason to bring this in. there is nothing wrong with my painting. it is only my self expression and it helps me get things off my chest. I tell them that and they say I don't have any reason to be anything but happy because they give me all I need. I am always trying my best to please them, begging my brother to not do anything to them when they wronged me, and then I snapped the tiniest bit when they brought my painting up again and I started to get yelled at. I don't feel like I can express myself anymore. I am furious. I feel like I'm another photocopy to them. I feel like I'm a puppet. I don't have anyone who can understand me. I'm not even close enough to my friends. I am so damn tired of caring so much for my parents and my friends and them not giving much of a care or respect as long as I am alive. I am fucking nothing to them. outside, I'm always such a cheerful person and I always do my damn best to try and make others happy. but I am so tired and drained, my grades are dropping, my parents are expecting more, and my teachers expect more. I am so fucking mad at myself for not being able to stand my ground and yell at people for wronging me. I cannot stand myself for not caring for myself the way I do to others. I cannot stand myself and I cannot even make myself happy. I want to fucking die.