I really need help, please someone talk to me, I'm right on the edge...I'm feeling like I want to end it all. 
I'm going to tell the 100% truth in this post. Sorry, it's long, but if you could read it, i'd really appreciate it.

I am a junior in high school. In the summer, my dad had gotten an iPhone 4 which he stripped for parts but it still worked fine. One day, I took the phone because it seemed like nobody was using it and it sat in the same place for 3 months. I charged it up, connected it to wifi, and I would play games, watch YouTube, and other stuff (*cough* porn *cough*). I did this on this phone because my own phone won't connect to the house's wifi. Anyways, about 2 months ago, my dad wanted to have the phone to take it back to our home country (because my aunt was in need of a phone and he didn't want to give his up), so he asked me if I knew where it was and I responded that I didn't, but I would keep an eye out for it (I didn't want to give it to him because I have numerous sleepless nights where I need something to do in order to make me fall asleep). Well, he never got it until yesterday. After a fapping session, I came out of my room to get a drink, and he was out taking the modem from the living room. Then, he stopped me and told me something along these lines:

*I'm replacing my name with "Son"*

"Son, I want you to tell me something and depending on your answer, it will determine whether or not I ever trust you again for the rest of my life. Do you have the phone that I asked you for a few months ago? If you do, just give it to me and we'll act like nothing ever happened and i'll forget about it all. If you don't and you're lying to me, I swear I will never trust you again."

So at this point I was panicking, and I told him that I dodn't have it and he took his laptop and showed me the history of the sites I had visited and he told me that knows that I have it because of that. He told me that since I was lying to him, he would take screen shots of my history and send it to my teachers and friends (It was porn). He also said that he knew I had had the phone for quite some time now, but he didn't want to make this a big issue and he had let me be for a while.

I still continued to tell him that I didn't have the phone.

He proceeded to show my mom the history too, and he told me that he would tear my room apart looking for that phone, and that he wouldn't sleep until he found it. He and my mother both went into my room and told me not to enter until they finished searching. My mom was so close to the location of the phone that I just told them "ok ill find it, I have a phone around here somewhere". I was stalling. I was not gonna give it to them because of the saved embarassing photos on it and such. I acted like I was searching for it when really I was trying to diverge them so that I could get the phone and run. I stared at both my mom and dad as I was "searching" for the phone, and as soon as I saw they weren't paying attention for a split second, I grapped the phone and put it in my waistband. I told them I didn't know where it was, and I ran to the living room and put it under the couch. When I came back, I told them I would help them search for it. Then my dad became incredibly mad, and went and got a huge ass toilet plunger. He repeatedly told me to find the phone in his angriest voice. He said that he didn't want to draw blood from me, but he would if he really needed to. He told me that he would give me 10 seconds to find the phone or else he would hurt me. Well, I acted like I was searching for the phone. When he reached to 10, he heaved the toilet plunger at me as hard as he could. One side hit me in the rips, the other broke my glasses and hit my eye. I could have sworn I was bleeding. He said he'd give me another 10 seconds, and at this point I was pleading to him to just stop. He kept counting. Eventually, I told him to just beat me up. He said ok, but instead changed his mind and said that he would never trust me again and that he would buy a ticket for me to be flown back to our country to live there for the rest of my life. During this time, my mom kept pleading with me to just give him the phone, but I still refused. Her and my dad completely trashed my room, took almost everything out, spilled clothes all over, told me to sleep in the living room while they checked around. At this point, I just decided to give it to them and get it over with. I erased everything from it and gave it to them, telling them that I found it in a box with other electronics in the living room. They turned it on and it connected to wifi, and it was of course the same exact phone I used (im not very good at lying). They told me to just go to sleep now, and that they didn't want to talk. 

I have been having a ton of suicidal thoughts since yesterday night. I decided to sleep in the cold garage, and I just begged God to end my life now while I was at my lowest point. I almost chugged bleach and took pills. I eventually woke up, but I was late for school so I had to walk the 2 miles to school. I seriously contemplated throwing myself in front of one of the cars. I just wanted my life to end. The feeling that I really want is for my parents to know that they almost lost me and appreciate me. This isn't the first time this has happened, and they can really be dicks to me sometimes (Im suspecting my mother is bipolar, because she gets INCREDIBLY mad at the smallest things, for example she hates dogs and one time my dog was just sleeping in her path (he was there first) and she decided to get her coat and hit him, and he got scared and turned around and booked it, but hit his left eye on the corner of a cabinet. She didn't even care for his injury.) and my dad never wants me to have a life outside of math and physics, I literally have no friends at home and very few at school because he wants me to always be doing math and physics. 

I'm here at school right now, writing this.

I'm sorry that it was so long, but please...what do I do? I just want to feel appreciated... i've vowed to not ever talk to them unless I have to, and to ignore them. I just want to graduate and get the hell out of here. I want to live my own life, have friends, maybe finally get a girlfriend, get a degree, get a good job, etc. I want to become a lot more successful than they are, just to rub it in and tell them that they doubted me but now i'm making so much more than they are.