I'm feeling ill and it's getting worse for each dayHi, I guess... I don't know how to do this. I posted in depression but maybe I should've posted here...?

I've been depressed for nearly 6 years now, and you know it has been worse (suicidal) and slightly better. There was a time for a couple months I thought that maybe life was worth living but it came crashing down again. And I can't realy blame myself, I wasn't worth enough to have such feelings. I don't think I ever was.

So I guess when reflecting and talking to my sister we had a pretty sad childhood and got lots of problems still lingering from it. And one of my firends when we were out at a pub, he's been my friend for like 12 years now, he said about my father "I can understand why he remaried with someone with children, cause he knew he'd fucked up with you and wanted to try/start over again". And I guess that is true cause all he did was to put my sister and I infront of the TV or computer. Though my mother wasn't that good either she put me infront of a book (good, made me scary litterate as a kid) but she always had a bad temper. Like a hellish scream I never heard before. And she's very controlling. So that wasn't that great either. Both had to work alot to get things going for them so I guess I didn't really spend that much quality time with my family. So I waited for my time to leave and then moved out, and today I try to never visit home because I always feel bad when I'm there.

And I have been kinda suicidal lately. I remember someone asked me if I was ok and only slept bad. I kinda then proceeded to do as I always do and push those asking away. I don't want to and actually would like to talk with that person about how I feel but I think it's not right. I think I will try and talk with her about something but I don't know how to ask...

How should I bring it up that I want to talk about something? Should I do that? Won't they be bothered and worried which is worse than not knowing? Worse than to be surprised than me taking my life, and not knowing or believing that they could or would do anything. Is it right to burden others with the weight of your thoughts? Especially since you meet them and word could spread?

I wish I could cry in front of someone and be hugged. I wish I could talk to my friend and tell her how I feel and that I need someone to talk to, but I'm not quite sure she could take it or help me. Is it ok to talk to someone? Is it ok to share what I feel like, looking for some sort of comfort? Can I find comfort in this by talking or will I just ruin everything and risk having her never talk to me again, can I risk talking to anyone about this? Is it right of me to press something on someone, is it right to ever make someone possibly feel what I am feeling and my suicidal thoughts?