I want to kill myself.I'm sexually attracted to children. 

*Edit 1:

I have never inappropriately touch or exposed myself to children. To the best of my knowledge, there have never been any children directly affected by my sexual attraction to them. 

I have looked at child pornography, as recently as last week.

The sexual act is not what attracts me to them, but the act of abuse. I feel I can simulate a similar sensation with women if it is also abuse, although not to the same degree. No women have directly suffered abuse by me.

I'm in my late twenties, male and I don't want to have these feelings any more. 

I have recently started to come out &gt;10 years worth of addiction. Sex, Drugs, Alcohol, Cigarettes, Food, Content (TV, Internet). I want to move on with my life but I can't get rid of this.

**Edit 2:
I have spoken about this to two other people. One was an ex girlfriend who I'm no longer on good terms with, although we still see each other regularly (she married close friend of mine).

The other is my brother, who was supportive but suggested I get help. I've started to speak to a psychologist, which is how I've been able to slow down my reliance on addictions.

She is the 6th psychologist/councilor I've spoken to. I have had depression on and off since I was young. I was Ostracize from other children by my mother as a child and had no friends outside of my family until my mid teens. I still have social anxiety today, although reducing the dependency on addictions is helping.

I was sexually abused by my older brother when I was a preteen. 

***Edit 3:

I have spoken to 2 therapists about my brothers abuse. The first was a councilor I was seeing for depression around 8 years ago. She told me she was not adequately trained to help me and instead gave me some material to look into. My then girlfriend saw this material and that's what (over a period of time) lead me to the point of telling her that I thought I might be a pedophile. I was drunk, I had just finished telling her about the sibling Sexual-Abuse and that I was having these thoughts. We didn't talk about it.

The second was around four years ago. I wanted to see someone who specialized in helping male sexual abuse survivors. I went three times. When I finally built up the courage to tell her the specifics, I became uncomfortable with the way she handled the situation (I felt as though she was disappointed that it wasn't more significant, as if it were my father that would have been something she could write about). I didn't see her again after that.