Silent Hell ( Trigger warning) Part 1 ManifestoIn this depressing night i have decided to write a manifesto because iam feeling totally lost , losing all hope ...  in this point like this or not like i don't really care because i know you won't care anyway . Firstly  iam in the shock that how this stupid life works and all of is a just dope show like stucking in the place where you are never belong , where you didn't disturb , where you will never choose ... it is feels like something or someone forsing you play the video game you hate most and worst thing is you can't create your own character , where you will spawn  or choosing difficulty . Worst thing is there is no dlcs to save your ass , everything is pay to win . An iam asking : What kind of sadistic psychopath would create a game that everyone , everything suffers relentlessly ? sometimes you can understand ,aware that you are in a video game but it is already scripted so you can't change it ...
It is worst game you will ever see and unfortunately you won't get a refund , from 0 -18 it is free trial but don't worry you will still suffer , you will feel the agony burning inside of you 
You are not pain free , don't look for cheat codes because there is none . And this game's name is :
Silent Hell , yes it is all starts when you are born and you see welcome to hell title on the screen than you start weeping  .
You can ask who is controlling me than ?  we won't know but probably he or she is a sadistic bastard ...  It is name is Silent Hell because when you are down , when you are sad or when you sad  no one understands you , gets you says i love you 
You feel lost , depressed , suffer and burning in your own hell , no matter what you do , how you look down no one else gives a laid , helps , no one fucking cares or notices that's why it is name is Silent Hell ...
If you know universe of Silent Hill games that the protogonist  founds himself or herself in a chaotic foggy world that surrounded with the demons 
Yeah it is not bad actually for me because atleast dealing with those creatures easier than dealing with the fucking people because you know those creatures intend , they are not torturing you mentally so if you are a doomguy type you can beat them all but about solving fucking puzzles i don't know . So which one would be more easier? , dealing with life&amp; people or army of unholy monsters ?  Honestly i would choose monsters because i know humans creepier than them ...
Anyway enough that empty talking  . I am not mad at my life or what i have , everything is just too fucking  unfair , painfull and i can't take it anymore , iam not strong enough to handle this 
I am really trying my best but i am always found myself in the point that where i have started ...
Some people gets what they want or they disurb but iam not , iam a still a fucking loser , iam sick of playing this unfair game ... 
Like becoming crossed and feeling agonizing pain  in your all being.


( This manifesto doesn't mean i will shoot a place or a person , only person gonna die is me ...)