I don't deserve what I haveThis month I'm 6 months clean from self-harm, I'm in an amazing relationship with a guy who's willing to move across the country for me (the university I want to go to is across the country, I dunno if I'll make it there though), my grades are doing well. So why do I feel so shitty?
2016 has hands down been the worst year of my life (I developed PTSD, but I'll get to that in a bit), but everything lately is going so smoothly for me and I still want to fucking kill myself. I work in a theatre, and I stop myself from even going up into the top of the theatre or what have you because I'm sincerely afraid I'm going to lose control and just jump.
Same reason I refuse to learn how to drive. My urge is just too strong. I tried to take a pair of scissors to my thigh yesterday, but they weren't sharp enough. My forearms are covered in scars and I'm *well aware* that my mom and many others look down on me for it.
Like I said, I was diagnosed with PTSD February 2016. I still struggle with it because the situation I developed it from honestly wasn't even that big of a deal, like I've read people's PTSD situations and I just knock myself because all that happened was my (emotionally abusive) ex backed me into a corner and threatened to reenact Columbine. But that's nothing compared to what some people have gone through. I wonder sometimes if I'm making it up in my head?
I just feel like this huuuuuuuuge fuckup all the time. People in my life are so good to me, my boyfriend is the best guy I've ever met, and I sincerely don't deserve it. I don't deserve the amazing things he does for me and the amazing guy that he is. I'm on 200mg of Zoloft and it hasn't helped me. I've tried everything at this point. I just wallow in self-pity and feel bad for myself now. Why do I crave release so much? Am I losing my mind?
I honestly don't think I belong on this Earth anymore, and that everyone would be alot better without me there :-)
Edit: I made a throwaway because my real life friends know my reddit, and they don't know this. Thanks.