i can't do this shit anymorebasically, i am being emotionally abused by parents, i have to soon start a career to pursue, and being a fucking nihilist and idealist, i don't see the point in anything anymore. spirituality and humor are the only 2 things that bring the only life into my painful existence, otherwise, everyone is against me. i have never been loved, all the love that i got from my parents was faker that my will to live.

i was recently diagnosed with major depressive disorder, i know that this "mood" will probably pass, but i feel like shit. i don't want to do this anymore. i am alone, always have been. i am neglected. i am an outcast. no one understands me. i do not fit in (i don't try to either). i have a different way of seeing the world and it seems that i am punished for seeing the world that way. society doesn't provide ways for me to become what i am capable of. i have no support. i never had the chance to build up a talent. i suck at almost everything, and this is not a hyperbole. i blew up an egg today which i was planning to boil and eat, almost set the house on fire.

i have an opportunity that is running out of time: i was going to enter this writing contest to win a year's worth of tuition, but it's due soon and i can't do it because of my adhd and depressive mood. i'm fucking up my only chance at a "normal" life. i wanna die. why can't i just be like the others? they seem to have it all figured out. my indecisiveness, curiosity, and short attention span are fucking everything up.

i have never received help, despite my numerous attempts to ask for it. i'm alone. i'm in pain.

don't believe in hope, but still... I hope that I survive tonight, guys, even though i have nothing to look forward to.

i hate posting on here, i have this feeling that people are just gonna think that i do this for attention :( i just want to let it out and maybe get some help, because i've run out of ways to help myself :(

thank you in advance to all those that take the time to read this.