I just exist.My life is such a waste. If I could trade places with someone who was dying but wanted to live, I would in a second. 
I’m 39. Lots of emotional abuse growing up..I’ve never felt like anyone really loved me. Maybe if I could’ve bern smarter or prettier then they would’ve loved me. I started drinking as a teenager and it really brought out my self destructive tendencies. I didn’t care what happened to me and I put myself into some pretty bad situations which caused me to hate myself even more. I just am a fucking loser in all aspects of my life. Nothing has worked out. I wanted so badly to be a wife and mother, I used to daydream about what it would be like to finally feel like I belonged, to be needed and loved. That didn’t work out either but that’s probably a good thing because I am so fucked up emotionally that my relationships are always one sided and I don’t even realize it. It’s just a pattern I can’t stop repeating, “maybe this one will be different”.ha.
What a fucking joke. I have noooo idea what a loving, caring relationship looks like bc I have never had one. So I just sit at home when I’m not at work and isolate myself. I don’t have any friends but I don’t want any, I have nothing in common with people my age so I can’t relate to their lives of husbands and children and now some are having grandchildren. 
I hate waking up and everyday I hope that I die. Im too scared to kill myself right now but I constantly think about it. I feel like it’s Inevitable, and it’s comforting to think of not having to be alone or feel how much I hate myself. It truly knows no bounds.
 All that “love yourself” stuff is bullshit, how can I love myself when Its been confirmed over and over again that I’m not worth shit? I know I’m not and nothing will ever convince me otherwise. 
I don’t even want “help” because I have felt like this for so long that if I somehow managed to feel happy even for a second I couldn’t even enjoy it because I know the reality of my life will creep back in eventually so why bother?  Nothing changes, all the meds in the world don’t help. 