Chronic Illness getting me downSo, I have a chronic pain illness (interstitial cystitis) that isn't always debilitating, but is, in my case. I am having a second minor surgery on Friday. I am 26 and have been dx'd for 5 years. I have chronic and unrelenting pelvic pain of varying degrees, all of the weekend was spent on pain medication and I feel like I'm struggling to get my graduate work done, I cannot have sex or sexual contact of any kind without pain or being unable to do much the next day. I have multiple doctors that I visit weekly and so many medications that my family supports my medical bills, as I could not afford them in school and will likely be unable to afford them professionally. I am in a happy relationship, except that I cannot have sex and I've become (once again) resentful of sexual contact of any kind-I used to be ok to just let a guy pleasure me and deal with the pain, but too exhausted to reciprocate. I no longer feel a need for it to be reciprocal, but it frustrates me to be sexual when I can't really do much myself without pain. I take care of myself. My last relationship ended, in part, because I was not taking care of myself and was ill all the time and, in part, because the guy fell out of love with me and back in love with his ex. He described her as crazy, psychotic, and cold, but went back and is now, apparently, happy. She contacted me saying how much he loved me/basically interfering  and he broke up with me via text and then (a second time) while I was driving over the phone, so I suppose they deserve each other. I don't want him, but I do feel like I'll never be able to keep a remotely decent guy long-term without being a severe burden and I've found an amazing man. He's not yet in love, so I could leave him and save him the trouble of a sexless, caretaking marriage or whatever if it got to that. Frankly, I feel like a burden to everyone. I can't kill myself because the loans I have from school would go to my family, and I can't do that to them or to my dog-I've lost multiple people. I just want one year when I can have spontaneous sex with no pain, not see a doctor, and not have anyone die tragically or leave me. I only want one year. The hopelessness of that is starting to get to me and sometimes I really do feel like the only way out of this illness is out for good. Again, not a threat and please help those who need it more first. I just need some support. 