in the in betweenon one end, i am free. i am controlled. i am rational. i am in love with myself. i smile. i recognize there are good things in life. i can breathe. i feel present and not like the glass is half empty. but on the other end, i am so sad. i am riddled with anxiety. i recently had to move back in with my very toxic family after living on my own for a while. quit my job bc the pandemic was making it too stressful to keep working. lost my partner. lost two of my closest friends. all bc of my mental health and my inability to trust. i wish i didn’t put up this brick wall in hopes that someone would crash it down and save me. i’m so tired of being like my mother. the way i treat others is how she has treated me and everyone else my whole life. i’m sort of at my wits end. i wanna go back to therapy but at the same time i’m so goddamn tired. i feel like an elephant is stepping on my chest. i’m just sitting thru my days waiting for them to go by. i recently got some gabapentin and just been taking one the last couple of days and it helps me chill out but honestly i’m over doing fuckin drugs tbh. i’ve abused myself, others, and substances since i was 13 years old. i turned 22 yesterday and all i wanted to do was swallow the entire bottle, drink a tall boy, and let myself fade into the night sky. but i didn’t. i have this deep inner voice that keeps me here. that remembers all the people i love even if they don’t love me back. i don’t want to hurt anyone. i don’t wanna make ppl feel like they aren’t allowed to leave me or else i’ll kill myself. but truthfully it hurts to think about the future. it hurts to think about myself rebuilding a new life with new people and new stuff. the memories haunt me and honestly i feel so sad to have lost everyone i was so close with. they were some of the coolest people i think i’ll ever have met. but my mental health is literally just too reckless. i don’t know why i can’t stop reacting to things the way i do. i think people would be better off without me but that’s so damn cliche but i know for a fact if i killed myself it would cause so much pain and i feel like a lot of ppl would feel betrayed by me which would only make me feel like a failure from the dead just like i do while i’m alive. it’s tricky. i honestly wish i could hold everyone i love and kiss them goodbye and tell them that it’s my time to go. i wish it was the norm to just kill yourself if u didn’t feel like u could keep going. idk. i feel like my time is up. i know i’m young and smart and i’m sure i could offer such grand things to the world and i know i could live this shit out beautiful and go hard and go fast n find more meaning. but at the same time i’ve like made up my mind about myself. i love myself so much that i wanna take myself away from this all and that feels weird to say or admit. i don’t feel like i need to be saved. i don’t feel like i need to cry out for help bc i know nobody is coming. nobody can SAVE me. only i can. and i feel like death is the only answer to that.