Please Help!I met this guy back in Jan 2011 after him and his girlfriend broke up. Maybe i was a rebound girl but at the time i didnt think i was. We met online on craigslist to be exact and the next day we met up. He wasnt my type physically but the more i was around him the more i was attracted to him. 

We had instant chemistry and before we both knew it i spent all of my free time with him. Going on dates and just hanging out at his house. Before I met him i was clean from oxycodiine for about two years. When i met him, he was doing it for fun. I decided to started doing them again, but my body would reject them everytime to the point that i would vomit. He never pressured me to do it but he asked, its my own fault to accept the invitation when he asked. So one day he sent me a pic of oxy's and a white bag full of cocaine and i told him to save me some. He bought some for valentines day and i absolutely loved it. Pretty soon he was buying it for us every weekend then sometimes during the week. Cocaine made us open up to each other in a way i cannot describe.

 That was our first mistake. This story gets pretty intense to the point that i get upset. I became so attached to this man, we started doing everything together including coke. I even ditched my friends to spend more time with him. Well early in the relationship he gave me his password to his email, i guess that was a form of trust. So 3 months after we started dating there was a slight change in his behavior so i started checking his email regualrly. 

I came across links for a dating site so i logged in, it happened to be the same password as his email. He sent emails on the dating site to multiple woman. I caught him, but he denied and he still denies it til this day. He said someone is out to get him and it happens all the time. But his email goes straight to his phone so he was busted. So that was the start of everything. He wasnt always bad he was very sweet at times but many other times he was very rude and cold hearted and i just couldnt handle it at times. He did it so often he didnt realize. 

So once he gave me the key to his house, i thought he would change. But it just made me more suspicious. I found another dating site called him out on it he admitted to it. We decided to work it out but he warned me. He said "Im always going to be an asshole" I knew what it meant. But i never felt so deeply for a man the way that i felt about him so i stayed. He taught me so many things, and he kept me balanced. We would go bowling and just laugh, go out to dinner and talk for hours. 

Then everything went south. He was the manager for his place of employment. He started to get addicted to the oxy's so he was stealing money from work to support his habit. He got so far behind but unfortunaely he told me when he was so far in debit. I was paying my own rent at the time so i couldnt really help him. I bought him oxys on 5 different occasions bout 5 at a time. I even got a bottle from my father one time. And he ate the whole bottle in 4 days, about 60 in there. I was by his side on about 6 occasions while he was withdrawling and it hurt my heart. Thats how much i loved him.

 I found him a suboxine doctor and i thought he was going to change his life around. So i started looking through his phone. He started talking about me to his ex girlfriend of 8 years, mostly wasnt true. He would tell her things i did but never took the blame for anything. Started talking about me to his friends from work. Found text messages to his friends where he wanted to get with his friends mom so bad. He would go on gay dating sites and post ads on craigslist saying he wanted to suck a dick. He started crossdressing and i found pictures of him in his ex girlfriends clothes and shoes. 

I started snooping big time to see what kind of man he was. I knew something was up because the only time he gave me sex is when i asked for it. He kissed me on his own once in a blue moon. So i did what i wish i didnt do. I did a whole back up on his phone to retrieve deleted text messages and internet history. I will not post what i found but lets say that he was living to separate lives.

 One night it all build up so i kept punching him. I definitly regret it but he just kept lying and lying and i wanted the truth. He just said that he was messed up in the head. Its been a week since i been there and im worried about him. I know for a fact he is still doing oxy's, he is there alone. He is still on dating sites trying to find woman and men. I hacked both his emails so no matter how many times he changes his password i can get in. He finally got caught for stealing at his job and he got fired and lost his car. Drugs basically ruined his life, and he still does them. He is also on probation for selling drugs so if he gets caught doing one thing he is in jail. So i pretty much know he is in a dark depression right now. He needs a reality check. He hurt my heart so bad i was going to call his probation officer. I have the number but i cant do it. The only thing could help him is jail. 

Its crazy because even after i found all this evidence i still wanted to be with him. The last conversation we had i asked him if i could take him to Atlantic city but he was beating around the bush and joking. Then i asked him if i could take him to seaside and he was beating around the bush and being disrespectful by not giving me answers so i gave up and havent talked to him since. My whole point is if he was going to talk about me to his friends and go on dating sites why would he string me along? What was the point? He said nothing comes good from snooping. But does that make it right for him to play me? I lied to him about my job situation but it just seems that everything that comes out his mouth is a lie. I wish i had answers..... I dont think i could ever trust another man again. I never been suicidal until now. 