I don't want to exist anymore. I'm alive only because of guilt and sense of duty and I hate thisI have two beautiful kids (teenager and a bit younger one). They are the only reason I'm alive. I am counting down the days until the younger one will be old enough so that he wouldn't be traumatized too much about my death. 

In the meantime I'm fantasizing about making suicide to look like an accident so that I didn't have to suffer so long. 


I had a horrible childhood, I was molested by my father, he is charming and I think a bit narcissistic personality. He kills other people's pets for fun, has sudden mood swings and can't control his anger, sometimes he was shooting the gun inside of the house etc. Really unstable character. 
My mother is emotionless, cold, judgmental and cruel woman. She has never hugged any of her kids, she just doesn't want to touch anyone. My family was part of a religious cult, and I was able to escape only when I turned 27. My family disowned me after that. 

Now I'm 38, twice divorced, have ADHD, no stable income, ex-SAHM, studying in the uni to become an architect but not really able to finish the degree because of health problems (weak wrists,  have had problem with them for 4 years). I have been in intensive therapy for three years and before that 2,5 years. No money for therapy anymore unfortunately. 

I feel like I'm ... you know when sometimes walking in the forest you can see an ant that is crawling on the ground, barely alive, because someone has stepped on it? I AM that ant. I truly feel like if I would be an animal, I would have been put down already. I'm miserable most of the time. The only consolation is time spent with my kids, but I can't not do I want to rely only on them and I would love to have something else in my life besides them. I just don't know what it could be. I can't see any possible outcome for the future to be any better than this. I'm just so tired, I want to go sleep and never ever ever wake up anymore.


Sorry about all the mistakes, English is not my first language. Thank you for this subreddit, I just found this a minute ago and I'm really grateful for the opportunity of opening up to someone. It has been a horrible struggle since I had to quit therapy.