I can’t get therapy.I’ve been depressed and suicidal for about five years now (I just turned 17), and I have a lot of issues caused by past traumatic events. I’m in a really tough place right now, and I really want to get out of it. My parents don’t give a fuck about me. My boyfriend doesn’t give a fuck about me. My only friends don’t give a fuck about me. Nobody here cares about me. I’m homeschooled, by the way, so I can’t just “go to school and meet new people.” I am NOT going back to public school. They’re the reason I’m the way I am now. I need help. I need to fix my problems, but I can’t do it on my own. I need professional help, like everyone’s been telling me I need for the last five years. I don’t know what to do. I don’t have insurance. If my parents see me crying or if I tell them or show any signs of me being upset they get really mad and yell at me cause “I have no reason to be upset.” They only think that because they don’t know a single thing about my life. They don’t know the reason why I wanted to be homeschooled so bad (I basically got raped by my ex, and he got away with it. The whole school bullied me and called me a liar.) My parents don’t even know my favorite color. My dad is always at work or asleep, and my mom is a fucking bitch. She is always out cheating on my dad with younger, married white men. I include white because she’s racist and will not even LOOK at anyone of another race. Not even her own. Even if she’s home, if I ever try to talk to her she gets extremely mad at me because “she’s on Facebook.” No matter what it is I have to say to her.
Not only do my parents not want to help me, even if they did, we have no money. We’re really close to losing our house right now, so I have to GIVE UP MY ROOM AND SLEEP WITH MY MOTHER so that we can rent out my room and still keep the house. That is the LAST thing I want to do. I wish I could be older and have money so I could move the fuck out.
I am trying to get a job, but I know that until I get help, this will never work out. I’ve already been rejected three times.

I could go on and on and on and on about my problems, but that will get me nowhere. What I came here to do is ask for help. I can not afford therapy, and I’ve looked online for some sort of online therapy, and they’ve said I need face-to-face therapy and that online counseling will not work for my issues. I can’t afford therapy, and my parents will not do anything to try and take me.  I need help. Please. I’m suffering so much. My heart can’t take the pain much longer. I know it’s going to just stop one day. 