A ranting, scrambled confession.Somebody help me through this. I'm breaking down.

Firstly, I'm not above trigger warnings. I don't get them,  but I respect people that need them. So, yeah, I guess this may warrant a warning even if it's on here.

I need to disappear. I fucked up big time. I got drunk and said too much. I know that's something a lot of people do but, tonight, I admitted to something I'd been burying for two decades.

It was supposed to be a good night, sharing a drink with my mom to celebrate her retirement. But, I got drunk, I got depressed, and I got selfish and made it about me.

For context, my mother is an amazing and strong woman, but she's naive.

I alluded to my mother that my older brother sexually abused me. I was drunk. When she pressed, I  responded,  "I don't want to talk about it" repeatedly,  like a fucking idiot. I might as well have admitted it outright because she's not dumb.

You may be wondering, "What's the big deal? So what if she knows? Isn't it better this way?"

My older brother is her most sucessful child, she loves him and she had no fucking idea until now.

For decades, I told myself these were fucked up things I built because I'm fucked up. Because I'm a fucked up child obsessed with incest and my brother raping me. And I live in disgust and shame. I've ruined romantic encounters and relationships because I dissociate when confronted with intimacy.

A couple years ago, I finally admitted to my psychologist (at the time) that I seemed to experience things that would be devastating to the people around me; the people I still cared about at the time. 

Yes, at that time, I was still on good terms with my rapist that gaslit me until I didn't know what was reality. 

When I at long last confronted him, my brother admitted he had "violated and manipulated" me. Not "molested" or "raped". That we were "just kids" that didn't know any better. Like it was an exchange. He mentioned a specific event where he was 10 and I was 4 and I told him I don't remember that shit. He was much older. Old enough to know better and not do it repeatedly.

I haven't spoken to him in two years. What would I say? "It's convenient that you don't remember what I've lived?" What fucking proof do I have? 

Revenge haunts me. I want him dead. I've dreamed about it. But sometimes I'm holding the trigger to his head and making him kill me.

And how the fuck do I tell that to our mother?

All the confidence I built in that closed room with my doctor left me. I don't know what's real anymore. If I invented this, I'm destroying and dividing my family more than I already have.

If it's real, I'm letting a manipulative rapist surround himself with people that respect and trust him, just like I did.

I know you're not my therapist but I can't afford one anymore. I'm not going to last at this rate. Alcohol is a depressant. Not really great for depression.

Sorry for rambling. I think I'm still a little tipsy.

Just... fuck. I never asked for any of this. I want to die.