Never posted here before.I'm not sure if this is the right place. I don't have a plan, or really even know if I want to. I just know I want relief. 

Where to begin. Well in January I lost my "Jackpot" of a job. I was fired for being .1 hours over on missing work. I had a doc appointment and had to leave work one day early. The doc office never sent the "excuses atalossforwords00 from work" memo. I ended up having them send it after the fact and I'm supposed to have a hearing at the end of march about getting my job back. But really don't think it'll happen. 

In November I got pulled over for driving on a suspended licence. They towed me car and I was never able to get my car back because I couldn't afford it and couldn't ask anymore people to barrow money because I've already done so with way too many people. So I also don't have a car. 

Parents don't know about either of these things. They live in Florida Florida and I'm in Illinois. In September I ended a over 5 year long relationship with my ex. We went through a lot together. I would still take a knife in the heart for her. But the fact is I was sick. She couldn't be there for me the way I needed her to be, and I guess vice versa. So I quit using heroin in September. My parents have been so proud because of the sober time and my job. And I'm so so sick of breaking their hearts with bad news that I haven't been able to tell them. I can't stand it anymore, to be a failure and a fuck up. I'm 26 and all I have to show for my life is a high school diploma, a few tours in Iraq and a few bullshit awards. That was the only time I was ever proud of myself. Iraq was the only place I truly felt alive. The adrenaline of being shot at. Never knowing when and where bullets, rockets or mortars are gonna hit. Besides when someone got hurt, it felt amazing to be there. The feeling that I cheated death yet again. But even my time in the Army was a lie. Sure I served and fought. But in Iraq I was drunk or high as often as I could get my hands on it. Homemade vodka traded from the Romanian or British Army. Black tar heroin or Morphine from a few shady soldiers. Percocet, adderall and barbutal scripts here and there from doctors. 

Now I'm stuck living in this house with my brother and two roommates. One of the roommates owns the house and I am behind over a grand in rent to him. I feel like they all resent me. I feel like if I just died I would be given a huge relief and a burden would be lifted from those around me. At the same time, I've known 13 (no exaggeration) Soldiers who have committed suicide that I served with during my 2 years at Fort Hood and 2 years in Iraq. And I know from personal experience how awful it feels when they go. All the people left behind wondering why they would do such a thing. Every time I get the news of another suicide (most recent one was January 3rd this year) it hurts more than the last one. I would hate to have someone find my cold lifeless body, my brother has already done so when I died in high school after losing consciousness and fell into a tub and drowned. Obviously I was saved by his heroic actions of CPR, followed by a medically induced coma. 

I just want relief. I feel like I have to many issues in my life to be resolved. All I have at the moment is my sobriety and that has kept me going for quite awhile. Look. I don't think I'm going to just kill myself. But it has certainly crossed my mind. More than anything I just needed to get this out. 

TLDR: have a ton of financial, work and personal problems causing a lot of stress and me kind of wanting to no longer exist but not wanting to kill myself.