I’ve recently turned 18.The big one eight. Doesn’t seem like much has changed honestly. In 2019, on February 12th, I attempted suicide by OD on Prozac. Didn’t do much damage, just a terrible headache. Ended up with me in a long term residential treatment center for 7 months or so. Came home, had some struggles still. If I’m completely honest, I just got bored at the facility so I faked my wellness so I could be discharged. Now, about 5 months later or so, it’s around the time same time I attempted last year. No, it’s not because I’m alone and blah blah. I’ve been suicidal lately. Who am I kidding, I’m always suicidal. Just more than usual.

I want to OD on my Zoloft. I take 200mg, I got a refill so now I have about 30 pills. That’s about 6,000mg. Surely that’ll do some damage, yeah?
Here’s what’s stopping me:
What if I survive the overdose, but suffer severe consequences because of it? Not the whole, having to go back to a psych ward and such, I’m talking medically. What if I fuck up an organ and I have to live with that for the rest of my life??
If I’m honest I’d go for a gun and just go that route, but I don’t want my parents to come into my room and see my brain splattered on the wall. Especially my mom.
I want to die “peacefully”
But of course theres no way of that, especially if you’re young and healthy and just wonna kill yourself lol. 

Idk, I’m just ranting on here since I have no idea what to do. No, I’m not gonna call someone and tell them I’m suicidal. The last thing I need is for police to knock on my door and worry my parents.

And what sucks even more, is that my parents have lost a child already. A year old baby. My brother. He passed due to rare medical conditions that doctors couldn’t diagnose at the time. Really, the doctors didn’t know wtf to do. My dad still has a hard time with it to this day. He’s a military dad. He’s seen some shit. I don’t want to make my death worsen his life.

Yes, I know this is selfish. But then again I think it’s the most selfless thing I can do? Idk. It’s very contradicting. 

Idk why I’m here. Like, on reddit, bitching and boohooing about my life. It’s not even that bad. I’m not in poverty, I’m not abused. If anything I’m just sounding ungrateful lmao.