They drew a rope around your neck to watch you dance the jig in death....Let's see how this works, but if this is anything like my r4r posts, I'm not going to get any responses. I don't have much faith in other people, or in myself. I'm lying here on the floor with a bungee cord around my neck. If I hook it onto the post behind me, I'll cut off my air flow, or however it works. Then all I need to do is wait one minute. I've decided If I can wait one minute, I'll pass out and the rest will happen in my sleep.

My ex keeps texting me. She's such a good person, and she's so nice to me. But I fucked up that relationship, and toward the end she let me know it, in the form of one long email detailing my manipulative, passive-aggressive tendencies, how I always restricted her, how all my life I was an asshole and I hurt people and took advantage of them. And she's so right. Afterwards she apologized and said she was just angry that I didn't come see her before she moved away (I'm so stupid!). But I think she hit on something. I'm such a horrible person. And now she's trying to keep alive some kind of friendship, but everytime she texts me I get this overwhelming urge to kill myself, and I just start crying wherever I am. Like at work. And work is bad too. And I'm all alone. I lost my best friend and my rock, and I don't think I can ever find a new one. The confidence I had when I met her was based upon a false perception of myself that she helped me overcome. But now I'm broken. I cry every day, even when she doesn't text me. I'm always depressed. I NEED to kill myself. The only thing I can think that would make this better is finding someone else who will love me like she once did, but I doubt that's going to happen. Nobody loves a depressed guy. Especially one who's balding and ugly as sin. And even if I did trick some unlucky lady into loving me, I don't think I could live with myself knowing she's stuck with me. And I used to want kids one day, too, but now I don't even think I do. They'll be just like me. I don't want to bring any more monsters into this world. I just selfishly want my own pain to end.

Every minute or so I hook the bungee cord onto the post for a few second, then unhook it, the next minute a few seconds more. A suicide prevention guy told me not to edge, but it's the only joy I get. Please somebody date me.

Sorry this was so incoherent. I'm in a bad place right now. If you respond, I'll read your message, and I'll definitely appreciate it, but I'm a shitty person and I'm depressed and it's hard to reply back. Please don't take it personally. And all I really did was whine about myself, so why am I thinking you will or should respond. Sorry. Please date me. :(