22M Stuck in a cycleBackground: Bullied severely from ages 6-12. Bullied lived 5 second walk across the road and went to the same school as me. His bullying caused others to join in and the authorities and school were made aware but living in an Irish catholic society, there was no help given to me and it was never stopped. I fell into a lot criminal and anti-social behaviour in my teenaged years and began smoking weed at 15. I became a frequent user, spending all of my money on it (what little I had, I live in poverty) and from the ages of 18-20, while in counselling every week, I spent 95% of that time sitting in my room smoking and contemplating suicide while thinking I was going to go to jail for my past crimes. I failed 2 college courses during this time. I didn't end up in jail, the judge saw hope in me and gave me a suspended sentence. I eventually got out of my rut, stopped smoking and got into fitness. I even met my first real girlfriend (end of 2013 on new years) and passed a 1 year college course last year.

Fast forward to christmas past, my mother had been sick with cancer and died on christmas eve. During her deteriorating stage, I began smoking again (weed+tobacco) and stopped exercising. I was in my second year of college but dropped out after my mother passed. My girlfriend stayed with me for a long time, throughout the freakouts. She smoked weed too which kind of enabled me. around 6 or 7 weeks ago we split up, she told me she had cheated on me in the past. I was sitting at my mother's grave when she rang me and told me, I felt like I had lost the 2 people I loved the most in the space of half a year. I've given up weed and tobacco again since and am getting back into exercise. I've lost most of my friends recently too, one of them was toxic to me so I cut him out, the rest kind of followed him.

But what I want to know is how, when faced with a traumatic experience, I can deal with it in a healthy manner? I don't want to get my life back together again just for it to fall apart when times get rough. How do I increase my coping skills?