Just tried making a post a few times and I can barely put my feelings into words now..Since I expect no help I don't even know why I'm posting, mainly because I have nobody else to talk to about this stuff anymore.

I've just started self harming for the first time in 4 years again.. because I want to die but I'm too scared to go through with it. Every time I decided before I was reluctant, I wanted people to try and stop me and thought I might be able to get better if they did. 

Now.. I'm still scared but I'm 100% sure things are fully fucked up for me. I've become negative, disconnected, judgemental, self centred, paranoid.. basically everything I hate about a person.. That's what I've become.

Nowadays I hang out with my neighbour or anyone that pesters me, but it feels like I'm being dragged along, I'm 20 years old, my confidence is non existent, can't get a partner because of my instability and insecurity. My insecurity is so bad on a level that hearing my voice played back or looking in the mirror when I'm in a certain mood can bring me to tears.. But at the same time I'm very good at "playing normal". So nobody knows what's up mostly.. I don't even come across as /that/ anxious to somebody who doesn't know how to recognise it I think.

Difference now is I really want to die. I question everything about myself, feel confused, sad, abandoned, bitter, guilty, I act impulsively and have no sense of responsibility.. I wish I at least understood myself a little bit more. I can't get over negative situations too, anything that might make me a little paranoid of a friend or even just falling out with someone I care about.. Things like that destroy me emotionally too.

I'm not really asking for much advice or anything, but wondering if maybe anyone relates. I know for sure I haven't met anyone that I feel quite as nuts as. Especially considering I desperately /want/ to be... Normal... Yet I refuse to, I know it's my fault... I can't/won't, rather give up... But I keep putting a burden on other people.

I can never stop overthinking stuff like this...

Edit: I guess I've gotten worse at articulating stuff over the past year or so as I've drowned my sorrows in marijuana and generally let my overthinking mess with my head. I'm generally just tired of trying. I guess logically I know suicide is my best option in every way, yet I'm still so scared to do it because I know how much I used to love life, but I can't get over all the crap. I know I won't ever get over it.. I just wish I could come up with a way to die nicely now I guess. Since thinking about pre-death pain in a botched suicide makes me feel like I'm gonna have a panic attack. Suicide in the UK is hard.