Nobody would believe me.1. As a kid, at first I valued being a good person more than the average kid.

2. Everyone abused me. Not figuratively. **Literally** everyone. Adults and kids alike. Everyone was cruel to me, long term, and misled me away from the right path. They mocked my innocence and innocent ideals about trying to be a good person. Everyone mocked me for it, saw it as a weakness, and punished me for it.

3. I reached my limit. I accepted that my ideas were wrong, and their way (which was actually abuse) was right. I made mistakes. Then I realized they all misled me! But it was too late, I'd already made mistakes based on wrong assumptions about right and wrong.

________

*"Bu bu bu you have to take responsibility for your actions."*

*"Bu bu bu now you're just making excuses."*

Some environments you cannot come out of without making mistakes. Nobody will believe me that I had no harmful intent but was really just misled because of the criminal neglect of the people around me, giving me just enough information to hang myself but never the full picture.

Unwitting is the key word. And they kept me in that state. On purpose.

I wanted to be the good guy but was pushed into being the bad guy.

Nobody would believe me. Nobody would even listen, because any bad guy can say the same thing as me.

I still do feel immense remorse for my actions, but at the same time I was betrayed by the people in my life who made it so I knew nothing other than abuse in my life.

Therapy can't change the past. Alcohol can't change the past. Revenge can't change the past. There's no forgiveness or redemption available because you're not allowed to make excuses, nobody gives a shit to even listen if they're actually valid. And if nobody listens to the excuses, then they don't know why you made those mistakes, so they think you're just "evil" or "a monster" (hint: the excuses explain it if you would just listen, assholes).

The world chewed me up and spat me out. All I ever wanted was to be a good person. But the universe didn't want that for me.

So I guess this is it.