Need help for friend going through nasty divorce + child support.I'm hoping to find some help with a friend of mine (just gonna call him Bill here) who's been going through several months of a nasty divorce who just tonight sent me a text "If anything happens to me, here's my login to my things. I don't know if it's worth living anymore". I know he's been going through some very bad times lately and this divorce is draining him on cash so I don't even want to know what he was thinking of doing. I just had a gut reaction that he was going to do something tonight. I responded and so far it looks like it's more like if anything in the future happens, but I'm still worried for him in the near future. He's just going to sleep and didn't intend to worry me so much he just had a breakdown. I want to go and explain much further about his situation, but i fear that someone on his ex's side would find this and somehow try to use it against him.  


But in short, he's fighting for iirc. partial custody and already has some figures spelled out for his portion of child support, but the ex (let's call her Ann) her parents is really pushing much more. Ann's family and friends have been harassing Bill to just accept her terms, extending court dates to the point he can't afford a lawyer any more, and now Bill can't borrow any more money from family. I already think i'm telling too much at this point, but Ann herself has done things before the divorce even started that seriously make me and both my parents think she's unfit for a child, but since my friend no longer has a lawyer, i don't think he's gonna win. And i really don't wanna think he'll do if that happens. He's just go so many things going against him right now with little support from.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm sorry if this was a little hard to follow, i'm not very good with putting everything down to words especially when it comes to something this serious or so late at night. I won't be able to reply to any comments until tomorrow afternoon. I just really needed to get this off my chest. 