I'm trying but I'm lostSorry, I don't know how long this will be :P. I'm anxious to post this as well, sigh. I'm going to mention I'm in my last year of high school so I'm trying to focus on revising and work too.

I have depression and anxiety and a couple months ago I was ready to commit suicide. I no longer self harm and I haven't gone back to the bridge I was going to jump off since then and I'm working with a social worker to go back to therapy and get medication. There's also other stuff in my life, which I guess is serious, that I need to learn to deal with or get past which I'm not going to mention here. However I'm going to say that one of my sisters took drugs which led her to having schizophrenia and when I was 2 she committed suicide after multiple attempts in the past. 

I've recently started talking to someone properly. Like, I've talked to them in the past when I see them but not a lot but they told me they have attempted suicide multiple times and that they have schizophrenia, which of course immediately made me think of my sister and I guess I'm thinking that I can't let what happened to her, happen to anyone else. They refuse to go to therapy as they had a bad experience in the past with it and refuse to take medication as it makes them angry and they don't want to hurt their friends. I don't know what i can do to help and if something happens I wouldn't be able to forgive myself.
I'm worried what I say might make them worse as I obviously know from what I've experienced how easily suicidal people can read into small things. I know all my close friends have mental illnesses and I try an do what I can to help them through it and help them feel better when I can. I know someone who gets abused as well and I worry about them all the time as I am not able to get in contact with them. I've tried to tell them to talk to childline or something like that but the last time they did, it made it worse so they won't. I feel so lost as to what I could do to help these people and deal with what I'm facing right now too. I know that sometimes I should help myself first but I can't. I'm the type of person to help everyone around me first because I don't want them facing what I have. I'll choose to fake being happy before showing how I feel to anyone, even the people I am closest too. 
How can I even try and make myself better when these people are going through so much, but how can I try and help them if I can't even help myself. I just feel hopeless at this moment in time. Like, helping people, which to be honest feels like most of the time, is draining me and by the end of it I don't have any energy left to fight my own thoughts so the negative shit is just let into my mind I guess? If that makes sense? I know it sounds selfish but I don't know, its what I'm thinking. I wish I could just have all the problems they're going through instead of them because they don't deserve it. 