I keep reliving the same nightmare and it's killing me.I just need to get this out in some form.

I've had trust issues for a long time in romantic relationships, starting at about 15 years old. Im 30 now and still dealing with the same shit. In the past 15 years, I've had 5 breakups and they all had to do with me and my trust issues. Basically I'm a flight risk. Constantly in fight or flight mode and I'm exhausted all the time. I'm afraid of being made a fool because I have been so many times.

Every breakup makes my trust issues worse. I don't know how to heal without a partner who will work with me.

Today my boyfriend and I broke up. He is the sweetest, gentlest, and most patient person. And he's over my shit. And it stings. He told me my highs and lows scare him. He told me he doesnt want all my problems to become his problems. He told me he thinks I believe all my problems will be solved if we're together.

I was speechless. I feel squashed. I'm offended to my core. I'm angry that people flatter themselves like that... that I'm only ok if we're together. Like it's impossible for me to want someone without needing them.

I won't say I'm surprised because I was afraid he was pulling away, which of course made me pull away and everything got too difficult. I'm tired, though. Why do I have to be ok all the time? Why is it not ok to not be ok? I've never judged another person for being low. It stings so bad to have my partner lose love for me because of my lows.

I understand the weight of my issues is heavy and no one's responsibility but my own. I just cannot stand being here again. Again. Fucking again. At 30.

I've been working so hard to improve my life and I still get hit by the bus.

I want to be loved for all my crazy and my cracks and bruises. I want to be taken care of for once. I'm so homesick for a person that doesn't even exist. Im embarrassed to be left again. To have lost love again. For another person to never look back on us and think, wow she was the one.

This feels like hell, experiencing the same thing over and over. Im exhausted. I feel so done