How do I help my increasingly suicidal step-son?I originally posted this in /r/parenting, and someone there suggested that I post it here for additional advice. Here goes.

I have two beautiful step-sons. One is in pre-school, the other in kindergarten, and they both live with their mother the majority of the time. I have no idea what their life is really like there, and I can only go off of what they say. While their interpretation of events may be skewed by their youth, they do know how it makes them feel.

The divorce between my husband and his ex-wife was not pretty. He was the primary caregiver for them, while they were together. The kids were kept from him completely when she moved to get a divorce, with months going by without his being able to find them. Visits began after initial court involvement, but then were revoked by her without warning. We had to get the courts involved again to get visits, which were granted without reservation. Because of a mistake made by the first lawyer we had, we cannot sue for full custody unless something drastic happens, or so we have been told by everyone we've approached.
The kids both have behavior problems and difficulties controlling their emotions. This is fairly normal, and a bit expected for what they've gone through. At least, this is what the literature I've read says.

Four months ago, their mother came forward demanding the children receive counseling. All family members were supposed to receive counseling as terms under the original separation agreement. My husband has been asking her to get the kids into counseling for two years, quite vocally. Allegedly, they have an appointment, but we have not been informed of with who or when. It could be months from now, as far as we know.

The oldest declared about a year ago that he sometimes feels like dying. It was brushed off by both the courts and his mother when we told them this. Yesterday, he told my husband and I that "sometimes, [he] feels like killing [himself]". My heart is breaking for this kid asking desperately for help. No one listens me or their father when it comes to how awful these kids feel.

As a child, I had similar thoughts and had the follow through to attempt it. I fear he will do the same.

CPS has run an investigation, but does not seem to have any interest in getting directly involved unless something terrible happens. As far as I'm concerned, that's too late.

Their step-father has PTSD, and I do not know if he's receiving the help he needs. I have been told that he yells in the kids' ears. Inquiries about bruises receive silence from the adults and tales of grabbing roughly by the kids. The oldest, always quick to point out a lie told by the youngest, sits silently when he says such things. We photograph them and send them onto the authorities.

The kids have also said that they were told that the CPS agents were bad people who would come to take them away from their real parents and that they'd never see mommy or their step-father or their grandparents again if they said anything.

We discovered the day before that both children know where their step-father's guns are kept. I do not know if the proper safety measures are being followed, and I can't verify if they do know where the guns are, or even if there are guns. Inquiries about their home life are met with silence. Stories the children tell indicate that they may have vast swaths of unsupervised time where the adults just watch television.

I don't know how to help my step-son. I've told him how I struggled with similar feelings and how I was taught to deal with them, and he seems to believe me that it gets better... but I don't know how much this will comfort him when he's alone and in a bad situation.

I feel hopeless, helpless, and like I'm failing him. What do I do?

TLDR: My kindergarten age step-son has confessed to me and his father that he feels like dying. Yesterday, he confessed that "sometimes, [he] feels like killing [himself]". Clearly, his mental state is getting worse. His mother, the courts, and CPS don't seem to take it seriously. What can I do? What do I do?