This is just a stupid rant about how much I pity myself and I’ve spent all day doing fucking nothing and I hate itI’m falling apart and have been for much too long. Yesterday I left work early for fear of having a mental breakdown and today I called in. 

Yesterday when I got home I bought cigarettes. Been trying to quit, but aren’t we all. It was nice outside so I just sat for a while. You know that depressed daze where all you can think about is how shit everything is and you just want to die? I just kept myself sitting there because I knew if I just sat there I wouldn’t be able to kill myself. I had a few hours until my bf got home and I’d be safe from myself, so until then I just sat. 

While I was sitting, a little boy who lives in my apartment building was outside with his mother. He was ecstatically playing and exploring. He couldn’t have been more than 2. He ran right up to me, oblivious to the horrible pain I was experiencing, and said, “Hi! How are you?” I could barely understand him, I don’t think he knows many words yet. How am I? Man I was dumbfounded. Finally I found words and broke out of my daze, at least for a second. “I’m good, how are you?” His mother smiled and told him to say, “I’m fine!” After that he ran off and she went after him. I’m glad I had sunglasses on because the encounter made me burst into tears. I was so jealous of that boy, he seemed so happy. I also felt terrible for him because one day his innocence will be ripped away and he will discover the horrible state of this world we’re living in. On top of it, hardly anyone knows I’m feeling this way, but he just seemed to know. I mean he obviously didn’t, but I swear his eyes were asking me if I was okay, if he could help me. It was so strange.

Today I called in and I feel terribly guilty. I’ve just been sitting around my apartment trying to convince myself that it’s okay to take a day to take care of myself. Except I’m not taking care of myself. I haven’t eaten, I’ve smoked far too many cigarettes, and I’m afraid to move for fear I’ll just go grab a razor blade and slit my wrists or take my belt out of the closet to hang myself. 

I know I need to go to work tomorrow. I need to stop taking sick days just to mope around. I’m going to try to go in early tomorrow to catch up. I’m going to try to stick it through, no leaving early, and I’m going to try not to cry at any point during the day. Holy fuck it’s gonna be hard though. I just feel like a worthless piece of shit. 

My bf will be home in a few hours again. I’m just gonna hug him and cry. I was hoping today would be a day to help me feel better, but I think I only made it worse. I keep thinking I’m going to get chewed out by my boss tomorrow, but that’s completely unrealistic, right? We have sick days so we can take them when we need them, and if I’m feeling this way I definitely needed one, right? I’m just trying to justify my dumbass fucking feelings and actions. I don’t know what to do anymore, I’m just a ball of anxiety and pain and I want it to stop.