The planet is worthlessThis is just a bunch of people ripping each other apart and beating each other senselessly. It's just this giant fucking competition, this unrelenting shitshow where some people will always win and some will always lose; it's rigged, on purpose, and we have to pretend it's not, just put in a few more quarters, pull the slot a few more times, surely it will at least throw a few coins out this time.

I don't get it. Everywhere I look it's just people tearing each other down, ripping each other apart, spitting on each other, laughing at each other, mocking each other, and treating each other horrible. Everyone thinks they're so much better than everyone else, and the ones who don't get relentlessly abused until they kill themselves or die of exhaustion. Then some symmetrical body comes along and we shower it in validation, pleasure, and happiness. For having a specific body shape, that, ultimately, is the merit of a human. Nothing more, nothing less. This is what we reward and cherish.

I don't get it. I understand, after reading history, that we are a horrible species that engages in awful acts more often than not, but why do we pretend? Why do we pretend? We can't even talk about this, we have to pretend everything is wonderful. That all these people pumped full of psychiatric drugs are simply imbalanced, it's not this joke of a society, everyone hormonally imbalanced and no longer in touch with themselves, just following what everyone told them to follow, a bunch of willing lemmings falling off a cliff for fear of being labeled an outsider.

I can't blame them, at least there's some degree of companionship in that; there isn't a lot here. My family is more or less abandoning me, there were always so embarrassed by me, more concerned with how I came off to their friends than my person, and I don't blame them, but I'm just realizing how many opportunities they themselves had, that those around me have, that I never will. These aren't the sort of things that just show up in a life, more like every three lives in a family. You need to take them when you can, this one is being thrown off the boat for not being correct.

I can't blame them, it's not like my peers see differently. They're either intimidated or find me a chump. Nothing in between, couldn't get bonding, respect, friendship, love, physical or mental intimacy if you put a gun to my head. In fact, could you do that?  That way everything would be fixed, I'd be dead, no longer using resources, no longer whining, no longer bitching about the slot I can't find, the role I don't have beyond that of the lowest of the low. That sounds nice; I wish I was strong enough to kill myself. I wish I could have power over something, even if just that, for just a second. Power. Empowerment.