I didn't choose to be depressed; depression chose me!Despite going to therapy, psychiatrist, and coming here to post every now and then to get solutions, I do not feel that my depression is getting any better. I have been taking some medication, but it only helps to a superficial degree. I need something more (much more), but I’m not getting it anytime soon. I'd be bullshitting myself if I was to say that my whole worldview has changed.

My girlfriend of over 4 years has left me because of my depression (as if she didn't have her moments). At first, our relationship was based on love, but passing through the years, I realized that she made it more about money and expenses rather than always rekindling love and reminding each other of it. It's like we expressed each other objectively rather than subjectively; emotions hardly existed anymore and not just because of me. I just don't know what her problem is because she doesn't communicate about it and she is so vague. Maybe she's confused or upset. I will never know because as of March 8, she has blocked me indefinitely (at least until she decides to unblock me from her life). I was depressed and wanted to die. She was like, “God wouldn’t give you a challenge you couldn’t handle” and “Grow up!” Instead of being compassionate about it (like I was with her), she just abandoned me like street puppy. There is absolutely no way of me to get a hold of her and try to reconcile our relationship. She was everything to me and I think I was nothing to her. :(

Another aspect of my depression is my strained relationship with my mom. I hate being mean to my mom. She treats me like a kid and I try to tell her to treat me better because I am grown (25 here). She’s matriarchal and manipulative. In addition to that, she allows her verbally abusive husband to say whatever the hell he wants to me for fear of her own dependency attachment to him (goes to show how much she loves me over him). -_- She's already in her early 60s and he's about to be 60, 6 months from now. But that's beside the point, the point is: this has instilled hate, anger, resentment, and bitterness in my life and reminded me how more people in my life only exploit me when they need me. I would never think of doing that to anyone, but others find it acceptable to do it to me.

I feel like chewing gum: you chew me a bit, absorb some of the flavor, pop a few bubbles, and then when you’re done “using me”, you spit me out. Always taking me for granted. Talk about “genuine friends.” I feel very pessimistic about the future because nobody cares. And I’m not referring to the people on the Internet or here on Reddit; I’m talking about actual people (face to face contact). I’m tired of making the effort to approach someone to make friends or be acquaintances. It’s always one-sided. It shouldn’t be that way; it just shouldn’t. Constant falsehoods and bullshit. I’m too old and sick of it. I will cut myself if I have to endure it again.

The only think keeping me going is getting my Bachelor’s degree (hopefully by August). That only gives me 4 months left to live. After that, I’m officially done with life. I had a whole plan for myself: graduate, apply for a decent job, become independent, save money, pay off debts, move with my girlfriend, and go from there. Now all of those hopes and dreams have been crushed. My days just keep on repeating with no progress: same routine, but different day. I get older, but it just goes on loop. If people actually cared, then they would make a concerted effort like I do, but they don’t; they’re too caught up in their own lives to even care about mine. And yes that might sound a bit selfish, but those who matter in someone’s life will have time made for them and unfortunately for me, that time is nonexistent. I count down the days…