i survived months of suicide attempts and suicidal ideation shortly after i fucked myself up from xanax and alcoholi've been severely depressed since my ex "left" me (i broke up with him because i was extremely depressed with him in my life, he cheated on me with a 13 year old girl, he was 20 at the time, i'm 20, and so i wanted to get back together after 1 day but he didn't want to).

anyway. i was bitter, i couldn't understand why he left with so many broken promises, and i felt like it was all my fault because he constantly blamed me for being depressed and i was mostly depressed because of him just being awful. a lot of blaming me for being sad when he'd lash out at me even though i told him to stop. he'd constantly justify it ("it was your fault i lashed out"). bad relationship. really awesome friendship. hard to detach.

i couldn't live with the reality of what happened. i didn't want to move on. i had to quit school for the quarter and go home. i was trying to hang myself daily and i cut myself probably twice all up my arm (cutting really doesn't work). i tried swallowing all my antihistamine medicine. didn't do anything but make me sleep for 24 hours on and off. i'm in therapy through all of this. started on lamictal for bipolar II for the first time. 

i went back to school for spring quarter because i felt *so much better* being states away from him when I went home for a full month. i saw him almost every day that first week in passing. he didn't say anything to me since he knows i reported him for his pedophiliac stuff after we broke up. i also was constantly telling him i wanted to die for like, a month straight. day after day suicide texts. i was serious every time and idk it's just hard to do short suspension trust me that shit does not work as easy as the internet says.

so after so much stress, i was prescribed xanax. the doctor said not to take it with alcohol in the system because it can slow your breathing.

so of course my first thought is finally i can just end my shit.

so I drank as much vodka as I could, alcohol really makes me gag when i smell it so it was pretty difficult, swallowed my whole xanax prescription, and then all of my antihistamine prescription (was supposed to be anti-anxiety i dont remember the name, HCL???).
took all the nyquil i had.

i blacked out for a full 24 hours. 5pm friday to 5pm saturday. i woke up. i didn't feel sick. i had some stuff on my face. my pillow had some stains on it. i think i threw up on my floor but i couldn't tell since this stuff on my floor looked like shit from outside not really vomit at all. two fully perfectly toasted pieces of toast in the toaster oven. i'm pretty disoriented. i can't walk that well. i notice my tooth is cracked. i shower and blow my nose and there's some dried blood. bridge of my nose hurts.

i chill out and live out the next few days. it gets sunny, i live in seattle, it's spring now. i ask professors for some extensions. i connect with some friends. i tell them what happened. i get support. i hang out with people every day in the sun. i stop going to therapy because i can't bear to unpack any more of what happened. i still take lamictal normally (75mg every day).

i don't want to kill myself anymore. the nerves in my tooth ended up dying from the impact so i got a root canal last week. my nose was a little bruised but not broken.

i got hired at an ice cream place and i start sunday. i applied for a fall job and i think i've got good chances. i took a class off my course load through disabilities services and signed up for summer session to continue graduating on time. i don't see him much anymore and even when i do i don't have an anxiety attack anymore. all my friends and his friends kind of know what he did and not many people like him anymore since it was creepy and i didn't deserve that so that's a little comforting.

but just so everyone knows, i survived the months of ideation. i was attempting suicide every day for the entire month of february and i tried to drink myself to death in march. by april i was uneasy and i felt like i finally had the means to die.

it's may. i'm sitting in the sun every day with my best friends and we tell each other jokes for a few hours. i go home when the sun goes down. i can't really eat or chew food right now but at least i didn't lose the tooth.

moral of the story: xanax and alcohol can fuck you up so don't do it. suicide attempts can fuck you up and it's really fucking hard to die. it's hard to get to where i am right now but boy if i'm not happy every time i walk outside in that warm sunlight with my music on, on my way to eat lunch with the best, i'd be lying to myself.
