Cut myself todayThrowaway for obvious reasons. I'm a dude. Don't really know where else to post, just want to vent.

I've been some form of depressed since I was 14 y/o. Hated myself ever since, with some good and bad episodes sprinkled throughout. I'm stuck in a very bad episode these days. I hate myself like no tomorrow, I see no future for myself (every version I visualize ends with me dying some way) and I feel unheard and unloved. 

I've tried talking to people around me, even my GP and a psychiatrist. Had a talk with my GP today but she just said to talk to my psychiatrist about it. 

I've been feeling so extremely numb and I have some extreme, permanent form of Dissociation and Derealization going on. I feel like I'm an observer of the movie that is my life, and I'm just going through the motions without feeling anything. Sometimes, emotions do come up, but most often it's just extreme anger. The feeling of wanting to bash in the first person's face I see. And then I feel guilty about those feelings again. And the self hate restarts.

I just wanted to know how it feels to feel something again, so I took a knife across my chest today. Just a few shallow cuts, just to feel something. Didn't really work, left some marks though. 

I feel like my life is so worthless nowadays. I can't connect to anyone on a personal level and everything just feels bland and dead. I feel dead inside already, and I'm thinking of suicide every day. No plans yet, just thinking of how I would do it, and why I would do it. 

I feel so alone. No-one seems to understand. Even my father (who has had his fair share of depression) just gives me advice, doesn't listen or try to understand. I've tried talking to friends, but they don't get it either. 'Just get over it', etc. I don't see a reason to continue living and I'm afraid I'll end it in a really bad episode soon.

Sorry for the long story. Just wanted someplace to vent. It still feels like it's someone else who wrote the story above... I don't feel like myself at all.