Please Tell me something. Its UrgentHere's my story: I a mechanical engg. graduate from India. I am fresher so i didnt got any job even after trying my ass off for months. I always wanted to be an Entrepreneur. I was smart, intelligent but real life certainly do not want these skill sets. I always shy to speak about my life to anyone but this subreddit is a great platform where i could actually share that i wanted for long and also right now i am on Zolpy10 pill which generally hinders your depression and makes you drizzy and relieved. 4 years ago- My mother got ILD (chronic lung disease) during my college. I decided to stay with my mom and also study. I did pretty well for years. Then, My father lost his job. My father was diabetic so the time came when we had to amputate his toe. I was simultaneously taking care of my father in hospital as well studying for my finals. Good thing happened that i passed my graduation with really good scores. Well it does not end here. Here, How the miseries of my life starts- We shifted from the place. I didnt get any job. My father job lost. So we decided to start a logistics business. We started and mantained for like a year but did nt find any profits and since we were running out of money and resources. We sold the carrier and business. Well It just dont stop here, My father who was so fit and brave,able to fight anybody for their family , dies due to sudden heartstroke. We were devastated. Few days later, One of my old friend called to ask me if i could partner with him on his website/blog. I agreed in order to feed my family. After 4 months of working my ass off for his website, The only thing that came in my hands is nothing. He sneaked away saying that i am not worth the effort. I literally wasted money, time, work for nothing. Now i dont know what to? where to go? how to? I was quite motivational guy but lets face it real life doen not work on some kind of motivational music or anything else. I wouldnt deny that my mind is gouging with suicidal thoughts. I dont know what could happen next. I lost consciouness, confidence, strength. I am writing this because of the pills that i took that helped me share whats beneath me.Its like there is nothing for me now. So I better leave. I beg you guys. Please help me.