Am I bad for trying to distance myself from my mom even though I’m moving to own place in March?My mom is mentally ill and suicidal and I feel bad for her but, I am also mentally ill and suicidal. In fact just this year I attempted twice and after the second attempt I was hospitalized. I can recognize though that I need to take the initiative for myself and want to myself. I've taken some steps to better my health and I will admit I could do more but, at least I can recognize what I'm not doing is on me and I'm still taking some steps to help myself it's not like I'm not doing anything.

My mom has a way out of her situation and many people willing to help her but, she is refusing to do anything about it. Meanwhile she expects other people to be at her beck and call mainly she expects me and my dad to do so. She is extremely needy and I can't go more than five minutes without her having a meltdown or her trying to hold me back in some way and threating suicide or using her sickness as her reason why. I told her I couldn't take it anymore that I couldn't take all of her issues on my own especially when I have my own issues and she's pouring it on me instead of helping herself. Her response was fine I don't care if you kill yourself even you my own son doesn't care about me.

More recently she sent my dad several texts begging for financial help and threating suicide. Me and my dad both pointed out she has many people willing to help her move to a cheaper place and she wouldn't have to be so desperate. We also pointed out if she moved she would have friends willing to give her emotional support and help her get professional help but, she has constantly refused. My dad as a way to help my mom offered to let me live with him temporarily. I am moving into my own place in March so I'm going away anyway. Not only that but I have my own issues and she's not helping herself but worse she's dragging me at least somewhat with her.

I brought the my dad's suggestion up to my mom and she threatened to kill herself if I left. A few days later I brought it up again and I reminded her again how it was her fault. She told me that she was sick and I pointed out that I had my own issues. She got mad and called my brother.

My brother took my mom's side and he told me to stay with her reminding me that she's sick and doesn't mean what she's saying and that I should stay with her until March. The problem is I am sick too and they both know that but when I say something mean to my mom I'm expected to apologize and take responsibility and when she needs help I'm expected to put everything on hold for her even if her issues are self made despite the fact that I am sick too. I point this out to them but they use religion to justify it saying it's not the same since she's my mom(I'm an atheist but they don't know I am). Finally over the last few days I got really fed up to the point where I was refusing to talk to her until finally I cursed her off and she started grabbing my hair and clawing my arm. We made up afterwards but I am tired of dealing with her.

My mom's issues are largely(but not entirely) self made and she's refusing to help herself and I have my own issues and while I could do more at least I can recognize it's on me and I'm at least doing something. I try to help myself instead of let her drag me own and my brother and mom both guilt trip me even though I have my own problems. I finally tell my mom her problems are not my responsibility especially if she refuses to help herself and my mom and my brother both guilt trip me saying my mom is not well even though they both know I'm not well either and so finally I lash out at her. Am I a bad person?