Really more of of a self harmer, but was directed here by a friend...sorry if this doesn't belong here...I'm not **truly** suicidal, so I feel a bit bad posting here. I don't think I would ever kill myself because it would destroy my parents, but I think the rest of my family and friends (the three I have) would get over it pretty quickly. I don't mean to sound all "oohh, I'm not important, no one loves me" - it's just that I really do think that, other than my parents, everyone would be able to continue their lives without being heavily effected if I were no longer in this world.

At any rate, I was directed to hereafter I divulged some information about myself. I have lurked here before under a different username, but felt I should create a new one, specifically for this. In general, I really don't feel like *killing* myself, per se, it's more that everything just piles up, and I feel like I need to escape from it - albeit, permanently. I don't necessarily want to die, I just don't want to deal with life anymore. Maybe this is weak of me, I don't know.

That said, I really don't know if I actually want to die. I used to self harm through cutting, and I still self harm through other, not-so-dangerous ways, and this has led to me sort of "accidentally" trying to kill myself. That is, I was cutting while I was in severe emotional turmoil (extreme self-loathing, feelings of worthlessness, not knowing where to turn, etc), and found myself cutting deeper and deeper because the small amount of pain was no longer helping. Somewhere within this emotional rage, I decided I just didn't want to deal with any of it anymore, and began to cut with the intent to bleed as much as possible. I think I just wanted to pass out, but I knew full well that it could kill me.

The blade I was using was not a very good one (fortunately or unfortunately, depending on how you look at it - you all will likely say fortunately), and I exhausted myself before I hurt myself too badly. I wrapped myself up with the intention of continuing later, but ended up passing out on the bed and waking up the next morning. The realization that I could have - and possibly even wanted to - kill myself terrified my more logical self. I haven't used a blade to cut myself since.

I'm sorry if this is way too much detail, or if I'm not supposed to talk about that stuff here, I just felt like this was relevant to how I'm feeling. Sorry if this is at all confusing, as well, I will try to answer any questions to clear anything up...