I think I have made a horrible mistake...Context: after I made the mistake of saying I had Asperger's when I never did, many people started to treat me in a child-like way, or as a snowflake/special needs person, so making friends (at least with the people who know) became nearly impossible.

I met a girl at college who said she wanted to be my friend, so I tried to talk to her a few times. **(Just wanted to be friends, nothing more, just in case).**

Eventually she started to left me in seen and not answer, but in class she would speak to me in a somewhat cooing voice, and she would ask me help in her homework or stuff like that.

One day, I had a terrible headache, and because two people in my class were trolling me all day I was about to snap, and that girl said: 

"Stop bothering the baby".

They told me I screamed at her saying: "I'm not a baby... And I hate when people treat me like a child!".

She just said "okay, okay, okay", and went back to her seat, and she stood with her face down for the rest of the class... I hurt her, and felt like shit after that...

Apologized two times, in the second one she told me: "I didn't treat you like that because I thought you were a child, I treated you like that because I cared about you like I do for others, but if you don't like it then it's fine".

After that she became cold and started to treat me with indifference...

My question is... Maybe people didn't care about me the way I wanted them to (like friends), but they still cared in their own way (more like acquaitances).

And I not only rejected that kindness, but I closed myself from them, avoided them, mistrusted them and thought they just treated me with pity or as a child because of that misdiagnosis...

I finished my fifth semester today, without making a single new friend on college (and probably I only have 1-3 friends there, but they're all far closer to other people than me).

Was I wrong? Have I been wrong and arrogant all of this time?

Not only with them, but with some old friends from high school who also changed and treated me differently, and some internet friends as well...

Did I toss their kindness away like garbage because they didn't treat me the way I wanted them to?

God, I feel like shit...