just a vent :&lt;at this point i'm only alive so i don't hurt anyone. my mental health is on a constant decline to the point where it's hard to see an end to it. everything just ends up back to struggle and pain. i have so much work constantly that never seems to end, my mother is abusive, my best friend has moved away… so much is just weighing on me and i'm so tired of it. and even when i am being supported, i can barely accept the idea that i'm loved because my brain tells me i'm being rejected constantly. i feel so fucking annoying and unlikeable and awkward and mean all the time. i'm so desperate for affection, recognition and love but i'm unable to ask for any of it, i just daydream about getting a hug.

the thing is, i have an escape. i'm meant to move abroad to join my best friend in june. that would seem like an ideal, but as time goes on i'm more and more scared. my friend seems to connect so much better with everyone over there than they do with me, and grow from being around them whereas i seem to hold them back or something. and it might be my mental illness talking but i feel like i'm being forgotten, and with good reason! the people there are less loud and annoying, are smarter, are funnier… they really don't need me. i'm perfectly replaceable. i'm not a jealous or possessive person at all, i just feel like when i arrive, i won't fit in and it'll just be another few years of me being rejected and a burden to those who love me. I want to go so badly but if that happens it'll crush me. i don't see a way out of this shit. i either stay and hate my life in the consistent way i do now and hurt the person i care most about and also probably off myself, or then leave and face being even more hurt by confirming my fear that i really won't ever fit in anywhere. all of my friends deserve better than me. i take up too much space, i'm irritating, loud, sad. i have good qualities of course but i'm sure my friends can and will find better. i've never considered killing myself as seriously as i do now.

i guess i won't though. that would hurt those around me way too much and they don't deserve that. they're not better off with me dead, they'd just have been better off never having known me at all.