Why is humanity so terrible??Let me start by saying I'm not genuinely suicidal. I was, and was on the verge of trying to end it. For almost two years now I've been at the point where I'm trying to hide myself from those feelings. It gets so difficult trying to keep in sight reasons to keep going.

Also, there's alot of generalisation in my post. I do realise that nothing applies 100%. It's the vast majority I'm speaking of.

Seeing humanity for what it is, among other things, got me where I am now. I don't mean to start an anti-society rant since that's not what this sub is for, it's just very important to me. It hurts so much realising how much all bad things that happen are fueled by greed. For the rich people's sake to just keep getting richer, the 99% are treated like a nuisance. The social structures that uphold sexism, racism, homophobia, transphobia, and just about anything that denies anyone that's ever so slightly off "normality" as "should be ridiculed" are being fought today, but so long as profits matter, true progress seems just impossible.

People's feelings aren't respected. Your average privileged human being is selfish, ignorant, incapable of caring about those that aren't close to them, and doesn't accept anything that doesn't fit their safe little bubble that they can live in so comfortably. When someone kills themselves, people say "their demons got the better of them". While tunnel vision is a factor, I feel it's unfair to use this to invalidate all those thoughts that are truly justified. Hell, it seems to be the norm to make fun of triggers like they're just some kind of self-loathing.

Anyway, back to my feelings. My whole life I've been bullied and scolded for crying. So much so that as much as I can tell I'm supposed to start crying, more often than not it doesn't happen. My throat starts hurting and I panic, trying to push it out, but it's impossible. I've talked about this with my therapist, but they merely acknowledged it with "well we can see why that is how it is" but it's never really addressed. The patriarchy and my social environment have broken me and I'm afraid it's beyond fixing.

To exist in this society, it's pretty much mandatory to live on jobs. Since several weeks I've come to the conclusion that I am a trans woman. I'm going to tell my therapist, but I'm almost certain he's going to dismiss it (he's in his 60s). This, combined with my severe lack of social skills and mental stability make it seem impossible for me to ever secure some sort of career to be able to survive on my own. There's no real attention for giving introverts a place in this society (once again, minorities are seen as broken).

I want to live. I want to be happy. I want to make others happy. I want to stop worrying about what everyone thinks of me, every step I take. I want to see options to change this society that doesn't care about anyone. The terrible state of society is often what makes people miserable in the first place.

I need people around me that understand things the way I see them. I've found them online, but I need them REALLY around me. Only then will I be able to not see myself as a mistake.



...so that was me venting. My question here is, what do I hold on to in order to not see the near-impossible as completely impossible. Life is all we have, and I want it to mean more to me than "being in a terrible place and making the best of it".