The meaninglessness of hope or the grim meat hook reality of timeI've had ideation of suicide since I was in high school. I have had counseling, psychiatrists, psychologists all telling me they trust that I am going to be successful in life and endeavor. And I've had success in almost every business venture I have ever had. The problem is I have not had such great success in the realm of my personal life. I am now in my 40s, I'm not married, no girlfriend. I've never really had a girlfriend. I've dated women and they have seemed to like me. Some I have dated for months at a time. But in all that time I have never had sex, I've never been truly acknowledged as having been a boyfriend. I have never had what could ever be considered a normal life relationship.

I know what you are thinking. This is just some goof feeling sorry for himself because he didn't get a girl. And while to some extent that is true, there is coming to surface things that may be somewhat causative. I had always thought about killing myself as time passed. But I would always say to myself, things will work out. I always felt like I would miss out on the great things that is just around the corner. The problem now is, there are fewer and fewer corners to come around. Like I said, I'm in my early 40s. I'm starting to realize that the only thing that was keeping me going has now nearly exhausted itself.

I have been coming to terms with the sexual assault I had as a child. I never really thought of it affecting me, but now I think it's really had a larger influence than I had ever thought. I was a boy of between 4 and 5 when an older neighbor boy 14 or 15 had me doing things. This is something that I have never admitted to anyone or will ever in person.

I have just come to what feels like the end. The idea of just blowing my brains out and making the biggest mess crosses my mind now almost daily. Everything that I once enjoyed, I simply can't stand to do. I have given up on playing and writing music, I've given up on going out, I hate the town I live in, but I know it's as good as anywhere. I gave up my job, because I can't stand someone bullying me with ultimatums anymore. I have essentially wound down every aspect of my life and I find myself not happy, not sad, not anything but a compressed, stressed, and disheartened man. 