Can't seem to 'get a grip'I've been really anxious and depressed for a couple of months now. Backstory; I was/am prescribed medication for this, but was unable to get a new prescription until Friday. I had a panic attack at work and have been on edge ever since. These thoughts of "wow, how easy it would be to jerk the wheel right into the guardrail" keep popping up. I seem to be riding waves (~30 minutes to an hour) of intense feelings of wanting to die to coming out of it and feeling like everything is going to be okay. I've attempted before (about 10 years ago) and I'm worried that I'm going to snap (very happy I don't have a gun). I'm extra stressed out and work keeps piling on a heavy workload. I don't know what to do. This morning I've imagined what my coworkers would wear to my funeral, if they would show up. I feel so alone, all the time, and everyone I've talked to has shown me pity or told me to get a grip. I've been berated and yelled at this morning by clients, my boss, my mother, and anyone else I've tried to reach out to. I was told by my boss that "I'm too far behind to miss any more work" I feel trapped and I feel like I am going to snap. I don't know what to do anymore. I feel like a failure. I can't seem to cope with this and everywhere I turn it's "buck up buttercup" and "you're so much more than these feelings" and I don't know what to do. 
Regarding my medication:
I had a lapse in health insurance and was unable to see my doctor, but it was okay, I had refills on my prescriptions. When they started to run out (about 2 weeks left) I tried to call the doc to get an appointment/refills. No one called me back, no matter how many messages I left. I tried calling the pharmacy to get them to ask the doc, they had no success. I tried to see my doctor, or at least walk-in to schedule an appointment but security stopped me.

I did manage to get a refill when I was at the hospital for my anti-depressants but my doc doesn't believe in immediate relief anti-anxiety medication. So I've been like suffering for over a year with this constant anxiety. But I can't find any docs taking in new patients and I can't miss more work. 