Should I hospitalizemyselfI fucked up. Ifucked up reallybad.

I decided to kill myself for my 21st birthday if I couldn't learn to function like a normal person and improve my life. I went from being homeless and binge drinking to being clean and living in transitional housing. I got husky health insurance. I schedule dmy first dental appointment I. Years.

I drafted my suicide note 2 days ago. In the last week I have had thoughts of suicide every few hours but I never considered on going through with it and rationally knew it was my mental illness talking.

However I'm pretty sure at this point due to a mistake today I'm gonna get fired. Like pretty positive. I had a panic attack at work and finished closing while crying and shaking, squatting every so often as things became too intense.everyone saw all my co-workers saw.

I left and tried totalk tot he manager who is my friend and ended up crying. He was silent the whole time so I told him some jokes and he laughed to make me feel better but I Madea fucking fool of myself.

It's been about 2 hours and since then ive made plans of about four different ways I can kill myself in the next 24 hours. I got up on my train platform hyperventilating and just managed not to jump. I decided to wait until tomorrow to see if I will really be fired, but the words I know the managers will say to me keep playing in my head. I am currently trying to figure out a way to kill myself when I get fired.

A train conductor tried to offer me a job but I am hopeless. I feel like this is the last thing I have in my life to pull myself up and there is no hope.

However, I feel like I am too much of a pussy to go through with it as I don't really want to die deep down, which is why I would hospitalized myself in the first place.

The last time I was hospitalized it was very bad for me. The hospital beat another patient in front of me and it sent me on a months long downward spiral where I was constantly petrified they would come and snatch me out of where I was.

I also don't want to become too distraught and kill myself however. I am starting to calm down but I don't trust myself and am afraid.