18 and just want to disappear as soon as possible.To make a long story short, I feel like shit and college doesn’t make me feel any better. Aside from this, I’ve never loved myself. Middle school dropped my self-esteem to the ground and now I can’t imagine anyone wanting to be with me. I’m struggling with my sexuality and my parents are homophobic so I can’t imagine coming out going well for me. I tried talking to my mom about how I was literally about to end everything and kill myself last semester but I just got yelled at and called ungrateful. She told me that people go through tougher shit than I have and that her and my dad are too busy to deal with my issues now. I’m always there for my friends when they’re down and I don’t talk to them about my issues because I don’t want to drag them down. I feel like I’m at a dead end right now and just want this semester to end already so that I can have at least some of this weight off of my shoulders. I tried therapy for about 2 years a while back and it was working but my parents made me feel shitty for going because each meeting with my therapist cost $60, so they took me out of it because it was expensive. I want to end everything but I don’t want my family to have to pay for funeral expenses and have them traumatized for life. I don’t want to leave my friends behind because I know that my death would definitely take a toll on them. Last semester, I was in an even shittier place to the point where I actually walked around my campus looking for big buses or trucks driving around so that I could jump into them and get killed, but the guilt of scaring the driver and those around me at that moment was too much for me to handle. I do feel better now but I can feel myself sinking again. I just don’t know what to do right now and I’m lost. There might be grammar errors in this but I don’t care. I just want to talk to someone, please. I don’t know what to do and I feel like a lost cause; it really seems like I will only last 18 years if I keep this roller coaster of emotions up.