My family is toxicI go over to my brothers house. They invite me over whenever I'm down from college.  I got over this time and its them and two of our friends. Though I guess their my brothers friends if we're honest. He and his wife have two kids, one is theirs and one is hers. I guess I got sad when the baby monitor went off and she said something along the lines of one kid being more of his kid than the other. Everyone was drinking but me because I wanted to drive home after and not be nervous. On a separate occasion we had a bonfire going and I pulled out a joint and it got my sister-in-law upset. My brother may have been upset but he didn't say anything, she went back inside and came back and that occassion went back to normal and I had a nice body high. On this particular occasion I knew I had to save face and say that I didn't smoke weed anymore. So, I got my chance when my sister-in-law confronted me in the house and said that I had made my brother really upset last time but that if I wanted to smoke I should go right now to my car to do it just so that he wouldn't know. I told her I didn't do that anymore and when she asked why and if I was serious I said "it doesn't align with my priorities anymore." Which is true, I haven't been in trouble with the police ever. I also am anticipating an internship and am trying to teach English overseas and it fuck me bad on those goals if they get me on possession. This was just weird that she was so pushy on me trying to get inebriated in some way. So, that encounter ends and then we're all on the back porch and everyones drunk but me when they ask me if I'd like beer. And I say no. Then they ask me what type of beer I like and I tell them. And then they say they're going to the gas station, I thought they were just getting more beer but not necessarily for me. My sister-in-law goes with my brothers friend and returns later with beer. She says "you owe me ten dollars" and I say "I don't have cash but I can Venmo you or bring it to you later." She says "thats not how we do it here." She says that they went to the gas station for me and that it was "house rules" and a "known thing" that thats "how it works over here." I got really nervous in my head and decided I wanted to leave. I thought that maybe I may br overreacting, but I kinda felt like she was being pushy to me to get drunk or high and I just didn't think I should because those are depressants and I already want to die. I drove home going exactly the speed limit and pet my dog when I got to my dads house. When I left she said with me in earshot "he's exactly like his dad." Which is like, well so what, and I know thats not true. My dads a stickler on money and would be emotionally abusive and controlling/manipulative over money. He still is kinda but none of us live under the same roof anymore and I have had a job since I was 13 so I didn't depend on my dad for clothing money for the clothes I preferred wearing (hot topic until I got to college, then jc pennys now). We're middle class I guess. My mom died a month ago and all I can think is that my sister in law is manipulative and so is my dad, and I just want to leave town but my dad is taking me to a beach for a couple days which will be nice. I'm learning to manage my dad lately and I don't let him cross the line anymore. I just am in such a bad head space and I've been having reoccuring thoughts of what if I found a way to die. I haven't taken any steps towards it, but its shit like this that makes me feel so isolated and alienated. I can't depend on this family for emotional support when I don't want to get shit faced, I just went over to make a visit. 