Just need to get some stuff off of my chest... Hi... Loooooooooooong time lurker, first time poster. 
 I have very little emotional support (and haven't for several years) and my only friend is suicidal. I was supposed to see her yesterday but I was so overwhelmed and lonely and worried that I stayed up all night, slept for an hour, then tried to go but fell asleep at a bus stop... I get insomnia quite a lot these days... I was scared for my safety so I cancelled, and it broke my heart because I can tell that she was really disappointed and I know she needed someone to talk to but I just... I don't know. If anybody knows what a lost soul like myself could do for her let me know because I'm scared of making her worse.
  In my last two years of college (I graduated a year and a half ago) I had some life experiences that nearly made me decide to commit suicide. I changed my mind at the last minute and returned home with my degree but was still pretty much still ready to die. I was so afraid of people, even people that everyone knows is going to be kind to you like waitors and desk clerks that finding work by any normal means was impossible. It took me five months to find anything, and it was over the Internet from home. The hours until recently have been really random and I am just barely getting by from month to month this way (I have made a little over four grand this whole year while most of my old classmates make that much in a month).
 I slept (and still sleep) and work in the living room while my severely mentally ill mother,  brain damaged brother and angsty, bitchy, manipulative sister argue loudly around me all day long. My bed sits above a newspaper-filled tray that the family dog pees in. I know it's gross but I have nowhere else to go for more than an occasional weekend. I leave my apartment maybe 5-6 days a month. This has gone on since I graduated. People know but most of them don't care.
 I am in a long-distance relationship with a boy but I am frequently confused by his behaviour. He runs hot and cold, lies quite a bit and his parents hate me, so I think we're fucked, but I still give it my best shot because I care for him and I obviously don't have many people in my life. I went through our old MSN conversations today and there was a time where he was verly clearly going to break up with me but I wouldn't have it... He kept on writing that it was because he felt that he would have to take care of me financially forever (because of my anxiety, and also because he was not a fan of my work... He didn't believe that I would "make it," I guess you can say) which is never what I have wanted, so I have never asked him for financial help as a result regardless of how bad things got (I even pay for my own transportation to see him, although I have asked to live with him quite a few times in moments of severe weakness and have always been told that I can't). Very recently my status in my industry has increased and our relationship became more emotionally open at around the same time, so I don't know if he feels this way anymore.
 For quite some time there were severe food shortages in my household (although it's not a concern anymore) and at one point we were nearly evicted from our home, and nobody wanted me to live with them. Even my mother said that she did not care what I would do with myself.  This happened a year ago. This combined with some other events that went on at the same time on top of everything else has made me come to really distrust people. I act really cold around people who could potentially be friends even though I crave positive relationships very deeply. I have dreams where I'm holding people every night and wake up in anguish over it.
 A month ago I tried to use an employment centre to get a part-time job (so that I could practice being more social and maybe use the money to have some good time now and then) and someone there scored me a job interview at an upscale hair salon... I was really tense all the way there, looked for the place for an hour in the rain only to fail, then cried all the way back on the bus. It was a pathetic scene and when I told her she said that I should try to go on disability for my anxiety... But I don't want to. I realize this sounds crazy but I want to keep pushing until I either have a normal life or I die. I have already made a lot of progress on my own. I am normal around most people now, but I always fuck up high pressure situations.
 Last week my father randomly decided he didn't want me in his life anymore. He was always an asshole (a worthless pathological liar and animal abuser who has stolen expensive things from me before and is currently in a physically abusive relationship with a prostitute with five children from five different guys) but he's still my dad so I always try to have a good realationship with him. He approached me in person and was very friendly but he got mad because I wouldn't work for him for free, so he cut me out of his life, maybe forever this time. I don't know.
 I have a major deadline for something that could make me or break me on the last day of this year. If I fail I can't see much of a point in continuing to live just because I know that I can't depend on others, and a person can only live in substandard conditions for so long. I had such a traumatizing college experience that I would be too afraid to ever try to go back for a new degree. I love what I do (despite the low pay) but I really feel that this is the only path that I have... My ability to do this has made me almost all of the friends that I have had since puberty, has attracted every lover that I have ever had, etc. I honestly believe that my ability to perform in this area precedes (and is treasured way more than) every other part of me and it's probable that to a lot of people there is no me without it, and the funny thing is is that it doesn't even hurt anymore. I have accepted this entirely... 