Taking my life over a breakup that hasn't happened yet.I was friends with a guy for two years. Started dating in October.  He was good to me, understanding, and we related on so many levels.  He had the same problems as I have emotionally, but he was always there for me and affectionate and seemed to genuinely want me around.  

That gave me a reason to want to live.  I was happy and excited to wake up each day so we could talk, we planned out a vacation together in just a few months, talked about when he's whisk me away to northern Maine and we would adopt some cats togsther.  I made myself remember to eat healthy and lost weight and fixed my teeth just to make myself better for him.

These past few months he's been down.  We don't talk anymore very often, and he's curt with me.  He never was before. He just plays his game all day, literally for over twelve hours.  And only messages me maybe once when it's paused while I worry to death.

I've been patient with him and supportive, but nothing seems to help.  Last night I just tried to tell him I'd be there for him and that I loved him, and he snapped at me.  He's never snapped at me before, so it took me by surprise.  "Sorry, not in the mood for gushing."

I told him that I was hurt by that and that I had just wanted to help, he flips out at me and gets self-deprecating and won't stop swearing, telling me how stressed out he is, then returned my I love you and disappeared for the rest of the night.  This morning he acts like nothing happened and is telling me about his fucking game again.  

I've been casually asking him to call me or Skype with me or anything.  I just want to hear his voice and hear him tell me it will be okay.

I don't know what clicked, just the thought that I'm making his life worse and that he might leave after I've spent months saving up the money I could scrape together to visit, after him telling me I make him happy - and I haven't heard that since fucking February.  I just read over our old messages when he still acted like he was happy to have me.

I haven't felt this way for almost a year.  I got to be happy for a little while.  I don't think he knows the inner turmoil I'm dealing with.  I've never hinted at it, I've just tried to seem positive and supportive the whole time - and he lost a loved one to suicide a few years ago and I don't want him to feel that again.

He'll just think I'm ghosting him.  And that I was the one that left.  Being left is hard but it will be easier for him to deal with than knowing how this has made me feel.  This is too much to dump on someone you love.  And I've always loved him and I want to go before he has a chance to tell me he doesn't feel the same anymore.