Dear SW, thank you for listening.7 Months ago I submitted a self-post. I was in the worst part of my withdrawal from stopping cold turkey with Celexa, which I'm sure some of you know is a mood elevator.  I cleared my withdrawl, started on a natural solution (St. John's Wort + 5-HTP), and made a lot of progress with my dysthymia. I still have bad days, but not nearly as many. I wanted to thank you guys for helping me through that :)

I just barely got state funded health insurance (AHCCCS) after waiting for 3 months. I haven't had it this whole year (hence stopping cold turkey with my meds) but in order to see a shrink, I have to see a doctor.. which wont happen until Jan 22nd. God knows how long I'll have to wait after that.  So I figured I would come back to you for some guidance.

I mainly deal with anxiety, self-doubt, and indecisiveness now. I feel like the last 10 years living with depression have been a haze, like I wasted that time. Now I'm playing catch up, figuring out what I really want to do with my life, while everyone around me is going off to grad school and accomplishing things.  I got a CIS degree a year ago, but I'm still delivering pizzas. People ask me why I'm wasting my time, why I'm not making real money.  I have a lot of trouble paying bills, real money would be nice, but I'm not sure I want to do full time work yet... I really like making music/recording, filmmaking, photography, etc. and it's hard to have energy and drive for that after a long day at work.  I really don't care about my degree, it was my 3rd or 4th choice for a major.. but I'm starting to realize that web design or something like that would give me some cash. Should I use it or should I keep doing food service because I like the hours? Should I go back to school and start over with something I care about instead of what everyone tells me I should do? Should I leave and start over somewhere else or is that just running away from my problems? I want to do something with my life, I feel like I'm running out of time, but I have no direction. 