He doesn't know that I bought a rope.My boyfriend and I have gotten into another argument for the millionth time this week. I know that the problem is me but I can't see it. I hurt him so much. Nobody loves me. I made friends with the wrong people. My family is just horrible. I finally realized today that it was all me when my partner and my sister just looked at me like I was insane. You know that you're the one at fault when everyone tells you that you're wrong. But I just wanted some affection. I just wanted him to just hug me until the anger went away. I want doctors to examine my brain and ask my boyfriend and possibly others (which I doubt would help since not many people know me that well) about my behavior.

 My boyfriend and I think that I have Borderline Personality Disorder and I think that my mental health has gotten worse, I hit my head almost constantly and as hard as I could to possibly knock my self out and just as a way of self harm. Maybe that fucked me up. My physical health is shit now too, I'm trying to starve myself and I hit my chest, where my heart is to try to get it to stop and to hurt myself. It hurts so much now since yesterday, especially now that my boyfriend punched me in the heart today during our fight. I tried to overdose so much in the past that I know for sure that it will never work. I can't count how many times that I tried to kill myself. I did it so much that in the past my boyfriend told me that maybe I was meant to live and what if something was preventing me from dying. I just dismissed that comment and took it as some corny ass way to inspire me to live. Heh, that idiot. I love him. It is easy for anyone here to say to live and get over him but the thing is that to me, it's more than just a break up. It's losing the last person that I have, the only person that I've loved and the only person that has ever cared about me. 

You need to understand what I've been through to describe this feeling. I've had so many bad dreams at night. I've cried for hours non stop yesterday and this entire week. The only pain that I can compare this to and to get a normal person to understand is to imagine everyone that you have ever loved and care about dying every single day and having the worst and the most unbearable mental pain imaginable and thinking that you cannot continue to live anymore. This made my boyfriend understand a bit more. I think that any normal person would be numb with all this pain but it feels like I'm reliving every single moment of every single painful thing in my life. The pain never goes away. I just want him again, he said that he didn't love me. I know he does or he at least cared about me in some way but he's just hurt. He's the only thing that I have. My love, my family and my best friend. I bought a cream that he needed for his infection along with my rope. I will drop it off his place before I hang myself. I want to do one last thing for him, even if it's small. That was all the money that I had.

Just so much shit has happened to me that I can write a story on how I lost all my friends, how my best friend betrayed me and turned out to be a complete sociopath, how I assaulted people, how I almost got raped twice, my physical and sexual abuse at home, my sadist and masochistic tendencies, fucked up interests. My entire life is a complete fucking mess and in the end it fucked me up. Now, it's me. I've hurt an innocent person and I am just continuing the cycle. And I realized that I turned someone that was a complete opposite of me into someone that is just like me.

I am going to die. I just needed to let this out and let people know how others have lived and to please be kind to your loved ones. This shit has been literally a fucking storybook tragedy. Thank you for sharing the one and last intimate moment with me. Tomorrow, a cheap piece of string will destroy someone's priceless life. Fucking ironic.