How to completely stop or reduce cuttingCutting is a serious addiction that I know a lot of people do. I did myself for about 2 years, starting at age 10. It’s just a habit, a chore, once you do it, it’s so hard to stop. So I have a few tips to help anyone that doesn’t want to cut anymore. 

Remember you can’t completely stop, you have to remove it slowly, you can’t just halt cutting because it’s extremely hard to do it that way.

Get rid of items- take what you use to cut and put them in a duct taped box that is hard for you to get. You can think about what your doing, and it may stop you. If it’s not than make a list of what makes you happy, or complements you receive by people. Be selfish, put down why your worth. Put down your people that you look up too, put down family, put down small things that you see that make you crack a smile. 

Use different things- I know this sounds pretty bad but I swear it helps. Instead of a basic razor try ice or rubber bands. It gives it off the same pain feeling that you are addicted to. If you cut to get rid of anger or guilt, wear a rubber band around the area that you cut and let it snap you when you feel this way. If you do it for other reasons than use ice. If your so addicted to it, to blood and scars then use small needles and move to rubber bands or ice.

Let someone check- this is when you do it not as often but still tend to do it for stress relief, have someone trusted check your place that you cut everyday. Seeing there smile when they see no fresh wounds will help you stop. 

Go to another place without your cutting supplies- breaking the habit is basically what this does, go to a friends house or even a motel and just spend your time there without anything that you can cut with. It helps a lot. 

If you suffer with pstd from your cuts, please try to cover them up. I know how it is. Put on long gloves, shorts for swimsuits, or even cover it up with makeup so people won’t ask. If it really kills you, you should look into covering it up with permanent tattoos or even put henna on places were there are scars. 

These things helped me a lot and I hope they do the same wonders for you!