I'm done*sorry in advance this is kinda long*      I can't fucking do this anymore. I just need to get all this shit off my chest.I'm 14 years old; throughout my entire life I've struggled with mental illness. I grew up in a pretty abusive family. My father molested me from the age of 3 till I was about 9 or 10. I still won't tell anyone. My father was never there growing up; I remember him liking drinking and partying more than his own daughters. I never really had a dad, and I can confidently say that I really hate him, if he died I wouldn't be at his funeral. Today I don't associate with my dad or his family for my own sake.  for example he tried to fake a suicide attempt to make my mom regret leaving him. he also told us that he hated having kids; he thought they ruined his life. The thing is I never asked to be born, for fucks sake I wish I was dead. I used to be pretty close to my mother when I was little,  but she always made me feel like I was her last priority, she always was working. She left me with my abusive psycho aunt who basically raised me for her.(when I say my aunt is psycho I mean it she is an evil, sadistic psychotic person) which means I got physically,mentally, and verbally abused for about 10-11 years. My mom and I still live together because I'm too young to move out, but our relationship is shit. Now my mom spends her days at work and her evenings drinking. I blame myself though, I was a horrible daughter by the time I was 13 I was on drugs and got arrested. My over sister on the other hand was/is the complete opposite.  She's a straight A student and is going to be an engineer. My mom always said she wished I was like her, she said she never wanted to have me either. I tried to help myself,  and I did I haven't been in serious trouble in about a year, my grades are Okay and I stopped a lot of drug use aside from weed and the occasional cigarette. I just don't want to live anymore. I can't go on with the way I'm living I have panic attacks multiple times a day,  I shake and cry and hurt myself daily. I think of suicide pretty much everywhere I go, whether I'm in class or with friends or taking a walk I'm thinking of killing myself. I tried to OD back in September but that got fucked up. I puked and went to school weak and tripping balls from all the meds. Nobody noticed. I also tried to hang myself about a month ago but the rope broke. I'm so tired, No one needs me here, I don't do anyone's life good. I'm a fucking burden to everyone. It won't matter, one less friend to worry about,one less daughter to live with, one less student to deal with... it jIsrael seems so pointless. I've tried eeverything, meds, therapy, doctors, friends, I followed everything and nothing ever changes. I had a plan for the 15th of this month (April) and I just wanted to let this out to see if someone could change my mind. Thanks! P.S sorry if there are spelling mistakes I'm on a cell phone. 