The true sick, twisted teenage dream that is my life.Nobody will see this. I know this cause I always create weekly  posts to these kinds of subreddits and delete them minutes later. Edgyness aside, let’s dive in.

I joined reddit honestly last summer. It was for my abnormalities. I mean how could I be depressed I said. I have no reason to be. So I checked it out. And that’s how it started I guess. 

I’m sitting in bed listening to some trashy music with a piano in front of me. It’s been like that for a week. When anyone may stumble upon this I’ll probably be doing this still. This room is safe haven yet my biggest issue.  I Haven’t gone to the gym, I just stare at my piano wondering if I’ll have the courage again. 

My grades are a joke. Yet if you ask my teachers, they smile and laugh. Calling me a smart gifted guy. I sit here dumbfounded still wondering! Is this some prank or something. I’m done being convinced to take these Ap and honors classes like a lab rat! 

-The daily grind 

I’m on break. 2 weeks at that. But on normal days my life is easily boiled down to 
1.) Wake up. Realize I have 3 minutes to get on the bus and rush out to the bus missing everything important. 
2.) On the bus remember the day before and know all the homework and huge projects I forgot to do. 
3.) Sit in class and listen for a bit waiting for work to be passed out to them just procrastinate for the rest of the time. 
4.) rinse and repeat for classes
5.) In class with a girl who is really nice and I really get along with. Pfft I can talk to her another day. I mean it’s been 3 months of not talking to her anyways. I’d rather focus on my work anyways. I’m just not good enough yet for anyone. I mean she really thinks highly of me but she really doesn’t know me. (5 minutes later I go back on my phone and forget everything.) 
5.) School is over. The bus is more active. My friend sarcastically and annoyingly talks to me for the entire time. Some days I’ll get some words in. 
6.) Im home. One day my mom will be diligently at work. Then for a week she’ll miss a week of work with many different excuses. But she is a nice mom. I mean I’m able to have deep conversations with her. That’s a plus I guess. My sister is a peach. I’m not being sarcastic about that either. She’s a peppy person I guess. My dad is home a lot. He’s quiet. To quiet. Like secretive quiet y’know? I don’t know anything about him for the life of me. Like I know the basics about him but deep details or stories about him, are nowhere to be seen. Not even my mom knows a ton about his past. It’s odd. I cannot explain it honestly. 
7.) At home I get something to eat usually nothing special. On rare occasions I’ll do some homework that seemed worthwhile too. 
8.) I get in my room. This is where everything happens. I wouldn’t be me if I wasn’t in this room for as long as I stay in here. This room here in the U.S.A is truely unexplainable. I’ve tried everything imaginable to escape myself. But the other me’s keep in these 4 walls, full of lies, deception, pity, depression, failure, despair, false hope, and so much more. All of these words have an entire book I could write about who I am in this room. But let’s be real I don’t even have enough passion to play my piano or any of the other hobbies that I thought made me who I am. What I do out of this room is like someone else.  I don’t have control in here. I don’t know who I am or what I can do anymore. Man I must sound real edgy here. 
9.) I look at the clock. The time ticks closer and closer to the end. The later it gets the more devious the stuff I do happens to keep me distracted. Another day wasted day. Another zero day. No movement. No progress. And I couldn’t escape my loop that I created years ago. 
10.) Dad knocks on door. I speak slowly saying to give me a minute. Before I go out I put my humanly mask on and become peppy for him. I go out reluctantly hoping that he hasn’t found anything in my hellish cage yet. He tells me to get in the shower. I do so. Through that shower is when I say my daily words of, “Today may have not have been great but tomorrow will be different. I have a schedule and everything will turn out alright.” Then I start to think otherwise. What if situations are what usually what happens. Then I think back to a suicide manga I read saying the cheesy line of “No matter what you can’t kill yourself. There is someone there.” Or something like that. Or I think back to a line I made up to say to people on the depression subreddit. “Sometimes life doesn’t have an answer. Sometimes if you just give it a little longer you get that answer your looking for. Because I know if I die I’ll never find that answer I longed for.”
11.) Time for bed. Oh god no, please don’t put me back in that room alone! Last year I missed so much school that electronics and other disctractions are BANNED at night for me. My parents think I’m addicted to electronics. Oh only if they knew my inner core processes. I mean my brain is going so much faster than my hands could ever type it’s insane. 

In bed it’s honestly different each time. And so vast that you’d just have to just see it. Each night usually ends with hysterically laughing. And me asking hysterical questions. I then have a debate with my self. It’s a huge thing that lasts for hours. It’s just odd.

-When the room became a cage

Almost 5 years ago I got into anime. I don’t mean causally either. But not a weeb either. But enough to the point of serious issues. If your anime time takes up more than a work shift of time that’s when you need to reavaluate yourself. Oh boy I tried. But way to late.

The damage was done. My 20/20 vision got brutalized. My phenomenal grades tanked immensely. Got a insane porn addiction that I’m slowly just starting to break. And my social life was diminished. Looking back at all of this. I don’t blame anime at all. It’s how I handled it so poorly. I had a future. THE future in my hands. What did I even do to try to fix this. Your looking at it now I Complained and hid. I hid under words. Like right now. I used my words to lie and deceive others around me to think I’m not that bad. When all I had to do was just take action. I’m doing the same wrong things that got in this cage. This cage called my room is where it’s began and where it will end.

-The end of it all

I won’t make it to adulthood. I’ve predicted this since elementary. It’s very odd. Most people have dreams and jobs they wanted to do in elementary and I remember very fondly just saying that I wanted to live. So odd and crazy that I dunno if anyone would understand. 17 is it. There is the borderline, deadline, final stage, concusion, end, death of it all. That is as far as I can think of in the future anyways. 

One odd side note I decided to add here after I finished typing this was that I’ve honestly never posted here. Kinda a scary experience. Never thought that it would come to this.

Closing-

What can anyone get out of this? Is this even related to suicide? I mean I guess no and yes. And for what you’ll get out of this, let’s be real I just wanted somebody to listen and see the real me at least once. Even if it’s through this. That’s all everyone really wants right?

For anyone who thinks they know me from reading this. Your wrong, the me out there is a odd fellow. But thanks for reading this.

If anyone reading this has suicidal thoughts I hope reading this had some use for you.

And finally to honestly anyone who did read all of this. Thank you. No I mean really if you read it all, thank you. It really means more you think. Say what you think about it all to me truely interested. Anything is appreciated. I’m sick of deleting posts.