Doing a lot of thinking tonightI've realised suicide is actually what I want. In the past I've only ever considered suicide when I was in a particularly bad time and it was a purely emotional decision. But tonight i've got their rationally. I haven't been enjoying life for a long time if im honest. I mean i've enjoyed moments of my life, but on the whole, I haven't. 

I'm a student in my second year of this course but my 4th yeat at university because i decided to change my degree course. I didn't have any friends on my previous course at all, and I was really lonely. But I made some on this course. They're a good group of people. But honestly, I don't think most of them like me. They probably don't dislike me. But they find me awkward and not very fun to be around and i can't blame them for that.That is how I behave. 

I mostly like my new course but I think i made the choice to change too fast. And I hadn't really studied much in relation to it so I struggle a bit with the work. Not to mention i'm a chronic procrastinator which doesn't help. 

I have another group of friends that I still see relatively regurlarly, though only more recently. A lot of them I didn't see for a long time because they were at university and also I think most of them found me awkward and uncomfortable too. Which again, I was so I can't really blame them. 

I feel more confident in myself than I have possibly ever and many aspects of my life are improving which is why I say this isn't an emotional decision. I just don't want to keep living. I've experienced life, i'm 22. I know it maybe sounds stupid saying that. But there's only so many different paths my life can go and none of them fill me with much enthusiasm. 

I can't express everything I want to express here. But I hope this makes some sense to anyone reading this anyway. 
I would kill myself tonighr but I can't put my parents through that. I love them. I seriously want them to be happy, theyre fairly old as parents go anyway because they had me quite late. Me dying would severely mess them up, and I can't put thel through that. But yeah, thank you for anyone who's read all this. Thoughts and comments are welcome. 