My heartbroken year that got me suicidal.So heres my story, if there is even anyone that is interested.
Im 17 years old.
First of all, thanks to my parents and all of my internet friends, which helped me more than my real friends, except of one. Here is how this shit started... Last year about this time i got more and more into fashion, which really helped my desocialization... I started to have enough self-esteem to meet girls. I got rejected two times, after that i met one, i even met her two times, but after that she had no more "freetime", everytime i asked her. She then told me that there wouldn't ever be anything more than a friendship. But i decided to move on to not be sad. I later found out that she cheated on her ex 3 times so yeah fuck her. So time goes on, i open my heart to another girl, she responded "oh ok", but she was in a group of people that treated me really bad, they called me "faggot" for no reason most of the time, and i didnt think about it that much, but it passively took my self-esteem down. I started being sad about her and was down because of them... Fuck that group. I thought in my head and canceled contact with everyone of them, while my depression-type-feeling started growing. So again time goes on and on and the girl that rejected me before, actually started texting with me, and it got more and more with the time. So i got my date. It was perfect, everything went fine, we had fun, we were both happy even though i felt horrible the rest of the time. I was happy... this was something that wasnt a thing for like 3 months. I wanted to be happy again and i asked her out again, she was like "yeah, and if my parents wont allow it imma sneak out of the house". Hearing that was so awkward and nice at the same time. It was the first time that someone actually was interested in me. So the day came and she wasnt allowed to go out and couldn't. One week passes, she has no time, another week passes, she still has no time. We had tickets for a concert, she had no fucking time. We planned it one and a half month ago. I heard from one of her friends that she only wanted me as a friend, but she can forget that, because it was an important concert for me. The artists that helped me through hard times and she was about to destroy this important moment for me. No. She wont be my friend. She actually never asked how th concert was, but this never bothered me. The next part of my life i want to keep secret, because i have hope and wont put it in with all of this shit. I give my life a last try. When the year is over and i didnt find happiness / someone i am important to / someone that i can love and get the same love back, which is my biggest wish for a so long while, i see no sense in all of this and probably say goodbye... Im not good at school, I see no sense in a loveless life.

Feels good to write all of this.
Thank you for giving me this space to talk.