I've reached my breaking point.I'm 18(F) and I live in the UK. I've attempted suicide three times, the first time was in 2011 and the last two times were last July/August. I ended up in hospital in July, they got me better (just general hospital - not a psych ward or anything) and sent me home with home-treatment from the crisis team. Within a two weeks I was back in hospital. When they were discharging me, they said I didn't need to be admitted into a psych ward or anything. This all occured about a month after CAMHS stopped treating me because I turned 18. They said I wasn't bad enough to be referred to adult services.

I have a wonderful boyfriend and a 7 month old puppy who is literally the only thing keeping me alive right now. But today (and for the last few weeks), I've been feeling really suicidal. My family dynamic isn't very good. I haven't spoken to my 94 year old great-grandmother in weeks, my grandmother refuses to speak to me and my mother is out of the house 95% of the time.. she only comes home to pick my dog up and get changed. Then she goes to my grandmothers for the evening and doesn't come home until 9 or 10 o'clock. 

I'm honestly at the end of it all, I can't cope living in the same house with the same routine for the next 7 months until college. My dog isn't getting the best care she could and she's so much happier when my mother looks after her, my boyfriend is going to University in September and could find someone who didn't have so much crap going on. His parents don't like me because of my mental health, they think it causes me to be manipulative and they think I'm using him.. which is absurd, but I've never really had anyone like me except my boyfriend so it doesn't surprise me.

No one thinks I'm "bad enough" because I don't get hysterical every time I'm really depressed. I don't remember the last time I cried. 

Anyway, I really can't do this any longer. It's too hard. I've already ruined my life because of my mental health (can't join the Army because of suicide attempts, my education is pretty much over etc). I just give up. 