Please help pull me out of this black hole...I apologize for the long text.

I have struggled with minor depression most of my life and taking my own life has always floated in my head during those dark times. And in a sense, I always knew I would go out this way. Luckily, I have always been able to check it and control it and get myself out of the hole after a couple of days. Recently, life has been going amazing. Healthy relationship with an amazing person who is the most self-less person I have ever met, job is good, friends are great, and have become emotionally strong. And I finally thought I had gotten out of that black hole so many of us know too well. I was HAPPY!!

Now I'm in such a dark place. I'm in this dark place that I can't escape and I can't talk to anyone. I'm now 29 years old and I've spent my whole life since being a teenager making conscious choices to be good to people and treat everyone I come in contact with with respect for no other reason than because we should be good to each other. I can honestly look myself in the mirror and tell myself that I am a good person who would never do any harm to anyone and willing to help anyone who needs it. My belief in myself is the only reason I am still here today and haven't gone through with ending my life. 

I believed that until last week. Last week, I received a message reminding me about something I did when I was 8 or 9 years old that has caused someone pain. Something unforgivable. I had forgotten all of these years. 

I keep telling myself that I am not that little kid. That a kid that age has no idea of the impact one's actions can have, and couldn't possibly understand the severity of what he did. I truly believe that, and I know that I am not that kid anymore. I tell myself that I am a good person, and I could never do those things. But this depression has taken a hold of me again. Now I can't stop thinking that I'm the worst person for ever having it in me to be able to do something like that. I don't know if I can live with myself knowing that I did what I did. There are moments of clarity and reasoning, but mostly I keep thinking of how to end this. I can't do it anymore, I need out. I have a girlfriend that I know I can't say this to, because I'm afraid of her leaving. And the only solution seems like just ending it myself. I'm this close to just doing it and ridding the world of that 9 year old boy. Please help me, because I can't help myself. 