this is stupid and I am stupid.I am just so tired, really.  It is like every time I try to post in a place like this I lose my work at least once and have to redo everything again.  ~Is this a sign?~

But yeah.  So.  On this day of the week I work with kids after school so I went to work as usual.  In between classes I checked my phone to see that I had gotten an e-mail from the Find My iPad service.  I had left my iPad on my desk by my laptop! Cue my prompt freaking out.

My boss comes in between every class to help with the homework check and this time he saw that I was horribly distressed and so I was allowed to go check up on things, since he knew that I literally live around the corner from school.  So I booked it back to my apartment.

Luckily, everything seemed to be as I had left it, including my desk with my iPad and computer.  Interestingly, the iPad was locked and there was a notification in another language about the Lost iPad service.  I think that someone had tried to hack my Apple Account from a foreign country which triggered everything.

But everything was okay, basically, so I ran back to school just and get back before my boss finished the homework check.  While he went over the last questions I took a seat to catch my breath and reflect.

I had been horribly distraught.  Not because I thought someone had stolen my things -- money that I'd toiled to earn down the drain.  It was because I thought someone took my gadgets that *had all my suicide shit on them*.

I could have lost it all.  I don't know if anyone would've done anything with the evidence -- barely anyone speaks enough English here to make sense of what they'd find, I guess -- but I had been visiting this and other suicide- and depression-related subs and sites every day for months.

I had done hours upon hours of work, too.  On my devices were my detailed notes about various methods, as well as bookmarks to the things I was intending to buy for my chosen one.  There were the drafts of my final farewell notes to the people I knew.  My lists of things of things do to and get and check before I do the deed.  Just so many links and notes and just *stuff*.  I could have lost it all.  

That realization was horrible.  I was almost about to burst into tears then and there, but my boss handed the class back to me and I had a job to do.  And I had almost gotten my shit together enough to have a normal class, too, but I heard one of the students mention, "now that her hair's a mess, you can see that it's a wig".

I don't know how I didn't just lose it then and there, because fuck if I wasn't upset.  The depression and stress had been so bad for the last several months my hair did start falling out in bunches and clumps, and I did indeed turn to wearing a wig.  I had been doing it for a while but I am still extremely self-conscious about it.  I hoped I misheard or misinterpreted what he said but I was almost in a daze for the rest of my evening.

And after I got home, and check to confirm that all my notes and documents were still intact on my gadgets I bawled as hard as I possibly could.

I feel so fucking embarrassed and stupid about today, for being made to *feel* like I did today.  I had been meticulously planning everything but I kind of want to say fuck it and go for it tomorrow.  I live down the street from a train station.  My workload has been getting worse and worse.  I feel isolated and emotionally suffer every day.  And because I've been treating myself so badly in addition to the stress my health has taken a turn for the worse as well.

I wanted to do it differently.  I had been planning to do it differently.  I know today was a stupid trigger but I'd been thinking about this for so long... I'm so serious about this and wonder why I should wait.  I don't like the train jumper route but holy mother of god I am tired of everything.

I don't even know.  Just, *shit*, guys.