First time posting.The last time I can remember being this suicidal was in high school, 5-ish years ago. Living at home was hard. I was always sure I grew up in an abusive home, fights turned physical way too often, everyone hated each other, but I felt uncomfortable labeling myself as abused when it was caused by fights I was mutually or mostly accountable for starting. My parents didn't just get mad st work and come home and beat me. How could I be abused when I'm the one that made my family this upset at me?
My brother had/has narcissistic personality disorder, I had/have depression and anxiety. Not a good mix. He was the worst of the family, and enjoyed reminding me of how much stronger he was than me. 
Fast forward to my senior year of college and life has seen little to no improvement. I have no friends. Maybe one or two but I am not and never will be a priority. I have been in love with him for 2 years and today he tells me he doesn't feel the same and hasn't for s long time. I feel stupid that this is the breaking point for me. I'm a naive and dramatic girl because I let a boy determine my happiness. I do not remember life without him. I don't remember life without our dogs. The only thing holding me back is knowing my dogs will think I abandoned them and hate them if I go. I no longer enjoy simple pleasures. I no longer enjoy anything. I think constantly of death and crave an end. 
My parents can't stand me. I can't stop arguing with people. I have horrible road rage. I argue with people on Facebook over politics. I do things I know make people hate me but I can't change myself. I have grown to realize that my personality is very easy to dislike and I have tried and failed many times to change it. I make people angry, I do not bring joy or happiness into anyone's life. I feel like people would be happier when I'm gone. And sure, there will be people who are upset st first, death is upsetting. But when it subsides, they will no longer have to pretend to like my personality. I won't upset people anymore. They can be happier and they will eventually understand my choice will be for the best. I just don't see s benefit for anyone of my existence. 