Please live ! Your life has meaning.What makes life valuable is death, the fact that we people grow old and die is what makes life so precious.. so valuable. Growing and dying is what gives meaning and beauty to life, and to end that so early is a waste of life.. we all have potential and talents, the ability to grow . That is the superpower all us humans have, the ability to improve but it’s up to you to use your power, to reach your limit and to keep pushing and break those limits cause truly we have no limits to what we can and cannot do, you and me alike.


Suicide isn’t the way out because theirs so much more to life than ending it early because if you live you’ll end up reaching the end anyway, why not have a good time, some bad memories, some good memories but you live, you learn.. life is a rollercoaster and that’s what makes it fun, it’s always something on the next chapter but you can’t fear it because good or bad it builds you. We all lose people, we even lose our selves sometimes but that is life.. that is living. Winning and losing and sometimes it may feel like you’re only losing but if you change your environment, get your shit together.. and work towards a brighter future it will come.

Good things come to people who wait, amazing come to people who work for it. Live with your chest high, smile in the face of danger.. become greater than you were yesterday, you will fall, it will feel hopeless but if you continue to fight it will all be worth it but only if you put in the work.


Your life is worth something simply because you exist and simply because you have the power to change your life.. your life is worth living.. so many experiences you’ll miss out on. Finally getting that job, graduating college or even high school.. holding your newborn child and feeling the warmth from your child’s body, meeting that boy or girl of your dreams, falling in love.. holding the most money you’ve ever seen in your hand. Becoming a father or mother.. a uncle or auntie.


Push-forward, for the end is never . When death comes we are not, we are death is not.. why fear or rush something that does not exist ?