The more I'm awake, the more I think about ending it.That's the gist of it, anyway. I feel like I can't go anywhere with my problems anymore because I'll always be looked at like a whiny little bitch or something.

I work a pretty shitty job, dealing with swarms of assholes on a daily basis. That is to say, I'm a gas station attendant, and people treat me like scum. At first, I grinned and bore it, but now I dread going into work. I'm burnt out on it. I used to be polite and talkative, but in the last week especially, I feel like that part of me isn't around anymore.

It seems as though /r/relationship_advice was right about the girl I was crushing on. She was only leading me on. She's probably spending the night at her boyfriend's right now. She told me last night that she didn't want to hurt my feelings, but I don't believe that in the slightest.

I've slowly turned into a misogynist, which I never wanted. Almost every woman I meet and befriend, I feel as if I can't trust. And yet, the majority of my friends are women. I have some guy friends, but a lot of them are rather annoying and definitely overstay their welcome.

I can feel myself becoming more and more antisocial as the days go on, to the point where my ex-girlfriend told me that she feels as if she never even happened to me.

To give you a summary of that: I "dated" a girl I know from Canada for about four or five months. She helped to pull me up from my dark little hole, but then we stopped talking for a while, and finally broke up.

She told me tonight that I'm an asshole because I apparently make it out so that my feelings are the only ones that matter, and maybe I am that way, but I feel so victimized all the time. I know that we all have to climb our own mountains, and I just can't help but vent about how my voyage *must* be harder than everyone else's because *I'm* experiencing it, even though I know that others have it harder and I have little right to complain.

I feel as though I'm overstaying my welcome, too, and since I've pretty much all ready decided to eliminate myself from the gene pool because I'm convinced that I'll never find someone who lives up to what I want, I've been considering taking myself out of the game entirely. I've been thinking of a whole variety of different methods, while toying with the idea of just seeking help from a professional (even though past attempts with professionals have been fruitless). I honestly don't believe that there's anyone who can help me, but I'm hoping.