I did what they told me and it never got better.I've been clinically depressed for a long time - first diagnosed when I was 11.  I took a lot of different medication, went to some treatment school, "graduated", went to a normal school and promptly tried to kill myself a year latter.  Got kicked out for that.  Thought it was sort of funny - a girl had killed herself earlier in the year, and there were counselors and meetings, but when someone tries and fails... no mercy.  That wasn't the first time I felt close to the edge, but it was the second time I acted on it.

All the people told me I just needed to keep trying.  So I did.  I got my GED, got a job, went to college.  Once there, the same thing happened.  Isolated, miserable, and generally being a failure.  Being the clever one I was, I dropped out.  Thought it would make me feel better at the time.

Got a job.  Had it ruined by my cheating ex-husband who slandered me to the administrators, causing me to leap at the opportunity to quit.  Got another job.  Got promoted.  Make lots of money for my bosses, best in store, blah blah blah.  Got treated like shit.  Put in my rage-inspired 2 week notice on Thursday.

Through the last 17 years, from my first suicidal thoughts to now, I kept trying.  There's hope!  It'll get better!  No.  It hasn't.  People are animals, they're cruel and thoughtless and evil.  Just use each other for your own ends, and dump them by the roadside when they're finished with you.  I'm caught between trying to get another job and just giving up.  It'll all be the same.  The same horrible people, the same horrible hope.  It'll get better.

No one believes a fairly unatractive girl can raise sales by 40%.  I did, that's what the numbers say, but everyone knows that's not how female salespeople work.  Every metric I was given, I exceeded.  I did it by being kind - to the people I managed and the customers.  Other people at this place, they're cracking the whip and guess what?  It gets you crumbs.  Despite producing results, no one apparently thought my method was worth emulating.  

I love work.  It makes me so happy, but I haven't found a single place that wasn't full of people just looking to stab you in the back, to rip you apart to satisfy their egos.  It makes me so sad.  I'll never be happy when no one thinks I'm good at anything.  If everyone thinks you suck, then it must be true.  I don't understand why.  Everything they tell me is important, I do brilliantly.  Why do they still come after me?

I'll always be at the bottom, no matter what I do.  I shouldn't have pussied out all those years ago.  I would have saved everyone so much trouble.  It bothers me that even after I'm gone, the behavior of these people won't change - it'll get worse, I bet.  They should be the ones who feel like this, and they should be the ones who suffer when they treat people like meat.  They don't though.  It is rewarded in our society.  It is good to be bad.  Apparently.

I sort of wish I could be a ghost on the wall, to watch these people after I'm gone.  There won't be a hint of emotion.  They hate me, and they'll be so relieved that I did it at home and after I quit, so as not to besmirch their precious "business".

I guess I'm just angry and hurt that after all the promises and hope, it's come back down to this.  It was supposed to get better.  I worked struggled and tried so hard, and it never got better.  What is wrong with me and why can't I fix it?