messy post, wish I wasn't afraidI don't know how far an attempt at suicide has to go before it counts as a proper attempt. I've put a tie around my neck and pushed but would back out after a few seconds. attempted in mid 2019. attempted again this january. I've stopped paying bills since just before the attempt in 2019. I'm still in my home but I'm going to be homeless. using my neighbours electricity since mine has been out for months. Ive lived alone for years. no family. no friends in my country. boyfriend is the only thing worth being awake for but he lives in another country.  


it drives me crazy to pretend i'm fine to people online but i have nobody else but me to blame for this facade. I have no hobbies. I have a freelance job I dont work at. my boyfriend is the only thing I think about thats positive. but I can't stand waking up every day. for some reason I cant even work towards a goal of meeting him someday. I need someone here. someone to physically pick me up out of bed. I need someone making sure I'm not eating through my bank. I need someone here making sure I'm working. it's not fucking meds I need, I need an authority figure. fucking sucks so bad knowing what I'm missing and not being able to get it, and people find it funny that I'm longing for a parental figure in my life because it's the childs fault for having an abusive family, right?  


I dont even know what point I'm trying to get at here, I'm just so tired, so tired of having the ingredients to a good life but no motivation to do anything with them, I'm struggling so bad not to cut, not to start setting up the tie again, not to stress my boyfriend, cant talk to anyone, feels like I'm drowning just sitting here and breathing. nothing is worth doing. there is no escape from nihilism for some. tired of having bpd. I've been tired of having the highs for a long time. I want to stop the rollercoaster. I don't care about the happiness. I want the mood swings to stop. I dont want to feel anything.  


I'm so fucking lonely and alone. really need someone here. really need a hug. not even a dollar in the bank to fill the void with junk food.