My mental health gets worse as I grow olderI feel like the only reason I exist is to give others a boost while I'm ditched to the bottom, forgotten until people need me again. My friends will always say that I'm one of the most amazing people in their lives but the only reason I am is because I don't think of my benefit, only theirs. I remember one situation that I was in where I sunk only deeper in my depression because I was helping several people at once \(if I remember correctly, but probably won't because my memory is equally as shitty as my mental state; 5 people were fighting, and I was trying to keep them all together, I succeeded but that was only at the beginning of this year, it's now near the end of this year's school year\).

The only person that could actually make me smile was \(ironically\) my ex. She was the second relationship that I've ever been in romantically, it only lasted a short time \(two days\) but those few moments were hands down the best in my entire life. I've never had someone hold me so close and just.. make me feel together as much as she had. We're still friends \(she thinks of me as her best friend, but I can see through that bullshit lie\) but I'm actually just pushing her away, and I now see that.

I was so caught up in my own jealousy when she started to date someone else, while they have split a long time ago I can't help but feel like I'm drowning in jealousy that my heart will physically hurt and I won't/cannot eat whenever they hang out, touch, or just talk to each other. I've only begun to bury these feelings deep inside myself, but my heart just hurts so fucking much it physically drains me more than I already am.

She's worried, I can tell. Hell, I went to a dance on Friday and she cried because of ME. She told me that I was acting differently, that I had been avoiding her which I thought I wasn't doing, too bad my dumb ass didn't help the situation by explaining to her my actual feelings, no. Instead, I made things worse by walking away, this is what caused her to break down.

I don't understand how I could be so fucking weak, only hurting the others around me with my own selfish thinking. I've resumed cutting, resumed starving myself, resumed all the bad habits that I've long since struggled with kicking. Even going back as far as to go back to substance abuse.

I've become a shell of my "former self". Even though I don't know my former self, I have long since forgot what she was like. Doesn't help that next year she's going to be GONE. The only light in my life, blacked out because of stupid family problems. I'm so close to the brink, others have noticed, even people I barely talk to. My energy and hope are completely spent at this point. I've resumed counseling and therapy. but their doing jack shit to help me \(mostly because my stupid ass can't open myself up\).

I am on the verge of committing suicide, I've promised myself that I would make it to the end of the school year, and I plan to stick to that. But after the school year ends I feel like I'm going to lose all contact with her \(it's not like we text often anymore, anyways, again, this is all my fault\).

I have promised myself that I wouldn't die until I at least reached 20, I've promised others that I wouldn't die period. I actually can't fucking handle myself or others anymore, but they still need me. I'm completely numbed out. I'm only 14 and a freshman in high school. Been cutting since I was in 3rd grade, been starving myself and binge eating since 4th. My life is a waste, I waste good food, good friends, good atmosphere, anything good that's handed to me.

I want your opinion, internet dweller. What reason is there to live when you're out of 7 billion people, nothing special about you. All you do is waste resources, not contributing to anything at all. What reason is there to live than end up in a dead\-end job the rest of your life, wilting away as the others around you live far happier lives, finding their soulmate, settling down together and just.. loving each other, what is there to do than?

\(I'm so sorry for the long post, I ended up rambling, I'm so sorry if you read all this\)