I want to die so badlyI'm 40. I've accomplished nothing.

Actually, that's not true. I graduated literally top of class from a $125k 4 year business school. I've done lot of hiring. Know what the difference between me and everyone else is? Fuck I was lucky to get there first. Candidates with a $7K state college degree are considered my peer. I want to take it out on them so badly, but it's not their fault at all.

I will say this: I think their education was inferior to mine. I'm not going to say the name of the school I went to but it's highly accredited nationally and known regionally for providing an incredible critical thinking curriculum. Having hired from other schools, and thinking critically about it, I don't think it's worth 10x the price. Maybe 2-3X, as I was really put through the paces there and forced to think my way out of hellish situations with good results on a regular basis.. but not 10x. Not life ruining times a normal education.  

I couldn't pay the loans off, even with my "amazing" critical thinking skills, so now in 2018 I'm a 2005 graduate with credit that smells like rotting dog shit filled with maggots constantly vomiting a banker's contract. 

OK, fuck you PEPPERDINE! There I said it, and fuck you "Churches of Christ," the religious backing to the "Christian [Education|Debt]" you wind up with. Hey, I never heard a single professor say Jesus (who I don't fucking believe in) didn't want you to wind up with life crippling debt. After all, if you aren't getting groped by jesuits, financially ass raped by church of christers, or just generally taking an overall ass pounding from the clergy of your [parents'] choice, who the hell are you to participate in this conversation?

I'll never rent without the consent of my god-fearing parents, or dare even own a 1/10th of a hectare without my jesus bible beating parents signing on to cover the debt, so why the fuck should I live? I don't believe in a single one of your goddamn values, in fact I think it's just darkness after death, but I'll buttfuck my dad in hell for eternity if that's what they want to believe happens. I'd hate it, but it serves his ass "literally" fucking right.

Fuck all christians, even the "tame, we accept you" ones right in the fucking ass. Your 2,000 year old jewish magician with a great sleight of hand for swapping bottles of water for wine has ruined my life enough. I hope there is hell, because I am fucking for sure going there, and I wouldn't want to miss seeing my relatives regularly.

FUCK THIS IBRAHAMIC BULLSHIT. I hope there is a real hell, and the only requirement to be admitted is to have ever to prayed to "Christ." I've read the fucking bible cover to cover, forced to, and you people are are fucking going to hell. At least I get to smile over that. Who knows what the fuck happens after death? I sure as fuck don't. But plenty of people I know claim to have the 100 no-doubt sinners get singed answer.


Go create your own fucking hell and then live in it you pieces of shit.

Edit: Oh fuck I feel almost ex-mormon or ex-scientology.I don't think the human body has enough capacity for pain to live through what your forced me to go through. Go fuck your progressive pope in the ass, and maybe get pounded to a cross yourself. Now that I would enjoy watching.