I'm worried about my best friendAlright, r/sw, here's the deal. My high school grad was on the weekend, and I was there with a group of friends, one of whom is my best friend (we were grad dates). She has been attracted to me (I'm a guy) for years now, and during the after party, she got really upset. She kept leaving with one of her other friends for talks, then she just stopped coming near me, so I went to go talk to her. We sat down in a secluded little area and she was crying the whole time, and told me that she was in love with me. Unfortunately, I'm gay as gay can be, and just don't have any romantic feelings for her at all. She knew about it before that night, but when she found out, she didn't take it very well at all.

We kept talking, and she kept asking me if we could 'just try it' so she would know, which I continually refused, since I thought it would be a bad idea with the combination of emotions and alcohol going on at the time. 

Anyways, we continued talking for a while, and she told me that she fell in love with someone before, and that he turned out to be gay as well. She told me that after she found out, she tried to commit suicide with a combination of pills and cutting herself, but in the end couldn't go through with it. She's extremely ashamed of what she tried to do, and she kept saying that the scars it left were 'the ugliest part' of her. It was also the reason she left her other school to come to this one. I made her promise that she wouldn't try something like that again, to which she agreed, but considering her emotional state at the time, I don't think that made much of a difference. 

Flash forward to just a few minutes ago, and we're talking over IM, and she asks me if I remembered everything about Saturday night, and if I remembered her promising me anything. After typing this all out, I realize what she meant by that, but at the time, I didn't, so I said that I didn't know what she was talking about. She then tells me that it "may have been important at the time, and might not be important later". I told her not to do anything that one of us might regret, and she replied with "I'll do my best, I suppose". 

On top of all this, she has been fighting a fairly serious illness that none of the doctors she has been able to see so far can diagnose. She's in a lot of pain and has pretty bad insomnia, so I can only imagine that it is exacerbating the situation.

So now I'm worried that she might be considering suicide again. I'm stuck, and don't know what to do, because on the one hand, she confided in me, and if I were to tell anyone else, that would pretty much ruin our amazing friendship. And I know that if I talked to one of our mutual friends, or a school councilor, that the story would only spread until someone went to talk to her, and she would know where it came from. On the other hand, I don't want anything to happen to her, so I'm turing to you guys because I know you've helped people in my situation before. 