I don't think I have the strength to kill myself, but I just don't want to live anymore.sorry if this is long. 

I'm 24 and a year out of college. I've been living with my parents for 10 months. I haven't worked in 3 years.  I majored in something financially useless \(Political Science\) because I believed that if I really cared about something finding work would come easy. It didn't. Even though I've put a tremendous amount of time discussing/reading/learning about politics, philosophy, etc \- now it feels like some quaint, twee bullshit that I'm wasting my life with. It makes me sad to think about for so many reasons. I'm either not good at finding work, or I'm lazy, or both. 

When I finished school I had to move from a city I loved \(Pittsburgh\) to where I grew up, a dilapidated old steel town filled with terrible memories. My parents are in their early 60's, and have constantly fought and bickered since I was born \(before that even\). When I was young, I left home twice to live with my grandmother for periods of months just to get away. Things were ok for awhile, but recently my dad got laid off and my mom learned she would be laid off as well in September. Our health insurance will be gone, and they both have the types of medical issues that a lot of people their age would have. Things are falling apart for all of us, and the tension is unbearable. For as long as I can remember, my heart would jump up into my throat when I'd hear people arguing in another room, or if I'd hear a noise somewhere in the house. Now even the dogs running around sets me off. I hear voices when I try to go to sleep that sound like my parents arguing but its usually the television or someone on the street or even nothing, just an aural trick of the mind. But its agony.

This time it feels like its all my fault. I have $50k of loans due that I can't begin to pay. When I can build up the courage to look for work, it always amounts to nothing, which is my fault because I have no confidence, no drive, no fight in me at all. I don't want to do this anymore. I just want to feel nothing and not wake up tomorrow. I'm not strong enough to overcome this. I know when it comes to the date where its been a year since I moved home, the shame and guilt and the PRESSURE will consume me. It's already taken every bit of my soul and my mind, and my body is the only thing left to go. I don't know what I'm waiting for, apart from fear. Fear that I will fuck up my own suicide. 

again sorry its so long. 