I want to Did, no hope leftMy name is Adam and i have been suicidal for as long as i can remember. It all started in school as a kid i was an awkward child in a small town, where you grow a reputation quickly, i was quickly known as the kid to stay away from if you want to be popular. I made my peace with it i thought maybe in high school i would have another chance, I quickly found out that wasnt the case, i got bullied like crazy in high school to the point that i really started considering it for the first time. I found out how to tie a noose and i found some rope in my dads workshop and tied one and kept it in my room and for long periods of time i would just look at it considering. I ended up not doing it thinking to myself, It must get better once school is over, that is what everyone keeps telling me they cant be lying right one day its going to get better. Then school ended with me never really having a friend in my life outside of my dog, never once having a sleep over or going to another kids house but i made it threw high school. Ontop of all that BS with just being a lonely piece of shit i have always been a failure when it comes to any kind of academics or skills that would lead to some kind of career, I am 25 years old and have never made over 10k a year, no kind of post secondary and no prospects to speak of what so ever. Still living with my mother and she wants me out more and more with each passing month, nothing saved to speak of, at this point i have moved on from the noose and i think about a cliff near my house and have decided when i do it it will be there as i imagine it being the least painful. To add some more shit ontop i am asexual or at least i think i am, as far as i can tell i have never been attracted to a man or women in my life time, never been on a date of course since i have never had a friend and everyday i just want to jump more, there is no enjoyment, no fun just dread of being a poor failure that will be homeless once my mom has had enough and has no chance as success in the future, the most successful future i can hope for is a trash apartment that i can pray i can afford on my cashier salary. I also just found out that I don't have a job anymore I was layed off for the winter and supposed to start again soon now I just found out they don't want me back so seems like just another reason to do it, when nothing good ever happens for you and it is just shit on shit on shit why keep going. I just want it over and i am going to make it happen soon, i have had enough and want it done.