Valentines day was supposed to be nice.I'm done. I thought for once you would do something nice for Valentines day I wanted something from you... anything, I loved you and you said the same thing to me every night. The long distance between us sucks... but it is only temporary. Instead of having time to talk with you I instead got you trying to get me off the phone quickly. I got upset... Even if you think Valentines day is a commercial holiday can we still not at least use the day to talk... We haven't been doing much of that lately.

You've started becoming mean. Anytime I bring up us not talking or your being distant you would hang up and ignore any times I tried to call you, It hurts. I would rationalize that it is only temporary, but you make it hard... You promised everything would be okay.

You fought with me on a day when your supposed to just show your significant other how much you care. You hung up on my and ignored my calls. Finally you answered just to tell me to go fuck myself and break up with me. I asked you to talk to me, say anything. Don't leave me anxious.. but instead you hung up on me again... and blocked my number...

I didn't want my Valentines day to be shitty so I went out for a drive... Get some fast food or walk my dog, anything really, but I accidentally hit someone at a red light. Nothing bad just a bump. The guy made a deal out of it and called the cops. I know it was my fault but I can't pay for this. My Bi-Polar and Antidepressant medication costs so much I can't afford my therapist  and my probation. (Which was because of YOU, I might add) now my car is making funny noises, my insurance is going to go up and I might have to go to court over this... I can't pay for anything. I had to sell a lot of my stuff just to pay for my probation. I'm bare. I go hungry days in a row just so my dog will have enough to eat now.

So thanks. I gave up so much for you. I listened to your fucking lies of grandeur and happiness  and held them close. I worked on myself. I've suffered from Anxiety,Bi-Polar II,and Major Depression for my entire life. I took it out with drugs and cutting, but now. Neither of those do anything. I'm done. I miss Ashley. She did call me that night but I turned her down because it would make you unhappy. I loved her more than I ever did you. I'm gone. I can't deal with this stress anymore I can't.

No one would even talk to me, I wanted someone to call on the phone and listen to my problems. I wanted anything, but no one would. Because I gave up my friends for you. The ones that I do have you have turned against me.

-Marcus