I should finally do it.I've been having a rough day. My mother told me to get a running start into the busiest street I could find, that if I could stop existing that would be great. 

So I come to reddit for...I don't know what. I just discovered this sub and before posting I looked at some of the recent posts or however it's filtering and god Damn y'all seem pathetic to me. But I know It's mental illness or boredom. 

I'm mentally ill I know it, I'm an asshole too but that's just how I've learned to survive this world in and out of my head. I want it to end I want to die I have a plan set and everything. But like one redditor said "tell me how to make me do it" I know that feeling oh so well. I'm smarter then this but I can't help it. I know what's wrong but I can't fix it and I don't know why. I want to die but I don't deserve it.

 I'm 29, I've lived enough live to experience enough to be 40 I swear. Before I was homeless i had cars I traveled places to stay people to love me. In my years I've seen how the world really works, it's terrible. But even homeless I don't have it that bad in comparison to god knows how many other humans on this earth. People Living literal shit, in war zones, children eating rocks just to feel something in their stomachs.

I used to be happy but now I'm broken, I'm homeless, I'm an addict. Again I know what's wrong and how to fix it but sometimes the voices are louder then rational thought. I'm sitting on the side of a pizza joint using WiFi waiting for them to close to see what gets tossed to feed myself while a storm approaches, Fuck where did I go wrong? 

And I mean shit some of the feelings you guys are expressing I've had and I know but I've lived through and I don't know how to say this without sounding like an asshole...but you'll live through it too. Humans are amazingly resourceful creatures and can adapt to whatever. You feel like you are a burden on your parents because you may be but that's their fault and it's literally their burden to carry until you're 18 because of their choices the only thing you can do to help is grow up faster like get a job and contribute to the ease of that burden but if you go and kill yourself now you're going to be a burden on their mind and soul until they die. Run away before you try to kill yourself watch a whole city/care about you. Use reddit as a tool to learn not memes and entertainment. Check out the homeless and vagabond subs. 

It's starting to rain I've got to finish this up and take cover or I would go on and on I'm sure. I'm on mobile and I'm an idiot so I apologize for an ugly post. I feel better after ranting so I guess that's what I came here for, thanks reddit. 

Remember, it's life sucks THEN you die you don't deserve to miss out on all of life's wonderful bullshit. Only terrorist do.