Give me a reason.  If i'm being completely honest, the only reason i'm here is because it's alot easier to unload my thoughts and feelings to a faceless mass of people than my friends and families. I'm not even completely sure if this is where I should be. I want to die, but perhaps a better way to put it would be, I wish I wasn't me. 

What pushed me to post here was a conversation I had with my mother. She said, in no uncertain terms, that because my grades in school weren't top of the class or as good as my peers, I was worthless, useless, and pointless. She continued to elaborate, at lengths, about how I did nothing in high school, i'm worthless in college, i've never made her happy in all my life, and how I was a complete and utter waste of time. I asked her one question. I asked her, aren't I more than a couple of numbers and letters? She said no. 

I don't disagree with her. Well, most of me doesn't. My friends are all going to fancy colleges, have straight A's, and are amazing, bright, intelligent people. And, that's not exaggeration or hyperbole. That's the honest to god truth. One friend got a full-ride to college. Another is in an exclusive 16-person only physics group. 2 more got decent scholarships to berkeley. And they all have somewhere between 4.00 and 5.00 gpa's. I'm not even sure how we're friends. They all have shining futures and brilliant lives to live. I'm nothing like them. 

I talked some of those same people out of some pretty deep points in their lives. I've talked one of them out of suicide. I helped them on the tracks that their on in my own, minuscule ways. But I could only do that because I knew what they had ahead of them. I knew they were all people worth pushing towards life. They were worthwhile people, with worthwhile reasons to live. I'm not.

To address the title, i'm asking if someone, anyone can give me a reason not to disappear. Not to walk away from everything and die quietly, where I won't make waves. I'm not a person worth saving, and I have little purpose left, so give me a reason. I'll answer any questions anyone might have as honestly as I can for the next hour or so. And then I'm gone, like breath on the wind.