Need Some HelpHello. My name is Finn. I have very bad self esteem issues, and I have also recently been diagnosed as a scizotypal. Sometimes I'm not sure if I can perceive reality as well as I should. I don't think I'm that bad looking in reality, but I often look at myself in a mirror and think of myself as an ugly monster. I have had severe major depression for years. I don't have many friends, although I do have some close friends.

I feel like giving up. I am supposed to be studying abroad in France in a little over a month, but I feel like I'm just going to fuck everything up. When I'm in public or at work, everything is awkward with people. I can barely speak to them. No matter how many times I see a person, it is always awkward. It is a horrible struggle. People say I'm very charismatic but I don't really feel it and I don't connect. And if I am feeling connected, as soon as my social battery runs out, it's over. I often feel like people hate me or pity me. Like they look at me and think I'm an ugly freak or I'm stupid or would hate to be me. I'm 28, about to be 29 in February. I feel like I'm a defect and I have been thinking about suicide more and more. I don't particularly want to do it, but I am in a lot of emotional pain and I don't see a way out. I need help, but I can't ask anybody in my normal life.


A little background about me, I dealt with a lot of severe bullying growing up and a skin disease that further isolated me and caused me a lot of chronic pain. My family life was a huge struggle and I was an only child with absolutely no friends and extremely angry, parents who had a lot of illnesses themselves. Mental and physical. People called me a freak of nature and wouldn't touch me. It hurt a lot and I'm still not completely over it. I always used to smile and act like it was a big deal, I never cried in front of them, but it caused a stain on my soul. I'm terrified that when I go to France I'll run into the same people, or be so damaged or people awkward that I'll creep people out. I'm lost and very sad.

I'd like for someone to help me, or talk to me. I need to get these thoughts out of my head.