I’ve been doing a lot of reckless things in hopes I might die because I’m too chicken shit to just do it myself.I honestly don’t even know where to start with this but I can say that I’m not actively trying to commit suicide. When I was younger I’d have many occurring thoughts of “I could just not turn and drive my car off of this highway into a tree” and things of those sorts, but I was usually pretty controlled. 
My mom died a little over a month ago now and since before I can remember I had plans to kill myself when she died. She was my adopted mom and fairly old and even got Parkinson’s Disease so I knew she wouldn’t last much longer. When she did I had already returned back to my family and reconnected with them, so I knew I couldn’t do anything. And now I’m just stuck in this place of constantly wanting something to just take me out. 
I drive excessively dangerous speeds to and from work (I’m talking over 125mph), picked a couple of fights with people I knew could rip me apart, taken just one more pill than recommended so that I’m knocked out for 12 hours, and my biggest (and most recent) one: 
I got fucking surgery and didn’t follow any of the 10 day diet pre-op guidelines in hopes I would not wake up. 
But here I still am. 
I’m supposed to turn over a new leaf with this surgery and lose a ton of weight (I’ve been a fat bitch since before I was adopted), and in my good moments that sounds absolutely amazing. There’s a lot of active things I’ve thought I’ve wanted to do. 
But there’s also the huge part of me that just wants to eat something huge so it’ll rip up my new stomach and kill me. 
Anyway if this doesn’t get deleted and you read this far thanks I guess. I know I have to go back to therapy and there’s not really much anyone can say to this. But it felt really good to finally get this off of my chest. I’ve been feeling really guilty about how excited my family members are about my surgery with them not even realizing that I would be even more excited for one of them to put a bullet to my head.