Isolated, a feeling I’m dyingFeeling alone and shut off from all the world right now. People today said they miss me, and I can’t really believe it for some reason. I feel like I’m a burden for other mentally sound people to carry daily.

Yesterday before sleep I was lying in bed and feeling calm and at peace, ready to get some shut eye. I decided, out of mere curiousity (I hope), to immerse myself with the question of death via internet. It was interesting, while feeding my own placed judgments surrounding life’s end: We all want to survive, never to die. 

But deep in us is a wallowing cry to self destruct... as though we’re a malfunctioning jet going haywire in the sky, itself to know nothing but the need for its ill functions to degrade, as all dying things in life must do.. to make space for the good and correctly-living ones. Like a lion stuck in a hole while its group leaves it alone to die. 

Suddenly, deep immersed in these ruminating thoughts, I was sure that my eyes closed without warning, followed by a deadstop to my heart beats. I then made an exhausted, groan-like sound as if I died for that one scary moment. It was then I knew, death wasn’t something I wanted. If a one-second abandonment from life is enough to curb me away from such a painful desire to be dead forever, then I’m sure life is all there is to love and to be had. Life is about preventing death. It’s about loving each other, and being here with ourselves.  

Death is apparently the enemy, and life the savior... yet coincidentally, the slower death comes the quicker we see our own selves as our number one enemy...  but we also call this occurence part of the weakminded, the greedy, the misled. 

Thats just it...the more we live... the more we require the pain of changing our self and our life path to a more fulfilling, embracing one in order to know HOW to die....

Yes... dying is ONLY physical, the very end of our life. When our heart stops beating. If we learn HOW to die... then we will know how to be FULLY alive, until that one-second, one-time only moment...

our identity is only with us right now, as we live. as we breathe. it won’t be here when we die. I know for sure that I will still have the want to commit suicide almost everyday for the rest of my life... but I also need to remember that my identity, the only thing attached to me... is my life. And death will erase that sense of identity. Not to say that we who want to kill ourselves should want to have an identity forever... 

But there’s a reason why our body jumps startled at the sudden feeling of death.