PLEASE read, I need advice quicklyI went home from college for the weekend and I checked my email on the family computer. My little sister (she's 16) left her google drive account open by accident- I was nosy and read some of her stuff. There's about seven pages of all the ways she could commit suicide. I've noticed she's lost a lot of weight, her grades dropped from A's to B's recently, and she stays in her room. 
Our mom was recently diagnosed with cancer, and my dad may be getting laid off soon. We have a lot on our plates, do you think I should try to get her a therapist or call a hospital? Or is this not a big deal? I have no idea how to respond. I can post more if requested. Heres some of it: 
The solid, smooth feel of the hand gun stowed in the coat is comforting, the heart races just a bit faster as I contemplate the meaning of existence yet again, to become a god! Complete, utter control over the thing I hold most sacred to my breast, the very notion of life! It makes life so precious, when one can fully accept that it can easily end in seconds. Precious is the sound of rains, the slender figures of trees in my peripheral visions, the scents of the grasses bending and flattening in the torrential pours. There is an inescapable beauty to feel the utmost control, the rawest power over your own realities.
I walk, without hurry, down the muddied paths of the nearby park to the farthest point from the flooded parking lot, surrounded by the beckoning trees, protecting, looming over me. I call 911 and whisper my location. "I will pull the guns trigger in two minutes time, please clean my bloodied head as much as you can before returning it to my family." I would turn the phone off, and watch it fall to the ground as if in slow motion, sinking in a mud puddle. 
I take off my jacket and fully embrace the rains, and the winds that were carried in gusts for miles. No longer would I be able to differentiate between the natural rains, and my flowing tears, just accept it, accept the entire world, the rains soaking through my very skins, accept life as an insubstantial, temporary form, the true beauties of nature and far off mysterious universes remaining. Lifting my arms far above my head, a hand cupped to caress the elements, the other clenching the gun, I would scream, my very soul allowing an overwelming torrent of the deepest emotions and energies, "THIS, TRULY, IS WHAT IT MEANS TO BE ALIVE! LIFE IS SO PRECIOUS." Then I would pull the trigger next to my right temple, and sob as an immense echo of thunder rolls through my senses, my form gracefully falling to the ground.
Desperation and sudden violent urges often consume my mind, while sitting at my desk, bent over in frustration at the math homework. I often feel compelled to run downstairs, pull a plastic bag from the drawers near the back door, and retreat to the garage late at night. I would kneel on the cold cement floor, ignoring the long centipedes that scramble past frantically. Then I would begin to slam my head against the unforgiving floor, relishing the headache that quickly rings after, the solid feeling of all the circling thoughts disappearing at last. Slam, slam, over and over, til I see stars in the complete darkness, and feel the warmth of rushing blood collecting around my neck at the rubberband I had fastened beforehand, its metallic scent overpowering. I could collapse to the ground, and lose consciousness, the bag pulling in closer to my nostrils and half opened mouth with each deep breath
Staring at the student profile packet, in which I am supposed to write down all my achievements for the past three years, makes me most depressed- far more than I have ever felt. I try to avoid going out of my comfort zone, and have a lack of motivation for doing anything- even activities I used to enjoy. Everything is so overwhelming and tiring. This has been my daily reality for the past four years, no breaks. A long dark tunnel, with no escape, fingernails bloody from scratching at the curved walls- but there are no doors- nothing- just my panting and the ghostly laughters- just on and on- nothing-
Even the word 'feelings' causes a subconscious recoil, but I must admit- extreme feelings of guilt, insecurity, depression, worthlessness, and restlessness have plagued me. It's always there, always letting me know my efforts at writing and drawing are and always will be utterly futile. But now I am supposed to quantify this lethargy, and show it to the school, the world. People continue to ask what is wrong- I say nothing. I just want to be left alone! Left to my own devices! I don't want others to care for me, it makes the suicide that much worse! My parents look at me with such sadness- they are ashamed to have such an offspring, such laziness- squandering away all these opportunities to actually prove the potential I was born with. I deeply hate myself. Cutting no longer satisfies, because I know that eventually the knife will be put away, and I will have to deal with reality and myself yet again. If I hang myself next weekend during the night in the basement, no longer will people see me as a complete loser and idiot. My depression will be taken seriously, and my awful grades and motivation will be forgiven. Everyone dies eventually, and all that will remain is your name and the memories held by people who once knew you. With my current trajectory and depression, I will slowly fall to the bottom- impacting and burdening everyone around me. My name will be redeemed if I die now. Dragging it out is the last thing I want to do. My family will no longer feel ashamed by me, they can finally get on with their lives. I have fought for years- there is no hope. No hope. If someone else is reading this, and I am still alive- then perhaps I had enough hope to show you this- but trust what I say. There is no reason to even get better. I hate myself so deeply, the perfectionism is so consuming, I cannot process most foods from anxiety so everything must be restricted, I cannot force smiles for my parents and friends, my mind is numb and dull. My self control is wearing far too thin. Death seems like the only possible solution. What's the point of fighting for life if you eventually die? If you enjoy living, striving for goals, feeling proud of accomplishments and being in relationships, then perhaps life is for you. As for me, four years of fighting is far long enough. I'm ready to give up. It would be so easy and simple. Suicide ideations are becoming more and more pervasive. I cannot concentrate on reading novels once greatly enjoyed, nor can I listen to music. The clock is ticking, I am on borrowed time. I am so weak and unable to continue. . 