I don't really know what to sayI posted this last night whilst drinking, it's surprisingly coherent but nobody even replied to it...which made me even more depressed so i figured I would post it here.


I know I have posted a number of related posts. But honestly I'm just at my wits end...people in my area don't even want to put in the effort to become friends, people online don't give a shit, and my friends in person don't give a shit either. Why should I even care? I tried to get a bit tipsy to be more personable, but everyone just shunned me, I don't know what to do to get real friends...honestly I just want to OD on pills and just fucking go away...I'm sick of trying and I just want to give up. Fuck you if you think this is a pathetic plea for attention, honestly I just want to die...and if you have never felt that way then you can never understand my feelings until then...I am hopeless at this point..why should i not just down a whole bottle of pills and die?


Edit: a little about me. I am 19 and I am currently living in a dorm room at San Jose State University because I am no longer a student of the school but I had signed up for housing the year prior before getting disqualified from it. I was a freshman student last year and fell into a huge depression and wasn't allowed to leave for my spring semester due to the housing contract I had signed. I had a medical reason stating that it was best that I took a leave of absence for a semester but the housing department wouldn't allow it, essentially forcing me to stay at the school during the spring semester when I was not mentally or emotionally ready. Therefore I did not perform up to the standards necessary to not get kicked out of school and was subsequently disqualified. Now it is the Fall semester and I am living in the dorm trying to figure out how to get back into the school but I just keep getting turned down and they find ways to not let me back in and I am just fed up with life because nothing seems to work out. 


I have not told either of my parents that I am not even attending school...i lie to them when I talk to them and all I do is sit in my dorm everyday and be alone..which is depressing because I am living on campus of the school I got kicked out of and my roommates go to school and I have only recently told them I am not even a student anymore. 


I don't really have any good friends, I don't have a group to hang out with and my girlfriend has even more problems than me it seems and honestly takes it out on me and I can't handle that either. My life is a complete mess and I just don't know what to do anymore, normally I wasn't a big fan of drinking or anything but it helps me escape from my problems and I know that isn't healthy, and I haven't developed a dependency or anything it was just a few nights of drinking recently to deal with stress. I tried to be friendly with people on campus and they just dismiss me and don't even give me a chance, I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I have a four thousand dollar housing charge sitting on my head that I have no idea how to pay for, and I will most likely have to move out of this dorm and go back home and admit to being a failure. 


My mom is someone you would identify as more of a friend than a parent, my dad likes to even go as far as saying she is an enabler. (my parents are divorced) My dad is an over achiever essentially and was a marine and is now a sergeant for the city police department and graduated top of his class for physical achievements and academic and has led a pretty successful life. My stepmom is just a bitch. 


I can answer anything else I have left out...sorry I just woke up.