I almost had myself committed and I'm afraid I'll do it again.Let me preface this with, I'm not actively planning to harm myself or anyone else, but I feel completely hopeless and each day hope seems to be slipping more and more away from me.... 

Let me try to make this short because I'm tired of reliving it, my mom got sick in October, so did I, we were both hospitalized only I got better, she was sent to a nursing home for physical therapy that i'm not even sure she needed, it was only supposed to be a week, they kept her there for a month. 

My mom slowly wasted away there, she had asked if she could go home but they convinced her that hospice was the best course of action, I don't know what happened in this scenario because I was not told by my mother or the staff that she had signed on for hospice, they  could have let her have home hospice, but they didn't, she was there for another month... Now this is, I'm really ashamed of this but I didn't go see her, not enough, I had seen her a couple of times and then I stopped going, either because I didn't have the money (it was far away) or I didn't want to go..

In between getting out of the hospital and the next part of the story, I was stressed, angry, depressed, scared and I felt hopeless and alone, so I went to the E.R and told them I was thinking about suicide, they kept me in a room for three hours guarded by one of the nurses, they were going to transfer me to a behavioral hospital,  I didn't tell anyone, I didn't call my mom or brother, nobody knew where I was and my mom, when she finally got a hold of me, told me she thought I had gotten hurt or died... she was crying, I have never heard my mother cry this way before... I ended up not being committed and going home, living day to day with worries about my mom... 
I called her all the time, every single day, every single night.. One day I got a call from her telling me she had a fall, this was weird because when a patient falls, the staff usually call... This happened before with my mom, and they called me... this time they didn't.... Two days went by where she wasn't answering the phone, or texts, or FB messages, I went down there on what little money I had to see her..

But I saw something else, I saw a skeletal woman who couldn't speak, she recognized me, knew who i was, and she was trying to tell me something... but she couldn't, and then I just left her there knowing that I should have stayed...

The very next morning I got a call from a hospice nurse telling me that my mother was non responsive, this took place over the course of a week, one week of utter panic, pain, fear, my grandmother, me and my brother started going in more and more to see her, it was like she was in a trance that she couldn't snap out of... 

She didn't, it got worse and worse and on one cold evening me, grandma, brother and aunt (and her boyfriend) sat with my mom in an almost empty room for four or five hours... We came home, and at four in the morning I was told my mother died.

Since then it has been a mess of emotions, pain, stress, financial problems, starvation, emotional breakdowns and more... and it's getting to be bad again, I'm having thoughts of running away or thinking about how maybe self harm wouldn't be so bad... 

I don't know what to do anymore, it feels like there's no way out of this hellish situation that I'm in... 