Scared of myself?This is probably going to come out sounding all dramatic and whiny and perhaps won't make any sense but I don't really have anyone else I can talk to about this, they wouldn't understand anyhow. I don't really know how to phrase this so I guess I'll just say it. Lately I've been having increasing thoughts about just ending it all or just hurting myself really badly. I've thought about it in the past before, not in a serious way where I actually had any or plan or intent of doing it, it was just a morbid fascination that I'd have for a short time, particularly when I was feeling down and overwhelmed with things. I figured everyone thought that way sometimes but I guess it isn't exactly normal to sit there and fantasise about killing yourself and for it to make you feel better in a weird way. Anyhow, in the past, it was never something that really bothered me all that much because I was always sure that I wouldn't ever do it. 

Before they'd be passing thoughts, now the whole suicidal ideation thing has really ramped up and they're almost constant. I still wouldn't do it now though, despite everything I really don't want to die. It isn't so much because of I'm scared of hurting others; sure it would give people something to talk about but I'm pretty sure most of the people I know wouldn't truly care if I did; it's mostly that I just don't want to do it for myself.

Things aren't great now, but the way they're going, when I think about the next few months I'm almost certain they're going to get infinitely worse. I have tried so hard to fix things and get back on top of things but every time I do, it seems something happens that drags me back and I'm in a worse predicament than I was in before. The mountain of things to tackle grows much bigger and I have even less time to do it all in, so it all feels a lot more unmanageable and overwhelming. I don't want to be a quitter but I'm just so tired. Eventually soon, I know there's going to come a point where there will be no fixing things and it will be too late. So while now I can say that no I wouldn't do it, when that time comes I'm not so certain that I can say that I trust myself not to. I don't know how I would even begin to deal with things then. Honestly, I think that would be the point where I'd finally snap and loose it. Things would be really really bad and knowing that I wouldn't ever be able to fix them and every day would be a constant reminder of that; it scares me because a part of me feels like that would be the thing that would finally push me over the edge. It's a weird feeling to be scared of yourself. But I guess I sort of am. I don't even know how I became this version of myself. It just scares me to think that I wouldn't want to die, but when that did happen it'd feel like the ''best'' option and I'd do it. 

I can't really think that far ahead into the future these days because it's like this voice in my head (not a real one) just keeps telling me that there isn't going to be one so what's the point? I like to think of myself as a pessimistic optimist, but I'm scared to think of what happens when the hopeful part of me is finally gone. For now, making dark jokes about all of this is one of the only things that keeps me going. Sort of like if I can still joke about it maybe it isn't so bad. I don't know, I guess I'm just tired. 