Going through life as a passengerI only came here because /r/suicide is apparently completely inactive. I have what some people might consider an okay life. I live at home with one of my parents, have a shitty job at a warehouse store, and attend an okay college. I have no means of transportation, and I have to rely on family members to take me places I need to go. I feel like all I do is eat, sit in a car, and go to class or work. The last real friend I ever had was in first grade, and I haven't had a real relationship in about five years. I've been dealing with depression for the last six months, but that isn't the only problem. Because I have no real transportation and I can't really support myself, I don't really have any control over what I do. I go where they tell me to go, I do what my boss tells me to do, I listen to what the professor says. All I do is sit down and listen to people all day long. The only free time I have is when I come home and play games at my computer. It's the only thing I have that I've really earned. I spend almost 2500 dollars on it by now and I'm really proud of it. It's my only real accomplishment. My mother recently signed both of us up for a year of healthcare and she wants me to pay 350 dollars per paycheck towards it. That's basically all I earn. I've tried to tell her that I don't want to have health care if it means that I have no money, but she won't hear any of it. I really do need the insurance. I have severe gynecomastia and a history of knee problems, and a meniscus surgery from 2008, but I don't want to have health insurance if it means I can't save any money towards a car or my tuition. At my warehouse store job, I've been having a lot of orthopedic pain and joint problems. I tried to talk to my parent about taking an extra day off (I already have 2 days off- dedicated to going to classes), but she started shouting at me after I explained to her calmly about why I wanted to take the extra day off. I've talked to my dad and my grandmother about it, and my dad is the only one of them all that seems to understand my point of view even a little. In the classes I'm taking, I've done awfully for the past two years. I've taken a few programming classes that I do really well in, but I've always failed them because there is an online component that I always forget about. I know that is a problem of my own making, but I'm stuck with it. I'm afraid to look at my GPA. I've only taken on two classes this semester, and I'll hopefully do well on those if I can make it through the month. But I still feel like I'm coasting. I'm really afraid of becoming homeless or going to jail to a rediculous degree. I could have probably moved out of the house at a point, but I haven't because I didn't feel secure in my previous job and was afraid that I wouldn't be able to make it on my own, or someone would break into my apartment and steal all of my things. I personally feel like I'm going nowhere. I'm doing badly in my classes, I'm treated like a child by my family. The people I live with treat me like I'm only there to do chores. My dad is unsympathetic at best, but he's probably the best family member in the lineup. I would go live with him, but he lives in Arizona, and the last time I lived with him I developed a stutter because I was afraid of how he reacted to certain schoolwork I had. My whole life has been shit, and I have no control. I can't keep living like this. I've looked into buying poison capsules on the internet for killing myself with. I don't know if I want to kill myself or not, but from what I can see, I have literally no future. Just a dead end job hauling around cans of peas all day. I don't know what to do.