Advice, support, anything for a mom of a 13 year old who wants to dieGod I love this kid.  She is the most amazing thing in the world.  And she wants to die.  Maybe not die, but make the world stop hurting her.  

She is struggling with anxiety beyond measure.  She doesn't want to go to school.  She has hurt herself.  Twice we have had to take her in for a safety check.  She is still not okay.  A good counselor has been found.  

Prozac made it worse.  We are trying something else now.  She is lying to me about it.  I know she texted the hotline yesterday and lied about what is going on and then when I asked her if she is reaching out  she said no.  I think she lies because she doesn't feel like she has a "reason" to be this way.  

While I had her phone I texted the hotline and asked what to do on the thread they had.  I told them she is making things up and we agreed better text them than friends and I deleted my interaction so she won't know, I know.  She tells them we yell at her, sold her horse out of spite (um we have a fish, but no horse) that she sits on railroad tracks and jumps off just as a train gets there (the only railroad tracks she can get to are dormant) that we have grounded her..... she told all this to a friend out of town last week and we ended up in a cop car to the hospital.  

But I'm not mad, she is that desperate.  She doesn't know how to do emotion.  3 years ago a foster teen daughter came and the house went from painfully emotionless to chaotic.  In march her cousin killed himself at 18, he was gay and schizophrenic.  I've always had in the back of my mind that my daughter may be gay.  In April we told them we were divorcing and in July, I moved out.  In august she had to run for her life to escape a house fire.  And then my little crowd hating introvert went from an outdoor school of 50 to 7th grade.  

So I get it.  I get the hell out of it.  And I see the bright future ahead of her.  Maybe even 6 month from now.  But how do I help her find it now?  How do I keep her living long enough to push through this?  I'm getting desperate.  I'm scared.  I needed someone to tell this to.  Thank you for listening. 