I seriously feel like a shell, Everyday is a struggle...I’m 17/m. I'm terrified of life. I have no friends or girlfriend. Most of this is my fault though. I had a girl but I broke up with her a few months ago. I was really stressed out about life and I was worried that the relationship was changing me if that makes any sense. I used to be friends with her brother but I cut him and most of my old friends out of my life because they were nothing but drama queens. I often stay awake at nights wondering if I lost the girl I was supposed to be with. It wasn't like we just had a quick silly relationship it was a real thing. Slowly over time we developed feelings for each other and we eventually just clicked. She was a really sweet girl and I wasn't the best boyfriend to her. Sometimes she would want to go somewhere or do something but I'd just say i'm busy or I had to work or something. Looking back on it I wonder why I did that. It doesn't seem like me. I even felt guilty over the sex we had. I just felt dirty and awful for days after. I felt like a scumbag, it just felt weird having someone care for me like she did.

I really worry that she was my one chance at love. I know I know I'm 17 and haven't experienced the world yet but she really did love me for me. I can't get her back even if I tried my hardest. She's with another guy. She started dating him 2 weeks after we split up. It hurt me but I was the one who ended things. The other night I texted her and told her how I felt. She listened and understood but she told me that it's over and I need to move on and that I'll find an amazing girl in the future. I'd like to believe that but I'm not the best looking guy. I'm short and pretty average looking and kinda boring. I did learn a lot from the relationship. In a weird way the heartbreak was kinda a good thing. I've learned to be a better person and really treat people with much more respect. I really worry that I'm going to be punished for breaking her heart. I worry that because I hurt her someone will come along and hurt me worse. I've learned my lesson, these past few months have just been hell. I've learned that people aren't just objects and love ins't a game it's something you have to take care of and maintain almost like a car. My mental health has plummeted, I do have a therapist but I'm not so sure it really helps.

Aside from me losing her I pushed all my old friends away from me. This I really don't regret doing. They were toxic people looking to manipulate me and cause drama over every little thing. I've never seen any other men act like these fools. So I just stopped talking to them, just up and walked away. Told them I couldn't handle the bs and left. Of course they didn't like this but I had to do it. Now I find myself very lonely. All I do is work and come home and eat and I'll play some video games every now and again. I try to go out and do things and find my own fun but I just find myself constantly lonely and upset. I've tried making new friends at work but they aren't really my kind of crowd.

I'll be starting my senior year this fall and I can't wait to just get it over with. I just want to go to college and meet new people and get a fresh start. My dad works as a security guard for one of the local colleges so I get free tuition. I'm sure that I don't understand how great that is, I don't really even know what to major in. I'd also like to join the military at some point in my life. I'd like to have an adventure before I get to old and I've always been interested in the military. If I can't decide on what I want to do I'll just drop out of college and join the military or If I do find something I like I'll get a degree in it and then join as an officer.

I work at Walmart and today a guy who I work with told me how he works at McDonald's from 7-3 then he comes to Walmart and works 4-11. He's had 3 divorces and everyone of his ex wifes cheated on him. I really don't want to end up like that. I want to start living. My cousin gave me some great advice when it comes to life and love. He told me to never be afraid of losing people and to never ever think that a girl you dated was "the one" because there are millions like her. I see his point but it's just in my programming to freak out about these things. I worry that i'll eventually just marry out of convenience and end up getting cheated on. I've seen how terrible that is, My mom cheated on my dad twice and it just turned him into a shell of a man. I don't want to be like that. I feel like I'm destined to explore and to see as much as I can see. Idk If I really believe in all that spiritual mumbo jumbo but multiple people have told me that I have an "old soul" about me. That there's just something about me that gives off an old soul vibe. Maybe that's true maybe not we'll never know. I just want to live my life. I want to make great life long friends and I want to fall in love with an amazing girl and become the man I want to be.

I'd like to think I'm not a bad person. If someone needs my help then I'm there. I'm a personable person I'll talk to just about anyone. I always try to see everyone point of view and understand how everyone is thinking/feeling. I'm not stingy with my money either, sure I'm trying to save money but if someone needs some cash I'll help them out. I'm more of an introvert so I don't have a super outgoing personality. Everyone at works seems to like me and at school i've had my fair share of headbutts with a couple of not so pleasant people but I don't go out of my way to start problems.

I've been really working to improve myself but It just feels like I'm stuck. There's nothing really driving me forward. If anyone can give me any advice at I'd really appreciate it. I've used this analogy in my older posts but I'll use it again. The best way I can describe how I'm feeling is I feel like I'm on a ship in the ocean. I'm at the helm, just me and a compass and a thick film of fog surrounding the entire vessel. I can pick any heading on the compass but I wont know whats in front of me

I just don't know who I am anymore. What's the point of going on if i've already messed my life up. I feel like complete shit. I guess I deserve this punishment.