I have no one now.I always kept my depression hidden from everyone for years. 2 years ago I thought my life couldn't be any worse. The thought of college was scaring me since I didn't do very well in high school and I wanted my mom to be finally be proud of me but I didn't want to fail her. I had a few friends back then and they were great friends until they found out I was depressed and I had tried to kill myself for the first time and almost succeeded.

However, before that happen, I met this girl. It was actually through twitter but she lived close to me. We began talking, and then we hung out and I ended up having feelings for her. I never told her how I felt until she told me she liked me first. We began dating and it felt amazing. I felt happy for the first time in a while. We were very alike but very different at the same time. She tried her hardest to understand me and she was the very first person I opened up to about my depression and how I felt about myself and living. As time went by, I wasn't depressed anymore basically. I had her. I had someone who cared and loved me and didn't judge me. I was in love with her and she was in love with me, or so I thought.

After 6-7 months of dating, she began changing. She wouldn't hang out with me as much. She wouldn't talk to me as much. We began arguing for no reason. She tried changing I guess but it didn't last long. I noticed she was talking to this guy and I asked her about it and she said it was one of her really close friends, and since I didn't want to chase her away, I went along with it. It turned out that was her boyfriend as well. They began dating. I found out and showed her how I found out and she said that he was using her to make her ex jealous and I didn't buy it but again I went a long with it. I wanted her to stay because somehow she begged me to stay. I finally found out the full truth and we broke up. I was alone again. I experienced the worst summer in my life. I still had 2 of my friends but even that they had girlfriends to be with and a family to hang out with and eventually they left me too.

College started up again and she decided to get back together. I kept telling her no but deep down I wanted her badly so I eventually gave in and got back with her. This time around I had a new circle of friends who partied and liked drinking and doing drugs (I don't normally bash on this. I've done it for my own pleasure as well but it wasn't something I glorified or did often). Things were going fine between her and I and again, she began distancing herself and she said she didn't want to be with me. She was bored. We stood as friends and after a week, she started talking to one of the guys I was friends with behind my back. I had her Twitter account on my phone and I read some messages between them and they were making fun of me, calling me a degenerate, a loner, a no body, crazy, all types of stuff. It really fucked me up in the head. The person I trusted the most left me and used everything personal about me just make another guy laugh. I had lost it and I tried killing myself again. It didn't work at all. I tried my hardest to overdose on pills and I ended up waking up very groggy and high and just took my ass to class. I stopped being friends with everyone I was friends with that year (I change my circle of friends very often, i never found anyone or a group of people that I can actually fit in with).

Eventually I forgave her, and we began flirting with her again and this time around she really was begging me to take her back and I really didn't want to. I wanted to move on. I wanted to start all over so I transferred to a different college in a different city just so I can stay away from everyone here. Again, being the idiot I am, I took her back and it was going fine for only a month and she got bored again and left me. This time she said "I do know you're the one for me, but I feel like we met at the wrong time". I was torn apart because she was the only person ever I really tried hard to keep in my life and she kept taking me for granted and treating me like shit and calling me crazy every time we argued. She would tell me stuff like "I treat other guys better", just to hurt me. She went back to the guy who used to be my friend and it hurts she rather treat a guy who made fun of me for being depressed and trying to kill myself way better than me. 

Now, I'm alone. I still talk to her. She only talks to me when she wants to. She still treats me like I'm nothing. She ruined my life. I don't want to keep going to school. I don't have the passion to actually make something out of myself. I lay down on my bed and drown myself in negative thoughts and suicidal thoughts until I snap and even then I wake up the very next morning because it's impossible to hang myself and I don't own a gun to shoot myself with. I don't want her back. I want the girl I fell in love with, the girl who loved me and cared about me back. I wish I still mattered to her. She didn't even try to stop me when i told her I was going to kill myself. She tells me she loves me but I can't believe it. Now I have no friends, no girlfriend, I have no body. 

Hopefully tonight I can actually go through with this next attempt since I lost every reason to live. I have never felt so alone. I just want to matter to her.

EDIT: I know I made a lot of typos on here, I really didn't want to proof read this, I just wanted to vent. 
