i'm just so tired yknowman i feel super shitty posting this but I have. Literally nobody to talk to about this. I honestly feel exhausted of existing in the sense that the thought of continuing life makes me wanna cry, as in. This is it this is life and it's here until I grow old and die or take it into my own hands. I'm in high school (and yeah. I feel pretty silly fitting into the depressed high school student stereotype but I can't really deny it) and have to think of college and it's just a nightmare. I'm scared and tired just thinking of having to live the rest of my life in this routine of waking up feeling like crap, going somewhere and returning to fall asleep and repeat. I don't think I want to die, but I just want to fall asleep forever. Like close my eyes one night and then never wake up. I can't get the thought of taking all the pills I can find in the house and just going to sleep all tucked in to my duvet and not worrying about waking up (even if this is a constant thought I don't think I'll go through, because I'm rather scared of either it failing and having to confront my parents and friends, or actually dying and imagining the grief I'll cause to those around me), and it's just a thought I cannot stop having. I don't want to worry my friends with this, because most of my friends are like me (a bunch of gay depressed teens going to a religious school), and I try to keep a positive image of myself to lighten the mood. I can't go to the school counselor because they're contractually obligated to contact parents if a student mentions suicidal thoughts or intentions, and I really REALLY cannot bear the thought of having to look at them face-to-face after hearing how I've been feeling for a few years now. I honestly don't know where this is going- I'm studying right now as I type, and I just needed to get this off my chest (I found this place by googling "I don't wanna die i just wanna sleep forever", and this is my first time using reddit) because I tend to feel better after typing out these sorts of things. Yeah,,