letting it outi really want to die. painlessly but i know that’s hard to do. i live in a place where suicide is not really a common thing, it’s quite taboo and my parents would never understand. my sister suffers with depression and once confided in my mother that she wanted to drive into a wall. obviously not my mothers fault because she hasn’t been brought up the way to understand, but my mother brushed it off and said “you just need to exercise and eat better” . for me, that’s just not the solution to my sadness. it comes in bursts some days i barely think about my sadness but just when i think i’m getting to be okay again it will take over me and possess my whole body. ultimately i’m too much of a coward to do the deed. i’m scared of pain even though it won’t matter in the end. but i’m scared of the aftermath, even though my parents are sheltered and uncultured i don’t think that they would blame themselves they know i only have two close friends and they are literally all i have no one in my school likes us people spit and laugh at us. i don’t get out much and i don’t have the quality of life. i’m scared of the aftermath because i know my parents are gonna hurt when i’m gone i know my sisters are gonna cry themselves to sleep most nights i know that my dog will be waiting for me to come home. i know i’m being selfish but i physically can’t cope with being here. after i’m gone my father will have the dog my two sisters have eachother and their boyfriends and my mother had her boyfriend. it hurts me to wake up everyday i’m scared to go out in public because i know people genuinely hate me. i can’t picture myself in the future i can’t picture it at all. im 78% convinced that i want to take my life but i’m worries i’m aware that suicide just passes on the pain but i’ve got so much pain on my shoulders it’s draining me so much. i’m going to write suicide letters tomorrow. i don’t want anyone to blame themselves because it’s me who’s the problem my family doesn’t have to live with me everyday but i do. every morning i have to wake up and be with myself 24/7. i have to look in the mirror and realise that i am who i am and i’m ultimately all i have. i fucking hate myself. i really want to die. thanks for letting me get a small load off i just need to breathe and plan this out. i have one more day in school and then i can just hibernate and figure out my end. i just don’t want to hurt my family but i know that i will it’s inevitable just like my suicide. thanks for reading sorry it was a bit long :)