I don't see a point of living in this world anymore.My life has been bad ever since I had to move into my grandma's house last year. When I was living with my mom in our old house I was able to keep things together mentally, but I just can't anymore. Living 6 miles from the nearest other person does not help my mental state. I tried to go to the school in the town "near" my house but the principal said they wouldn't accept me and made me go to a school for kids with mental issues. (Not trying shame these kids because it isn't their fault but was very hard to deal with. There was literally screaming and kids getting dragged into a locked room every 10 minutes, doesn't make it easy to do the menial work they make you do.) I did have a less than 50 percent attendance rate the year before but that shouldn't mean I have to sit in a fucking Karen's car for 2.5 hours each day to go to school with 2 other kids in the car that won't shut up (they wouldn't let me drive myself). Then the virus happened and I have to stay in the house with my grandma until august when I get to go to university in the capital of my state. I hadn't even left the house since December so I'm used to it I guess. I don't even know how I'm going to pay 50000 per year to get a cs degree when I have asbergers syndrome, and I only have 8 dollars to my name. Even if I am able to magically graduate without going bankrupt, there's barely any computer science jobs within 100 miles of me, and nobody is going to hire an autistic loser like myself. If I do get hired I will just be spending my life paying off house loans student loans car loans etc until I die. The only thing positive in my life is my shih zu dog Smokey, but he's 12 so he won't be around for much longer, and him dying will make my mental state 1000x worse because he's the only thing keeping me on this world. Every night I think of him seeing my dead body and I can't do it when he's here because it'll make him cry and be sad. I'm posting here because I don't wanna go to the same mental hospital for the seventh time. Sorry that you had to read this. Goodbye.