I almost killed my self February 5, 2020 without anyone knowing and i want to do it again.Some back story. During this time I was going through a very rough breakup cliche. She cheated on me with one of my best friends and I was fucking devastated. It happened a few days after new years because on new year’s eve my drunk ex admitted that she “didn’t love me” and “didn’t care”. this devastated me. the lead up to this moment though was one of my other exes hacking my instagram and messaging my friends and saying stuff like i’m a terrible person and stuff like that. after the breakup though me and my ex were still talking and admitted to each other that we still had feelings for each other. When my other ex messaged her though that all changed. She blocked me on everything and told me to never talk to her again. This devastated me further and led me towards suicide. One day I just left school because I saw my “best friend” and her hugging in the hall and that’s when I realized that I had enough. I left school and listened to Oasis (that’s the band i listen to when i’m sad) as I drove to the nearest bridge. I was screaming to myself that “HOLY SHIT IM ACTUALLY FUCKING DOING THIS” and stuff like that. When I finally got to the bridge I parked my car on the bridge, got out, and I walked and stepped over the guard rails. It was a cold and foggy day so you couldn’t really see anything. I watched as people looked at me over the guard rails. I felt my hands start to freeze up from all of the stress I was going through and i started to tear up. next thing I know I go back over the guard rails and i’m back in my car and i’m driving back to school. i’m screaming and panicking over what just happened. I called the suicide hotline and explained the situation. she recommended that I pull over and I talk to her so I did. I talked to her until I calmed down a little bit and she recommended that I call a relative and explain what happen. I tell her that I will and I hang up. i’m too afraid of what my friends and family will think of me so I don’t tell anyone. I go back to school and act as if nothing happened. 

now, onto right now

Ever since that has happened i’m pretty sure i’ve developed some sort of PTSD because the smallest thing could remind me of the situation and I could just start intensely shaking and just go full breakdown. Well that has just happened and I just don’t know what to do anymore. I want to do it again. if I do it again I want to actually do it this time.