Not as serious - just wanted to say it outI always end up rambling and writing such long paragraphs, so I'm very grateful to whoever takes the time to read through all of it.

Ever since my ex committed suicide, I've been seeing it as a viable option more and more often. I hadn't talked to him for two years and we both had an amicable ending, but it still hit me hard. I really feel like there's nothing in my life that I can be passionate about for long enough. I'm unable to get emotionally close to anyone, no matter how much of a "vulnerable and open" facade I put on to attract people at first. I used to have social anxiety and used method acting as a way to assuage it, but I never actually solved my underlying issues. Just last week I had a fight with one of my guy friends, and although he apologized very soon after (and I as well), I told him not to expect me to be responsive for a while, then proceeded to basically ignore him for the next few days. I honestly didn't think I was acting much differently (I typically greet people sparingly), but there's such an odd atmosphere between us now. Although he can still talk to me, there's an air of "avoidance" surrounding us, and often times he won't meet my eyes. I'm absolutely terrified of bringing this up because of what happened the past few times I tried to with my exes, and I feel so selfish for thinking more about my own fear than what he might be going through. We were just getting closer too, although the more he messaged me the more freaked out I started feeling about being "known." The way I snapped back at him mirrored all the past cycles I've caused, where I'd find any reason to instantly widen the distance between the other person and I, even if I ended up regretting having fought in the first place. My roommate and I have already stopped talking to each other because of this, but this guy is someone who I actually started to value. To be honest though, the need to mention things to him probably only stems from my constant desire to "improve" and develop myself in some way, regardless of whether the process of embarrassment or discomfort will actually change anything within me this time around. At the same time I'm also just scared of the possibility that he doesn't even care that much about being around me again anyway (even though I'm probably giving off that vibe too), because who really values my existence? I don't think anyone aside from, customarily, my family, would care if I died. They might be shocked, sure, but I'd probably be forgotten not long after. These thoughts have been with me for a while, but only after this did I really realize the extent of my dysfunctional coping mechanisms.

Besides the rational idea of burdening my family with grief and/or financial issues with burying me though, the only other thing that's stopping me is my eating disorder. I'm a "recovered" anorectic but the worse I feel, the more I turn to losing weight to distract me. And it actually does help my immediate emotions immensely, and yet I know that even if it makes me less unhappy, it only brings me closer to a death passively carried out.

I've read in other places that suggest I volunteer or find a way to give back to others, but to be honest the feeling of having helped someone has never stuck with me for long enough to make a difference in my mood. Part of my social anxiety came from the feeling of inability to listen and respond to people's emotions properly, and once I worked on that, the "emotionally helping" part became a default state. And yet in the face of my own vulnerabilities, I lose it completely, as demonstrated in my story above. Overall, I just don't feel like I can live stuck in this cycle for years to come, and also have to deal with working a job I will likely come to despise, while being nagged at by my parents for not getting married. I'm only 20 - in college, mind you - and they're already asking if I can stick with a boyfriend for more than half a year.

Like I said, my thoughts of suicide are really not as severe as some of the others I see on here, and I don't mean to invalidate anyone who's going through tougher issues. I do appreciate anyone who actually reads through all of this though.