I really don't know..I really don't know what I'm doing with myself. I'm almost always questioning myself and looking for reasons as to why I shouldn't off myself. I've found the worse things get for me the more school I fall behind on and sleep through. I guess I should explain. When I was younger (I'm almost 17 now) things were pretty normal. My dad was never around, he was an alchoholic and drug dealer for our neighbour.. but I found that out years later. My one large problem was growing up with my bi-polar brother, and dealing with his mood swings which involved abusing me on a regular basis.. I've come to terms with things as far as that goes, but it's very hard for me to spend any time with him without getting anxious and completely angered. He's recently injured himself and has to stay with us for a couple months and I'm trying to cope. On top of that, my mom is dating a guy that often makes fun of me for being vegetarian and tells me I'm a worthless piece of shit.. and my mom allows it. I know I don't always treat my mom well because she's always asking me for money, and I really just want to save for university, but I'm in complete shock that she allows this. I shouldn't be though, because she often neglects me and my sister; not knowing what classes we have, telling us to buy our own school supplies while she spends her disability cheques on junk food. Anyways, this boyfriend of hers was just screaming at me about how I should give him respect and how i'm a worthless fucking punk and if I'm not careful that I should watch myself around him.. my mom told me that i should shut up and let it be. The only person who is trying to defend me or say anything is my brother. I can't get in any contact with my dad because my parents broke up and he's living at a camp in the territories I just don't know what to do. This is really hard for me to deal with on top of the fact that I've been going to counselling on and off for the past few years. I really wish it was easier to die.  If it wasn't for the fear of ruining my girlfriend I'd commit suicide, but lately I'm not even sure if that's enough to stop me.