I need to find a way to leave no bodyI am planning on killing myself. I am 21, jobless, haven't gone to college yet, have so many health problems I need help with, got thrown out by my parents as soon as I turned 18, dont have bank account, can't drive, am very ugly and am so far away from anyone who I would want to be right now. I have no idea how to start fixing my life and my girlfriend essentially told me she can't help me at all anymore and needs me to do sex work and make to make any money possible. I was abused so severely by my parents and I have a horrible relationship with my girlfriend. My dream job will never happen because I am too old to start now and am too fat to start any time soon, and my eating disorder iis making me sicker. I have no idea how to get medical help with no money or insurance but I get extreme severe migraines every day for hours as soon I get stressed, which is every morning to every night . I can't get a job because I'm in so much pain but I have no money to get treatment for this or my extreme anxiety from how ugly I am. I don't have the money to go to the doctor to get help for these migraines and am not eligible for my states Medicaid because I'm not registered as disabled and don't have child. Everyday I am miserable and am so depressed my house is filthy and I feel so disgusting constantly. I fight with my girlfriend all the time and don't do anything right. I have no hobbies an di have no energy to even get water. We just moved into a new really nice apartment she can afford completely but I have so much left to do with all this fucking garbage that represents all the dreams and hopes i had as a child in boxes I can never use but can't bring myself to throw away. There is no way to fix my life. I have no idea where to even start aND I have no resources .  But I cannot scar my girlfriend by making her see my dead body in our home. 

She is applying for her works insurance soon and as soon as she finds a therapist who I know can help her get through this I am going into the woods and lighting myself on fire. I don't want her to have to identify my body in anyway she can see it. As soon as she gets a therapist, I'm going to do it. I have no other choice anymore . I've been alive for as long as I could of been I think.