I need help ASAPLet me start off by saying Me and my mom are diagnosed critical depression, not clinical, I mean extreme. My whole life I was a sheltered little softy and as I grew up I started experiencing things that made me tougher, my brother abusing and torturing me and my sis for half our lives, the beatings and screaming and hiding. My life has turned me away. I gained a lot of weight, I had no friends at all, I was a lazy piece of shit with a trashed room. Just come home, ignore homework, get drunk, play games. I fluctuated with my fluoxetine for a while and went into a very temperamental episode. Since all of that happened I meet the love of my life, we have already been through so much together, I swear to you I had my finger on the trigger gun to my chin ready. I thought she had saved me, for the first few months I was super happy but recently with some news everything has changed back. I started to lose weight I gained a lot of muscle I was active and happy I was ready to start a new life, but recently I’ve been going down that deep dark hole again and I’ve contemplated numerous times and held a skinning knife to my neck and just saying “DO IT JUST FUCKING DO IT”. But I can’t. I can’t do that to her I can’t at all. It would destroy her and she would probably follow suit if I did it. So now I’m just stuck in my depressing life with no way to escape yet the yearning desire to end it all resides in me constantly. I love her so much I never want to leave her we are perfect, but I know if I ever lose her I won’t be alive for more than enough time to reach a gun or knife. I don’t want to live anymore. I want to DIEEE. BUT I CANT I JUST CANT DO IT TO HER OR MY FAMILY IM STUCK. she doesn’t know that it’s this bad, and I don’t want her to because it will only sadden her. Please help me. Advice or suggestions. My life is going nowhere and all I have is her. My parents have terminal illnesses and won’t be alive for more than a couple of years and my sister has started hard drugs and can overdose any second. I’m so scared and idk what to do. Everyone I love is dying and she can’t comfort me enough to keep me from having these thoughts.