Today Felt Like An Utter Failure...January 17th was supposed to be one of the highlights of 2018. My husband's 24th birthday. I had it all planned out. got a new well-paying job in November, and was going to save up lots to make him have the best darn party he's ever had. Last year ended with a fist fight between him and his dad, and other shit I'd rather not talk about. but this year...I had bought bacon, eggs, the works for a surprise Breakfast In Bed, balloons, streamers, handmade cards, ingredients for Tacos for dinner, a cake i made all by myself, just or him (A chocolate devil's food cake with peanut butter inside and milk chocolate icing), and beer so he could have a good time. he said it's the best party he's had in years. 

BUT.

there's one thing he wanted me to do. butt stuff. as in Anal Sex with him, for his birthday. Now, we've done this before, mind you, but last time we did it, he tore me good, because I was too tense, and I couldn't use the washroom for a week without excruciating pain. it instilled a lot of fear in me to kick that back up again.
now in his drunken state, he's threatened to "find a girlfriend who WILL do it, and I'll be for everything else". 

I've already lost all hope this year. My fucking job sucks, I get the strong feeling everyone there hates me because I'm a fuck-up. I literally make wax castings of Tourist's hands for them to take home, and sometimes I end up cracking them. it's a form of art, and art is my fucking specialty, and i cant even do that right. my last job, manning a  McDonalds drive thru window from 10pm to 6am 5 days a week, PLUS going to visits with my daughter on Tues and Thurs was harder, but at least I could do that. come to think of it, i couldn't even fucking do that right. no wonder I was fired. I'm such a useless fucking human being. no one fucking likes me, I'm barely tolerable, and now not even my husband likes me, or at least that's how I feel. he went on a drunken rant as he was falling asleep, after EVERYTHING I had done for him today, I don't care about him. I don't love him. I feel like I don't make him happy. and I tried today. I really did. I don't have a friend in the world, and watching the other girls at work gather in a social circle to discuss the party they're having in the next few weeks, with majority of the work staff, made me realize even further just how alone I am. I don't go out. I don't "go shopping with friends", or go out for a coffee, or do anything, I work, I go to visits with my daughter because facs thinks i'm going to off myself any day (she's in kinship with my mother, my husband is her dad), no friends and a husband who thinks I don't love him, when in reality, I do, and a shitty job that I hate, despite it being me doing something that I love. 
when will this hurt end?
I got my drivers license on the 28th of December, 2017. I just want to go buy a shit car, fill up my wallet and the gas tank, and go. somewhere. up to Toronto, maybe, I don't fucking know. somewhere where I can plug in my music, and scream-sing through tears until all of my feelings are gone. until all my body parts are numb. until i cant fucking go anymore. 

who knows. out in the highways going to TO, maybe I'll get stranded on the side of the road and eaten by a pack of Coyotes...
I just want to be happy...I don't fucking know what that's like anymore.

all I do is lay in bed, stare at the ceiling, then at my funeral dress I bought for myself, and cry. 