I just need to ventHi, i dont really know how to start or where to begin, but ill just say what i need to as simple as i can. Im suicidal, and no, i havent cut or hurt myself, i havent stood on the edge of a building wishing i could muster the courage to leap off, and i havent put a gun to my head, wishing that i could just pull the trigger.

Ive been severely depressed for years, since i was young. I dont know why, maybe its because im obese, maybe its my social anxiety, or maybe im just some sort of a joke to whatever higher power there is. I have a loving family, and friends who care about me, i got most of whatever i wanted since i was young, and i was always close to my mom and dad.

I always wanted to be a writer or a creator of a tv show, a cartoon, something that would be able to show all different kinds of characters doing good despite what their skin color or sexual identity was. I thought up thousands of ideas for this story, but i was never skilled enough to write it out like a professional, find where to even pitch suxh a show, or even animate. 

I often feel like i wasted potential, i wanted to be great, but i couldnt do anything or make the right friends because of my weight, and i began to feel lonely all the time. Sure i have friends who spend time with me, but i just cant help but feel so disconnected, like theyre bothered to be with me, and i waste their time. I dont feel like im the one who deserves to be here when there were millions of others who never got the chance to be born.

Recently, my mom died, the one i was closest to, and my dad had cancer and im fearful it will come back because he refuses to stop smoking no matter how much i try and beg him to quit. He stopped for so long, and i just cant deal with both my parents being gone at 19. 

My brother, the one who seemed to have everything work out for him right out of highschool always wants me to attempt and get a job, learn to drive, all that stuff. Im lazy, ill be honest, and i did put it all off for a year after highschool, but now learning to drive and be on the roads is such a crippling fear, getting into a wreck, hurting someone else, getting fined if i do something wrong, its scary. Im sure getting a job wouldnt be that bad, but im afriad i couldnt do all they asked since i was so overweight, and i would get fired or reprimanded for it. Im afraid too that this means im losing my free time, that ill never be able to play games or do the stuff i love anymore.

All of it is piling up at once, the driving stress, the job stress, my weight, my dad potentially being sick, the loneliness, i just dont know what to do. All i do now is sleep and lay in bed, i have no motivation left. I just want to fall asleep and dream forever. I dont deserve life if this is how im using it, i should just stop existing.