Hell is living with yourself.I'm laying here, in my bathtub, with a kitchen knife. Its not even clean, and what sucks more is the last thing it cut was onion. 

Normally I wouldn't have the balls to slit my wrists, but I literally feel like a hollow, wounded thing. My girlfriend, the woman I love, has once again decided to sleep with other people. She has BPD, a mental disorder, and I suck at validating her intense feelings. She says she loves me, but her actions speak volumes above her voice. I love her too, with everything.

I don't have anything else in my life. I'm just a weirdo who's isolated from civilization. I have nothing going for me but this game that I've been writing, and although it would be fucking amazing when I got done with it I don't know that I have the skill as one person to make it look like anything other than a fucking text document. The only thing I have going for me is that I'm attractive, but I got really sick and lost most of my hair from stress so I look like a fucking troll doll that was left too close to the stove. I know what I did wrong, what I'm doing wrong, but it may be too late and I know that if it is I'm going to lose her forever. And I know if I haven't lost her I'm just going to resent her for fucking other people, again, for the rest of our miserable relationship. I don't want to be unhappy, but I don't know how to move on.

She wants to be in a relationship with me. She does love me, but she also wants to explore her sexuality with other people and it's destroying the last remnants of my parted soul. I literally bit some random guy on a hiking trail the other day in some kind of blurry haze of depression rage. I don't know what happened to him but I hope he is ok.

I'll be reading this fucking book, Living Someone With Borderline Personality Disorder by Shari Y. Manning, while I pump myself up to a point where I can kill myself. I sort of wish I knew what it felt like to be in a passionate relationship with someone without also hating their guts. There is no way I could possibly do that with the trust issues I have accrued through out these last 4 years.

My body is tingling unpleasantly and I can feel my breathing and heartbeat and it's freaking me the fuck out. I don't know why I'm writing any of this, or why I'm here. I don't expect to check back here before I do it. I guess this is my suicide note.

I think someone I know is informed about this account, so maybe they'll check it. I leave all my crap to my dad, not because I'm lazy but because I love him and I'm sure he will want some of it(Magic cards at the very least).