How do I "help"? (x-post for r/depression)this is a xpost from r/depression. I'm sorry if it's not the right subreddit.

Backstory: In a relationship with an amazing 20 year old girl for almost 5 months now but known each other for the better half of a year. She's told me about the hard things from her past and home life but was ALWAYS a good sport about it and would say "but it's fine". I'm naturally a "fixer" because that's how I've learned to deal with myself, selfishly putting myself and what I need to fix my problem first. She's opened up to me more than anyone in her life and feels "comfortable and safe" and makes it known she appreciates me.

I can't help but want to help though. I don't want her to continue to think she can't have the same happiness others have. She is literally unable to grasp the idea that people are content with life. She's never had any kind of genuine support from the beginning of middle school to now. I would do anything for this person but I really would like to just know how to help. My attempts at "fixing" immediate problems that caused her distress went well but now it's much bigger issues that aren't so straight forward. I feel helpless because I know when something is bothering her because she'll pull away from everyone and everything. She has tried to commit suicide before. She also has told me that she does have casual thoughts about not "doing life" anymore. Like while driving or sitting at home.

As far as what I've already tried to do to help. Talking to her and questioning her makes her mad if I keep doing it too long so I've learned to just listen now and fight that urge to reach a solution. I've no idea what depression is/how it feels so I've been combing google and reddit for the past couple months since I've started suspecting that she might be a little more than sad. I've seen our universities therapy center and talked for two sessions about how I can help. That was a dead end because they really can't help too much if the actual individual isn't there themselves. She did appreciate that I was willing to go though, almost like it made it more casual and not as daunting or stigmatized. I've learned to be more patient and less vocal when she talks about anything. She's a thinker type where it'll be silent but she's really calculating her next words. She hasn't admitted that anything might be a mental illness though, yet when I propose theoretical situations that me or her loved ones would feel/say the things she does she'd want them to feel better and that it isn't normal. I feel bad posting about it here because she trust me more than anyone else in the world about how she feels. I just don't know what else I could do or if I'm doing something wrong. But I figured anonymously asking some people who are familiar about the topic rather than actual people in my life is a good step towards understanding. Any insight, personal or general, about how you can "help" someone dealing with these thoughts/feelings is VERY helpful to me. I appreciate everyones comments.

TL;DR: Gf struggles with certain thoughts/feelings of selfworth and hopelessness. Doesn't know anything else because it's all she's ever known. Want to know how to help or what helps someone like this. She deserves to be happy too.