The concequences of my narcissistic, erratic, perfectionist and self hating personality have me considering permanently removing myself.I've struggled for a large part of my life with deep depression and social anxiety. Consequently I have almost no support network and my attitude is now bitter and stuck up. I feel as though my life is at an end because I'm stuck with a disordered personality.

The one persons support I do have, I am highly judgemental of and try to push this person away or see them as flawed or weird for being their goofy happy self. The guilt over who I am is substantial.

This person is actually wonderful when i take a step back and see past my attempts to bring them down. I'm highly jealous of their achievements, personality, life circumstances and happy nature.

I hate the judgement I cast on people and blame myself constantly.  I have no idea why that translates into nastiness within me when I know I should be greatful I have such a person in my life.

I haven't managed to keep a job for a long time (I've started at an estimated 18 jobs within 3 years.) Longest I've stuck to is 3 months. I have a large amount of anxiety around authority figures and people who I perceive as better than me by my own internal harsh critic "scoreboard". I swing between trying to impress people and thinking im better than everyone else. Criticism of others that might paint me as failable in some way sends me into a defensive aggressiveness. It's pathetic. I can't bond with people.

I try to put on a mask to socialise with others and hide these flaws but it doesn't work. I do actually want to have friends and socialise and smile but I'm not a good friend and I don't see myself as being able to socialise well or socialise "normally".

I am really stuck up and critical towards others. I guess it's to prop up my shit self esteem. I'm not proud of this.

Also I'm always shutting people out before I let them in because I'm scared of judgement or failing in some way socially. I can't just be myself or relax or be vulnerable to where I'm genuine enough to form real bonds. 

I guess some people don't realise they are an asshole or don't care that they are but I feel like i realise and don't actually like the fact that I am but I can't seem to "naturally" be good to others. It's like I have to hide my self to make myself likable in some way. I just mimick people who seem nice. Essentially my social attempts feel like a rehursed show. 

It fucking sucks and I feel like if I'm stuck being who I am... This person who I don't like then what's the point in living? 

Essentially I have destroyed my prospects in life and self esteem to such a point I'm not sure it's redemable and feel a repeating urge to gas myself in my car because I can't consider myself a well providing member of society. I feel like if I don't have anything but nastiness and judgement to add then I'm doing the world a favour.

If you got this far through my disorganised rant then thanks! Roast away.