Holding it by a thread.I'm a stay at home dad during the day and a medical pot grower at night. I am married with two kids so while my wife works at a dispensary I am home with the kids, the oldest we have is almost 3. My days consist of waking up to a hungry baby and three year old, while my wife gets ready for work, she wakes them with her non stop alarms and banging around in the mornings so no matter how late I'm up caring for the grow I am up at 7 am every morning. While I take care if the babies in the morning I'm bitched at about how I either am not doing a good enough job with the kids,house, or maybe because I was gone too late last night so I must have been cheating.Throughout the day she will blow up my phone asking who has been over and constantly asking if I am cheating. I've noticed random people suspiciously driving slowly past my house clearly trying to see into it. I have never been dishonest with her or ever even received a complement from any women since we've been together so idk why she is always thinking I'm cheating. When she gets home I get complaints about what I made for dinner or something I might have missed cleaning or even if the kids are wet after her being home for an hour without me changing them. Or I'm ignored while she  is in her phone till she falls asleep. Then to my lonely grow room to wallow in my pathetic depression. I just feel worthless and dead inside, I've lost the only people I feel like that has ever loved me this year and I'm not sure why I deserve to be in so much pain. I'm sick of this path I'm going down and what's making it even harder is that I know my babies won't be taken care of well if I'm gone but I can't be the dad I should be. I'm worthless and I can't do anything right, I destroy everything I touch, everyone and everything I love dies and goes away. I try so hard to make friends to have anyone to talk to but every time I have someone around my wife is mean or they just disappear like I did something to make them angry. I don't know what's wrong with me I've worked so hard to make everyone around me happy but I feel as if they all would rather me gone.
I dont know what to do anymore, I don't think I am able to hang on anymore, I have no one and no where to go and I don't know what to do. 