I dont know anymoreIm at a point where I dont know what to do in life. I used to have a account on here before but I couldnt remember the password so I made a new one.

My best friend refuses to talk to me anymore. I told her that I was depressed and that I wanted to die back in October and she told my school councilor, making things worse. I finally told the councilor in December that I wanted to kill myself, and after that my friend became more and more distant. In January she flat out told me to stop talking to her and she has not blocked me but she wont respond to anything I send her. I have tried to apologize and ive said that Im probably gonna get better, im going to counciling twice a month now and im on the generic brand of lexapro and it seems to atleast make me act less depressed. She doesnt want anything to do with me and I dont know what to do. She was my rock.

I had been clean for almost 2 months but I relapsed on Saturday and I couldve really used someone to talk to. I am scared to bring it up to her or even try to talk to her because she has pushed me out of her life and I dont want to seem helpless.

I've been taking meds for almost a month now and they make me not enjoy anything but it numbs the feeling of being depressed so it's like a constant state of ok. I still feel like dying but it's harder to concentrate on things now and I just kinda space out.

But on Saturday again I freaked out and maybe I should die. I mean my grades have dropped significantly, my friends are leaving me, Im losing playing time in my sport and I lost my position, and my life is at its limit.

I wanted to kill myself in march, before my birthday but I dont know I promised everyone I wouldnt and I had to lie to everyone and say I'm fine, even the doctor that I had to go to to get meds I had to lie to. But I think during spring break I'm going to either run away and hope that I can sustain myself with a better possibility of life or kill myself. 

I'm afraid to contact my friend because I dont know what she would do because she did report me to the school 3 times. 

Im so sorry to everyone I hurt or annoyed or anyone that I may have wronged. i am sorry about everything
