Climate change is driving me to suicideI was going to make a throwaway for this, but then I realised I didn't care.

I'm sixteen. I shouldn't be thinking about suicide. I have my whole future ahead of me!

Except no, no I don't.

I don't have a future, at least not one that I think is worth living for.

Climate change is fucking up our planet beyond repair, and we have twelve years to fix it. But we won't fix it. Not because we can't, but because humanity doesn't learn until it's too late. And my generation is going to take the brunt of that.

Up until recently, I had goals for my future. I was going to work hard at school and get into a selective college, where I was going to study subjects I love, and eventually try to get into politics. But I find it hard to see these goals as realistic anymore.

I know that I'm not going to get the chance to grow up. I'm not going to get the chance to have a fulfilling life. I'm not going to have children, or a husband, or a career. I'm going to be dead before I'm forty, because politicians are stupid and they don't care about my generation. I wanted to go into politics to change that, but I won't get the chance now.

I have no future because the world has stolen it from me.

Since realising this, my life has fallen apart. My grades have slipped drastically, I've stopped hanging out with friends, but I can't quite seem to care, because what's the point? I've been dedicating my life up until now to planning for my future, but now, suddenly I have no future, so what's the point?

I find it hard to enjoy life anymore. I don't smile like I used to and I rarely laugh anymore, because my lack of a future is always in the back of my mind. None of my hobbies seem to be enjoyable anymore, because, what's the point? I can't sleep anymore because I get so anxious at night thinking about what's to come, and I cry a lot now, too. I never used to cry, almost never at all.

I guess I'm just scared and depressed, because the future I've been planning for all my life is never going to happen through no fault of my own, and that's unavoidable. And the world, all of human progress, is fucked because we couldn't keep it together. I know that's kind of philosophical, and I'm sorry; I think too fucking much, but I can't help it. I am diagnosed with Anxiety, which probably doesn't help, but I know that this time, this isn't just me catastrophising. It's not just me, it's science.

I've thought about suicide a lot over the past three years (due to other things, and I guess my own stupid brain and it's stupid inability to work properly and not have Anxiety) but this feels like the closest I've ever been to the edge, because this is the most hopelessness and despair I've ever felt. And I hate feeling like this, because I usually try to be optimistic. I'm so used to looking for that "light at the end of the tunnel". But I can't do it anymore, I just can't. I'm just done. I can't see that light, because I can't see what I have to look forward to. Global warming, droughts, starvation, war, and a slow death are in my future unless I end it now.

But I'm scared. I think that's the only think that's kept me from ending it for three years: death terrified me. But even that fear is becoming less and less. I feel like death is in my future anyway, so I'd rather pick the painless option than just wait to starve. 

So I guess I'm posting here because I think I'm still desperately searching for a reason not to end it, because I haven't been able to find one yet and I'm desperate. 

I'm sorry this is such a rant. I know that no one wants my life story; I'm not that interesting. And I'm sorry if nothing makes sense; I'm scared.

Right now, I'm sitting in my bedroom, listening to my little brother laugh at something on the TV downstairs, and it's making me sob. I just want to be happy again, but I can't seem to make it happen when there's always something in the back of my mind telling me that it can't last because I have nothing to look forward to and nothing to live for.
