Need someone...anyoneI have not been this depressed in a long time...well I have been depressed just not to the point of thinking about suicide my entire day.  I have had a few bad phases in the past few years, and they all relate to wanting to kill myself.

I have never attempted suicide, and I have come to realize that it would not really solve anything.  It would do more harm than good and that is a kind of guilt I could never bare myself to bring upon others.  

I have no social support structure, none.  The Internet is my only out and my only way to talk to people about how I feel.  I hate that I pushed everyone I knew away, I hate that my family and I rarely speak (Even though I still live with them while I am in college).  I hate myself and I hate the thoughts I have.

I have been going to therapy for the past few weeks but it does not help at all.  I know what is wrong, and talking about how I feel does not change anything for me.  It does not change how I tend to feel at night, how my brain goes into overdrive, how it screams at me to die.  

Talking about my triggers, issues at school, people at work, nothing.  It does not matter to my brain who will just bring everything bad up, magnify it, and say I am not worth any of it.

I have a very cynical view on the world, and I feel numb to other peoples emotions.  My mom mentioned that she was going to go and look at a few funeral homes, that did not even graze me emotionally.  My grandma is not anywhere close to death, but I guess she just wants to be prepared.  

I should feel angry, upset, sad, nothing at all.  I am more disappointed with the world and people in general (Especially other Americans).  A lot can set me down into a spiral, and it tends to happen at least once a day now.  For the past two weeks I have not really enjoyed doing anything.  As mentioned I really do not have anymore friends that can hang out or would even want to. 

I have screwed up friendships, possible relationships, and I feel like a failure.  The problem being I know what people will say "It gets better" or "I know how you feel", I don't mind empathy or compliments to make me feel better, but I know people can never truly understand as each situation is unique. 

I just need someone to talk too, someone who can at least relate or understand the best they can.  Who can tell me it will be alright, that it will be fine, and that I don't need to go out and buy a nitrogen tank and place a bag over my head. 

Skype, AIM, e-mail, text, whatever...I just need a friend. 
