is living worth it?i really doubt someone will read this, so i don’t really know where to start this but i guess my question is, is it really worth living? i don’t see a future for myself at all. i’m only a young teenager but i stopped going to school about a year and a half ago. i haven’t been able to go back because i just can’t see myself catching up on a years worth of work. the whole time i haven’t been at school i’ve just laid in bed all day. i do nothing at all, i’ve become extremely bored, i try to sleep as much as possible so i don’t have to be awake and sit through the same bullshit everyday. i barely go out now, and since i’ve been home for so long i’ve really let go of myself. i’m extremely insecure now, the worst thing for me is my height, i’m a 5’3 female. i’m below the average height for my country yet i still feel like a giant and it’s brought me down so much. i can’t go out without being embarrassed of my height anymore to be honest it just gives me extreme anxiety. i find myself extremely unattractive in general as well, i feel sick looking at myself without makeup on, i have to take my mirror down and cover my phone camera with blue tack if i don’t have makeup on because it’s just so hard to look at myself. even with makeup i still look like shit. there isn’t a single thing about myself that i like, i hate my appearance, and my personality. there’s nothing special about me at all, no one cares about me either. i’ve tried to tell the few friends that i have about how i’m feeling and they really did not care. it kinda hurts. it feels like it isn’t worth it anymore because i feel like i’ll never have inner peace or whatever you wanna call it. i’ll never be able to look at myself and be proud of who i am, or even just look at myself and not immediately think of everything wrong with me. it feels like everything would be a lot easier if i just fell asleep. forever. i think about it every day if i’m honest. i just don’t know how i’d go about it.  i genuinely don’t want to be here anymore. every problem i have is unfixable. it feels like if i continue like this i’ll just end up more hurt, i’ve seriously tried everything to get over this, i went back to school for a week at one point and i just couldn’t bare it. i’ve went and seen a psychiatrist, that didn’t work out well, and i’m currently seeing a therapist but it is seriously not helping at all. i seriously feel like my life is not worth it and i really don’t know what to do anymore.