A Seven Year PactSo, seven years ago I went through a bad breakup in the beginning of Febuary. Like, really bad. The breakup was mutual, at least to a degree. My fiancee and I were living a few thousand miles away from each other and she thought that it would be better if we didn't keep torturing ourselves by living apart. I agreed, despite the fact that I still loved her because I thought it would be better for her if I was no longer causing her pain.

Shortly after I tried dating again, looking for the connection that I was missing after she and I broke things off. I know that I tried too soon, jumping into a relationship in march that was doomed from the beginning. In March I also saw my ex for the last time ever. Seeing her was again and knowing that we wern't together was one of the hardest things I have ever had to do.

Time passed on, I ended the relationship I was in after my ex's visit. Then I ended up in another one and the girl basically demanded I cut off all contact, remove my ex from my friends list on everything, and move on with my life.  I tried, I really did, and that relationship ended shortly thereafter. In the meantime the girl I was with told my ex that I unfriended her and that I didn't ever want to talk to her again. 

The month after, in the end of may on my 23rd birthday, I made a pact. I told myself that I needed to fix my life, snap out of the depression that was rapidly killing me, and get my life back on track. I made the decision that if I couldnt fix my life, find someone else that made me happy like that again, get the career I wanted, that my life would end on my 30th birthday. 

I tried to make contact with her, explain things, but she wouldnt respond.  A few years after when I found out my Ex was engaged again I tried to email her, once again to explain, but no responce. This year is my 30th. A lot has changed. I'm married, but there has always been a emotional intimacy missing. I thought that maybe I could fake being happy and make these thoughts go away. 

I have spent every day of the last 7 years as an emotional wreck, all I can feel is anger, pain, sorrow, and cheated. Every day I have to drag myself out of bed and go to work, and the whole time I think back on that pact and why I made it. I gave myself seven years to fix my life or to end it in the fashion that it deserved to be ended in. 

The beginning of this month I tried again to contact my ex. Because of all the people in this world, of everyone I have ever known, she is the only one that can save me. I dont even mean getting back together with me, its not a suicide ultimatum. She is the only person in this world that matters to me at all, and she is the only one that can prove to me that this life on this miserable hate-filled ball of dirt is worth living.

Still no responce, I have 40 days left until the end, the end of suffering that honestly I think is the only thing I have wanted for these 7 years. Sweet realease and the blissful non-existance that follows it. 

I failed as a man, I failed as a potential husband, and I failed to be a writer(the job I wanted). All I have done since 2006 is fail at everything that I hve attempted and this world will be a better place without me in it. My wife will miss me, but she will get over it. My family will miss me, but I only see them once a year at best, and it really wont be much of a change. I hope that my ex will miss me, but I truely doubt that she will even notice. 

I dont even know why I posted this here, I kinda feel like I need to tell someone why. I'm so tired all the time. So damned tired... Every day I have to lift myself up and put on my armor just to make it through one more miserable day. I am so tired of only being angry, and of having to hide it from everyone. 

My wife asks me whats wrong, but whenever I have tried to talk to her in the past it gets laughed off as unimportant. 40 days left until the end and still, the only person who can save me doesn't want to even acknowledge my existance. I think I'll just take that as the sig that it is, I shouldnt exist, so the time has come to keep my pact.