existence is a fucking nightmareevery fucking time something good happens, i know it's all gonna come crashing down. i'm either abandoned again or i self sabotage. i fucking hate myself and everyone in my life. no one ever stays and i have no fucking idea why i try to believe otherwise. i fucking hate that shitty primal instinct to survive.

i fucking hate being alive. every waking moment is fucking irritating or just plain painful. even when i'm in a good mood, i know something's going to ruin it and it fucking hurts. all the time. why does it hurt? why the fuck can't i feel emotions properly?? it's either too much or none at all and i fucking hate it. i hate how sad or angry i get for small things. i hate how aggressive i get over the most minuscule of shit. i hate how manipulative and attention seeking i can be out of desperation. i hate that i caused every single person i loved to abandon me by being a manipulative and abusive piece of shit. the world is better off without me, and i'm better off not being alive.

if i stay alive any longer, i fear i'm going to try to kill someone. i hate them all because they're the ones that made me so sick. they neglected me, outcasted me and abused me. i've always been outcasted. even when i started going to school. i dont know why. why are little kids so fucking cruel?? i've never had a close friend. i never even had someone that i had friendly conversation with outside of my family until i was ten. now the only two friends i have don't give a shit about me. i'm no one's best friend, no one's first choice. my parents wish they aborted me because i'm such a fucking needy and rude brat. my neediness and desperation caused me my biggest trauma and ruined my fucking life because i was a stupid, naive twelve year old that had no self worth.

consciousness is a fucking chore. everyone acts like it's so fucking easy to practise basic hygiene and order a fucking pizza but it's impossible for me. i can barely form coherent sentences sometimes. it's so hard to think and talk over all the noise and the yelling. it's overwhelming. all the thoughts. all the voices. all the noise. all the colours. all the sensations. it's too much. they all make fun of me and call me a lazy, pathetic fucking drama queen and i hate them. either that or they offer the most useless, recycled, garbage advice ive ever heard. shut the FUCK UP I HATE YOU ALL YOU JUST DONT FUCKING CARE ENOUGH WHY DID I EVER TELL YOU SHIT

my parents, my friends, the government and their fucking poor mental healthcare services have failed me and i blame them all for what i have become. i have been suffering for so long. since i was a primary schooler i wondered why it was so fucking hard to make friends and why no one liked me. i gave everyone my food, my money and my books. i became a fucking doormat to be 'liked'. why didnt anyone see how much it hurt? and why did it take me until i was nine years old to realise it was futile and no one would ever like me because i was fucking weird. and to realise that death is the only escape.

i will never be loved. i only ever attract people that use me and discard me like a piece of meat or i push away potential lifelong partners and friends with my shitty behaviour. i will never be who i want to be. i dont even know who that is. i dont even know who i am now. i am only what the people around me want me to be. i am but a husk. rotting from the inside out. i feel hollow. it will never fucking get better. it's only been getting worse. for 7 fucking years, i've been in a never ending downward spiral. when i think it can't get any worse, it just gets worse. fuck this lmao. i didnt ask to be born. i didnt ask to be mentally ill. i didnt fucking ask for what happened to me when i was younger. i didnt ask to be born into this dysfunctional family. i didnt ask to be born in this shitty country where no one cares about mentally ill people.

the only humane option is to just put me down like a fucking dog. i dont even fucking care anyone about the 'people that love me and care about me'. i dont give a fuck about who has to clean up the aftermath. i dont give a fuck about my family or my 'poor little brother that's going to have to attend his big sister's funeral'. i really could not give a fuck anymore. it hurts too much. all the fucking time and it's too much for me to handle anymore. fuck this, fuck that, fuck you all and fuck this shitty existence.

tranquility may only be achieved in the sweet release of death. my suicide is inevitable. be it now, or in a few years. i'll keep trying until i succeed. :)