And here I bid you adieuThe life I've lived has been less than spectacular.  So much so that I can count my accomplishments on one hand. I have a wife, kids, family, all of it and I am nothing more than a drain on their existence. I can't live this life anymore. Pretending to be a person I'm not.....why? Because society is a shit hole that has deemed the person I want to be a horrible concoction of perverted, sinful, and abusive among other things. My money management skills are among the most terrible. My rent was due 15 days ago and I'm - $200 right now. I'm emotionally a nightmare. Going through a day without being angry or sad is damn near impossible. My children are scared of me. My wife is scared of me. My pets are scared of me. I'm scared of me. My job is incredibly demanding, both physically and mentally with little return. In fact more often than not I'm judged on the things I'm doing wrong and yet the lack of my presence seems to cause an enormous rift in the functionality. My wife has deemed it necessary to open our marriage so she doesn't have to deal with anxiety of having sex with me anymore. I could go on and on honestly.

I know a great deal. Of you will try and find a silver lining to all of this. And I commend you for being able to look beyond the problem at hand, but this isn't a problem at hand so much as a reoccurring problem. The only portion of that that isn't new would be the open marriage part and even that has been an issue for sometime now. I'm tired. I'm physically in pain from the stress and self hatred. I'm beginning to drown myself in alcohol once again to escape it all. What sort of life is that? Sure, I'll be alice, but is it really alive if you spend the entirety of your free time deadening the thoughts with alcohol?

I have no idea what comes next. Maybe I'll see this god that everyone seems so happy about. Maybe I'll just fade to black like the end of every movie. I don't care anymore. Whatever is after this has to be easier to cope with.

With that I bid you all a farewell and hope that your travels are far better than mine have been.