WhateverIt's difficult to put into words exactly how I'm feeling, but the best I can do right now would be defeated and hopeless. I've already tried to overdose once when I was in Grade 12 and there has been no improvement in my attitude towards life since then. All I feel is disappointment in myself because of the way I am. There are often statistics that are brought up that show how survivors of suicide attempts are happier, but I'm just not one of them. Anyone who becomes even remotely close to me is put off by who I truly am. Hiding how I feel and putting on a happy face is draining, but I've learned how to do it well. I don't blame people for not wanting to stick around given all the baggage I bring to any relationship.

It’s easy for me to maintain basic friendships, but nothing meaningful ever stays. I’m just too demanding. I don’t know what I want out of my interactions with people. I guess I just want to be liked for who I am because I despise the person that I am. I don’t think I bring anything of value to a relationship because I’m just a burden to others. Even my closest friends I feel so distant to. Everyone has their own problems, I’ve already taken my turn to talk to these close friends about my problems so it feels like I shouldn’t anymore. I don’t want our interactions to be solely about my mental health. If it were like that, I don’t think those friends would even stay. 

There isn’t any direction to what I’m typing right now, I just want to get what’s on my mind written down.

As I approach my fifth year of university, I have nothing to show for my time here other than a transcript filled with disappointment, a collection of anxiety pills prescribed by the doctors there, and a report to document them sending me to the psychiatric ward of a hospital for suicidal thoughts 2 years ago. I hate the entire mental health support system that my university has setup. They don’t care about mental health, they care about appearances and trying to look like they care about mental health. Student suicides are brushed under the rug like it’s nothing, students who seek help are given 15 minute appointments every month, and therapy is like reading the slides from a psychology course. As a psychology major therapy has definitely been disappointing because they don’t try and it’s very evident; it truly is like listening to someone read from a textbook of how to talk to a depressed person for 1 hour. 

I’m spoiled. My parents beat me with belts, hammers, chairs just anything they could find when they were angry with me really. I was constantly being compared, but when I compared the abuse I received to what appeared to be the stable families of my friends, my parents would just get angrier with me. They aren’t people that are easy to reason with. Despite all of this they have provided me a home to live in, clothes to wear and food to eat. So what if I didn’t receive the love and care in the way that I wanted? I feel like I don’t have the right to complain when I’ve been given the opportunities to succeed, but I just can’t due to the way I am. I just wish I felt more like a person instead of an investment.

I started planning my suicide 3 months ago. I used university resources to do research on effective methods because I didn’t want to be that guy who fails to kill himself twice. I’ve narrowed it down to 2 options: jumping or creating something to limit my oxygen. Knowing the kind of person I am, I’ll probably jump because even to die, I will lack motivation to create something. 

I’m not sad or afraid of dying. I’m sad that my life has been so shit to the point where I want to die and have wanted to die for several years now. I will not be missed. All the relationships I’ve made up until this point have mostly been shallow surface level interactions that just barely pass above small talk. Even for the one extremely close friend I’ve made in my life, I can be replaced. I try to be there for others and go out of my way to support the people I consider close to me, but it just feels like other than “hey you doing ok”, I get nothing back. 

I always thought, even if I don’t end it now, I most likely will sometime in the future. I’m just too emotionally weak of a person to have the desire to live through this depression. Is it even fair to call it a mental illness at this point? I’ve lived with it for most of my life, it’s just who I am. I’ve tried everything. Several types of antidepressants, 3 psychiatrists, 4 therapists, suicide hotlines, and psychiatric wards. 

There is no one to blame but myself. None of them will read this, but thanks to all the people that I’ve interacted with in a positive way throughout my lifetime. I don’t think I’ll be here by the end of the year, and if not that then definitely by the end of next year. I’ll probably just try to spend the rest of my money to try things I’ve never had the opportunity to do and then call it a life. It just wasn’t for me.