Holy shit. I'm still alive.I've been posting here for a while. I can't believe it. I was so fucking close. I got scared. I just got back home. 

I'm almost out of benzos, reason enough to do oneself in, but I just made a choice to live. I've been living in terror for weeks. It's so utterly horrifying to want to die, to have the capacity to become your own executioner. I don't know how I'll feel tomorrow, but something was shuffled out in that darkness. Shaking. 

What a misadventure. I thought I'd have a little fun last night before I jumped and went to a bar because it had my name on the sign, but before I knew it, I was led into some bizarre gambling parlor. So weird. A closed room with slack-jawed gamblers smoking and stuffing dollars into machines. I offered 20 bucks to the person who could give me the best secret. They laughed and I got them talking. I didn't get any secrets, but I convinced a couple women to talk about love. I forgot how fucking devious I am when I'm drunk and traveling.  

Then I went to another bar that was unfortunately named after my rapist (weirdness). More drinking and I successfully convinced some kid that I was journalist before almost passing out. A swarm of women rescued me and called a cab. Like it was no big deal. Hey, woman passing out in a bar, nbd. I've been isolating for so long, I forgot that I'm not entirely hideous and some creepy dudes were circling over me like fucking pterodactyls, so these local women propped me up in a chair and gave me water until the cab came. I don't think I paid, but I remember the guy telling me he had 18 years of sobriety. Fucking strangers. 

So I spent most of the day hungover in this fucking hotel without my car or credit card, pissed that I got too sloppy to do the deed. Just tossing around in the muck of myself, waiting to die, taking pills, terrified, thinking of all the people I know who understand how to live well. Fantasizing I was one of them, trying to find a place in my mind that felt safe. 

I finally found a cab and got my car and was still ready to do it. I don't know what happened. I hadn't eaten all day. I was shaking and terrified. Then I got angry. Why should I fucking die because men rape and beat women and no one believes us? Why should I die because no one understands how dangerous benzodiazapines are?

Anyway, I drove for hours and feel different. I even managed to have a conversation with my friend and make plans for the weekend, maybe even go to a party tomorrow. I don't know how long it will last. I guess I'll throw myself into trying to get sober. They say to try it for a year. 

I don't know. I need a fucking blog for all this insanity. 

Thank you for listening. I don't know any of you personally, but a lot of people here have tried to encourage me to find a different way and have shown such kindness and lack of judgment. Thank you for giving a shit. 