Fiance's pet passed away from an aggressive cancer. She's expressed her suicidal thoughts.A few weeks ago, her dog was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer. We were told that there was basically nothing that could be done, and gave 2-4 months timeline. He past away yesterday morning, only 3 weeks after the diagnosis. 

My fiance has anxiety disorder and has an ongoing battle with depression. And when this dog came into her life, he helped her so much. He was one of the kindest, caring and loyal dogs. And he was such a huge part of her world. He's been more than a pet to her. He's been his boy. And I was going to be his step-father. I loved him as if he were my own.
Losing him was a big emotional hit for me, but for her - she feels her world has fallen apart and she's not seeing the point of life right now.

I'm trying my best to support her and let her grieve. And it's hard while I'm dealing with my own grief too. 

But last night, I couldn't sleep at all. I'm afraid to lose her to this now. She told me that after losing the dog, her mind quickly went to a bottle of medication she has, giving her a method to her own ending. She's almost 35, and she told me that she hasn't had any thoughts like this since she was 14th.

i fought myself from riffling through and flushing down the pills, and to just listening to her and trying to be there for her. I didn't know what to say, and I didn't know how to respond. So I basically just kept quiet, I held her, and did my best to listen. My heart is greatly torn from the loss of the dog, but losing her would be the most tragic thing that could happen to me.

Last weekend, we had a scare with her mother, who went to the ER after having a mild heart attack. She recovered well, but it still took an emotional toll. Plus, now she's feeling some major financial pressure from taking time off work, the recent climb of vet bills, the ER + doctor bills, an upcoming wedding, and so much more. 

And with all that stress, she's also gained back 30 lbs over the last few weeks, and she had been working hard to lose that over the last year. 

Everything is looking like a failure in her eyes. 

I want to help her, because she really is the best person I know. She's so funny, kind, generous, smart, and clever. And I feel so unequipped and unprepared to handle this, but I would do anything for her.