Fighting the current that is me circling the drainWhere to begin? I was talking with a dear friend recently when it hit me. The perfect word for how I feel about my life is "bleak".

I am dating someone that I have no desire to share my deepest fears and struggles with despite us being together for 3 or 4 years now and living together.

I had cancer so I have some large and lovely scars from all that shit. It drained a ton of money out of my savings. Now, it wasn't necessarily that the medical bills were crazy. It was more the lack of income from being off work for so long.

After all that, I stupidly got sold on a timeshare... Yeah. I'm a dumbass. I figured, eh no big deal I can always lose a bit then sell it if we don't need it. Turns out those point based timeshares have literally almost ZERO dollars of resale value.

Let's see what next....
I never went to college bc I didn't know what I wanted to do. I still don't. I'm almost 35 and lost as ever. I am smart but have no particular skills that make me special.

I borrowed money from a good friend to pay rent once. He is a good guy who doesn't lord it over me and knows I am good for it. But yet... I can't get ahead. I've changed jobs and my income hasn't been as steady or great as hoped. I'm barely keeping my head above water.

I see no resolution to any problems in sight.

I'm a Pos human who is attention-detailed only bc I care too much what people think.

I know my family would miss me. Mom probably the most. The gf would probably just move to her home area with her family.

I wanted to be successful in some regard but every day I'm reminded how I never will be.

I told my close friend that I admitted to myself that I will never own a house the other day. (it's a big deal to me.)

Today she told me that her and her hubby just paid off theirs. I was rather stunned.

I just don't see an end in sight. I want to know I have even a shred of a use or purpose, but I never will.

Im just a shitty cog in a big mechanism. A cog that is irrelevant to any reality. Irrelevant cogs can disappear without a fuss.


I've thought about it a lot. How I would do it. I think a car accident would the easiest way to go without anyone   assuming or definitively knowing wayward intentions. Any other good options? (to clarify, my car is old and tiny so dying from a car crash is very feasible)