I am not this type of person but am on the brink.I've never been this guy. I've known others to have taken their own lives and saw firsthand the pain it brings. Now I have never felt closer to that subtle edge than ever before in my life despite so much other death and turmoil in my life. When does the good outweigh the bad? I just lost my fiancee of some number of years with whom I have a beautiful son. I lost my brother two weeks after our son was born and let myself be plunged into the worst anxiety ridden depression of my life. She was dealing with me on top postpartum depression. It poisoned everything and here I am today. She is tired of the emotional abuse I put her through and I am tired of trying to love the back of a phone for so long. I hid from grief in frivolous spending and video games. Emotionally neglected myself, her, my friends and my family. Always taking never truly giving or sacrificing. Ironically nothing in life has ever meant more to me than having a family and now that is all falling apart before my eyes. I have worked my ass off and have provided so much or so I thought. I have steered this ship aground and lost sight of what should have been truly important to me. Never paid the same attention to her desires and interests in the same way I expected from her. Ran the show like a dictator for the most part. Now don't get me wrong, everything hasn't been all bad. Just not worth the pain for her anymore. I look at our son now and think to myself that he deserves better. She fell out of love. She split up with my and fucked a childhood friend of mine who is also a co-worker of hers at a dingy hotel two days later. She left some years ago for the same reasons she states now. Also at that time was talking to some guy over the internet in the most disgusting way possible. I'm rambling and tired and just want to go away. My father passed of malignant melanoma when I was 16 a couple years after my mom and him divorced. It's like the life force or will to live was sucked right out of his soul. Right now that is what I am feeling. What do to shake this shadow?