I lost my friend to nothing. Now I have nothing.Bit of a background history: I've moved to and lived in a foreign country for around a decade, and made very few attempts to integrate, because I have difficulties speaking to people face to face I never learnt the language to a sufficient degree to reach out to people. 

I came here with my wife, and that was already against my better judgement, because I knew if I faired poorly in my home country it would have been hundredfold harder to do anything here, but out of feelings for the woman who picked me up at a time in life I was just as low as now, I decided to brace myself and follow her wherever she had the strength to make a living. She's the only breadwinner of the household, needless to say. And twice as needless is how over time the relationship turned cold and aseptic, with her having no energy to balance her work life, her friends circles, her hobbies, and a broken husband who spent his days trying to muster the little strength he had to cook a meal and mop the floor. 

After the third year I tried committing suicide. She took me with her to a business trip, I couldn't bear being in a different city and yet still alone, went off to buy a bottle of vodka, and drank half a book of Xanax with it. It was a weak attempt, I fell unconscious before I could drink enough, but waking up the next morning, with her having had to sleep in another hotel because I wouldn't open the door and the concierge would not open at 2 AM, made me so guilty I still can't look at her without thinking I was a clown. The guilt turned into a sour emotion too, because since then she hasn't looked at me in the same way, and the little we did together became even less intimate, less joyous. It was my fault.

I tapered off on the medication, and with three years I found some strength to pick photography. And with it, the strength to reach out to few people I knew shared at least an interest with me. It was still a sequence of failed attempts, because beyond that one interest, people always did things that seemed so morally reprehensible I would confront them on and they would be upset, not understanding I would do that from a position of care, as it is my idea any friend will tell a friend when they're doing something that gives them a bad image. Suffice to say I lost and lost people, to cultural differences only made bitter by my stern attitude.

Main story now [and it's going to be convoluted and probably filled with time skips it may make no sense]: last two people I lost were this guy who I went taking photos with for one year. I did my best to keep this relationship alive because we had other interests that aligned we could talk with, but he was a pack leader charming type of guy, and in his pursuit of a good time would thrown people off a ledge, if that was enough for him to have a merry time. He did the same to me,, and to this girl, and the fact we knew he was abusing us made her bond with me. She told me he would laugh behind my back when I asked if I did something wrong to make him go cold, not invite me to meetings, always having an excuse or telling me the day after for the past three months. She found him when she had been feeling suicidal, had self esteem issues, and he used this situation to coerce sex from her, and that caused her to lose even more sense of dignity and worth, and I tried helping her get rid of him. Over time she told me all the things he had done, and that summed all the nasty ways he would call her behind her back to me (he'd say she was his slave), made me so resickened with the man I once told him he was so petty, vile and juvenile he should not call people "good friends" because if that was what he did to the good ones, I didn't even want to know what he did to the shitty. He removed me from his life there and then, and my bond with this girl got deeper. Yes, I am still married at this point in time. My wife knew I was talking with her. She never confronted me. I am a piece of shit, yes.

Flash forward to two months after, this girl confesses her feelings for me. I do the same. Issue is, there's the virus nowadays, and she's with her family other side of the country. We can't meet anymore. She's lonely. She starts meeting people in her hometown. She has less time to engage with me. I still have nobody else. At times I ask her, if you care about me, can't you please find the time to help me with my loneliness?, I'm not just shitty, I'm also selfish. But we know this sickness turns people into dwarves, and not the physically ailed one, the ones Herzog said we all have deep inside. I forgot to mention: she had childhood issues. Her parents were never there, she lived with her grandma who would never pick her up, and scold her for being always a forlorn, little crybaby. She could only develop some coping mechanisms that lead her to an adulthood without intimacy and warmth, until that guy came into her life and preyed on that too. She told me she felt my feelings were suffocating. I didn't take that the nicest way, and we argued. And argued.

Meanwhile, the other guy worked his way back to her, by guilting her into "the group wants to speak with you again, why did you leave us?, come back", and she, from her position of inferiority and the same need of participation, was lead back into the group, and his life. I got really fucking angry. Told her, "how can you go back to the man who called you his slave, who pushed himself onto you after scheming a way that would make sure you would not say no when he asked if he could stay in the same hotel because it was too late and next morning we had to go to this place together?, said you were fucking his friend to me when once I asked why you were taking so long into this abandoned prison? *[we take photos of abandoned shit, which makes ya'll understand what a bunch of misfits we all be]*, took you to this island retreat where he told me would take all his girlfriends, and that you yourself told me did not even care or have the money to afford going to?"; she thought I was shaming her, rather than telling her it was just a big mistake born of her weakness, and deleted me from her life too.

I tried reaching out. She hasn't picked the phone in days. I wrote her a letter she might never read. I know I made a lot of dumb mistakes, but she was a friend, a kindred broken spirit, someone I learnt to love, the one person I felt I could love again in many years of a dry relationship with the woman who's just providing me with food and a bed now, and some toys to keep myself busy now and then. 

I am heartbroken like I didn't realize I could feel anymore. I destroyed the only thing that I felt could help me moving out of this dark space with a little bit of effort, and only because I pushed and pushed, without realizing she was weaker than me, and much less emotionally developed, and a failed human to start. But I love her, and it is tearing me from inside. It is bringing me back to those feelings of seven years ago, when I first tried escaping the pain by not waking up the next morning. I have nobody else I could turn to for support. It feels so hopeless, and it's so crushing, because it had been so long I survived through the days not even thinking I deserved a chance, and she brought hope with her, and now it's gone again.