I’m so tired..I’m tired of waking up every day and feeling the same feeling in my chest; that feeling of emptiness, the ache that feels like it’s going to eat me alive. 

I have a child, and I’m in a relationship, but none of it even feels like happiness. 

I can’t protect my daughter, not even when I was carrying her for 7 1/2 months. She was born early, and broken. I couldn’t hold her for more than 90 days and I was all alone through it all. She was attacked by a dog on her 3rd birthday, I feel like it was my fault.. I will never be able to protect her, so what’s the point anymore?

My relationship is a terrible one, he makes me feel like I “need” him to survive. That I’m nothing without him. He’s the father of my child, and he uses her against me. He tells me that I can’t give her what she needs, that I’m a terrible mother because I check out, or because I don’t feel like cleaning that day. 

I have no friends.. no one ever calls me or text me. When I do get phone calls it’s just those stupid scam robo calls. The only text messages I receive are appointment reminders or if I’ve logged in somewhere and need a code. 

I do get random messages on social media sometimes.. but they come from creepy guys trying to be gross and cringy, and it just makes me feel even less of a person. 

I sit at home alone most of the day, the only person who speaks to me on a daily basis is my 3 year old. Her father is either never home, or sits in another room most of the time. 

I just want to die. I want to stop feeling. I’m tired of my emotions, I’m tired of feeling crazy, or sad, or angry. I just want to feel nothing. 

Sometimes I wish I’d get cancer, or get hit by a car, or have some tragic accident happen and survive, so I can feel like I mean something for once. 

No one ever makes me feel like I matter. I’m always going out of my way to make other people feel important, but no one ever tells me “I love you” or “you matter” “I’m proud of you” “I need you” “you’re important” “I’m thankful for you” 

I just want to hear those fucking words 

I WANT TO MEAN SOMETHING AND IT FUCKING HURTS 

I can’t stand this feeling anymore. I want to end all of this. My head feels like it’s going to explode, and my chest feels as if it’s going to just collapse. 

I just want to be set free. That’s all I’ve ever wanted. I think about it every day.