Will I ever be me again?I felt really depressed over my boyfriend because of a lot that happened.  Because of this my dad who is a doctor prescribed me 100 mg of Zoloft (without an evaluation, which I know now how bad that is but at the time I trusted him and just wanted to be happy.) I started taking it August 8th and was taking it until around September 8th.  From when I started taking it I didn’t feel like me anymore.  I felt more sad than before, when I was around my friends or family or anyone I felt very off and awkward and suddenly felt like I did not know what to say to people anymore, had increased anxiety to the point where I was scared to be around people or go to the store, and all of this made me feel even more depressed.  Also when I started taking the Zoloft I couldn’t sleep very well when I first started taking it so my dad gave me trazedone (an antidepressant and a medicine to help you sleep) which I took occasionally.  I hated the Zoloft so I just stopped taking it (which I didn’t know you couldn’t do since you have to wean off of it) and then I want to a physicians assistant at my college and she gave me lexapro which my parents told me to just wean off of so I took it for around 2 weeks and then lost the bottle so I just stopped taking it.  My psychiatrist and dad said that was okay to do but honestly I don’t even know who to trust anymore.  I was also taking ashwaganda root and Zantac (because I had to go to the hospital for throwing up blood).  I read a lot of scary things online about Zoloft changing the brain structure when they did a study on apes (which are obviously different than humans but why would they think to do a study on them?) https://med.unsw.edu.au/news/what-antidepressants-can-do-brain-not-depressed and a comment on the website saying that it “altered their brain chemistry and therefore their personality” https://chriskresser.com/the-dark-side-of-antidepressants/.  This is making me fucking terrified.  I know I can’t believe everything that I read online but I seriously don’t know if I’ll ever be me again.  Before I get so happy, outgoing, I loved life and everyone, felt like I always knew what to say and how to talk to people and make them happy and now I feel like I don’t know how to talk to people or what about and even around my best friends or family I don’t know how to be me or what to say and it’s breaking my heart.  I miss myself and I don’t know if my brain and personality is permanently messed up from this medicine and I do not want to live how I feel right now because I feel so down and sad and unlike myself and if I’m like this how am I ever supposed to keep and make my friends and meet someone I love? I don’t want to make my family sad by killing myself but I have been thinking about it everyday because of this.  Someone please tell me if I’ll ever be me again I am so scared 🥺
TLDR: took 100 mg of Zoloft for around a month and haven’t felt the same since and am suicidal and wondering if I’ll ever be the same