Suicidal Trans Woman, Quel ClichéI don't have the energy right now to draft something new, so I'm just pasting something I wrote a few days ago to try and explain where my head is. Except each day it gets worse. Sorry if it isn't coherent.

I don't want to die. Not really; not if I had a choice. But I really see no other option.

[quick background: I'm 30, a trans woman partway through transition, live in Europe, had a series of failed suicide attempts about 7 months ago, after which I was very briefly hospitalised, and have been spiraling uncontrollably into overwhelming and uncharacteristic bitterness and anger. By most conventional measures I've led a pretty charmed life, if lonely.]

I am so tired. So tired. So excruciatingly lonely. I keep trying to communicate to people how lonely I am, but no one seems to understand. Everyone keeps telling me it gets better. Keeps telling me there are people who care. Sometimes even that _they_ care. But nothing gets through. Nothing. No matter how much people try. And so many have tried. And I only feel exponentially lonelier since transitioning, and less hopeful than ever that things will ever change.

There have only ever been two people who ever managed to alleviate the loneliness. For whatever reason, they were able to. And I clung to them so much for it. And I loved them so much. More than anyone. And I hurt them so much. More than anyone. And I hate myself so much for doing that to people, all the more so that I did it to them. They were the only people ever able to make me feel like I wasn't alone, and I turned it into a curse for them. I punished them for it, over and over and over again. I abused them over and over and over again.

And it hurts. It hurts so much knowing that I hurt them. It hurts so much knowing that I remain a danger to them, to anyone who ever manages to penetrate my loneliness. I don't want to be a disease anymore. I've fought and I've fought and I've fought and all I've ever accomplished is hurting those around me and making myself lonelier than ever before. I've driven both of them away in the course of this year.

I am already a trans woman in a world that hates trans women. I am already psychologically frail in a world that demands strength. I am already exhausted in a world that requires energy. I am already alone in a world built for partnership [unwavering so over nearly a decade now]. I am already barren in a world built for families. And every social interaction reminds me of this. Everything reminds me how wrong and out of place I am. Every experience around others reminds me how lonely and alone I am. How I can barely remember the last time I felt any human touch beyond a handshake or an air kiss or a quick hug hello. Real affectionate human touch. I am so lonely, and every day I feel lonelier still. I try to mask it but it gets harder and harder. It gets harder and harder not to break down sobbing whenever I'm alone. In a train compartment. At home. Walking my dog. In an office bathroom. On a bus. In hospital. Grocery shopping. Every night in bed. Every morning in bed. While eating meal after solitary meal. I cannot cope. I just cannot cope anymore. I am so exhausted and emptied by the overwhelming loneliness of my existence.

I know that I have no right to feel this way. With all the privileges I've had and all the people who've tried to support me along the way only to be repaid by pain. I know I don't.

I don't know what to do. I don't think I can push on much longer. 