Like a curseI had a broken abusive upbringing that all ended one day when my mother got hit. The blood, the screaming, but I stood my ground till I woke up in the hospital and it's still fresh but alas, this is just the back story. 
  I struggled with relationship issues consistently but managed to live a very full life till 2014 when my health hit the floor like a drunk. A year and a half of fighting myself and one surgery down I left a 11 year relationship to live a fuller life.
  I found myself in another relationship quickly that involved two children. The love, the passion, and the kids was pure heaven but not to last. I've never experienced anything like this connection and she resonated the same. Perhaps it was true love. A year in she became pregnant and a month later she suggested that my major health issues (I'm the bubble boy) were to likely to pass and to abort so I agreed. We already had a family to work on. She however started spending more time talking to the ex husband when transferring the kids between the two. 
  I had a breakdown one day at work wishing I could do more for them and she came and picked me up at work to go get me checked out which I passed. She assured me that if they committed me that she wouldn't go anywhere and would keep us going. Two weeks after this she came back from the ex husbands house without the kids after going to pick them up. She told me the kids pulled her aside saying they never wanted to go back to my house. (It was a lie)
  Under the guise of working on things she strung me along after leaving on my 40th birthday. The sudden silence in the house was maddening and I only had my brother for support. I've never hit bottom so hard and called my best friend one day wanting to get away from some thoughts and he told me to come over. As soon as I pulled into their driveway his wife started laying into me about how I deserved it. I was already ready to end it but thank you so I left and then wrote off all of my friends.
  Fast forward 8 months after she left my uncle died and she took me to court pushing for a restraining order. I saved all the conversations and proved that she was full of it. She did this two more times in a month exclaiming that she loved me dearly but was a broken person and had to be strong for her kids and that she wouldn't be with anyone for a long time because of it. A year later she said I do to another man. 
  Just before she got married, my support person, my brother, had passed from a sudden siezure. I'm a Fed and have to be on the straight and narrow. My employer siezed this moment and tried to remove me on a security violation due to the stress I was under. This resulted in weekly therapy for six months, monthly interrogations by our lovely government for 10 months, military psch eval, military med eval, and other constant hounding all under the presumption that my brother killed himself. He didn't, I was in the hospital due to my health and found him a week after he passed in front of portable propane furnace. It burned an image for sure. My brother was boots on the ground and died on veterans day but the Navy wants me to fess up that I said he killed himself. NEVER did I say that. 
  Back to this woman with the kids, three years later and I think I love her more and I really shouldn't. I can't get past it and with my health issues I just have not lived life in three years and will not see a turn around.
  I feel cursed by this woman, I've never loved like I loved her and I can't make it stop. I'm going to end up killing myself over this at some point. My health, career, and personal life has been flushed with no hope of reviving things. I've been surprised at my will to live but im very scared of myself these days. I'm stronger then ever and completely broken at this point. ............ Three seconds is all I need. Just a quick draw from the right hip.  Yes, my other major fear, I'm pro 2a and having the power of death on my hip is what has kept me not only scared of others but also alive believe it or not. I've come so close to losing the last remaining vestige of hope and if anyone comes to take them it'll be the end and that's a promise.  My eggs are in many baskets and I'll always retain the right to self defense.
  The end is near and I'm a prisoner of my own ways not wanting to force the hand to be.

God help me