I have no friends and I want to kill myselfThe person I consider my closest and most trusted friend hates me. 

I've been depressed for a long time, and I needed her, but she was always unavailable. I tried to understand why she couldn't see me (it was a combination of money issues and family problems). 

Then one day, she told our circle of friends she had just hung out with other friends. I wanted to be honest with how that made me feel, so I told her I was upset that she could make time for others but not for me.

She accused me of being entitled and of predatory behavior.

Everyone in our circle of friends absolutely adores her. So I knew everyone would empathize with her, but not with me. And I knew that because she hated me, they'd hate me too. I was an entitled predator, an unforgiveable villain.

So I left the friends I've had for 10 to 20 years. 

Now I have no one.

It destroys me to think what they must be saying about me. They must be making fun of me, dragging my name through the mud, erasing all the good things I've ever done just so they can fit me into this new narrative they have of me.

I was always there for her. Everytime she had a problem, no matter how big or how small, I was there.

And now I'm the bad guy.

People like to virtue signal about how much they support mentally ill people, how much they value empathizing with the lonely, depressed, and suicidal. But the moment they meet a REAL mentally ill person and shit gets real, these virtue signallers vanish. They demonize us, reduce us to convenient labels and lazy buzz words just so that they can convince themselves that they have every reason to hate and ostracize and destroy us.

Before I left my circle of friends, I messaged her. She didn't reply. 

She knows I've been depressed. She knows. But she chose not to reply.

To me, her silence sounded like "I don't care whether you live or die, fuck off."

That is the same message I've gotten from all the people who've bullied and ridiculed and hated me throughout my life. Maybe it's time I listened to them.