I feel like I've failed and I don't know who to talk to anymore.My life has been out of control. I've been struggling with depression for the last 5-6 years. Ever since my sister was kicked out of the house, and then I was too a year later. I had to move in with my dad all the way across the country away from everything I had ever known where my step-mother and step-sisters were emotionally abusive. At one point, my laundry was thrown on the lawn and as I went to go pick it up, the door was slammed and locked in my face with one of them saying "I was here first." I ended up breaking a window and slicing my hand up as I banged on it to try and get someone's attention to let me back inside. My dad finally moved us out my senior year. Then I went off to college in another state to try and get away from that small town and just that state in general. I went to college with almost no financial support other than what the school was able to give me. I tried going to school counselors several times but they scared me, made me feel judged, and one of them basically told me he was surprised I wasn't suicidal with everything I had told him. But I didn't tell him I mildly was. I ended up in the hospital in a terrifying event and it was like after that I just didn't want to try anymore. Everything spun downward. I couldn't get myself out of bed. I slept a lot because whenever I felt bad I would just fall asleep. It kind of made it all go away for a second. Last semester it was constant nightmares. Every night, and unrelenting. And I still have them. One time, they started before I was even asleep. Every time I closed by eyes I felt scared and so I just didn't sleep and would stay awake all night long and then eventually fall asleep in the day time from complete exhaustion. Over break I saw my family which I thought would really be nice and it just turned awful. Every argument I would have with my sister would send me into this trance state that I couldn't get out of. I felt like I've been able to fake happy for a long time to satisfy people. But it was like I couldn't fake it anymore. And this trance. It was me contemplating death and I didn't like it. It scared me. It was thoughts of how it could happen accidentally. How it could happen with minimal impact on the few people that might actually care. And now, I'm about to be kicked out of my house because I got behind on my rent. I just feel like I'm tired of trying to fight. It's like I don't have anything left.