This is hard to write..I was expelled from school and ditched commonly due to my depression and self harming, so please forgive my lack of punctuation/bad punctuation and my just overall poor writing skills.

My name is Layla I am 20.. and I am suicidal. I think everyone here can relate to the never ending pain of life. To tell you about my life story of what mental illnesses I have and what caused them and all my past trauma.. well.. really is useless. We all have these horrible things that happen to us that have made us get to this point. Writing this is hard saying suicide out loud is fucking HARD. My family doesn’t know only my boyfriend because I live with him and it effects him a lot. I have a daughter with him which is something I’m sort of reluctant to share over the internet but I guess if I’m willing to post about her on Facebook then reddit is really no different.. social media is social media.. none is more dangerous than others. I tell you this because they are the only reason I am alive.. recently I have been increasingly more suicidal... got my letters written (cliche I know but my family will think it was a damn murder if they don’t get a letter I swear) so with this increase in desire and a plan.. I almost went through with it a couple of times now but my boyfriend was their to stop me and I woke up my daughter from my crying.. seeing him look at me with eyes saying ‘this is fucking ridiculous’ to my daughter upset because I’m crying.. I’m done it has made it to where them not seeing me this way anymore is the best reason to kill myself.. reaching out and letting my boyfriend know was a mistake because I can feel his judgment and tiredness of my bullshit already and it hurts. I try to search for reasons to not die all the time I have a list (one being rick and morty) these help all the way up until a panic attack and then I give 0 fucks about any of the reasons or anyone. I have went to therapy in the past and that helped ZERO going and telling a doc about a mother being suicidal welll... that’s not going to end well.. I’m not good right now and I know it and I certainly don’t need a god damn cps worker to come judge my life and mental state more than I do. It’s all scary it’s like I have a kid why isn’t it enough? Well it was enough until she started getting effected by my depression and now it’s a good reason for me not to be here and around her anymore. I’m not happy and Looking back at my childhood I really can’t remember a time where I had a happy normal life. I don’t know what peace feels like. 


Side note when I was 13 I hung myself in my closet. I tied the noose and just let loose.. I know for sure I passed out in a way because everything was black for a solid 30 seconds and I could see a red outline of what appeared to be my father (who is dead and has been since I was 9) I then came to still choking in the noose and able to get down. Once I got down I realized I had peed myself while passed out or whatever which I didn’t think was a thing.. I’ve told people about this and some say it was just a blackout and other say I had died but it wasn’t my time (you usually pee or poop when you die and not when you pass out) I just go with the passed out one because I truly do not know and claiming to die and come back can raise a lot of questions about a day I do not like talking about... I wish I would not have gotten myself down that day... my daughter wouldn’t of been born to this cruel world and have to see her mom like this now...

Anyways this will get lost in the other posts and it is very long and drowsy.. no interesting back story lol... if you made it this far thank you for reading through my shitty written emotions. If you want to know more about my life and shit..just let me know I’m fine with spilling all the abuse and gory details of my life that I’m supposed to be grateful for. 


I think I joined this community to not feel so outcasted and to be able to talk without the judgement or people thinking I’m looking for attention... i wish I just wanted attention I wish I didn’t feel this never ending sadness and despair that I honestly can’t find the right words to describe because being depressed and suicidal isn’t just plain sadness it is so many fucking emotions rolled into one but they are all negative... I don’t know.. I bet a lot of you know what it feels like and what I’m trying to convey here.. but thank you.. this place is relatable for once and so far non judgmental...