The love of my life has left me and I spend every day wandering aimlessly in my own home..I'm only 16. I don't connect to people. Not because I'm awkward, I'm actually quite outgoing, I just don't connect emotionally to people. Few months ago I met a girl who I've connected to more than anyone else. In a way I never thought I could. I fell in love. Best part was that she loved me back. More than she probably should have. She struggled with depression and I actually saved her life twice.. We were madly in love and I believe we still are.. But it ended because she has issues she feels she needs to deal with alone. 


 Anyway I've always felt so alone in life. Like I've always just dragged through days aimlessly. I hated going to bed. I felt like I didn't anyone to say goodnight to or anything to look forward to come morning. Well when I was with her I never felt like I had to. She was there to say goodnight and there in the morning. I was genuinely happy. Sadly though.. In the last few weeks we were together she became less and less happy. She eventually broke up with me. She says she needs to work on herself and work through her issues alone. We tried again for about a week though. Then she broke it off for good. She use to tell me I was what made her happy. That I was perfect. I told her the same thing. It was forever and always for us.. Ever since she's broken up with me, my anxiety has been extremely bad. I've been having alot more panic attacks. For example I had 4 in one evening
I don't want to sleep because I only dream of her being there with me again. If I do sleep it's not for long.. When I'm awake I can only think about her and our time together.


I don't enjoy anything. I can't even distract myself just to keep my mind off things. I only think of her and how she made me feel. This isn't JUST a breakup.. It's a huge part of me that's gone. I gave everything I am and was into her because she did the same for me. I spend my time at home wandering from room to room occasionally checking my phone.. Noone knows but I've cut myself a few times to see if I have any feeling, I've played with matches and I'd put the ashes on my hands. I started drinking. I'm not proud of anything I've done.. I'm scared to be alone. Thoughts shoot through my head saying it wouldn't matter if I didn't make it to tomorrow. Right? I mean I've got nothing waiting for me in the mornings.. The only reason I haven't considered letting go so far is because I keep waiting for her.. (She said it's still forever and always) I'm not sure what to do with myself. I have become the nothing I've always feared.. I'm so scared of myself and being completely alone again..