Not sure what to title this, I just want to ventSo I am going to start this off by saying I am 17 years old and that I don't think I could ever kill myself because of my family and friends, however I don't want to live. I suppose not being able to kill myself could change though, since up until about 9 months ago I had always had a positive outlook on life and had never been depressed, not sure if I am now either.

Now to the reason I feel this way. Last summer my mother was diagnosed with an uncurable and deadly cancer, this completely changed my life because up until then I had thought my parents were invincible, and even though my mother had been sick for almost half a year it still came as a huge shock to me. She is still alive today and she is doing better, apparently it might even by cured, even though we were told that was impossible. The problem is that I am getting worse and I don't know why.

That is not really the only thing though. It's really hard for me to say this, even though it is a throwaway account, the reason being that I completely and utterly hate myself for doing it. After starting to write what it was I realized that I am not sure if I want to write it here. The only information I am willing to give is that it is something bad that I did (not drugs) and it has kind of become an addiction, if there is a professional is reading this and wants to know to help me, write it here and I might send a PM as I will be looking at the comments on this thread. I am sorry that I didn't write what it is, but I really don't think I can.

I also hate how I look and how I talk and shit but that isn't really a huge deal, also the fact that I am incredibly skilled at not being skilled in social situations.

No friend or family member knows that I feel this way, and none of my friends know that my mother is sick either, I am not sure why I haven't told them, just feels like it would be weird and I don't want their pity. I guess I would like to speak to a therapist, but I don't want to talk to my parents about it, I don't want them to know I feel this way or some stupid shit like that. Also this all started during a time when I ahd a few friends that were depressed and I helped them through it, so I didn't want to tell anyone because then they might stop talking to me about it to "help" me and it would make it worse for them.

I guess that is it, sorry if this is hard to read, I didn't know I was going to do this until just now, so I had no plan what to write and that's why the text is all over the place and super weird. I have probably missed something that I will edit into the post later. Thanks for reading.