I have reached my limit. After 29 years, I can't fight anymore.I want to tell you a story, it is mine and I want someone to know it.

When I was a year old, my parents split up. This is common for many people, but for me, despite an amazing stepfather, I could never fill the hole in me that wanted my father in my life. 

Even when I was a kid, 5 or 6 years old, I knew things weren't right. I woke up every day sad, went to sleep every night angry that the one person I wanted in my life wasn't there. I only have two or three memories of my father before I was 16. He was a heavy drinker, but never abused anyone. He loved my brother and I, but he was too irresponsible to left alone with his kids. A former Marine and at the time firefighter, all I could hear from family was how great a person my dad was, but I could never be with him.

This pained me more than I ever let on to anyone. I turned that pain into hate, and eventually rage. I began to hate my friends who had their fathers still in their family. I began to hate my mother for keeping me from my father. I hated my brother for having memories of him. I hated everyone who couldn't tell me why I couldn't see my father when I wanted to. 

And then, when I was just becoming a teenager, the small semblance of family I had with a stepfather was shattered when he left abruptly during the summer. I went from someone who had been filled with hate and bile to someone who no longer cared. I didn't care if it spilled out anymore, to hell with them all I thought. I went from straight A's in school to failing every class. From never in trouble to suspended weekly. Eventually being forced into homeschool due my outbursts, I became secluded and alone.

I spent almost the entirety of my teenage years living in the country, away from all of my friends, being homeschooled away from society. I became a brooding teenager. The outbursts in the school were no longer there to vent any anger or rage anymore. It just began to pile on itself over and over. Eventually, this would boil over to just about any instigation. 

It wasn't until I almost killed my brother by throwing a knife at him (missing his head and impaling the wall an inch above him) that I realized just how bad things were becoming. No one knew about this but he and I, and we never spoke of it again. But I knew, something had changed. I threw that knife with the intent to kill my own brother for nothing more than teasing me.

This lead to me becoming even more isolated. I was afraid of my own temper and anger. I obviously had trouble controlling it anymore and had to constantly live with the fact that I nearly killed the one friend I had this world. The one person who would always protect me from everyone else.

So I suffered. I got angry. I broke small things and repaired them over and over again in secret. Anytime an electronic broke, I'd volunteer to throw it away, only to break it to pieces when no one was around. This went on for years and years.

Then something remarkable happened. I met a girl and for the first time in my life, I was truly happy. I didn't get angry, I didn't care about my family issues. I was glowing. Nothing but her mattered to me anymore. For nearly three years nothing on earth mattered as much as she did. But my insecurities crawled back and I became afraid. Afraid she'd leave me and I'd be alone again in that dark hole. My own fear of her leaving pushed her away in a stereotypical fashion. It was this day that I could attempt to kill myself for the first time.

I drowned myself in Tequila, took a few vicodin and start cutting on my wrists, toying with myself. I would constantly cut just right to get a good bleed but not uncontrollable. Reminding myself to go down the road, not across the street. If we fail, we don't want to lose use of our hands do we? And ultimately, the fear of failure became the catalyst to stop.

I never wanted to keep living, I just knew I was failure and I'd probably fuck this up too, right? So I pushed on, hiding the pain. I hid that everyday I'd drive just a bit too fast around a corner; or I'd take it a bit slower when crossing the road, hoping just maybe the universe would do me a fucking favor. It didn't, obviously. Fucking universe.

That was nearly a decade ago. Now, I sit here at 29, with nearly 25 years of repressed rage, emotion and hate reaching a level I never knew I could achieve. I hate the human race. I hate the people nearby. I hate everyone, including myself. But this alone wouldn't be enough. No, there is one small detail I left out. This is the one that has led me to completely planning out my own death in the least painful way possible for my mother.

Two years ago I tore my ACL and MCL. I had no insurance, so only ER services would be used. Obviously, it didn't heal properly and so I spend every moment of every day in a pain that would make most people think they broke their knee. 

I also had the joy of tearing my rotator cuff and again, no insurance so only a local clinic visit was allowed to diagnose it and give me some motrin and be on my way. I can no longer reach my right arm above my head towards my back in anyway.

I've lived the last two years of my life in a pain that never goes away. That doesn't let me sleep. That doesn't let me see my family, my friends or leave my house much anymore. I can't walk far before the pain is too much to continue. I cannot keep balance on that knee because there is nothing left to balance it.

And all of that I could live with, I truly could. It wasn't until I realized that no one believed me. Disability denies me. My doctors think I am lying. I finally got insurance and saw a specialist regarding my knee 6 times over a year and he blatantly told me he thinks I am lying.

So, I am here now. I hate the world. I hate me. I want to see it all burn and revel in the agony of those who didn't want me. Who didn't believe me. I hurt, everyday but see people cry over their fucking i-phone cracking because their fatasses sat on it while eating their McDonalds Fatfuck meal.

And the worst part of it all? I know everything in my head is wrong. I know a human shouldn't be like this. I have lost the room in my mind for compassion and caring. I can't find the effort anymore to care about anyone, not even myself. No one cares about me, so why should I them?

So, I devised a plan. Clean everything up. Organize it all. Clean the browser history and cookies. Deleted the email accounts. Magnetize the hard drives just to be certain. Then drive out into the country, find a quiet wooded area. Walk inside, slit my wrists and let it go. I'd let my mother know I am gone so that she doesn't keep looking for me, but hopefully my body is never found.

What can I say. I am tired of being in pain when no one believes me. I am tired of being alone when all I want to do is be with friends and family. I am tired of being full of hate when I have lived the life of kind, caring and for all others just for the sake of fitting in. 

I am so tired of being alive.
