Life in deathrow.A little background about myself, I am a transgender girl who's going through gender transition and my whole life has changed. I have become a female and became distinguishably different that let's say 7 months ago. I am satisfied with the physical transitioning. It meets my desperate needs and I feel happier. Except everybody changed around me. All and forever.

My parents and I've been fighting over my trans issues for so long. They all claimed that I am wrong, telling me I am just sick in the head and I should find a way to reverse this. No I couldn't. I just simply couldn't. I don't want to be desperate for something so simple in life such as self identity. In this harsh fucking world, I at least wanted to be happy.

So, against their will and everyone's adamant disagreements regarding to my ideas, I secretly transitioned in college abroad (USA, I am from South Korea). I practiced so hard just to be myself while, forgetting effortlessly that I am only falling apart to the hard ground. And I am almost there. I can feel it.

And even worse, I am going back to Korea, to their hateful and judgmental environment. The place where only sorrow and loneliness would exist and rapidly destroy me. I have no other options. I have nowhere to stay. Tuitions? Nope. Can't apply. Loan? I have no sponsor. Going back is my ONLY option.

I just can't imagine myself being happy while living there for 7 months. Life will be hell. I will be judged. I will be ignored. I will be alone. I've lost everything. And I will be losing even more. 

I am dreaded. I am sad. I feel lonely. Why the fuck wasn't I a girl in the first place? Why am I trans? Why was I born to this crappy and brutal family? I don't know. I just want peace. Peace with my family. Peace with everything that's against me. I am too exhausted already.

However, to make things clear, I am not planning to commit suicide just yet. I have no bravery to do so but I can sense that this might as well be my suicide note. And to me, it's slightly becoming a reality. I am in death row. The time is ticking fast.

But until then, I will live my life happy. Maybe this is kind of like a last meal thingy. If I was actually in deathrow, I sure know what I would request. A plate full of beautifully cooked steaks, ribs and other magnificent cuisines. It's the same logic here. Perhaps me breathing oxygen right now is same as having all the food I requested in the deathrow, waiting for that day.

Maybe there's afterlife ahead of me. And if there is, I really hope that God would make me a girl. A biological girl that simply doesn't need to transition. A genuine girl unlike a phony one that I am now.