My future is shattered, I don't know what to do (throwaway)First off, I'm sorry that this long and rant-y. I've never written anything like this before, and probably never will again.

I have had a relatively privileged life, I think, and feel like my problems are so insigificant compared to what other people are facing. But here goes.

My parents were refugees from Asia. Having known what hardship really is, they have always had high expectations for me. I was determined to live up to them. I still am, but 

I can't.

I used to be able to live up to them. When I was a child, ten years of ages and younger, they considered me a genius. I went to a private school and excelled in all subjects, 

especially math: I was doing topics three of four years ahead of my age. Life was good; they probably had such high hopes for me.

Fast forward to high school. Things have slowly declined. I'm no longer a genius by any means, but am doing relatively well in the honors cirriculum. I still excel in math, 

but my parent's hopes have fallen flat. I'm nowhere near #1 anymore, and they accepted that.

The year afterwards, something goes wrong. I can't quite describe it, but there's a tangible shift in the atmosphere in our house. My parents yell a lot more, my siblings go 

through their preteen phase, I start struggling in high school. My grades slip badly, breaking my straight A's streak I'd had. I briefly considered suicide then, but quickly 

stopped after I realized how petty that was.

I realized I didn't want to put up with high school anymore, and decided I would apply to an early entrance college program, to pursue mathematics as my favorite subject.

Fast forward a few months: I was accepted. Celebrations abound, and that summer was one of the best times of my life. At this point, my family's expectations of me have 

reignited. And not just my immediate family, my entire extended family all the way up to my grandparents. Everyone wanted to see their relative finish college at the age of 

19, right? Every wants to brag about their super-smart relative.

Finally, fast forward to now, just after finals week of my second freshman quarter. I've failed. Midterms the entire year were a disaster, and my finals were even worse. I've 

scored near the bottom of my class on my favorite subject.

I studied, hard. I've put my best effort all quarter, in hopes of salvaging my grade. Apparently, it wasn't enough. My best effort, at my best subject, was abysmal. I've 

failed this class. I've failed my family. I've failed myself.

I've been considering ending it all quarter, and this might push me over the edge. I realize how incredibly small my problems may seen, but my entire life has been about 

academics. I played the piano for eight straight years; I quit cold to focus on my studies. I left all my high school friends behind, to go to college to hope to succeed. I 

have no other skills, no other interests, no notable strengths to show to my family other than academics prowess. And I've lost that.

No matter how cliche it sounds, my life has no meaning to me anymore.

But at the same time, I know I can't end my life. There are too many people looking up to me, hoping that I will succeed. My mom, my dad, my younger siblings, my aunts and 

uncles, they used to be proud of me. And don't get me wrong, I'm not bragging in any sense of the word; I realize that, for all intents and purposes, I am now, functionally, 

dumb.

I haven't told anyone; I can't talk to any of my friends or family about this. I've already set up several counseling sessions, but I don't see how they can help at all. No 

matter what I do, everyone is let down, badly. I might as well not feel any pain while I am doing it.

Once again, I apologize for the rant, and apologize if I just seem like a whiny brat to you.