Please give me advice, I want everything to endI'm a 26-year old single woman who physically looks like a 13-year-old girl. No friends, no boyfriend, never been kissed, never had a job but damn I tried.
I just had a very serious surgery 3 months ago, and as I'm barely recovering ish is already hitting the fan.
I was a bullied child, high IQ, big discrepancy between verbal and spatial (talked at like 6 months, walked kinda funny for a while and later got better).

I recently learned I'm now a candidate for being autistic (Aspie).

My father assaulted me back in October 2015 and "woke up" a sprained wrist that had just healed. Pain ensued for months, and I'm still scared to use my wrist, though it seems fine. I heal real slow, always have.

I moved to my grandmother's house after that with my mom. I don't get along with my grandmother. She puts me down because I have phobias and GAD and she also puts me down for being allergic to peanuts and other things "but you never WANT to eat anything you picky eater, stop it".
She mocks me when she sees that I'm scared of something. She yelled at me once during a panic attack...

She guilt trips me over lots of stuff, so with my mom we decided I'd move to my own apartment.

Now my mom guilt trips me for not wanting to live with "her", well okay but my father has freaking PSYCHOSIS and has assaulted me so maybe I don't feel safe? She's okay with being yelled at and threatened verbally.

I've been on newer generations anti-depressants and benzos. They helped me tons and have turned my life around... but the progress isn't sufficient.

I'm jobless but have a BA in English because I had to quit school several times for health issues (physical and psychological).

If I factor in the time spent in the ER, this year I think I was in hospital for a month. I've been in pain ever since but my stomach pain is now maybe 3 or 4, was 7 with morphine before now I don't take anything.

Every time I think things are better they get worse. 

A week ago I almost fell and effed up my back again, it's been hurting since, getting slightly better but then I got a giant canker sore in my mouth which seems to be spreading. And then it gets better and...

- more tensions with my father over the fact that he's... manipulative and passive-aggressive and now just aggressive. He guilt trips me and my mom and lets us do everything. I mean he barely helped with the move to my new apartment but even when he does help it's for an ulterior motive.

- I had an argument with my aunt over the phone and I don't even know what I said apart from "well if you're busy just hang up I understand" at the end because she was telling me I was tiring and manipulating everybody (not...).

- My mom wants me to get a driver's license. I wanted that too but the teacher at the schools (tried several) always says I'm so dangerous to myself and others when I drive that maybe it's not worth it. Yes I did almost run over several people. It's probably my undiagnosed autism. It's NOT my fault. I'm doing my very best...

- Then she says I should be a translator and why haven't I found a job yet as a translator I could do it on the computer I'm good with computers blah blah blah. Hum hello, I tried. For hundreds of hours. 

- Currently the only money that comes in is some royalties from books I wrote before the wrist injury. And I was that desperate for money that I ended up writing erotica when I saw non-fiction wasn't selling anymore. I'm a virgin. And I wrote erotica. Frankly if that's what it takes for me to make a living... I don't know.

I have trouble sleeping again. One of my only real hobbies is gaming, "intellectual" games, well at least partly, and of course, English, though now that I know how to speak it it's more of a tool.

I feel like everything I try to do it's just because I think it will land me a job and it doesn't, even hobbies that I pick up like knitting or drawing.

I'm not sure I can make a living on the internet, unless I'm fine with being the new erotica queen.

I'm still tired from the surgery and yesterday when I went to my new apartment with my mom, I was alone in the car temporarily.
A bunch of rowdy teenagers walked toward the car, and the boss of the group said something along the lines of "Hey you".
I ignored him and he stuck his face to the car window and said "Wow how ugly are you".

I still have some PTSD left from my father's assault. I don't care about what he said, and my mom chased him afterward and we both told him we'd press charges. And we will if he does that again.

However, he was way too close to me and that woke up my PTSD.
I know have those nightmares again in which I scream bloody murder and wake up the whole house. 

I'm about ready to kill myself or take antidepressants.

No car, no job, a place to live that has a door that's very heavy (possibly to heavy to push/pull after an operation).
A grandmother who treats me like I'm four, an abusive father, bad health, no life prospects.
Still struggling with rather basic things like going out to the store or cooking for myself though I'm getting better at that and can do it but the buses in my city are inconvenient.
I'm terrified of going out as these violent kids are in the neighborhood and will they gang up on me if they see me alone again even if we told them we'd fight back.

A friend of mine, not really a friend because she doesn't understand me but she tries to, is angry at me because I can't go to the restaurant and do stuff with her.

As I'm typing I'm scared for my wrist but I think it's healed. I hope it really is. 

I don't understand why people are cruel and judgemental and won't hire me just because I look like I'm 13 or I've never had a real job. I really think it's the underage look part. But I've been a translator once, an English tutor several times, and a non-fiction and ahem erotica writer. And over the phone I do fantastic. If people didn't see me I'd be fine. 
I have health issues but I've been complimented many times on my English. I just want to become a bilingual secretary and spend the rest of my life somewhere CALM. 

Make money, be satisfied with myself, relax, then die.

Sure if I could I'd make a living on the internet but I don't think I can.

People tend to not like me because I'm different. Can't do anything about that and I'm not about to use make up or dress like a whore to please them. I feel too stupid when I try.

Nobody wants me. Everybody has something critical to say to me.
I think I don't have the energy to try and love myself anymore.

What to do?

And no, it didn't help that my mom said "stay with me and my dad forever it will cost less money and you can do so little anyway you need the help".

Maybe I do need some help right now, but I've lived almost entirely independently before. If this goes on I'll start hoping my next health issue kills me. The last one almost did 3 months ago...
