I'm back.So, I made a post here a month ago just venting all the terrible experiences I've had in the 14 and a half years I've lived. It lifted a weight off my shoulders and got some positive feedback from some commenters.


I am feeling better yet... I still don't feel right at all. I sometimes want to cry when I have troubles and I worry over the littlest things. Also, if you read my last post, I got in a fight with an old friend of mine the day I posted that post. I no longer speak to him and I look away when I see him. He sits at this big table where all friends are. I'm sitting alone a few tables away because I dread being near him. I hate being alone at those tables, wasting precious time I can spend with the people who care for me. I hate him. I hate him so much because he thinks he can do no wrong. My friends think he can do no wrong. He nearly broke my shin. I'm over him.

When I was in 7th grade, I met a kid who would soon turn one of my current best friends yet he hanged with this other kid. That kid was awful. He would try to isolate me, pick fights with me, get me in trouble, annoy me, and try to convince me to commit suicide almost daily. He moved away next year.


Now, I wanted to talk about something strange I've been obsessed with. When I was really depressed, I wad obsessed with mutilation of my own face. Burning, scarring, you name it. I was obsessed with it because I want to rid of how people see me. When they see my face, they just see me as ''that kid.''


I thought walking into my school confidently for everyone to see my now mangled and gouged face was the best idea I have ever had. I didn't care if people saw as a corpse-faced freak, I wouldn't be a nothing anymore. The fact I was slowly planning in my mind how I deform half of my face so I can be somebody is a very scary thing. I will never ruin my face. Even if I think low of my appearance, I'll cherish my looks.


I'm generally getting better. I wouldn't say I'm improving but I'm recovering. Thank you, guys. Thank you all for being there when I was about to activate my death clock.