My girlfriend of 3 years is suicidal and I'm not sure who to tell or what to do. x/post with r/relationships.Apologies in advance for format, I'm on mobile. I'm not sure if I'm even in the right sub to post this, please let me know if I'm not in the right place.

Both my girlfriend (we'll call her Stacy) and myself have struggled with depression for about ten years each. We each handle ourselves differently, I see a psychiatrist and am on different medications to handle my mental illness. Stacy doesn't believe in medication and refuses to seek help for her illness, whether it be a doctor, therapist, etc. Throughout our relationship we have both been depressed but it has never caused any actual rifts between us, we love each other unreal amounts.

Two nights ago after work, Stacy sent me a text saying how she wanted to kill herself and did not want to live feeling like this anymore. I did my best to talk to her, console her, and get her to talk about how she feels. She really shut me out, and just kept saying things like "I wish I would disappear" "I wish I was dead" and other similar statements. Last night after work, more of the same statements. I tried to call her to talk to her but she wouldn't answer (we don't live together at the moment)

I am very lost as to who to tell and how to try and get her help. Her mother is a control freak and has the whole family wrapped around her finger, and Stacy is the only one who has broken away from her Mother and won't be held down by her. Her Mother will always charge headfirst into situations and not think about how anyone but herself feels, and I worry that with such a delicate topic she would do a terrible job of handling it with Stacy's best interest. Her father also struggles with depression, and told Stacy about his feelings of sadness and emptiness inside not long ago. I worry if I tell him, it would crush him to know that his daughter is struggling even worse than he is. 

I feel like I don't have anyone I can tell. I know Stacy better than anyone and know if I called the police, she would deny any claim of her suicidal thoughts. It's a scary situation and I just want her to feel better, but don't know a good route to go with this. Has anyone dealt with something similar before?

TL;DR: Girlfriend of three years is suicidal with a family who would most likely react terribly and irrationally to the news if I told them. I feel like I have nobody to talk to to begin getting her help.