I should just die, all I do is waste time and opportunities for the false hope that people think I will follow through with them. I’m going to end up nowhere.Haven’t been doing my homework, haven’t been studying or practicing driving so I can get a license, I haven’t been helping my mom around the house, all I’ve been doing is sitting on my ass when I get home from school playing games. I can barely take care of myself and don’t know how to cook and load dishes into a dish washer. I’m typing this out at 1 am when I have school the next day. All I do is nothing and disappoint people. I get given opportunities for myself and don’t follow through with them and in turn waste peoples time. My closest friends ditched me because I wouldn’t listen to them pointing out what I was doing wrong and kept repeating the same rude and controlling behavior. 

I should just fucking end my life. “Stop giving me stress” says my mom, then I’ll just die, you won’t have to worry about me wasting your money on stupid game related things, impacting your sleep, and not following with chores around the house. I deserve to just fucking die. All I do is leech off of people. I’m only happy when I’m around other people. I only am able to function when I’m with other people. I’m only able to do my school work that I get at school and fail to do any outside of school work. 

I’m sick of being told I’m being stressful and not doing my responsibilities. I hate myself for making my closest friends hurt by me being a toxic friend and having to cut contact with me for their own emotional sake. I really have no worth. I quite literally have no reason to be alive. No one does in the first place. Sure, my few other friends and family might be impacted if I am dead but as time goes on they will be able to cope with it and they will be dead eventually too, and I’ll just be forgotten like the other billions of people who have existed. Life’s meaningless. I’m meaningless and a hinderance to other people’s lives. I want to die. Every day I inch closer to feeling less afraid of it and thinking more about it. Every day I get temporary happiness and then fail at the important things. I have no close relationships. I really just want to end it all.