I'm faking itThe title is semi-accurate... I can't think of a reason to get out bed, I feel like I want to vanish in between every class in school. I take the train and dread getting out of the car to talk to my friends and put on a fake smile. I hate my parents and feel neglected and unimportant to them, I don't want to live with them anymore and they're sending me to a boarding school at the end of March and I have mixed feelings about it. I'll barely be able to talk to my also suicidal and depressive girlfriend who needs me and I need her, she's saved me and I've saved her. I can't loose her or I'll fall apart, she's one of the reasons I'm still walking this earth. She lives 2 hours away from me and my parents hate driving me, she can't get a ride because she has financial difficulties.  I'm failing all my classes with below a 1.8 GPA, I feel like giving up, I can't sleep at night I have nightmares of the future without me, and I recently quit smoking marijuana to help me focus and be able to move forward, but all it's done so far is cause me to go through withdrawal because I used it often enough.  This makes it even more painful to know the "release" is there, but I won't fall back into it's grasps. I am seeing a therapist for my family struggles at home, but in the end it just all gets blamed on me, not saying I've done nothing wrong, but everything is on me, it's always you've done this wrong, messed up on this, your parents are right listen to them, and all I want to do is curl up in a ball and be invisible.  Pass by life hoping nobody notices me, and I would get there by ending it, who would miss me, I get made fun of every day people trying to get me into fights for things I didn't do.  I can't stay awake I sleep but don't feel rested, my mind is my own worse enemy. I just want it all to stop... I don't know how to fix this, I can't get myself to do work. I just give up it's pointless. I'm only 15 and have been feeling this way for years... I've never gotten the courage to kill myself, but I feel like my day is coming sooner and sooner if I don't do anything. I help anyone I can with this because I can't stand seeing other people suffer like me, I always try to save them because I can prevent them from becoming what I am now.  I don't know where the other good in me is, it's buried deep down, I don't feel regret for my choices, no matter how bad, no remorse. Not by choice it just never comes...