Mental Rock BottomI don’t really know what to say or do at this point.
I’ve told family and friends that I don’t see the point in living anymore. They tell me it’ll get better or just get angry that I’m idealizing suicide and scream and curse and tell me I’m ignorant or selfish.

I’m to the point that I’m just tired. I am tired of crying. Tired of hurting. And I feel like it’s never going to end. I’m exhausted, failing at work, sleeping on my moms couch, and can’t even talk about anything with those around me.

I left my fiancé three weeks ago.
I love him so much. More than anything, but he’s abusive both mentally and physically. I stayed for three years to try and make it work and be patient through his struggles. He’s bipolar and an alcoholic. Refused treatment for both things. Would quit drinking for a while and then relapse which was always when the abuse was the worst. When he was sober, he was angry because he wanted to drink. All of this on top of the manic episodes that came in cycles and always ended up with him thinking he’s too good for me and turning his back on me.

I’ve begged him to get help because I love him and want him not only to feel better but for us to be able to be happy.
He refuses.
Yesterday he told me that I’m nothing more than a chapter in his book that needs to be closed and that the next woman won’t ever see him the way I did and he will get help to succeed with whatever new girl comes along.

I’ve never felt so unimportant and devalued in my life.
I know it’s dumb to want to hurt yourself over a love interest/ex but it just hurts so fucking bad and I don’t want to feel this way for another second.
He’s blocked me. Moving on with his life. He blamed everything on me and has repeatedly said hurtful things but then he will call me crying, begging me to come home.

I just don’t want to cry anymore or be hurt. I can’t see him move on and it kills me to think of me moving on.
I lost everything that made my life what it was when I left and once again I’m starting from scratch. The desire and strength to continue on is just nonexistent at this point.

I don’t know how to accept this and how to recover. I am utterly devastated and don’t even see the point in trying anymore.