I don't know what is wrong with me, just that something isI'm not sure what changed. I've been through plenty of trauma in my life, from a car crash that almost killed me that left me and my mother (my mother more so) with permanent injuries that cause daily pain, a suicide attempt when I was sixteen, being shipped off to live with other family, being abandoned by said other family, I was raped multiple times by a cousin between the ages of ten and thirteen (and no one knows about it still) and my father, who was gone most of my life constantly has bounced around between verbally and physically abusive to attempting to buy me off and use that as justification and grounds for him to demand my respect, love and affection.

As I write this I suppose it seems like it's no surprise I've ended up the way I have when I put everything together but to me it's so..alien. I was a happy, social butterfly as a little boy. Always made friends, always was the one to approach kids who were new to school. But as I've gotten older and all the way to this very day (I'm twenty-four now) I've..lost everything and I don't mean that in a materialistic way.

I've always been one to get bored easy, doctors said that was common with people who are intelligent which is perhaps the one positive trait I will attribute myself, but it's worse now. I struggle to find joy in anything, rather it's games, people, music or just...day to day life. I mentally struggle to get things done or to motivate myself and I've grown extremely cold.

I've seen gruesome injuries and deaths right in front of me and it doesn't phase me, no response other than "That sucks" if I'm pressed by someone. I can't really empathize anymore and I have grown to have a general disinterest of anyone and anything around me. People have begun to simply just annoy me, to the point being around people pretty easily just makes me angry.

I've started to have to lie and act just to seem a bit more normal because I got tired of people I know asking if I was alright or "Whats going on with you?" I've begun manipulating people, even the very few i...Think? I care about just because it's easier and I don't feel bad about it, it just seems like the logical thing to do at this point.

I'm convinced, in part due to the past, that they're all going to leave me anyway, so might as well get what I can out of people before they move on. I know this is a wall of text and I doubt anyone is going to read it all or actually take me seriously or even be able to help me. Hell, the only reason I am writing this is because I know, objectively looking at my situation, that something is seriously wrong with me and I at times question if I am going to hurt someone. I don't think it would bother me, honestly. Hell..I don't know if I'd feel anything at that point..every day I feel a little more of me gone. Cliche as it sounds, I feel like I'm hollowing out into a shell.

It's kind of why I'm here. I'm considering it. Not because I'm depressed or sad. Not because I want to die, in fact i have a very strong urge to live. But, I have this voice, nagging me in the back of my head it be the right thing to do..to protect the people i used to love while I can.

Would it be the right thing to do? I think it would be..but I don't know. This situation goes beyond logic for me. I don't even know what's wrong or happening to me. I just know it is. It makes me a little scared, to be honest. What to do?