I suppose it's about time I make a post here.Family. It's what we are. Each one of us. Suicidal? Hell yeah, why not? Because I dunno... lots and lots of reasons.

Each one of us suicidal folk are members of a suicidal family. What is family? In our case, family is made up of each and every single one of us with the desire towards self-elimination. In real life families are all sorts of things. Some good, some bad. I barely have a family myself, and what I do have is hardly my own. But in the end it's the culture we choose to live. We have created a suicidal culture, one that wants to live rather than die. One that chooses life rather than death.

Maybe it's about time we as a family stand up for each other. We all got issues with our own families, we all got issues with our friends, we've all got the feeling there is something wrong with our brains, we've all got the struggle to survive on a day to day basis, we've all got unfullfilled wants and incomplete needs. We've all lost the will to live, we all want to hurt ourselves. We all want to disappear. We all feel like a waste of flesh. We all feel like there is nothing left. We're all struggling against the darkness and unknown. We've all lost our purpose in life. We all feel alone in our struggles.

But dammit, y'all. I for one aint going down like that. I can barely face my grandmother for the abuse and trauma she put me through, but I can forgive her for not knowing any better way. I can look at my daughter and say not only will I live, but I'll make it a life worth living. I can tell my friends I appreciate whatever support they got, so long as they can forgive me for not being overtly sociable, and if they got problems with that... well I'll still be friends even if it aint reciprocated. I tell my brain straighten up and fly right, 'cause there aint nothing wrong with my gray matter no matter what technical term a psychiatrist might use. I'm me, and I accept that. I can suck it up and eat food on a regular basis, go to work, exercise, stop drinking, and do the things needed to make it through the day and go to bed knowing it's a day well spent because I'm still alive. I can hurt myself, but I can forgive myself for doing so and look to something better. I can even forgive the ones closest to me that hurt me, whether actively or through neglect. I can find out exactly what my wants and needs are, and prioritize my needs first and research and apply the best methods for accomplishing my goals. Disappear? I can't be stopped, I'm solar powered. As much as I'm a waste of flesh, I can be all that and a bag of chips to the right people at all the right moments. Everybody needs help, and I can put other people's needs above my own. Even if it's just for a moment to make a moment that makes that day worthwhile. Helping others is a worthwhile endeavor. The darkness is there. It's a part of life, and instead of fighting it I can accept it as a part of nature. Half of nature. There is still that light, which though I've been afraid of, needs not be feared.

I still don't know what my purpose in life is. But in the meantime, I hope this helps inspire someone to put the blade, gun, pills, noose, or booze down and get to steppin.

I aint gonna lie though. Shits hard. Shits damn hard. Shits so hard my colon gone pop. But I can't let it stop me. Y'know that whole, "it gets better" campaign? Yeah, I dunno much about it either. But it's true. It does get better. But the only way things are gonna get better is if we start doing it.

The first step we all must take as a family, is to be proactive. Being a lazy worthless SOB I've been my whole life, I can assure you I feel you when you say it's too hard. But I'm going to go do it. Because there is an end in mind. A vision of a world where people don't run around offing themselves when things get too tough. A world where people don't stay up all night crying because they can't deal with life. A world where people like you and me can take a moment out of there day to take a deep breathe and say... "I'm happy."

Shit dog, think of the children. I remember being a small child just willing myself to rot and die. It's not cool, it's not fresh, it's not dope. And I don't want that for my child. I don't want that for all of you and your children. We're all in this together.

I've come to accept suicide not as a means of death, but as a way of life. And as far as life goes... nothing... and I mean nothing... can be thrown at me that I can't handle. Because I've struggled against the wailing and gnashing of teeth from the depths of Sheol and found myself broken, battered, and beaten. But nonetheless alive. After you stare into the abyss long enough, you start wondering what's behind you.

What's the worse life can do to me? Seriously. What? Kill me? Hell's bells, I can do that myself. I aint gonna though. Pray for strength and be stronger. Pray for life and live longer. Pray for a life worth living, pray to have something in life worth giving.

If I've no other purpose in life, I'd like to think that all of you... all my homies, this suicidal family of ours... I'd like to think I've contributed in a positive way. I'd hate to think I may have made things worse, but you never know. Maybe I have said something that set someone else over the edge. I aint gone beat myself up over it. I'm gone pick myself up and drive on.

Death comes to us all. No longer am I in any hurry. And when shit gets to be too much for me... I'll do my best to care of myself and what needs done. I got problems, 'bout time I start looking for solutions.

Everybody. Stay strong in the struggle. Much love, and please live.