I need to speak to anyone who is not already tired of listening.And that eliminates just about everyone I know.

I hope I don't seem too far off the deep end if I just start to ramble / complain. I suppose the beauty of long, typed diatribes is that you can just stop reading, no? 

I'm a college junior at a good school. I'm a smart girl. I like the things I do at school. I like who I get to be there. I have work to occupy myself and I succeed. I do well. I'm pacified. I've always been this way. But regardless of where I am or what I am doing, I am always grappling, to some extent, with debilitating panic problems. I've been a nervous kid all my life. My parents swear they saw it in me when I was still a toddler. I can't think of a less corny way to say this - but I'm very fragile, and years of work and a stint in therapy could not change that. 

Growing up, my parents divorced early and my father moved away. When he came back to visit every few months, he kept us in the one bedroom home of his friend, where my brothers and sisters and I were around a lot of drugs and violence. When I was ten one of the men who lived there started to molest me, and this went on for several years until I ran away from and never, thankfully, had to return to that house. Since then I haven't had any real contact with my father. Last I heard he was just diagnosed with some kind of disease.

My mother is a very abrasive woman who has put a lot of pressure on me since I was very young. She has a lot of problems of her own, but now that I am home for the summer, our relationship has become so strained that I feel this terrible, pressing anxiety each time we interact. She is partial to threats and punishment surrounding my school - she'll pull me out if I don't do this, she won't pay my tuition if I keep doing x, y and z. My school is everything to me. Cliched as it may sound, I love learning and I love to work. I can't have that taken away, but her demands are impossible and the panic she has incited in me has only served to make me more difficult and disagreeable. Recently she put all of my things in a garbage bag and sent me on my way. I've been hopping from house to house around here until she comes to her senses. Every so often I'll sneak back in if I have nowhere else to go. 

30+ applications later, it is seemingly impossible to get a job of any sort. I don't relate well to people and I don't have many friends in my hometown. Interacting with new people terrifies me. I usually become manic halfway through any sort of social situation and watch it crash and burn, go back home and fret over it for the next hour, wallow, all that. I'm very, very lonely. Very. 

On top of my panic problem, I've got some very serious undiagnosed heart problems. I will be in testing for the next few weeks to find out the scope of all this. My mother refuses to pay for these very critical, very expensive tests. This is a dead-end situation. 

I used to be a girl who loved and valued herself. I can remember feeling very beautiful, very talented, and very happy. I can remember having a tremendous capacity for joy. I have so many things I can remember wanting to do, but I feel so terribly helpless and sad all the time. Every aspect of my life is a point of worry and panic. Everything around me makes me sad, and lately I've been wondering if it would really be all that bad of a choice if I were to end it. I'm not religious. I can't conceive of any state of being or consciousness I would experience after this where I could regret having done it. I'll never even know.

Everything I love is in jeopardy. The people I love are far away from me and I may never get back to them. I don't feel some violent compulsion to kill myself, I just .. feel no motivation or desire to keep living. I cannot fight off this thick, pervasive sadness. In fact, I don't even really know what makes me happy anymore. I wouldn't know where to begin or how to rebuild, and quite frankly I don't want to. Therapy is out of the question, my parents won't pay for it. Same with medication.

All I do is fantasize about a way out. I feel unplugged. 

I want to be spoken to so badly. 