Can you give me one reason to continue living?If you care and can spare the time I'd like to have one reason not to kill myself except my parents being sad.

I am 26 years old and male.

Due to a hormonal disorder I still look like 14... with a body like a 14 year old and a high voice like a 14 year old.

I have a round babyface of a 14 year old.

Due to that hormonal disorder I have very small hands and fingers, like a 14 year old.

I have tiny feet and toes, tiny prepubescent testicles and a 3.5 inch pencil penis.

I am infertile.

I also have erectile dysfunction which is amplified while I am taking anti depressants.

That means I can't even experience an orgasm unless I stop taking medications.

I am 1,65 (5'5) and weigh at least 100kg. I virtually gain weight while looking at food.

I have pretty bad teeth because of my parents awesome genetics. I don't even drink coffee, tea or soda. 

I only drink water out of the sink because I have no money and spend it all on vodka.

I don't eat candy since it's too expensive for me, yet I have bad yellow teeth.

I have almost 20 fillings and destroyed enamel. The dentist says that we can't do anything about it. I have dark spots on my teeth.

The dentist said it was decay. I brush everyday with 5 different expensive special toothpastes that are supposed to repair enamel and have fluoride and what not.

It's because my parents lost like 60% of their teeth before I was even born.

I don't have any friends. I was bullied since 7th grade. I was ridiculed, humiliated and laughed at.

I lost my first job almost a year ago. I was in customer support and not good enough.

I am not good enough for the easiest job in the world.

I couldn't make friends working that job either. They would stare at me, talk behind my back, make fun about my height, primarily.

I am sitting in my apartment all day long and just try to pass the time until I can finally go to bed again.

The only thing I currently enjoy in life are my dreams.

During my awake time (might be night or day) I pass the time with opioids and vodka.

I used to like video games and shows, movies and youtube.

I don't anymore because they make me sick.

I can only bear these activities while drunk or high.

When I am drunk I watch funny youtube videos that wouldn't interest me when sober, and I would
laugh and talk to myself how funny it was and so on.

I regularly lead whole conversations with myself. It's pathetic really.

Half a bottle each day until I can't afford to buy more.

Welfare money is not that much.

I also take opioids (Tilidine) to get high because I am feeling better that way. When high I join some online games I wouldn't even play when sober.

I join these games with the sole purpose to talk over the chat or mic and "socialize".

Mostly I am annoying people and telling stupid bad jokes in the hopes of them liking me. Ofc they don't.

Most of them have friends already and a dude who looks and sounds like a 14 year old isn't really appealing for having as a friend.

I also suck at games which makes it more difficult to find friends.

After 2000 hours of Dota 2 I am at 2100 MMR. After 1.5k hours of CSGO I am Gold Nova 1.

I simply have no talent, even when I am practicing I can't obtain or increase a skill.

I am a useless loser.

What am I supposed to do?