I can't stand my own mind another secondI have extreme anxiety disorder and panic disorder. I have a panic attack at least everyday. I am a semi attractive female in my late 20's but I can't fucking stand myself and I don't think others can stand me either.

I lost my mother the only person who I could always count on 5 months ago. I was incredibly reliant on my mother. If I panicked to bad I would call her and perhaps stay out of the ER. I can't fucking breath when I think about her. 

I refuse to talk to my father. He was the most emotionally abusive cunt and made me fear everything. I think he is the main reason I have a panic disorder. I was shy and he didn't let me do anything without him and he made sure I was always afraid of every single fucking thing that could happen. Things like the "meat man" who will kill me and sell my meat to the neighbors if I answer the door. You can imagine how I felt when a person selling meat actually came to the house. He has been vocal about how much of a fucking disappointment I am, him and my brother. I have a 4.0 GPA and was on the deans list, national deans list, and 2 honor clubs so I didn't stop going because I am stupid. I missed so much school because of the panic attacks that I had to tell all my instructors about my condition and a few said they would have dropped me if I hadn't maintained such high grades. The worst part about the panic was the disassociation and tunnel vision. I have gotten tunnel vision and lost consciousness before and I didn't want that to happen at school. The last straw with my dad was him hanging up on me when my mother died.

My boyfriend of 3 years left me shortly after after my mother died. Not before telling me we should just kill ourselves even though I offered to move anywhere he liked because I now had the money to leave a state we hated and buy a house. He was the love of my life but for at least the last year he told me constantly he didn't love me anymore. Every reason he gave was related to my anxiety disorder. 

I dated after him, but I can't connect with anyone on the level I did with him and I can't fucking stand anyone. I had an on again off again boyfriend for 3 months who had no job (nor ever looked for one) lost his car and I had to support to the extent of buying his food and paying for a cell phone. I grew to hate him but the panic is worse when I am alone so I let him stay even when we weren't together. He got physical with me on multiple occasions but I think he knew my roommate would kill him if he hurt me to bad or if he was home when it happened. My mom use to get abused really bad and I hated her for that period in our lives so letting a man hurt me makes me want to fucking shoot myself. My ex of 3 years who didn't love me didn't pay rent but maybe 8 months out of 3 years, didn't pay for any other expenses and won't even talk to me now.

I can not make friends because I am to shy I cannot connect to anyone. I start trying but a day or two goes by and I can't stomach messaging them anymore. The only people I can semi talk to our people I date and even then its so superficial. I met the love of my life playing League of legends and talking to him was the easiest thing I have ever done. I have never had that before and haven't since he left. I know I never will again. 

I have no hope left at all. I am SMI seriously mentally ill, I have a psychiatrist who is fucking useless and a case worker who is equally fucked. They know my mom is dead and my bf left me and they are afraid I am suicidal but only called me once in the last 3 months. They just give me drugs. I have complained to the program managers but they tell lies about things they have done but they didn't do and they are so useless. My case worker was suppose to find me a grief counselor... yeah that happened. I have also seen may other people for my conditions. My GP is pretty well versed in my craziness and I also have developed a bit of hypochondria but that's a whole fucking story on its own but he assures me constantly I am fine. I will say I am terrified I am dying pretty regularly and with no one home most of the day I try to sleep because otherwise I check my vitals constantly and come close to calling 911 pretty regularly.

I have only stayed alive for my mother, boyfriend and my roommate who is my only friend on this earth. All I have left is that roommate and he doesn't wan't me to die but won't stop me because he knows how much pain I am in on a daily basis. I miss my mom, I miss the love of my life who won't even talk to me and I fucking hate myself. Everyday I want to kill myself but I always make a deal with myself that if I just get through the day I can do it tomorrow. I feel like tomorrow has come enough and yes I still want it to fucking stop I want nothingness. Suicide is not a permanent solution to a temporary problem. I have been ill for my entire adult life.