End of the line.It's about 4:30am as I write this. As I sit here wide awake from hunger and thirst, I can't help but think that this is ultimately what I chose. Forgive me if this is the wrong place for this post, I do not know that I want to be talked down or saved. I don't think I can be saved nor am I worth the time at this point. The end comes because I made this path and followed it to this conclusion. Finally, at last, there's no way out of the problem. 

Through and through, I am one of our society's losers. And there are losers. Those who fail to establish themselves, or lose their footing and slip through the cracks. I like to think of myself as a bit of both, however, the truth is I likely am the former. I've always had little motivation for myself. But I was bettering myself in community college when I met a lady. We dated for almost three years before she broke up with me. I loved her, I was ready to change my whole life to be with her, to travel far away and be the housekeeper, the worker, while she went to graduate school. That of course never happened. I instead transfered to a 4 year university where I did exceedingly well my first three quarters there. I tried to prove to myself I could do as well as her and took an excessive 26 units of work that last quarter I did well. And I really knocked it out of the park; I'd never been so proud. After that.. I guess I just felt kinda burned out. I'd proved myself.. to who exactly? Her? She never would know of my success, and I never told anyone about this. I became more withdrawn from my friends. I sought therapy for a bit but the sessions were so pointless. I stumbled in my ability to talk about anything meaningful. And I took pills for a bit, but I stopped after a few weeks. I felt no difference. Then I stopped going to the school counselor altogether. 

The next three quarters in school I am on probation and do poorly. I get myself one final chance, and fail the class I need to succeed since I cannot get to class on time, both my fault and the fault of my car. Some days I just can't drag myself to do anything, and the final two weeks of the class my vehicle needed repairs. By this point I was so withdrawn from my friends there were none I could ask for help in getting to school for this period of time. So I fail and am removed. 

Now I am not even a dropout..I am removed refuse from the pool of students at school. During the time following that, over winter, I had some money remaining to pay my rent and bills, but it has run dry since I was unable to find any employment as well. Rent's due come Monday at the absolute latest, and I have nothing of value to sell. My computer MIGHT fetch 100 dollars then I am ruined so far as a job hunt goes. My car's ignition no longer works, so I have no transportation, no way of getting it to a repair shop, and worse yet, no way of paying for said repairs. All I have other than that are my clothes and kitchenware. Nothing impressive there. 

When I said it earlier that I am a loser of our society, I really meant it. I'm 29, a college failure, no remarkable achievements in my life. I have never done anything courageous. No gainful employment, I have amassed debt and cannot support or even feed myself at this point. In addition to all of the above, I've been balding for the past several years, I'm a bit temperamental, and always sad. Unattractive, and even worse, unsuccessful, who would bother hire a person who got kicked out of university? Apparently nobody. Even growing up folks always said 'you need to smile more' or 'what's wrong'. I don't know what's wrong. Maybe I'm just.. "wrong," if that makes any sense. The only folks that will notice I'm gone are my bill collectors. 

But I'm scared. Not of dying, or leaving anything meaningful behind.. Really,there's nothing as you can see. No friends, no family in contact. No job. Only debt and failure. The thing that scares me most is that I attempt, and fail like everything else in my life; I wake up in the morning with no method of paying my rent and get kicked to the street. I think going this way would be easier than drawing it out on the street. I would never survive that life if I can't get through first world problems such as feeling sad. I just don't want to wake up this weekend. 