Think about it......what if who you left behind becomes a mess?

Yesterday my friend jumped to death. He was not my "best friend" exactly, just a friend i like to hang out with from time to time. But when we were together we always had fun and made the most of it. He was quite, literally, never liked noise at all. Never raised his voice, never argues, never "bothers" anyone with his presence. Sometimes he was a total brain-dead person, you tell him something and how ever simple you tell the thing, he would not understand, but a decent person and a nice dude in the end.

One day he messaged me telling he is living the loneliest episode of his 30 years of life. I immediately drove to him. Trying to ease whatever pain he has. He laughed and told me he was just kidding. Knowing he is a constant melancholia type of person, i did not think much of it.

After that day i messaged him daily, calling him to hang out. He rarely positively responded. He did join me on some occasions like he always did. I kept trying to bring subject to these matters, loneliness and emptiness he "joked" about, but that never stick. I thought "yeah maybe it was really a joke". We shared our sadness, but what we share were not big things, school life (we both have a VERY long college history), money issues (a typical problem in Turkey) etc..

Yesterday i got a phone call from his parents who live another city. They told me he "fell" and asked me to rush hospital to check him out and that the are on the way to my city right now. I thought "he fell? maybe he drunk too much and fell from somewhere and broke his leg or something.". When i arrived at hospital there was another of our mutual friends there. I asked why he is there and he said that my friend fell from the 5th story, where he lived. His place did not have a button to open the entrance to building so he threw key to front door whoever rang the bell. We thought maybe he fell while throwing the key.

Then came the police... They told us that this was a suicide attempt and therefore a criminal case. He jumped from his window and noticed immediately, he told the first responders that he wanted to die. We were shocked. 4 hours later he got our of operation room and rushed to icu. Doctor stopped by us and asked if we are related, we said "yes" and he said "i will inform you later, do NOT leave". after another 2 hours passed doctor came and told us they could not save him. We were devastated. Decided not to tell his parents till they come here since they are both very old and feared they might have accident or something while on the road.

We lied to his parent till they come, that he is still in icu, that he is connected to breathing aid. When they came, we were waiting them with police and a couple nurses ready to take control of the situation if something goes wrong. When we broke the news to them i could almost hear the shattering silence of their shock. His mother fainted, his father started to cry his heart out. Have you ever seen a \~60 years old man cry in a fetal position? It is something else. His mother? His mother was lost completely, her eyes were open but she did not respond to anything for almost an hour. It was like she died with her eyes open.

From that time on while the investigation continued we waited. We never slept whole time. His mother was begging me to tell of his son, his father was still crying, his family, friends all sat in silence no one uttering a word. I was calm one minute and punching my chest while crying another minute. His old room-mate was sitting in a corner blaming himself of not seeing this through. My fiance, who only just met him, in shock and crying on my mothers lap.

Think about it guys and girls, these people are all grown up, not kids, crying helplessly, blaming themselves.

I am suicide survivor. As one i can say this. when you suicide, if you die, it is your salvation. If you survive you will live the rest of your life with the scar of seeing your loved ones crying like helpless children next to your bed. Saying "life is beautiful, live it" is bullshit to a person with suicidal thoughts. Because they, we, do not see the world as you do, not with that thoughts in our mind. 

But that is not the point of this post. The point is this post is for people who has suicidal thoughts. HEAR ME OUT PLEASE! 

Talk about your problems, be vocal, it REALLY eases the pain. I lived through it.

It is not the HUGE problems that breaks a person. It is the collective strength of little problems that we never even considered much about. When you face a huge threat your basic instinct to fight it or try to get help for it. It is the hidden blade that cuts deepest, you never consider small problems a huge threat until they gang up on you. BE VOCAL ABOUT YOUR PROBLEMS!

AND, most importantly think about the people you will leave behind. You can never know who would get hurt when you are gone. When you die, you die, it is over, the end. But others remain. They can still feel your absence.

&amp;#x200B;

Think about it.