Being Fat Triggers My Suicidal IdeationI'm 5'0" tall and I weight 190-200lbs (that's what it was since I last checked, which was a couple of months ago. My scale died and I stopped trying to look.) My friends keep telling me that I don't look anywhere near that amount, but I can't believe them.

They will take pictures or videos of me and I'll see them and immediately think "I'm never going to look better and I should just save everyone the trouble and die." I disregard them saying this because when I take a video or picture of them, they look just like how I see them IRL. But when I see their captures of me, I look completely different from what I see in the mirror or on photos I take of me.

I've essentially been starving majority of my life. My parents were financially strapped when I was a kid and I ate one meal at school and one at home. Snacks were a no go because my mom feared me getting as big as one of my aunts (who is big enough to take up three seats on an airplane, which caused me to be fearful of that as well.) As I grew up, my mother told me to place all importance on everything else before food, because me putting things on hold inconvenienced other people and they should come first. So once I started working and grew into adulthood, I really only ate once and put everything else as more important. If I felt hungry, I'd eat once I had the time or money to.

I've tried diets and trying to exercise more, but I always lose the motivation. Because I don't see the point. Even the dietician my mother took me to in my later high school years (I was on diet pills for about 6-8 months at the age of 17), said that I wouldn't get much smaller when I was 160. My mother always told me that if I was as short as I was 115 should be my goal and I don't ever remember being that size.

I'm 26 years old now and while I have episodes of binge eating (rare, like once every 4 months), I still only eat once a day. I still feel guilty for even thinking about food and I'm scared to check my weight. I link my weight to every aspect of failure in my life (which I'm trying to fix, but I have no idea how.)

&amp;#x200B;

I just don't know what to do anymore.