I'm ready to dieI'm 18. This is my family: There's three members of the family: Mom and Dad and one younger sister.  They could be pretty harsh disciplinarians. Used to get physical punishment but that stopped when I was 7 or 8 after my mother went too far, left pretty bad marks, and begged me not to tell any of my friends. That was after I walked my cat, scratched up it's paws bc I guess it wasn't used to being walked along the rough concrete and yeah. After that, it's just mostly emotional stuff. Mental health issues of mine have lead them to tell me that I'm pretty much killing the family. I've almost gotten kicked out 3-4 times for said mental health issues, though getting kicked out isn't really a new threat. That's been my dad's threat ever since I was younger. As for my sister, she's been called a disgrace, fat, lazy etc. She's been sent out of the house and I was lied to as to the reason for this. But this... It's just a complete mess of things. I've been told that I'm killing the family, that my parents have medical issues because of me and that I'm just killing them with the stress. My father especially has a long history of threatening to or kicking out me or my sister out of the house. I'm really just ready to throw in everything and give up.

Despite all of this, we have some ok moments. Some laughing. Some good times together. . We've never been like starved, beaten, or cut off financially. I would say that we are upper-middle class. 

But last night... my father was basically having some other blood pressure episode. He was having severe headaches... neck pain and shoulder pain radiating down. Wouldn't go to the hospital. He's still here. But I would want to... idk. I'm ready to die. 5-6 years of mental health hell. 2 years of incontinence and being harped on it. I'm nothing. I'm just a burden to my boyfriend. 

I should feel lucky with COVID and everything that I still have a house and food and everything. I've relapsed back into anorexia and despite my efforts to get better, I want to die. I just want to die. I don't think life gets better. I'm waiting for my family to kick me out. I'm waiting for everything to collapse. 

I have pills. I'm hoping to OD. I have razors and I plan to use them to speed things up.