Everyone hates me...I feel like I just jumped from one nightmare living with my family, to another living with my partner and their family, and I can't help but notice the common denominator.

Everyone hates me, and anyone who doesn't just doesn't know me well enough. Even my own sibling, who was my best friend growing up, never wants to speak to me again.

I don't even know why. I legitimately don't know what I do wrong all the time. I always try to treat people the way I would want to be treated. Sometimes I mess up, and I apologize and, if the other person is willing, move on. But sometimes I'll feel like I'm doing great, everything's going well, and then I'll get an angry text out of the blue complaining about something I didn't do, or something I didn't do well enough, or something I did do that I didn't even realize was rude or wrong...

And I feel like I'm crazy, I feel like I'm going insane or already am insane, and then I go talk to my therapist and tell them everything, I don't even hide anything because I figure what I've done is so heinous, they're gonna hate me anyway, even if I do try to embellish the story to favor me. But then I'm always shocked when they actually listen to me, and point out the good things I did, and say that I'm not an evil monster for feeling the way I do...

But none of it matters, because then I get out of the therapist's office (metaphorically speaking since everything's online now), and I go right back to feeling like a horrible, terrible fuck-up who mistreats everyone and deserves everything I get.

So everyone else is the issue, or I'm the issue and my therapist is just playing devil's advocate. It seems like the latter is more likely to be true. I thought the former was true when I ran away from my family, but then things were the same with the next family I tried to be a part of. (It's also possible that both are true.) If I leave this family, then either I'm alone or I join another family and fuck it up too. Why shouldn't I just do the world a favor and mercy kill myself?