I went on a class trip to have fun, and it ended with a suicide attemptFor a biology class at my community college we went down to Baja Mexico for 8 days on a field station right on the beach in the middle of nowhere with 5 professors, 25 students. 

It was so so much fun the first 4 days, then on a Friday night one of the students, a girl who I’ll name as Sarah (not using real one) approached me and my boyfriend and asked for his pocket knife, which he handed over. 
Now we both knew she has anxiety and a bipolar disorder and that she had attempted suicide before via one of the profs who were close to her. 
So, after asking for the knife and receiving it, she wandered off. I hit my bf on the shoulder and asked if that was such a great idea. He pales a little, then runs to get it back from her. 
He gets it back just fine, we checked the blade and no blood.. I don’t know about if we got it back later than that though. 

Later around 9:30pm, she sets out her clothes for the next day, then stands by the door of the main room all the students were in playing games in, and makes sure my bf sees her, makes eye contact, and walks off while looking at him. He gets up to follow and tells me he’ll be back in 5 min. 

He wasn’t. It was 35 minutes later of me anxiously waiting before two profs bust in and start angrily saying that we need to stop playing this game, and that we can’t shout “help me” like that. 
Instantly I got a sinking feeling.. I knew this had to do with Sarah.. 

We all jumped up and the profs started searching bedrooms, but I remember which way my bf went. 

I grabbed one of the older students and asked him to go with me, because I saw which way my bf went.. so we ran off with our flashlights (it was pitch black). 
We jumped the stone fence and saw a prof running away from direction of off camp. He was yelling “go that way(pointing behind him)! We need a knife” and ran to find one. 
I’m extra freaked out now, and me and the other student keep running the way he pointed. 
Just outside of our camp was a worm down stone building that only had the support pillars still standing. I flashed my light on the building and see my boyfriend holding up Sarah’s body straight up.. and it took me a second to understand what I was looking at. 

Running up to the beams I saw he was supporting her waist, and she was being suspended by her neck, from a rope around her neck, tied to the support beams. ..he was straining to hold her up, and was stock still, but I swore I saw a smile on her face. The other student ran to hold her up with my bf.. I threw a hand over my mouth and ran back for help. 

I threw my body back over the stone fence and ran back to where everyone was still searching the rooms, and I honestly can’t remember what I shouted, but I got the professors attention and they all surrounded me, asking what was going on. 

I remember being completely out of breath and not knowing what to say at all, so I just sort of shouted.. “Sarah, she.. she hung herself..!” And then I collapsed on the ground, and my breathing got heavy, and I began to sob.. and one of the students held me and brought me inside. 

Sarah was completely fine afterwards. 
Completely. 
She was making jokes about “hanging around” with everyone the next day, talking to my boyfriend about how much “lifting” he did the night before with her. 
The professors continued on with lectures and tests. 
I was angry.. and I felt terrible for feeling like so. Looking at Sarah was hard for me. There was a horrible angry line across her neck, and popped blood vessels all up the side of her face. 
And yet she comes up to me and asks why I’m angry (others had told her). I can’t speak to her, I still can’t and it’s been 3 weeks since it’s happened. Everyone coddles her, but I just know it wasn’t a real attempt.. there were too many factors that made this out to be attention seeking in my mind. 

Growing up my sister would often sneak off alone to cut herself or would plan to commit suicide elaborately and effectively and was in and out of mental hospitals. So I know if Sarah truly wanted to commit, she very easily could have waited until we were asleep, like my sister. Later, my mother would threaten to commit suicide to get me to keep living with her. Out of spite. 
Suicide has been in my past absolutely. I have a horrible living situation currently, and my bf and I had just started dating. So so much had been riding on this trip for me, then this occurs and it brings back so much feeling, and puts a shadow on my entire trip and ruins my week escape and strains my new relationship. 

Am I allowed to feel shame and guilt for not helping more that night? I ran away from the scene to get help.. collapsed, and cried. All while my bf was STILL over there. I feel hot shame all the time I think of it. I replay it all the time and wish I had done different. 
I still feel the fear I felt that night. 

I find it hard to fall and stay asleep.. I’ve been buying ZzzQuil go try and help.. I just feel sad every single day. I’ve been eating either a ton of food or nothing for a couple days. I’m so so sad all the time and guilty and I can’t stop it. I don’t know what to do. 