I want to disappearI'm a 21 year old female that was born with a chronic/technically terminal disease (cystic fibrosis). I'll likely die in my 40s or so. As a result of my illness, my mom didn't want me and latched onto my younger sister who isn't even a carrier. She also spiraled into a deep depression apparently. My little sister, the one who was supposed to be born, told me that my mother admitted to her that had she known about my illness, I would've been aborted (and who can blame her). My mother verbally, mentally, and physically abused me my entire childhood. She even tried to kill me by strangling me, and later said she had thought about neglecting my treatments when I was extremely little and just letting my health suffer. I dated two men who absolutely *brutalized* me sexually, mentally, and sometimes verbally (think police involvement, etc.) and one who wasn't abusive but made me feel less than dirt. I was bullied at school. I was passionate about a line of work, but once I got an internship in that field, my boss's boyfriend would secretly scream at me and kept me living in fear for the month I lived with them. I now have no sense of direction. No sense of self, internally or externally. I am lost. I've tried to seriously kill myself maybe 2 or 3 times, and not so seriously well over 10 times. I've self-harmed for years now. I watch other girls my age and they seem, some at least, genuinely happy. I feel left behind by my generation, but also forced to grow up and be more mature than everyone else.

&amp;#x200B;

There are moments though, where I'm free. It's usually night time, walking around forests or cities or towns in the dark, slinking through alleys or trees under the faint glow of stars. Maybe this is all cringe-worthy or weird. I feel like a ghost, coming and going, and no one knows me or can really hurt me. I'm nothing, and that's ok. It doesn't matter who I am, or where I've been. I just go where intuition takes me. I have no responsibilities, no pain. I'm here, but I'm not. The world is quiet. Or rather, it's as though I have one foot in this world and one foot in another and I'm walking through this meandering twilight zone. And if anyone were to stop me, I could pretend to be anyone, and they wouldn't know better. Even if I get lost, well, it doesn't really matter. I'm alone, always have been, always will be. I imagine killing myself might allow me to feel similarly. Also, IF there is something after this life maybe it's just a new adventure, a new place to drift. Does anyone else wish they were a ghost?