Debating with myself, maybe someone else can give input?I've struggled with depression and suicidal thoughts since middle school - I'm now middle aged.  I've been to doctors.  I've done the medication thing with almost every known med out there.  I've done the ECT thing.  I've done the suicide attempt/hospitalization thing. I've been working with the same doctor for many years and trust him very much.  He keeps wanting me to meet with a psychotherapist but every time I've tried therapy in the past I find I have nothing to say after the initial meet and greet/history taking and we sit there staring at each other. Last time I met with him he threw out the diagnosis of borderline personality disorder.  I feel like he is exasperated and is putting it out there not because I meet many of the criteria but simply because it's a catch all option.  I want to scream at him - you don't even have to live with this shit every day!  You deal with it once a month for 15 minutes from me.  I know he gets it from others too every day but that's not the same as living with it.  I'm in the medical field, I know that me dealing with patient issues all day at work and then going home is not the same as the patient living with it.  If you are giving up, how can you blame me for wanting to give up after years and years of living with it? Even if I did have BPD (which I highly doubt after reading more about it), wouldn't it be justified/make sense after so many years of a struggle like this?

So I've been debating about whether to keep trying or just finally escape.  I have good life insurance that would pay out for any cause of death 3x my annual salary which would be enough for my family to pay off my house or sell it without the risk of losing money.  Besides, I've been working really hard fixing it up so it will be worth more.  I would ensure no family/friends would find me.  I know how, where.  It's just that pesky survival instinct that's still hanging around.  

I'm sure I sound like every other posting on this website but what do I do when there's nothing left to do except get out?  I'm scared of dying but I know there is no other end to this lifelong depression.  I don't want to hurt my family/friends but I've given them half of my life, maybe it's ok for me to take the other half?  I know dying wont fix it - it will simply eradicate me and it but maybe there's a point where that's preferable to an irreparable disease?  I don't know anymore. 