I have a feeling that my mother is driving me crazyI am not saying that she has evil intentions. She is unintentionally doing so.

She is diagnosed with some mental illness, but I don't know what it is. But she takes clozapine for past 27 years.

Everyday she believes in a lie posted on the internet and I try to talk her out of it. And I am exhausted. I am drained. I don't have the energy anymore.

And she is a baby who will never learn to think for herself, unlike typical babies who start to make good arrangements come teenage.

I am myself diagnosed with Schizoaffective disorder. And the unsaid advice is to never leave the family, because I will not be able to handle life myself and would kill myself.

I have a feeling that they are playing a game with me, where they perpetuate my suffering, because in a subtle way it makes them feel good about themselves.

Because when we put two people side by side, let's say, a well groomed person and a mentally ill person.

People realise how awesome the well groomed person is. And there is a invisible ego boost that he feels.

So he would hate for the mentally ill person to die. He would equally hate that person to get healthy. Because if the mentally ill person becomes healthy, and actually better than the well groomed person.

People would start looking up to the person who used to be ill in the past, but now is better than the groomed person.

So again there would be invisible ego deflation that the well groomed person would feel.

So he would hate the ill person to die or get better. So the well groomed person would do everything possible to maintain the status quo.

He would pretend to help the ill person when he is being watched.

----------

I am in the same scenario.

The hero will remain ever obscure, his qualities will become visible / enhanced, when there would be a villain.

The hero needs the villain. The hero benefits from the villain.

-----------

If I start to lose my temper while explaining my mum how all the magical cures that is being shared on WhatsApp, YouTube etc is a lie. In my next appointment to the psychiatrist they will up the dosage of my antipsychotic. 


Now with a greater dosage of antipsychotics, would come greater side effects. 

The level of testosterone would go down. The level of prolactin would go up. 

I would become slower and fatter. 

My dick will never get hard. There would be a semi erection at best. 

It would be an emasculation. 

A systematic emasculation. 

I will not expect girls to be my partner, when I won't be bringing much on the table. I don't expect any woman to be my partner if I am not able to earn money or have satisfactory intercourse. 

They are a human and they have their own needs and wants. And it is a very human thing. It is very understandable. 

So I would remain with my family. 

I would essentially be a "neck beard living in mom's basement". "free loader". "incel" etc. 

So the bullying would take on a regular basis. Daily dose of insult. 

And I would be a burden on the society, on my parents etc. 

And when I will talk to my male friends, I would have to hide my depression because it would be draining for them to counsel me. And that is very understandable. 

So I would pretend to be happy. I would smile and laugh. I would feign to be interested. 

And the depression and anxiety would start oozing. And they will ask me to be myself and not pretend. 

"just be yourself" 

So I would talk about what truly goes on in my mind. 

And they will silently ghost me, because they can't confront me about my depressing presence. And they don't want to hang around me, because the internet has always been suggesting people to 

"cut out toxic people from your life" 

Etc. 

--------

I will talk to my counselor about having no friends, and they will say - try to be interesting. 

Etc etc etc. 

--------

I am tired now, by writing all this. But I can go on. 

But it feels like there are two options that I have. 

Lose 

And 

Lose. 

------

But there is a third option.