stupid. guilt. depression. Why didn't I succeed at this last year?My first post was a year ago. I didn't realize that until I logged in just now to write a new one. 

This morning, I was driving and the song I almost committed suicide to came on. I thought, elatedly, 'past self, thank you for not killing yourself! What an amazing year. What an amazing night.'. Then, maybe one hour later, I was asking my past self, 'Why the fuck didn't you do it?"

I'm not going to get a world of sympathy here, nor do I deserve it. 

A little less than a year ago, maybe three months after my post, I met an amazing man. It took no time at all for me to fall in love with him. He was so much of what I wanted. Funny, outgoing, polite, not super attractive but his smile and eyes slayed me. But, he was married. So I kept it to myself because that isn't my style.

We became good friends over the year and here and there would flirt innocently but it wasn't a thing. Just like friends sometimes do. 

Then about two weeks ago, he let slip that he thought of me a lot. Though I've been dating and getting back on my feet, I've met no one that makes me feel like he does. We both agreed that while we are very attracted to each other, nothing could ever happen.

Then, a few days later, we found ourselves alone and got carried away. We did not have sex, but we did a lot of stuff. The next morning, I got a guilty message from him apologizing. I apologized back and we agreed it couldn't happen again.

I thought about him nonstop for all that time. His touch, the way he looked at me in a way no man ever had. He made me feel more loved in that one night than my ex did in ten years.

Last night, a friend asked me to drive this guy home because he needed to head the other way. I'm strong enough. No big deal. Well, we ended up in each others arms again. Still no sex. Everything but.

Today, he messaged me saying we clearly can't be around each other. He's never cheated, and has no intention to. I have never been the other woman, and have no intention to be. He's not wrong. But fuck, it hurts so much. I finally find a man that makes me feel beautiful and loved, but he belongs to someone else - a good person, too. He said he was sorry for hurting me but he needed me out of his life because we clearly can't control ourselves.

I agree with him but yet I feel so rejected. He's right. This is the right thing. But i feel hurt and used. 

I haven't had the urge to cut in a year. And now... I wish to god I'd taken those pills and that alcohol. This is stupid. One week of making out and I want to kill myself again??!?!? The fuck is wrong with me. I've been in therapy, I thought I was in a good place. But dear god, over the last year I fell in love with him - and it was manageable because he didn't love me back. Until I found out he did. 

I don't want him to ask me to continue this affair. I do, but I logically don't. It's wrong. It would hurt everyone. And I feel guilt for letting anything at all happen. Who am I? 

And I'm alone again. He gets to go back to his wife and continue his happy life and I'm here again with no one. Since the breakup mentioned in my first post, I've managed to push nearly everyone away. I have no family. 

When I took a drive today, after he talked to me, all I could do was stare at the sheer cliffs off the side. I don't want to live anymore. I don't see that I'll ever be happy regularly. I wish I'd done it last year because I wouldn't be here, in pain, again. If I do it this time, next year I won't regret not doing it now. 
