i genuinely deserve to die a horrible deathwhen i was 14 i was talking to a friend about this person who had a crush on my best friend, my friend brought up the fact that this person was sexually abused by their uncle. then i went into a panic attack and vented to my friend about all these “memories” that were popping up. “memories” of being fingered when i was young, being shown porn at a young age, and having my chest played with by my own uncle.

then after that i spiraled and was convinced my uncle molested me, i told around 5 people. it was a terrifying thing. then shortly after, i had a nightmare of the exact “memory” that appeared during the time i had a panic attack. after that nightmare i was fucked up, i didn’t sleep for 4 days, was having constant panic attacks, smoked a lot of weed, and self harmed. i was convinced i was molested. 

then i got sent to the ER because my anxiety and fatigue was driving me insane and suicidal. i spent 3 days in their ER then went to a mental hospital. 

i was talking to a lady there about why i was so fucked up and i remember explaining that i was molested and was also sexually assaulted by one of my friends(which i know for a fact did happen no questions asked). 

then after i was discharged from the mental hospital cps made me file a police report. i told the investigator my “memories” of being molested, and also told her about my sexual assault story.

now around 5 months later, i feel extreme guilt. my uncle was never convicted for any crimes and neither was the guy who did assault me.

why do i feel guilty? because i lied. at that time those “memories” felt real but now when i think about it, it’s bullshit. and i deserve to die for it. i deserve to die for nearly ruining an innocent man’s life. 

now before you tell me what i know your thinking i’ll just say it myself: i deserve to die. i deserve to kill my self. i’m a waste of space. i fucked up big time. i should kill myself. i should slit my wrists. i am a nightmare. i’m a piece of shit. i’m a liar. i’m scum. 

i plan on killing myself soon. my dad has plenty of firearms in the house. i don’t deserve to breathe. i don’t deserve to have friends or a loving family. i know i’m a piece of shit.