I just want to ventI've been depressed my whole life, and became suicidal 2 years ago. I've tried one shoddy attempt at suffocating myself once with a plastic bag and rope, but that was it so far. I do fantasize about it all the time, daily, even as I type this. I tried to talk to my dad about it  several times, but he thinks its just bullshit. I talked to my sister about it a lot, but she always seemed to just brush it off because  she went through a depressive streak and slashed her wrists, but got over it somehow. 


She went and had a kid with an abusive drug addicted criminal, and now she is going through a nasty custody battle with him. I am being supportive, listening to her, being understanding, reassuring her, basically just trying to help her out as best as I can, and not stress her out. I also help her pay for some minor things and help babysit my nephew, as well go to court with her to give her a moral boost. She moved back in with me and our abusive parents, and I tried my damn hardest to make sure they focused most of their crap on me instead of her. She was only able to last a month with them. 


So we go to court last week, nothing really happens but the crazy guy's lawyer scares the shit out of my sister, so she calls me hysterically crying saying she wants kill herself. I somehow manage to calm her down and cheer her up pretty quickly, we talk some more, and she hangs up. And now here is the problem, ever since that phone call I get extremely angry when I get my suicidal thoughts. It's like those thoughts have been a comforting thing for me, something I could control. When now I can't think about them, because if I go and off myself my sister and nephew will have no one to help them. Anyone have any advice? This shit makes my angry just typing it.


**TL;DR:** Suicidal thoughts daily. Sister only semi supportive. Sister needs help, I help her. One day she calls me telling me she wants to kill herself. Now I get extremely angry when I get suicidal, because I can't kill myself and leave my dumb sister by herself.