I don't know if it's worth posting here, but...I don't even really know where to start. And I'm just going to come off as whiny no matter what I say or how I phrase it. So... here goes, I guess. I'm sorry if I'm incoherent in any way or anything like that.

I just feel so woefully inadequate. And stressed beyond my breaking point. And sad. And so many other things. Maybe I should start with my feelings of inadequacy.

I dunno, I'm just not good at anything I try, no matter how hard I practice. I've been trying to learn to program for years, and it never sticks in my head, no matter how long I keep my nose pressed to that grindstone, doing exercise after exercise to try to pound syntax into my head. I thought that maybe joining up with a friend to work on a startup would help. Nope. Still couldn't learn shit. So I stepped back into more of a sysadmin role. I'm decent with Linux, right? I can certainly do that? Nope. I couldn't even set up a fucking email server. I haven't done shit on this startup, and I'm not certain I can do shit in college. If I get into any colleges. I'm a straight C- student. What fucking college is going to want to take me? Sure, I got just under 2000 on my SATs. Those don't matter. Not when you pair it with how I only have one extracurricular, which is really just fucking with computers, and when you consider my shithouse grades. Further, a friend has a potential programming internship lined up for me, which is great. But what if I can't learn anything then? What if I prove to be the liability I know I am and wind up not only wasting everybody's time, but I also bring shame to the friend that stuck his neck out for me?

Further, I don't even know that I want to be a programmer. I've been sure of it for as long as I can remember, and now that I'm applying for colleges.... I don't know. I may be the world's worst programmer, but at least programming doesn't make me want to step in front of a train like everything else I try picturing myself doing for a living. I'm going to be spending most of my waking hours at whatever job I eventually get. Shouldn't it be something that makes me happy? But the thing is... I can't think of anything that makes me happy that I could earn any money from.

In addition to not knowing if I'm going to get into any colleges, there's the matter of how I'm going to pay for whatever college I manage by some stretch to get into. I'm not going to take federal money. I can't bring myself to make every taxpayer in the nation contribute to my worthless ass. Scholarships are out of the question due to my shit grades. I could take out student loans, but I'll be paying those off until the day I die. They'll always be there, looming over me.

And going yet further, what about my friends? I don't have many, and I know that most of them are going to go their separate ways, and I'm okay with that. What I'm most worried about is my girlfriend. Yeah, I know, I sound sappy and clingy. What the fuck ever. She's been my best friend since I met her three years ago, when I moved and subsequently switched schools. She's always been there for me, and I've tried to be there for her. In fact, I just got off of a video call with her where she spent way too goddamn long trying to cheer me up after I suddenly got overly depressed and morose at the drop of a hat, and believe me do I appreciate her for that. Thing is, she can go on and on, coming up with things to say, anything to cheer me up. And that's wonderful.

But I can never come up with anything to help her out when she's in my position. And that makes me feel like the worst boyfriend-- hell, worst regular friend ever. And what if she leaves me? What if things go sour and I lose not only the best girlfriend a person could ask for, but my best friend? What if?

We put together a plan to go on a post-graduation road trip with a few of her friends to... somewhere. We think maybe Seattle. I have a tentative plan to live long enough to see that through. But I don't think I'll be able to live up to that plan. I haven't felt anything close to happiness in years. I don't actively want to die, and I don't have a plan for how I'll do it. But I do want to stop feeling shitty. I *know* I'm going to off myself at some point. I don't know when, or how. But it'll happen. I don't know how it'll affect the people in my life, and I can't bring myself to particularly care. My mother might be a bit sad, but we don't have any sort of extant relationship. My girlfriend will probably be sad for a little while. I don't know about anybody else.

I'm sorry for sounding all whiny and mopey and just like a general asshole. But I needed to post. I've needed to for a while.