I don't know why I'm waiting.I never thought I would be able to post on this website. I broke down so many times reading posts on here. It's strange I care more about the poster I'm reading about than myself. And feeling I don't want them to hurt anymore. But it made me feel compelled to share where I am at, in hopes someone else reading knows they aren't alone and maybe help them. Idk.

But ever since I was a kid, my gut feeling was that I wouldn't live passed 35 years old. I can't explain it, it was something I was so sure of throughout my childhood. I've been battling depression since I was about 13, when I first noticed just the overall feeling of worthlessness. I never talked about it with anyone, just kind of bottled it up. I've made a lot of bad decisions in my life, resulting in losing jobs, felonies, people who meant the world to me leaving. And there were a few times that everything i bottled up started to leak out and I had to be committed several times for a 72hr eval. I would lie and tell the dr what he wanted to hear and be on my way.

Long story short my ex-fiance cheated on me and left, and told me everything she felt was a lie. She wanted to try and live a life settling down and getting married but it wasn't for her and she wanted to be free. That destroyed me, 5.5 years ago, and I know I haven't been the same person since. I've been dead. I even had my gun in my mouth at one point chambered, and I couldn't do it. This voice in my head screamed out, what will happen tomorrow. I was so angry because i didnt want to find out, but at the same time i wanted to know. 

Fast forward through rehab and jail. I get a new job at a convenience store, it's a pretty big chain in my area. And I meet this woman. The moment I saw her and I knew. I FUCKING knew she was the one, that same gut feeling that I wouldn't live passed 35 hit that this woman was the one. Long story short we got close, and she cut me off and ignores me completely(except at work) because she is in a relationship with another woman and wants to make that work. Which I respect. But god damn, WHY? Why did our lives have to cross. I've asked her if she wants me to quit, hell I even tried transferring yet she talked me out of it, saying she is afraid we will never be able to talk again if i leave. it's like life is fucking with me. she cares, but not enough to do anything about it. She is all I think about, I've tried dating and talking to other women but they pail in comparison to her, All I feel is worthless, unloved, unwanted, and abandoned all over again. And to make it worse the only person in my life who cares and wants to be friends and talk is a 17yo girl from work. She is the sweetest person I've ever met and has no business talking or even being in the same room as someone like me. Yet she tries, and she cares and it fucking kills me that she does. She should be living life and enjoying her childhood not caring about or talking to a piece of shit like me.

I'm 29 and everyday that age limit of 35 feels more real. I've hated myself since I can remember, and the ONLY thing right now that feels real is the end. I have this whole plan of how it's going to happen and when. I know I rambled and it may seem like stuff is not that bad, but I left a lot out. regrets... I guess my biggest is the fact i'm supposed to have a child right now. But i was scared and didn't stand for my morals or what i wanted. I'm just haunted by my pain from the past and tormented by my pain of today and hating myself for never being good enough. Some days I wonder why I am waiting, yet that voice asking about tomorrow is still there. But it is fading. I'm a fucking mess. I'm sorry for the long post. i just wanted to let some of this out, since i don't have anyone to talk to really. What will happen tomorrow? more pain? relief? My dreams coming true? Why can't I wake up from this..