I don’t want to die, but I have no motivation to live anymore.I’m a 25 year old female. I’m currently unemployed and still living at my parents house. In this past year my life has just gradually gotten less bearable. I become addicted to gambling in September/October 2018, I was incredibly fortunate to have had a large win and walk away with 75k, however in the process I damaged countless relationships with family and friends because all I cared about was gambling. More importantly I destroyed the trust with my partner of nearly 6 years. I’m now 6 weeks clean and I feel no desire to gamble anymore. However I feel I’ve completely ruined my relationship with my boyfriend. He recently joined the Army and since then things haven’t been the same between us. He was away for 14 weeks during training and this was really difficult for me. We got through it and now he’s only away Monday-Friday but as he put it we aren’t in sync anymore. He tells me story’s about the other ‘lads’ going out drinking and sleeping around on the weekends and I honestly feel like he feels that he’s missed out on being a lad and acting this way. I personally just feel a burden to his life now and he has no need for me anymore. 

My career path was to join the RAF and unfortunately failed the medical due to a heart murmur I knew nothing about. This was an incredibly low point in my life and I fell into a state of depression. I feel he didn’t give me the support I needed because he was so focused on his career and himself. After over a years testing they found my heart was wired slightly different but shouldn’t cause me any issues in later life. However nearly 2 years on and I’m still in the process of joining the RAF I just feel no motivation to continue with it. I feel no motivation towards life at all. The only strong, stable figure in my life is my boyfriend and now I feel like I’ve lost him as well and I’ve got nothing to live for. 

Like I said in my title, I don’t want to die I just really haven’t got the strength or motivation to live anymore, everyday is a battle that I don’t want to fight. 

I’m not suicidal, I couldn’t do that. I just want things to get better and everything to be ok again.