Anyone pissed off by the little things as well as the mental illnesses?Is it just me that gets frustrated by little trivial things or people being selfish or not caring. Don’t get me wrong my struggles with resistant depression, anxiety and a couple other illnesses make life unbearable

But those restively little things in comparison just validate my point that life is just annoying and people are selfish. I’ll give you an example. 

I went to the same school as this guy in London who was kind of a friend but not that close. He was relatively friendly but I could see he was a bit selfish and self obsessed. He claimed he has some condition from birth which meant he couldn’t do exercise in p.e and got mitigation for exams and other stuff using it. 

Yet he used to tell me that he went to the gym regularly and come in saying his legs ached. I had a belief that he may be getting his way out of p.e because he couldn’t be asked and went to the gym. Anyways this was none of my business and frankly I didn’t really care  I was inclined to believe him at the start because my initial thoughts is never that someone is lying. 

Anyways, he ended up going to the same uni as me. We become relatively good friends and I introduced him to some of mine. He then asked if I wanted to go the gym and he was completely fine running on the treadmill. He also went for runs etc and lifted occasionally. He’s a relatively nice guy and fairly inclusive. 

Anyways me and a few other people decided to live together second year of uni. So he sends a message saying that he is going to collect the keys from our estate agent or whatever so that when it’s time to move in we can all move in. No ones yet responded.
This obviously means he will have to be their first to let us in. Now I’ve known this guy for several years and think he has an ulterior motive. He’s doing this so he can pick his favourite/ best room by being the first person to move in. 

I think we all talked about it briefly last year and said we would draw straws etc or something but it was never properly discussed. The problem is that everyone is gonna move in at slightly different times and if has the keys no one else can get in. So how do I not let this guy control the situation and how do I kindly say in our group how we are going to decide which rooms people get? The issue is people will be moving in at slightly different times as a couple don’t live near. Therefore where are people gonna pack away their stuff while waiting?