I Should Be Happy, but I'm Losing My Will to LiveI don't have any friends to talk to and just needed someplace to get this off my chest. I've never posted to Reddit before, thought I'd give it a try.

I haven't had the easiest life, I grew up poor in a single parent household like most Americans. Even still, it could've been worse. I've always been depressed since my youngest years, but didn't know it was depression until I was 20 years old when I was admitted into a mental health facility following a suicide attempt. I had just gotten out of an abusive relationship and was recovering from anorexia.

Since then, I met the love of my life and moved to his hometown on the west coast--2400 miles from my hometown. We've been together a little over 7 years now. With him I've experienced so much and enjoyed life so much; he's taught me so many things about myself and showed me how important I am when I start feeling less than myself. He's been my own personal counselor when I'm depressed, anxious, paranoid, etc. He proposed to me on my birthday 2 years ago.

Today, he's still the best part of me. I've been so sick with numerous curable ailments since late 2016 and he's by my side every step of the way. We have plans laid out for our future but I can't get over this gnawing feeling inside. I'm tired of fighting to feel better. I've been bed-ridden for over a month now and I haven't been able to work since the first week of February. I'm so tired of "giving my body time to heal". I went from going out and living every day to laying in bed feeling miserable both physically and mentally. I'm nearing the end of my rope but my fiancé is the only thing keeping me from letting go. 

I don't know what to do anymore and living is more like a chore now. I'm stuck in limbo trying to find a way out of this pain. Even though I don't want to break my finances heart, I really just don't want to live like this anymore. I'm waiting on test results from my doctor that may explain all my symptoms. I'm not religious, but I'm praying that I have this certain illness, as one small surgery could heal me nearly completely. If the test comes back negative, I'm right back where I started and I'm not sure I can keep living in painful mystery. 