I was told to come here: Suicide is the only way forward for me. I can't help myself, therapy can't help me, and nothing else can help me.The outlook on my life just isn't good enough to be better than dying and then being dead. This isn't a you are depressed so you don't see things clearly problem. The reality my therapist describes, assuming she's more or less correct, means that my life is hopeless, and I'm better off killing myself today.

I have no interest in adjusting my view of what is good enough. At this point I need a sexual and intimate relationship with a woman I'm attracted to. That will never happen, so suicide is the best option for me. Medication isn't an option. Hospitalization isn't an option. No amount of reasonable "self improvement" is an option. I've already considered those, and it just isn't going to happen. This is an emergency. I need my needs met now.

I'm not threatening anyone, these are just facts. I might have some of the unimportant details a little off, but the important parts are right.

My therapist refuses to help me. I have no reason to think other therapists would be able to help either (I've seen several). The problem is with therapy its self. It just isn't designed to help me.

I don't have the power to get my needs met. My needs would have to be met first before I could do anything that could reasonably increase my chances for my needs to be met. So, it is a hopeless situation. Therapists do not seem to work for people like me. I mean that I pay my therapist, but her real client is the rest of society.

She's not looking out for my best interests. She would rather I suffer for decades. In her mind that is better than me dying and avoiding all of that suffering. She has an unrealistic view of what is possible. I mean that she's deceiving me, and possibly herself.

There are simply no other options. Believe me, I've looked. Going on without getting my needs met only makes me worse off, and isn't an option either. I have no options. I have no choices to make. All I can do is kill myself to end the suffering, because nothing else will change it. What would need to change for me to not kill myself simply isn't going to happen. That includes any therapist helping me, because that just isn't their job.

I've probably already heard anything anyone might comment here, so I won't respond to a comment if I've already seen it before.