Just Being HonestMy life is in shambles, has been for many years. Thought that I could work past my problems and bounce back on my feet and it isn't happening.

 I lost my home almost 10 years ago, someone else's vices and addiction ruined our family and my educational future, so I couldn't go to college like I wanted to. I moved to another state where I don't know anyone and feel completely alone, and have felt that way ever since. This place still feels completely alien to me, and I just want to go back home. I only know one other person right now, and I can't speak to them about anything in my life without the conversation turning into something that always belittles me completely in some way.

My life is very solitary. I either spent my days working or playing video games. My work used to be my life, it was the only thing I took pride in, until I got thrown under a bus by people I trusted. My career and confidence has been ruined completely in that field, and I struggle to make any money now. I feel like I've wasted my life in that regard, since even though I'm properly skilled than most people (it isn't bragging, but it's a near lifetime of experience,) I can't get proper work in my field without a degree. 

So naturally, I escaped thinking about life by using the internet. I was pretty careless about my life in general after my work issues happened. Unexpectedly, I met someone online, and I never felt a connection that deep before with anyone. Over a year passes, we grew closer, made plans, we were crazy about each other. I probably took it too slow, but I wanted things to go right with us. I wanted to be a better person for her. But because the law of nature dictates I can't have anything good in my life, out of nowhere she cuts off communication with me, many months of agony went on without knowing why. "I don't want to talk until we meet," it boggles my mind why she said that to me, or thought it was right to do. 

Eventually after months trying to contact her, she made up lies about me, my "motivations" for wanting to be together, she did everything to push my buttons to try and hurt me, and it worked. I did something in that instant that I'll probably regret forever, I completely snapped and blew up at her. This was after months of being hung up on, and being disrespected for no reason. After hearing the bullshit being thrown at me, being blamed for her own life problems, I couldn't take the emotional abuse anymore. But that was all it took to end whatever we had to her. I later learned she essentially sabotaged our relationship because she was lonely and wanted to fuck someone who lived near her. But I never got an "I'm sorry," only made-up reasons why I'm horrible. The kicker is, all of this started because I wanted to give her a plane ticket, and after giving her something I spent weeks on. I also saved up for the vacation I thought she deserved. 

None of that matters anymore, since I don't matter anymore. Now I get to hear about someone I love/hate being happy, while I'm beyond miserable. People I've talked with told me "there's a positive in this," and I don't see it. It's sad that I put so much emotional investment in some woman I never even met, and probably never will. I feel so totally screwed over and hurt, and I feel like I never got a real chance I deserved. I deserve to be loved, but I feel like it will never happen.

I am just beyond angry, everyday I wake up pissed off. I kick something, punch my door, think about all my time wasted by people who claimed to have my back, or care about me. Think about how this always happens to me, and how things will never change. People use me, they get tired of me, then toss me aside and dispose of me.

 Before I moved to where I live now, I lived in a major city. We were going broke and I was looking for change so we could eat every day. All I think about is that day, and how I never want to be in that situation again. Trying to take care of my sick mother, completely out of her mind and unable to work. My dad just says something to me casually, like he'll come back he just needs to "grab something from the truck and come back." But he never did. I never saw him again. It's infuriating to me that I can't strangle the life out of him for doing that, or the other people who have bounced in and out of my life and trampled all over me.

All I think about is revenge, anger, getting back at the people who have wronged me. I'm in a constant rage now. It's wrong, but I can't help how I feel. But I also just don't want to be in pain like this, I want to be loved and cared about by someone, and not thrown away in this fashion anymore. My life has been going down the drain and my blood feels like it's on fire everyday.

Every day I wake up (if I sleep that day) in anger, and think about just ending it all, "why be in pain if you don't need to be? Why put yourself through this when things will never get better, when things will never change?" And I can't see a reason not to, and that's the worst part, the thoughts of suicide intensify every day. If so many different people keep doing this kind of thing towards me, even the people that are supposed to be closest to me, then am I really worth loving? I have no friends and essentially no family. Maybe the point is I'm not supposed to be here, I'm a mistake that the world keeps pointing out. I have nothing to live for. I'm essentially worthless to the world. 

I'm sorry for the wall of words. 