Pain is weighing me downI wonder about the taboo of suicide.  As a person admits to considering it, it's like some sort of line has been crossed or something.  Like you said something that makes no fucking sense, and is wrong.  I sometimes wonder why this is so ridiculous to other people.   Even with a good story, some ridiculousness and shit is accepted. 

I once was in an accident.  A car accident.  My right leg was very fucked up.  I severed my MCL, tore my meniscus, fractured my Femur and shattered my Patella.  It sucked.  I was down for about 9 months.  I had surgeries.  I have pins and shit in my knee.  I recovered though.  I had to go from a wheelchair to crutches to a single crutch to a cane and 3 more months to walk without a limp.  I had to learn to walk again.  It was tough, but I had something to look forward to.  Getting better.  Being normal again.  I had to work for it, but it was tangible.

Now though.  Now it's different.  I have a problem with my spine.  It hurts.  It is pain.  I take 6 medications a day.  I go to physical therapy 3 times a week for 3hrs.  I go to sleep in pain, I dream pain, I wake up in pain.  All of he things I do teach me to deal, and cope.  No one will say they can help me out, just train me to deal with the pain, and teach my body to avoid things that make it worse.  I can't work, I lost my job.  The pain encompasses every aspect of my life.  I'm not crying to you.  But his is no way to live.  I can't live like this.  When my leg was fucked up, I had something to look forward too.  Getting better.  Now, I just have pills and classes to deal with it.  This is my life.  Pain,  All day and night,  It won't change.  Only the classes and pills.  The coping.  It never changes.  I am miserable.  This is no way to live.  I can't live like this.  So I ask you this.  How many years?  How long?  When it is ok?  I mean, we put animals out of their misery.  When is it not okay to to end it.  It destroys me, seeing me what I do to family every day.  Every day.  And a day consists of another session of misery I have been trained to deal with.  Not fix, just get through.  When?  At what point is this not a thing to consider.  I am miserable, and I am dragging my family down with me as I run up more bills, and take more resources.  I am not happy.  This is not a life.  This is no way to live.  

So tell me.  Why not?  Tell me why theres not a circumstance where this is a consideration.  Don't tell me to call a number or the same generic shit.  I want you to tell me why it's such it's a fucking sin to terminate a failing situation before it is a complete failure.  Why would you keep someone from stopping the pain, before it ruins them in every possible way.  Could you feel okay about stopping a person from ending their own misery?  