Here goes..I'm... I'm not sure where to go with this. I felt like I needed to say.. something. To do something... The thoughts get worse and worse and it feels like there's no escape. People around me have it much worse, yet... I have a son, who I wish I adored. I have a husband who stands by me, even though I think I'm gay. He doesn't care - sex doesn't matter to him. He even doesn't care that I go my own way, as long as I keep him in my life. But... every day I hate myself worse and worse. Everyday I feel the pain of EVERYTHING I've gone through and most days... I don't feel like even waking up. I do it cause I have to. I do it cause it's expected. I do it cause we can't afford food, much less funeral bills. I found out that I was raped as a child, which makes sense, due to my ever present hyper-sexuality and morbid forms of kink (I've had them since I was two. I can remember masturbating and begging to be fucked even that young) and my inability to really show emotion. Doesn't help that I have been raped a few times, due to my inability to act when it happens and the biggest reason: believing the only way I can be loved is that way. Sometimes I think that some of my fucked up fantasies are due to that, but some of it I know is just me being a shitty person. I also was raised with a mother who had a mental combo - adhd and borderline personality. I, myself, have an extreme form of ADHD and it's killing me... Try having a thought when it feels like your mind is trapped in a literal web of a thousand. Like watching a million TV screens and not being able to even see one. I also can't get a job, I'm a college dropout (psychology, funny enough), for no other reason than laziness, and I'm incredibly selfish and really - I just wish it would all go away. Which is why I role-play online for hours and hours - trying to forget who I am. It was why I was a pathological liar for so long. I don't know where I'm going with this. I'm suicidal, but I don't have the courage, or any real motivation, to kill myself. I'd be dead a thousand times over if I wasn't so fucking lazy... I just... I wish, some days, that something terrible would happen to me so it could all end.