I'm considering Suicideso lemme give a bit of backstory (sorry if this sounds like a sob story or whatever)

i'm depressed. or i assume i am. i feel like shit and recently have been feeling less and less motivated to do shit. i've gone through hundreds of temporary friendships (people you know and talk to for like a day to a few months but never see again after your few conversations) and i just don't feel like i could ever achieve my goals

i'm almost 16, and that means i have 2 years of teenhood / childhood left. but my mind has been corrupted already from the internet (i've seen plenty of NSFW, both p0rn and g0re) and i'll never be the innocent happy child i once was

i have soulbonds (fictional characters in my head / headmates / fictives) but i rarely talk to them, so i'm basically alone all the time. i'm also homeschooled, and we never go to those homeschool meetups or anything, so i can't make friends real easily.

i used to dream of being a popstar, or some form of a singer. this has been the most consistant dream i've had (i've also wanted to be an artist, writer, worldbuilder, animator, game maker, news caster, activist, etc etc), but recently there's been this person called Grace Vanderwaal.

now i'm not saying i hate her, i actually really really like her music! but i feel my irl situation puts me at a disadvantage and allows more privlaged people to have more opportunities. and now i honestly don't know if i have any real talent anymore because i'm not see as a good singer to anyone i'm not looking for attention from.

ill likely deactivate my account after i post this and get some responses because idk if i should be sharing this information at all, but honestly i'm looking for outside reasons not to just give up on my dream and put a necklace of rope around my neck

a big part of my popstar dream was me being a young star, and now that i'm older and depressed, it'll likely give me less opportunities than before. so it really makes me sick when i see someone i relate to so much on a stage when it's been my dream my whole life.

i'm honestly expecting "try writing more songs and putting them to youtube" or something similar, so if you can do something more... helpful than that (if i tried to record my songs, it would sound like shit because bad quality microphone n video editor) then pease... tell me what i should do.