A deep dark holeI’m feeling so defeated and alone. I’ve been in this particular hole since Monday. I’ve now missed work twice. I just wake up and can’t move. I have two young daughters who I don’t send to summer camp and we all just stay home. They run around fending for themselves, seemingly having the time of their life, eating snacks, laughing, running around the backyard etc and I just lay here immobile and silently crying for hours on end. 

Every night I drift off at some ungodly hour picturing death, wondering who would notice, obviously my girls, they’re literally my only reason at this point for existence. The guilt wells up inside me though for the life I’ve handed them, their dad is a fuck, I have no family, I can’t even get up to get us to school etc....anyway, I fill the other hours rereading text arguments between myself and my on and off again boyfriend, sobbing because he’s being distant and has zero empathy for what I’m going through. I tried to lean on him when I missed work on Monday, I told him I felt alone and he ignored me until that night when I bawled to him that I couldn’t take care of the girls right now and he begrudgingly came over.  He let me go out and find some alone time, helped with some bills but didn’t seem to want to be near me that night or in the am when he had all of his things ready to not return the next night. Then telling me he needs the next 3 days to himself. 

I feel like the more I tell him I’m struggling, the more I get punished. He’s told me he’s not happy with me and that I have an attitude. It just makes me feel worse and slip even further into this fucking hole. I don’t know what to do. 

I have no parents, I have no friends I can talk to about this. I just lay. And cry. And think about how this is my fucking life. Alone. I don’t know where to go from here. I feel so fucking lost and hopeless. 

I’m open to suggestions on how to cope/pull yourself out when you have no one and you are a full time parent with zero help. I’m just exhausted, you guys. 