I’m getting bored with life and I kind of like the idea of being ready to dieIv done most of the things I wanted to do by my senior year of high school. School is really easy now, I only have two classes a day and am usually out by 10:35 am. I have a decent car my parents let me use to drive back and forth to school, work, etc.

I saved up around $1,300 and bought my dream pc iv always wanted since I was a kid. It’s funny I did that, I don’t even really play Xbox anymore much less games. I noticed I have no patience for people, and when I try to make some I get really annoyed, and anxious.

I don’t really have friends since I stopped doing drugs about a year ago. I’m not interested in new people, I just don’t have patience, I’m sorry. I took up swimming recently I’m improving at it. At least that’s what my coach says. That’s been the only thing iv really cared at least a tiny bit about in weeks. Even then I don’t really.

I dread work, I hate it. I cannot quit I need the money. I’m a cashier and I hate socializing with these people. It’s so forced. I would have liked to have gotten a different job, but as a teen the service industry is all you get.

These past couple months iv been eating so healthy I think I’m in the best shape iv ever been, never really cared about sports, but iv always cared about my figure. I don’t know why because I haven’t been emotionally attracted to women in over a year. I noticed I’m attracted to guys although not sexually, just emotionally. I’d rather date a guy, but have intercourse with a girl? It’s weird I guess. One of those teenage hormonal things, I don’t really intend on figuring out.

Everything’s just kind of in front of me right now. I have everything iv wanted since freshman year. I always planned on going into the military, and I know I could ace the fitness scores. I’m just tired of waiting for it. I keep fantasizing about death. Back when I did it before I would just think of how much people would miss me, and that they would think of me. Now I just think of the blackness it would bring. 

I’d be done with everything, and everything done with me. This sounds really weird, but I’m sure this entire post does, but it comforts me in a way. Maybe this is a vent? I think I’m just tired of living.