Maybe writing will help.First off, I’m just writing this in hope of relieving some of this pressure I feel in my chest. It may not be interesting, but feel free to read my thoughts and sob story. 

I had a relatively normal childhood. My parents divorced when I was 6, but I was so young then that it didn’t really affect me much. My father was (and still is) extremely religious and as a result I never got to engage in a lot of stuff normal kids did. We didn’t celebrate birthdays or any holidays, and my father prevented me from spending time with other kids for the most part. As a result I always felt like an outcast since I was young. I didn’t have a social life for a long time because I wasn’t able to cultivate any social skills for a long time. School was the only thing I had some sort of pride in. I got good grades, good test results, and so on. 

Despite me being pretty lonely throughout most of elementary and middle school, I felt happy. In high school I stopped living with my dad and I was able to do stuff I wasn’t able to before. I made new friends, went to parties, and I was happy. Then all of a sudden  one day in the beginning of my junior year of high school I felt like I hit a wall. I kept questioning my existence. What is the point of everything? I kept imagining different futures where I’d be successful at achieving my goals, but the thought of it didn’t bring me joy anymore. It just had an underlying feeling of emptiness. From then on things like hanging out with friends, listening to and playing music, didn’t bring me joy anymore. I felt and still feel empty. I closed myself off and lost friends and failed classes. No one tried to help me, and I realized how little I matter in this world. I started thinking about suicide daily and it began to be a pervasive thought throughout each day. 

I ended up dropping out of high school because my attendance was so poor. I have my GED now and I’m going to community college, but I’m only moving forward because I don’t know what else to do. I hate living each day and the thought of suicide is almost a comfort, but the thought of just not existing scares me more. All I know is to exist and just ending that is scary to me. Maybe one day I won’t be afraid of that anymore, but until that day comes I guess I’ll just trudge through each day. I hope one day I’ll feel like how I used to. 

If you read this all thank you, but it is mostly for myself. I wish everyone the best, but I know wishing doesn’t really help. 