4 November, 2015. Tomorrow will be the day.I've thought about this long and hard. Tomorrow will be the day I leave this Earth. I'm going to the bridge where it overlooks the highway, where it's right beside the apartment of my home. I'm going to wait for a truck, and I'm going to leave this Earth.

I've written the final draft of my suicide note on my phone and I can't wait to transfer it on paper. 

No one i know is on reddit, so I guess it's safe here.

Mom, I love you. I ALWAYS have. I was never the child you wanted. I was your mistake you had to carry for 19 years. You'd always let me know how much I was a failure. By ending my life, you'll be freed from your misery. I love you. Now, you're finally free.

Dad, we never had the bond parents had with their children. Our relationship was almost cordial and formal. The only time I see you is passing you while heading to the bathroom. But I just want to let you know that I've always loved you. 

To my friends,
Thank you for being there for me. That you for spending time with me and making me feel like a real, functioning person. I love all of you. I'm going to miss singing and jamming with all of you. I'm going to miss going out, laughing and having a good time with all of you. Remember when we said we would meet up in like 10 or 20 years to see how we've grown? It's not going to happen with me around, but god bless that all the best happens to all of you. I'm sorry for doing this, but this is in the best interest, for the benefit of society, to have one less person who doesn't understand the social fabric of society. A person who brings the storm in the calm of a situation. No one wants to be that guy. It's sad really, but life goes on. We're all going to die and be forgotten, but it will not be in vain.

To my teachers, mentors and academic figures who have influenced my life,
With heartfelt thanks this is my word to all of you. Thank you for imparting the knowledge and thank you for helping me out in times of need. Thank you. 

The rest.. thank you for being there. But I can't be with you anymore.

I wish I could live longer, but I can't feel this way anymore.
