I've tried and i've failed. 34 And my entire family has died, facing financial ruin and I'm trans.\- My mom died of lymphoma out of the blue last summer. She was the last surviving family member. 

\- I gave up a promising award winning artistic career to help my mom out 7 years ago after the death of my grandmother when she had a mental breakdown.. all for nothing. I feel my dreams slipping away from me.  

\- Unable to work, crippling depression, facing financial ruin about to lose the family home thats been with us since 1955. I've failed 2 generations. I'm a disgrace.

\- Friends have become fatigued with my situation, They're slipping... they've relegated themselves to my eventual suicide. 

\- I'm trans male to female  been on HRT for 4 years but have not been able to reboot my life, or transition full time socially due to the chronic instability in my life. My trans community looks down on me for situations I cannot control they think i'm not really trans or i've detransitioned. Many of them are very privileged, seeing their lives is like a dickens scene where a poor child peers into the window of a restaurant gazing upon a rich loving family having christmas dinner. It's agony. 

\- My ex partner and whom I consider my soulmate (also trans) at least on a non romantic level, I recently came out too... I don't think she took it well... went from "we're family you're not alone, you can always talk to me" to  "I cannot at this time support you, I hope it works out for you" I begged to talk to her when I needed to the other day... nothing. This was the last straw. I have nothing now. 

\- All of my friends are having children and I've lost everything, my life in total misery. I want nothing more than to have a stable life with a partner and a family. Nothing more. All of you, please be grateful for now, these moments. Give your parents a hug, tell them you love them. 

\- I'm bi polar II, but I normally don't have any issues unless theres a situation... well theres been a lot of situations all compounding at the same time. I can't handle it anymore. Theres just too many problems I can't fix, too much pain. 

\- I've phoned crisis lines, my friend who has grown tired of me phoned the police twice on me...the police were very nice 

but the mental crisis ward was truly horrible. Revolving door policy, nobody cares. I told myself I wouldn't go back there alive. 

\- I was betrayed twice this week, once for someone taking credit for a portion of work I did on a high profile project. Then being accused by my ex of doing something I didn't do. 

\- I'm deciding on what the best way to go is right now. I suffered from shock in april of last year and nearly died in the hospital from blood loss. You know at first it was scary, the feeling of dying is the worst thing you can feel but when you let go... a warm wave of calmness over takes you and your consciousness starts to flow into everything. I wanted nothing more than to go back to whatever or where ever it was. You have nothing to be afraid of from death, once you cross a threshold you're designed to be at peace. I saw my mother die the same way in front of me... 

\- I'm afraid to die. Only because I know that this life repeats endlessly. The eternal return is real, i've had memoires of the future. My entire life Just like the Episode of Star Trek TNG: Cause &amp; effect where everyones able to predict their next cards. I've seen accidents, the death of friends, or obtained impossible knowledge, predicted the next series of events with multiple witnesses. Not because i'm psychic but because this is happened before just as I saw my own death. You know deep down it's true. That unsettling feeling you've had since you've been little, well the twilight zone ending is real. That lurch in your stomach before catastrophic world events occur. 

We're likely stuck living this life over and over for infinity. Time is lensing around a point and some of us are cursed to perceive it as a whole. Soon this will be confirmed with evidence and humanity will never be the same.  I don't want to live this pain over and over... I don't want to doom myself to a worse hell than I need to go through. But i've already seen how this ends. 

\- The world is coming to an end. We're facing human extinction, nobody is doing anything about it. Fascism is on the rise. Suicide rates are sky rocketing everywhere.  It's over soon. 

God, whatever you are (likely a programmer that doesn't give a fuck about you) I've been a good person. I don't want to die. I just wanted to live a life with dignity and peace, I've tried so hard but failed over and over or people have taken advantage of me. All I want right now is a second chance, a family, stability, hope. My parents sacrificed so much for me and I'm eternally grateful, Now look at how pathetic I am. 

I've made plans, soon I will have no choice but to act on them. 

God forgive me. (thats a bold statement from an agnostic )