I(24M) think I have dealt with enough to call it a life.Hi,

I am gonna quickly explain my life to you guys.

24 year old Indian male. Fell in love at the age of 17 to the most beautiful human being in the world, and I say that with all honesty. We've been with each other for roughly 6.5 years, steady.

Like every couple, we've had our fights, but mostly we grew up from theme, kept perfecting each other over the years and I'll always tell you that this is the most beautiful part of my life. We actually met online and our religions are different, both families conservative, hence eloping was mostly the best option for us and we always knew that.

As she is still a student, and I am working full-time, I have been planning the future once we elope. There is a job kept for her in the company I work and everything. Deposit for a different apartment and all the other things that you can think of.

Last year, I got diagnosed with Brain-Tumor and she stood by my side as I lost all my savings. This absolute gem of a woman, stood by me, watching me go through everything as I went through the painful ordeal that was my treatment. I begged her to leave the sinking ship but she stood close. Love of my life. Ever since that, I get diagnosed with certain side effects and are on heavy medication related to treatments and my mental health related stuffs. I am dealing with major depression, mood swings and a certain detest and fear for life. (I am under treatment, yes.)

Her college asked just her to come and do some work for the dean. The COVID cases in the city is 35,000+. And I said "No, you shouldn't go." She said the dean wasn't listening. And dumbass me said "I'll fuck up the deans career.". Tweeted to the university. Put a story from a fake account on Instagram. My words weren't very kind. Deleted the tweet, as my GF cried asking me to not ruin her career. I forgot the Instagram story. Some teacher saw it, and she was the only one who was called in on Monday. She was obviously asked. She did manage to handle it somehow and is not in any trouble, but yes, I did harm her in ways I did not think was possible. I know I am a complete asshole for this.

Maybe if wasn't on so many medications for anxiety, depression and the rest of them that might have clouded my judgement, maybe, if I wasn't so afraid or something, I would have just sucked it up and things would have been better.

She said the relationship is over. Now, this was everything I had in my life.

I am 24 years old. I have never known any kind of love in life. All of it.

We have this shit called horoscope, and according to mine, I would be the reason for my parents death before I turned 13.

Age 0 through 13, I was a bad omen. I was going to be the reason for the death of my parents. Even though my parents were nice to me, the rest of the family hated the sight of me. I have never cut a cake in my life. Birthdays were constant reminder of another year losing your parents. Nobody wanted to celebrate my birthday.

I had some bad experience from teacher during the private tuition 12 through 14.

Had to watch my best friend of 17 years pass away in an accident when I was 17.

That's when I met my GF. The best of the best. We planned everything. We knew we were going to marry each other. We knew ours was one of those fairy tale romances. She made a man out of me. She made me whoever I am, the good bits.

23, I am getting diagnosed.

24, while almost getting out of the bed, I am losing her.

The treatments cost a lot of money and I think I can help to put my sister through college. Its not like my extended family loves me a bit after I turned 13 and saw that both my parents were alive, so, I don't think they care what happens to me. I have no direction in my life, and I am really tired.

I am tired of being an inspiration figure for kids, I am tired of faking a laughter, I am tired of putting people through the shit that my life is.

I don't want to end my life, no. But I don't think there is a life either. I'd rather be diagnosed terminally ill than be where I am right now.

With the last action, I think I have dealt with enough to call it a life. 

I have no idea what to do.