Sister has BPD, has been suicidal for years...It's getting worse. I may sound selfish in this post but I can't deal anymore. My adult sister has BPD and has been diagnosed for years, she had a great psychiatrist years ago but he died from a heart attack, now she hasn't found anyone steady. Due to insurance changing and stuff like that, she has a new team of doctors and things seem to just be getting worse and worse. She is constantly suicidal, upset or in a rage. She has two sons, one just started college and the other is 16. She has part custody with her ex husband, who is a very stable and helpful with things. 

I live 4 hours a way and have been back and forth with my shitty car at least one weekend a month (if not every other weekend) while I work 60 hours a week. I just can't. I this last weekend was my birthday and she got mad at me because I told her I just wanted to be alone for my birthday because I am more and more depressed due to emotional fatigue, mostly from her but other things too. So now I have a three day weekend coming up (Wednesday-Saturday) and she tells me she is going to kill herself on Wednesday.

 I feel manipulated, but I know she has BPD and I don't understand her pain. I have been suicidal in the past and have attempted to take my life before, so I get that, but I don't know what it's like to essentially live in hell with her BPD. I don't know what the right thing to do is. I spend so much of my time talking with her, driving up to see her (and she goes into a rage if I visit my other sister while I am there), I can't just go and be there with her because it will be the same thing in two weeks. I literally don't have emotional space in my life for anyone else and at this point it takes me two full days of being alone and out of contact with the world to start to feel like myself again. But two whole days without contact with her sets her off and here we are. 

IDK what to do. My other sister's husband had a terrible heart attack last month and I changed my work schedule to go up there and be with them. He was in bad shape and I stayed with my other sister for a day in the hospital. That night I got back to my BPD sister and she said she was going to kill herself and had razors out and everything. I know it was a trigger for me spending the whole day with someone else but I had to take her seriously. We got the doctor to call in more colazapine (which she says hers was stolen), and I spent the morning with her and she calmed down enough for me to go back to the hospital. Then I got to rush back down to work another 60 hours.

Now it's been three weeks since I visited and with the suicide talk IDK what. She told me last year if I don't move up to where she is she's going to kill herself. I can't. My whole life can't be about her. I don't know what to do.  If anything were to happen to her I will feel guilty and selfish the rest of my life. I wake up with worry in the middle of the night but I don't have words for her. Her brain is what it is. She means so much for me, we haven't always been so toxic, but she's so lonely and has nothing fun in her life (hello? Who does). IDK. I told her last night I was going to have her committed on Wednesday then if that was her plan. Today I plan on calling her shrink and asking wtf is going on. And getting in touch with her ex husband. 

I'm sorry if this is the wrong place to post I don't know where else to go for help.