I don't feel wanted or that I fit in anywhere First time I've done this, guess I should say a little bit about myself. I'm 19 (M) and I'm in college right now. I was born with Aspergers syndrome and I haven't been able to see my therapist for months at this point. I don't feel like there's any groups on campus that would like me. I'm not very well liked in most of my classes. I feel alone and used at work (a shitty dish cleaning job that I only have because it fits with my schedule). I went to our Christmas party yesterday and it was super awkward, I talked to basically just one person for two hours and ended up annoying them. I go to the gym nearly every day but I just feel like I shouldn't be there. Every online forum or friend online I have I eventually either annoy, get blocked by, or end up driving them away. I spend most of my time when I'm not studying, working out, or cleaning dishes on my PC. I'm somewhat paranoid and I have a painfully short ability to wait or be patient.

Every sports team I've been on I just end up being mostly forgettable and mediocre. I can't name a single location I can go to other than my own room where I feel normal. I am on bad terms with half my family, the other half being all over the country.

Most of my friends have moved out of state or are so busy I barely get to see them. Whenever I make new friends I rarely try to keep up with them, yet I know I should. On the rare occasion I do, they never respond to me.

I haven't been in a serious relationship in about 3 years. I have been dumped or rejected by every single person I've fallen in love with since then. I cannot remember the last time I got a hug from someone that wasn't my Dad.

The only person in my life I feel truly valued by is my father, who spends mountains of cash on my tuition and therapy. I often talk to him about problems he says he wishes he could answer but he cannot. He is quite old now and I don't know how much longer he will be here. I can see the pain I put him through and it makes me feel ashamed of myself.

I don't feel welcome anywhere and I dont know what to do.