[24/m] Tell me how I handled this, or more importantly how I should of.Posting this in /sw because you guys probably have some good insight on these types of situation.

I met this girl a bunch of years ago. She seemed a bit creepy/weird, but nice enough. I knew she had a crush on me, but I was with someone at the time, and would be for some time. So we met with friends, and had some (platonic) fun. She would occasionally freak the fuck out with regard to my current girlfriend, and stop talking to me for some time. But we would always make up. A few years later, I just got out of a long term relationship, and we met, discussed going into a relationship together, and immediately moved in (mistake number one by my count.)
This girl is, for lack of better words, mildly socially retarded. She has a lot of trouble processing complex human interactions, and has a bunch of attachment/abandonment issues stemming from having been born in a warzone. She has basically divided the people she knows into three distinct classes: Her family, which always comes first, her friends, and then the rest of the world, for whom she has little care. She was also at the time taking medication for her depression, which I don't necessarily see as a bad thing - she was getting help with her issues, which is something that is difficult for her because in her culture, and thus family, having mental issues is a big taboo. She never told her family about anything she had, depite having had at least one close shave with suicide.

So - from the beginning, we had a rocky start. From my point of view, this was due to the fact that she had very little relationship experience. The simplest conflicts would end up with her yelling at me to pack up my things and get the fuck out of her life if I wasn't happy with how things are - despite me actively trying to mend bridges / establish a dialog with her. Full disclosure: I have had a few (short and long term) relationships, and usually don't have a lot of trouble with communication with my partners. I will admit I am a pretty direct dude, and that I am rational-to-a-fault with my discourse. That will have jived with her, because she is of the emotive type.

This went on for some time, alternating between something somewhat better and somewhat worse. A few months later, she ended up getting a job as a social worker for abused children. This obviously took quite the toll on her, emotionally. She was also under a lot of stress because of financial issues. You see, at her parents' insistence, she bought herself a new condo and a new car, because (according to them) that is what successful people do. She barely had enough money to live with after the payments were done - If I would not have been there to pay with her I don't know how she would have done. She also got into a spat with her parents, avoiding them for a few weeks. Which seemed to be a first for her.

Now, a little about me. I have been raised by a single father. My dad wasn't a bad man by any means, but he was a hardcore depressive. While he didn't drink or gamble or anything, he was a pretty bad parent because of that. By 10 years old, I had had to deal with my dad's suicidal threats so much that I simply didn't care about them anymore. But these things leave deep scars. Even though I was able to tune that crap out, the threat of suicide is pretty much the only thing that gets to me nowadays. Otherwise I believe myself to be an exceptionally stable person.

You can probably see what is coming next. One night, after some meaningless argument about something I've forgotten about, she angrily threatened to kill herself. I honestly don't necessarily think she was going to go through with it 100%, but there it was. We were near our condo - so I grabbed her arm, completely pissed, and dragged her up to our apartment. I then sat her down, and informed her as calmly as I could that either I was going to call her parents or the ambulance so she could be taken care of. This set her off even more, and in the ensuing struggle I completely lost it and throttled her for about a second before I realized what the fuck was happening.
This is the most shameful loss of control I have ever been through in my entire life. Something like that had never happened to me before, and I hope it will never happen again. Nevertheless, it happened. In any case, this made us both stop, and I resolved to go to the emergency the next day, so she could get the help she/we needed with her issues. (Should I have simply left then and there?)

In the aftermath of this, she ended up getting followed by both a psychologist and a psychiatrist, and getting prescribed some pretty heavy duty meds. She also got a few weeks of sick days from her job.
The time off helped her to some degree. She resolved to quit her job, since she hated it and the stress it imposed on her (she would remark that she could not read the reports about her wards without seeing herself in their place). But the (verbal) fights continued. As an example: This one time, she was talking on her cell phone while driving. I remarked that it was dangerous, and that I would appreciate that she would not do so in the future. This was enough to set off a fight that lasted like, a day. I would try to reason with her, and she would literally just discard whatever I said: she didn't take any sort of proof into account.

In the meantime I had gone to my dad's, seeking advice. He liked that girl a lot, and shared a similar personality. I explained everything to him, and he told me to get out. That he had been in that girl's shoes and that despite my trying to mend bridges, that it wouldn't work out. That she had to take care of her problems first - that my method wouldn't work, I guess. I will admit that I was in agreement. By that point, I didn't very much like my life with her. It was a constant pain, having to fight about the most asinine of things, and then having to sit there for hours trying to defuse non-issues with her, with the added difficulty that logic didn't work. I felt that I was trying my utmost to help us communicate, but that in the end it wasn't doing jack shit. I didn't love her anymore. So I resolved to leave, dreading another suicidal episode.

In the end I didn't have to. A day or so later, she told me she was leaving me. That she felt I was distant and cold, and that I didn't love her anymore. That she was leaving for her parents's place, and that she would give me the time to move out.

Except she didn't. She called me back like an hour later, and told me to get out, now. I told her that it wasn't possible, that it would take me at least a few days to gather my things and move out. She then came over, bringing her dad with her, a man with whom I had a certain affinity. She had apparently told him that I had beat her, so you can imagine how that went. Nothing really happened (because he, unlike her, is a reasonable man) - and I didn't tell them about what had happened with her, mentally speaking. And here I am, a few days later, boxing my crap and asking myself what I could have done better.



Edit: I have forgotten to include a pretty important part: I am to be leaving this country in a few months. She knew this when we started the relationship (8 months ago), but obviously this was another source of stress.

Edit 2: In order to have a look-see in her mindset, here is an email, roughly translated, that she sent me a few days after she left. In order to understand some bits about it, I'll give you some additional info: I am a grad student, awaiting my diploma. So in the meanwhile, I do part-time work unrelated to my major. I am leaving the country to pursue my education in England.

If you decide to read this, I want to write my thoughts, the reasons for my decision to break up . Despite what you may think of it after what has happened, I love you. However, I must let this love fade over time and here's why. I know that you did everything in your power to make this relationship work. However - and I know you will not agree and you say I invented bullshit - I think your heart was not there. Your heart was not available to me. He remained perhaps suffering in that life you lived with your dad. I am too proud to suffer because of this; to be number two. I prefer to spend the rest of my life alone, if necessary. You loved me with your mind, not your heart. I think you were in your mind already elsewhere in England. You are no longer here. Here, in our condo, you do not live, you survived waiting for better days, waiting to leave. I watched helplessly too long before showing it. But contrary to what you think, these are not the only reasons for my decision to break up. Long, I felt powerless in the relationship. I felt that my voice had no power or place. I also felt that despite everything I did to make things better, it was not enough. It made me exhausted. I had no energy to fight with you, I could not find the right words to make you understand. And above all that, I do not think strong enough to survive the coldness of your words, despite their good intentions. I really want you to meet a woman who will tell you the good things that will set her limits. Perhaps you will also love her enough not to kill her with your words, despite her flaws and errors. I have not been able to put my own limits, because I do not respect myself enough for that. That's why I accepted the unacceptable. But I'm working on it. It will take me a long time to get back up after you. But I will take this time and I know I will grow, even if the pain of being without you will make me want to die some days.

I can not remove the head the idea that I was a girl you chose to help to redeem yourself in your own eyes. You often say, "I want to leave you something," as an inheritance. With these words, you already condemned our relationship, despite the nobility of your intentions. But I also wanted an equal. Not a psychiatrist, not a psychologist, not a father, not a Jesus came to bring me peace and leave. I wanted a friend, someone with whom I feel free to share and be free to be myself. You have been with me in very difficult times. But not as a friend. As a dad. I think you need at all costs to save someone, to take care of someone. Sometimes against the will of the person. Like your dad, for example. Sometimes you have to let things go. You do not have to save your dad, you did not save me. He lives and what I saw was not your fault or your responsibility. You must take care of yourself.

I know that I hurt you very much. But, it was never my intention. Also, you know as well as I that it is you who decided to come live with me and most importantly, you decided not to work, a decision that I have always struggled with. To me, you're better than that. But like I said earlier, you're in survival mode now, so you do not care.
Without being pathetic, this message is the work of all the pain and the love I feel for you right now. My email was not intended to blame you but to make you understand my thoughts, distorted as they can seem you. I do not expect a response from you. I just hope that once the crisis is over, we also remember the good times spent together. I loved above all sleeping in your arms.

TLDR; I get into a relationship with a girl that I've known to love me for years, which we both know is temporary. It falls to pieces. Where did I go wrong?