I am painfully torn between writing my suicide note and preparing to leave this world or making one final attempt to get better and keep living. This is torture. I am a 30 year old male. I live at home with my parents. I can't drive.  No job. Antisocial loner with no life skills. I am a complete failure  and total loser with absolutely nothing positive going for me. Death has  been calling my name in a very strong and powerful way these last few  months. Death seems like such a tranquil exit and seductive escape from  my tortured mind and this miserable world. I fantasize about suicide on a  daily basis and it seems like the only solution to my many problems.   
 

My bipolar depression, drug addiction and self-destructive nature have  turned me into a bitter walking corpse. Anhedonia has destroyed and burned everything into ash. Severe depression has drained all the color  from the world. I can't find a shred of joy or pleasure in anything at  all. All of existence is a nihilistic void of boring and painful  emptiness. Life has lost all of it's magic and has become nothing but  dreary and bleak drudgery. All the vitality is drained from my bones and  I feel like I have no energy left in me to fight for life. I am beyond  hopeless. I am soulless and dead inside. I am knee-deep in the mire and  the mud of the most dreadful misery and the blackest suffering. I feel  like I am drowning in sadness and sorrow. The future is black. The  future is dead. I am condemned to this grey purgatory of pain and  nothingness. This is hell on earth. I feel like a crushed insect under  the totalitarian boot of God.   
 

Yet despite all of this a small part of me doesn't want to surrender to  the grim end yet. A small part of me wants to believe that I can somehow  recover and get better. I feel like I am deluding myself with  treacherous lies by hanging onto an almost non-existent thread of hope. I  am a wretched and corrupt man full of decay. I feel like I am doomed  and beyond redemption. Does anyone else feel like they have one foot in  the coffin and are staring into oblivion but are still hesitant to take  the final step into the abyss? Does anyone else long for death every  minute of the day but have a small part of them that desperately wants  to figure out how to keep living?   
 

I am lost. I have no idea what to do. This is the hardest decision I've ever been forced to make. What would you do?