All of youBless your beautiful spirits.  All your pain and troubles,  stresses,  fears,  anxieties,  may it be helpful things in the future that can help and assist you all in many different ways.  If your crying right now,  then may it be a flowing energy of goodness that runs through you.  Even if you feel like the worst human,  you are more than what you believe yourself as.  There will always be a special quality in all of you regardless on what you decide to do.  Bless all of your brains and may your minds latch onto new things.  May change come to you on the porch and greet you with love and opening arms.  If you have a stressful day today ahead then may there be a loving force that visits you and helps you get through the day anyway possible.  If you just got out of a relationship then let it be known that you are eternally loved. All of you,  I hope the earth can love you so so much.  I hope life makes all of you feel so beautiful.  I hope all of you feel some sort of peace throughout your meaningful lives. I want you all to enjoy the pleasures of this existence.  I want life to guide you all with a sense of love and compassion.  You all need love from this earth.  A love that is unconditional and always there to love you. All of you, woman,  men,  boys,  and girls,  you will always be full of goodness in my book. You are special beyond measure and I am proud of you all.  For all the things you contributed to.  I hope the earth will show you all of its appreciation for you.  If your angry then I hope a cool feeling comes and transforms the anger into a river full of peace.  You all are one.  I appreciate you all and it will forever be an honor knowing you all on this sub reddit.  Even to you newcomers.  I thank you all.  May reality give you warmth.  May all these words spread over you all like a beautiful virus.  You all are it.  Much love to you all.  Its not about fighting,  staying strong,  hanging on a little longer,  its truly about you and what's inside your spirit that you never knew existed.  Its about the rare beauty that you all possess.  Thanks again to you all,  and all of the light in this universe I hope that it shines onto you all,  no matter what you did wrong in this life,  no matter how much people  you hurt,  or things you said,  and bad decisions you made,  may the universal light shine down and penetrate through every single negative thread of energy.  May peace be with all of you. 