Please read if you wishFirst of all I would like to say, if you are reading this, god bless you and I do not ask for your pity, but your time.

Keep in mind I suffer from ADHD, and I can barely control myself and my actions, and have severe mood swings.

For a year now I've had a huge crush on the same person and I've had strong feelings ever since, but my feelings for her only grow stronger day by day. So strong that I can barely keep myself straight. I used to be an A student before I met her and my parents weren't constantly yelling at me, but I really messed up by putting her infront of literally everything in my life. Countless and countless nights I would cry myself to sleep just thinking about her. She knew the feelings I had for her were strong, she said I loved her but she didn't have any feelings back. Personall, I think love does not exist, I don't believe in it after everything I've put on myself in the past year. She never had any feelings back, but I let everyone and especially her know how much she meant to me, but instead she chose my friends and even had relationships with them. Since then, I have attempted suicide three times, but a little part of me tells me to keep going on but, I feel like an idiot for not doing what I could've done three times. Her and I don't talk anymore because we were always constantly fighting, but even still I see her as someone amazing and a beautiful person that no one can match, even though sometimes she's made me feel like the happiest person in the world, to the most miserable person ever.

My parents are very disappointed in me, they see how much she has impacted my life and then proceed to drag me down. It hurts me so much and I care for my parents so much, even though I yell at them, but I never say I hate them. I know all they want is the best for me, but, I don't know if I can give it. I don't know if I can give it my all, I act all happy and smile but it's all fake to hide the fact that there's something wrong in my brain and that I want to just leave this planet. I hate this world, because of myself, I am a very toxic person that does not deserve to be here.

Anyways, thank you to anyone that reads this, you all are good people. God bless.