Do I have a face?Slightly graphic, but imaginary things below. Do I have a face? Nobody even looks at me when I cry (to be fair silently) sitting in the middle of a class. I'm always either terrified to death about everything or bored to death about everything.


A few weeks ago, I've started getting paranoid about... not having a face. Yeah. Really. There are just moments where I feel like my face has been cut off at an angle, and like I could touch (I'll remove this part because it's kinda sick). When I get that feeling, I put my hand below my chin and slowly inch it up towards the 'missing' part of my face - but it's been right there every time so far. You could say I'm scared of 'losing face'. Har dee har har. I'd like to ask people around me if I have a face when I have the suspicion, but it would be weird and later I realize it's unnecessary because they would scream and run if my face wasn't there anyway. But I go back to thinking that again and again and it even slipped past once or twice. They were surprisingly calm about it, and told me that I do. It was nice.


I was looking at an unreflecting window, and I could feel my face has gone missing again, so I... in retrospect this is really weird, don't judge, I ran right into it and tried to stick the flat, cut part of my face onto the surface so it would attach itself to the window, like a suction cup. I started screaming loudly and sobbing afterwards, but I stopped and calmed down because I have the habit of remembering that everyone looks like shit when they cry whenever I want to cry, letting me shed a single tear without a single line on my face and leaving it at that(it's fucking weird now that I think of it but I forget what upset me immediately after when I do that. It's good for me). I just carried on with my life after that.


I sometimes see short, random, somewhat disturbing visions including and not limited to that face, a neat stack of cleanly severed limbs (it's my aesthetic), and this worst thing that I don't want to remember (and can't right now, so let's leave it at that). I flinch a little and it concerns my colleagues, but I'm really not that much bothered.


What was I saying? Oh yeah, being afraid that my face isn't there. So I'm making a mask that lets me show emotions because then it won't matter if I have a face, anymore. Something like Wrench's from Watch Dogs 2. I'm going to wear it all the way through college. Wish me luck.


I have a bad tendency of hurting myself when I feel angry at someone instead of letting it out in a healthy way. The level of violence has been slowly declining though and now I just sit, breathe, and try and identify why I'm angry. It doesn't help me quell the anger of course, but it helps me get less impulsive.


Okay. I've gone completely off-topic from the get-go, but posting on this sub has helped me once before, years ago, and it helped this time too even though I'm definitely much worse. Knowing someone probably reads it even if they don't comment or leave a mark because they can't find suitable words right away. Thank you, whoever made this sub.


 I hope I don't worry anyone and at the same time I hope I did. I'll try to seek professional help. I don't think I can really afford it but I'm sure I'll find someone who can help if I brave actually talking about it. I need to get this long suspicion that I'm on the autism spectrum verified anyway.


P.S. Vote up if I have a face. :'D