i’m terrified that i’ll never see my best friend againi am extremely suicidal. i am barely hanging on and i have plans to kill myself rather soon. sounds good right? the problem is, i have this best friend. i love him more than anything else in the whole fucking galaxy. i really fucking adore him. he’s my favorite person in the world. whenever i talk to him it just brightens me the fuck up because he’s just fucking amazing and i love the shit out of him. next week is also finals week, last week before i have a big long break from school. i don’t plan on surviving this break. i have three more days to see him in class (we don’t see each other much outside of school, he’s very very busy). i fear i will never see him again after these last three days. that absolutely breaks my fucking heart. i have been sobbing for about an hour and a half thinking about it tonight. that’s just, not enough time. not enough time to laugh with him or see the fucking light that radiates off his entire fucking persona and, it’s not enough time to hug him, not enough time to tell him i hope he has a good day or to have a good night. not enough time to text him about the shit i’m up to and ask him how he is. not enough time to listen to his voice or look up and see his face or fucking anything. and that’s not even beginning to think about how he’ll be affected. he will be /devastated/ once he finds out what i’ve done to myself. oh my god i can’t even think about it. holy fucking shit i can’t do this to him. he’s the fucking light of my life. and i’d destroy him if i took my life away. but i know i don’t want to go on. fuck. i don’t know if i can kill myself. just thinking about how kind he is to me. oh, my love. i’m so sorry. i don’t want this to be the end, my dear. i’m going to try for you okay? i love you darling. you deserve the world and i can’t take myself away from you. i adore you. and i can’t let you miss me. 

tl;dr- i think i’m gonna kill myself but i love my best friend and don’t feel okay saying goodbye to him, i’m reconsidering, i’m in a lot a lot of pain about this whole thing. sobbing.