Running away to kill myselfHey there... 

I’m a black woman, 24 years old, and living by myself.

My head is a very tiring place. Constant worry, constant fear, constant sadness. I don’t even want to talk about my life anymore, I’ve explained it again and again over the phone to mental health professionals but here I am. I’ll just say domestic violence in my long term relationship, pretty much estranged from family, no friends, and too scared of the future. I feel like I’m too sensitive for this world, and my anxiety is so bad that I have to calm down before replying to someone’s text message, let alone face to face. I’ve tried my absolute best to overcome everything, I really have. For the past 5 years, I’ve tried cognitive behavioural therapy, mental health crisis team (NHS), A&amp;E emergency therapy and countless counselling/regular therapy sessions I have paid for myself. 

I’ve wanted to runaway seriously since the start of this year, right after a physical argument with my long term partner. The scar on my face left me wondering how worthless I was. Not to say he’s the only bad person, I have also hit him but more so in terms of self defence. We are still together but because he’s the only person I know, I can’t leave him. He’s the only person who can make me feel loved. However, I didn’t runaway because I still had university to complete for my parents. Now that I’ve finished my final exams, idk if I’ll be here to know my results but I hope I get a 2:1 to make them happy. Anyways, I’ve already bought a tent and loads of other things I need from amazon. I’m thinking of going this week. I don’t know where to go, and I will take every opportunity to put myself in danger with other people so they can i.e. rape and kill me. 

Because if can’t do it, I hope someone else can. 

Another thing I’ve forced myself to do is start doing weed, I never liked it but I’m intending to use it when I runaway so I can be so high that I walk off a cliff, walk into the motorway, cut myself deeply (since I can’t feel any pain when I’m high).. or just have a huge overdose. Last week I bought £40 worth so I hope it helps. 

I’ve been lying to my gp that everything is okay because... it is. I’ve always wanted to die, I don’t want to live in this fucked up world, there’s no good anywhere. So it’s okay, because it’s my wish. My family never wanted me to talk to them again after I got a non-muslim boyfriend... I wish I never met him cos he lied to me on the internet and took my virginity, something I wanted to give to someone who was ready for a relationship and wasn’t manipulative. I want to die because I’m not me anymore, I don’t recognise myself. Every time I’m high and extremely depressed, I think about my mother. I remember how much she cried when I left the house for the first time without my headscarf/hijab on... 9th March 2016... I would do anything to go back there. I believe I can go back there if I die. Back then I was so pretty, good self confidence, friends, some sort of family. 

I miss me. Where did I go?

I’ll either find myself whilst on this adventure, or die trying.