What would a Psychologist tell me?!  I don't know if I have a depression or anxiety or anything at all but ...

I was talking to a housemate and she said that I should go a see a psychologist. She's studying psychology and she said I'm a bit traumatized with my past (my parents used to beat me up and also psychologically abuse me).

Besides that my father was a criminal investigator/detective. Since I was little he taught me to always read people consciously, physically and mentally, watch out for minor changes in their faces and bodies and pay attention for triggers. I'm always doing that, besides that I'm always analyzing where I'm at, looking for threats and escape routes or safe places, trying to blend in and not look like an easy victim.

I like to read people and do a small mental list, expecting everything. I'm a bit antisocial but I kind of hang out with everyone in my college class, I'm pretty good at putting on a character depending on who I'm talking to, I can be a intellectual, an out-going party guy, an introvert, a cool guy, I basically put the adequate character for the person I'm talking to. My housemate also says I'm a bit manipulative and not very open, I told her basically everything that there's to know about me to her, how I read people, how I plan to act if they attack me and how I like people less than animals, and that I told her that not because I trust her but because she intrigues me (she had a bit of a ruff past and even have done self-harm) and she doesn't pose a threat.

I also can't keep a relationship or friendship very long and even thought I talk to my maternal side of family especially my mom and grandma, they don't really know me and I don't really trust them nor forget what they have done.

I practiced krav-maga, kickboxing and muay-thay and my father taught me aikido and self-defense and he usually would just attack me and tell me to defend myself.

I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was very young and had to take meds.

My mom is just a narcissist who thinks she’s always right and is better than everyone else.

I'm just sick tired of everything, I want to move far away and start from zero, met someone have a family and live. God help me please, Jesus have mercy on me.

Someone please, what should I do, i just feel like things are caving in sometimes and all gets worse because I'm all alone, because I can't connect to someone in a really deep level. 

I'm going to drop out of college, the degree that I'm taking (History) don't fit me at all, I'm thinking in joining the Police and becoming a detective or something like that, because I kind of identify with that job I think.

I think that I just don't end my life because that's a sin, God is my only true friend at the moment and his love for me keeps me alive to.

I know this text is confuse, please be kind and if possible say something.

Should I see a psychologist?

God bless you all.