Checkmate.I'm writing this mostly just for the sake of writing it down. Someone adviced me to do it here, so that people might actually read it. Nobody knows any of this. I actually don't really wan't anybody to any of this, but let's just say thank god for the anonimity of the internet. I've left some specific details ambiguous for private reasons but it doesn't impact the story in any way.

So I'll begin with saying that I hate sob stories. Absolutely hate 'em and now I hate myself for writing one. This my first attempt at Reddit, seeing as it is something I'd like to know people's thoughts on and this subreddit seems fairly active so here goes.
I'm a 20 year old male living in Europe (therefore please excuse my often incorrect English). I recently dropped out of university (or college whatever) because teaching history didn't turn out te be what I wanted to with my life after all. Throughout all my life I never truly felt happy. For a number of reasons -- my parents divorced when I was 2 years old. This wasn't really bad as I was far too young and dumb back then to get any of that shit. Things got worse when my mom got this alcoholic asshole boyfriend who used to hit her and me. This and some trouble at elementary school eventually forced me to live away from when I was 7 years old until I was about 14-15. During that period I had some better days - I had a lot of friends, people invited me to parties all the time, the girls liked me, I played in a band - it was generally just a nice time. But a lot of the time I still felt lonely. Because I'm not exactly a 'normal' person with 'normal' opinions and interests. I'm the type of guy who laughs when he watches an ISIS beheading vid. I hate children. I fucking hate the monsters. I root for the bad guys in the movies. I think lying is always justifiable. I don't support racism because I think it's right or if it has any factual basis but I do find it soooo funny. I laugh at rape jokes, I laugh at dead baby jokes, I laugh at gore. When I see child in the street get catapulted off his bike, I laugh. I think war is good and that the world needs another good one. I don't think killing is is bad as long as you got a reason that's valid to yourself and your smart enough to get away with it. My main interests are massacres and human experiments commited during WW2, thermonuclear warfare and poisonous plants. As you can see, to most people I'm not a very likeable person. Some of you might argue that a person like that deserves to feel the way the way I do; but in any case, I hope it's clear why I never could relate to anyone or anything real. I started feeling really bad: just very lonely at first, later came anxiety until I hade full blown panic attacks for no reason at all. I started cutting myself at some point and never really kicked the habit. I tried getting help for it and got a bunch of diagnoses and perscription meds but none of it really worked. I got scared of myself sometimes. And the worst thing was that I didn't have anybody to discuss these feelings with at all, because nobody understood any of it. I didn't think there was but a single person in the world like me. Somehow I resigned myself to that fate. Being unique isn't all that bad, I thought. I didn't think I'd ever have a wife or a family of my own because there wasn't anybody in the world who I'd like to spend my life with. I never really 'loved' anyone. Sure I had girlfriends, and I 'liked' them, I thought they were sweet and interesting, but I never really loved them. They were always too naive, or boring or in some other way just... disappointing. But I didn't really care about that. Some people just aren't meant for that, I thought. So I just lived like that for a time not expecting anything to come my way at all and basically just drinking my days away whenever I didn't have a job to do or something like that. Now we're getting to the really pathetic part. I met a girl. Fucking online. I fucking hate the idea of meeting people online (not on a dating site or any of that cringeworthy kind of shit, god forbid), it sounded to me like total bullshit -- to take in interest in somebody you haven't really met at all in your life. Like I was some desperate fuck. But she was all  I'd really want: she was smart, in fact the only person whom I regard to be as smart as myself, and yes I can proudly say I'm arrogant like that; she likes the same things I do. She has the same general outlook on life that I do. We've just got so many things in common. And she is absolutely 100% batshit insane. Just the way I want to be. Most of you probably think to know where this is going. That it's going to be another broken-heart sob tale, but not quiet. It's not what makes it all that bad to me. You see, when I met her, and started talking to her I gradually fell madly in love with her. I haven't seen her once with my own eyes, never even heard her voice but I knew from those very first moments that if there was ever a person who I'd like to share a life with, it'd been her. But there was a complication. She lived a half a world away. I took this rather hard, I never told her what I felt for her because I didn't see any point in it: the chances of me ever meeting her were negligible. Until she asked my about my country because she said that she's going to move here before this year is out. My heart skipped a beat. I thought this was some kind of divine miracle. I actually thought that this was a chance at finding some degree of happiness  in life. But, sadly, things that seem to be too good to be true usually are just that. Good old FB was so kind as to smash into my face the nice notification that she's engaged to some other guy. I was stupid. Why else would she cross half the world to come to this rather shitty country that I live in? I was naive. I should've known. And still it broke something inside of me. It's not that I'm that jealous a person, sure it plays a part but that's definately not all of it. It's the combination of the cruel fact that the only person I ever think I'll love is coming all over the world to what is virtually right  around the next corner for me to be with someone else. The irony that I felt when I saw it was downright lethal. I knew not whether I should cry or laugh so I did both. I never believed in 'justice'. I think it's just some made up word that gives some people some consolation now and again when they feel they've been wronged. Yet, at that moment, all I could think of was how unfair it all was. What makes it worse that I cannot bring myself to hate the other guy, because she makes him happy and I wouldn't ever do anything to hurt her. But this reaffirmation of my feelings towards on account of the fact that I can't hate him doesn't make it any easier to bear. It all just feels like a checkmate -- no matter where you want to move to, the path is blocked. And this is not some passing fancy. I've thought this true. A lot. She really is what I want in this world. The only thing. I'd happily give my entire life to have her for just one day. Hell, a minute would suffice. (none of you have any idea how disgusted I am at myself for writing this pathetic kind of shit). Almost every thought I have, is of her. When I close my eyes I see her face, even though I've never seen it IRL. I cannot bring myself to do anything anymore. I sleep most of the day by taking (too many) benzodiapine type medications. When I'm awake I drink until I can't exactly call myself conscious anymore and stumble off to bed to sleep for the next 16-18 hours. Nothing interests me anymore. I can no longer bring myself to watch a movie, every little gesture of affection just sents daggers through my heart, I don't want to play video games, I don't wan't too listen to music, I don't play the guitar anymore, I barely eat, sometimes I try to read a book but I can't concentrate. Writing this is the only sustained effort I've undertaken in the past few days. It felt like a aged 50 years in the space of a month. I really don't feel 20. I feel literally, physically weighed down by everything. Beside all this, I have some problems at home after I dropped out of school, both my parents struggle with their mental illnesses, and mine. My mom can't take it if I'm feeling bad because the poor thing will start feeling even worse herself so I really can't talk to her about it. It would devastate her. And my dad's an asshole. End of story. Besides, social services in my country have told me I won't be getting a job until I have some psychiatric issues checked out (unrelated to these). College isn't really a possibility anymore as my dad has cut all funding for my education. And on top of all that I have this agony. I actually find myself hoping there is a god so I would have someone to blame it all one. It's easy to start blaming everyone when there's no one to blame. So I've sat down and really thought about it all and come to the conclusion that I don't want it. It's not something I came up with the day before yesterday and am now writing about in the hope somebody may read this and have some wonderful piece of advice to talk me out of it. I've thought about this very carefully and deliberately. I compared every possible scenario and possibility, judging some of it on rational probability and other things on the way I felt. Regardless of how it all could be, I don't want any of it. I will not see her coming so close to me only to be with someone else. I won't bear it, I don't want to bear it. Moving away from here isn't an option for practical reasons. I've thought a lot about what it would to my family -- my mom would take it hard at first but I think she'd understand it in the end. She loves me as a son but she really doesn't like me as a person. My dad would definately get over it. Asshole's told me as much. Therefore, I want to have it over and done with before this year's out. Before she moves here. I don't want to see my 21st birthday. I feel to old already. As I said before: this is not just another broken heart bawwing tale that will probably pass in a month. I have been feeling like this for quite some time and I don't think all the stars in the sky could fill the whole she left behind. I just want to go to sleep one night, dream of her, and not have to wake up again. That's all I want. I won't live my life torturing myself, waiting for some miracle that isn't coming. I was a fool to believe that anything was ever going to come my way, except for delicious melancholic irony. The irony really is the worst of it all. So that's the long and short of it. I'd like to know is there anybody who can even remotely relate to this kind of vice I'm in? Do you think this is a valid reason to consider suicide? To desire something or somebody above all else in this world, something you'd not just kill for but die for to have for just a minute, but still can't have and never will?
And if so, do you have any advice how I could explain this to my mother?                  