22 M - Just need to rant about my problemsThis won't be structured in any way at all, just want to vent some how. 

I don't eat "healthy" or at the "right times", I some times go 8+ hours without eating, and this happens occasionally. It's probably cause I smoke weed, have for like 6 years, non stop for 4-5+, not a single t-break. I also work during the middle of the day which also fucks with my eating. I normally go to sleep pretty late at night 2-5 am usually, and then wake up anywhere from noon to 1-2. And then usually I go to work at 4-5. I know that's 3-4 hours between work so I could eat and what not and don't get me wrong I do, I just don't buy my own food. I still live with my parents and my mom buys random shit for me and Idk what I want from the grocery store that has a billion different items to chose from, and every time she goes im either sleeping or at work. I work 2 jobs and don't make shit for money at either of them. One working a kennel at an animal hospital (cleaning up after hours, and taking care of the dogs/cats that board there over night), and the other making pizzas at some local chain. I am going to quit working at the pizza place soon cause it's literally hell to work there, don't want to get into all of that, but I have to quit within a certain amount of time cause the manager is going out of town for a week and a half coming up in june and once he's gone, it's going to be hell x100. (Once again, don't want to get into work related bs). And once I quit I have to have a new job lined up ASAP or else I'm going to be losing money (not that I make that much anyway). I honestly hate how I was raised and can't help but always go back to that being one of the roots of my problems. My mom BABIED the SHIT out of me and my brother and she still does. I don't even do my own laundry or even start the god damn dish washer, fuck I rarely even load the dishes into the thing. I probably shouldn't be even saying this cause it's probably a crime, but my mom literally DID my homework for me as a kid. Not all of it obviously, but when I couldn't do it, struggled, etc.. Instead of manning up about it and just either getting the F or trying to better myself, I just let her do everything. I also found/starting smoking weed around early sophomore year too, so that clearly didn't help me at all. I wouldn't of graduated with my class if it wasn't for her (maybe I would've I'm kind of just shaken up right now), and that's fucked up. I just want to live by myself as well, and seeing as how I make 0 money I'm forced to have to live with roommates if i'm going to move out of my parents. I'm fine with living with close friends and/or my older brother, but I just want to live alone, idk what it is about that. Back to me being raised, my Dad literally did nothing. And it's weird cause when you think about a dad who did nothing for their song you'd think he's an asshole and is a drunk/druggy or something, but it's the complete opposite. He had a great job (retired now), and "provides" for the family, but as a "father", I'd say he's failed miserably. When I look at my friends fathers, they are all hanging out with each other and going hunting and their fathers taught them things, taught them work ethic, taught them things that can better their lives, but mine...? He just sat downstairs all day every day once he got home from work and just watched TV all day. Never came in our rooms to play with us, wouldn't play basketball with us, wouldn't teach us things as we got older, he just literally didn't do anything. I don't understand how you can just plan to have a kid, and then think all you need to do is put a roof over their head and feed them and you're a god damn father, like what the fuck. I just hate it. I've been told by a good friend that I should talk to him about this, but I don't think I can or even fathom how I would approach that situation. And I don't actually want to kill myself because I know there's people that care for me and I care for other people as well. But I do want to die, I'm just too pussy to do it myself. I just don't know what to do any more with my life, where to go, where to start. I feel like I don't know how to do anything a normal adult does and that scares me. I know we have technology to just look up how to do basically anything now, but it still scares me. And what if my parents die before I make a living for myself? My dad is 60+ years old and had a heart complication recently where he had to have a stint put inside him to unclog his veins in his heart cause of his cigarette usage/addiction. 

I want to live my life, but I don't know how.

I doubt any one will read all this garbage anyway.