I feel so hopeless.I feel like my parents have always and continue to spoil me without me deserving it. School has been making me feel like absolute shit. I'm studying architecture and if I don't raise my GPA by .1 (yup) by this Fall I'm going to have to wait until Fall 2019 to continue my education (this is my 3rd year in uni, 2nd out of 5 years in the program). If that happens my plan is to intern full-time so I can get plenty of hours, but I'm so scared I won't want to go back to school. I hate it. Raising my GPA by .1 seems like it'll be easy but so far in one of my classes my two (out of four) exam scores have been 60 and 42. I'm only taking 3 classes but I'm barely putting any effort into 2 of them. 

I feel absolutely exhausted all day. Caffeine makes me feel even more tired, and I really can't function if I don't take a nap at some point (I drive home at either 1pm or 6-7pm and I'm always falling asleep on the way). I barely have the energy to keep up with school, much less do any hobbies. I'm in a LDR (my boyfriend lives 7 hours away) and I only get to see him once or twice a month. My relationship with him is very important to me, and I often get sad that I can't hug him or physically be with him. I have a few friends, but in general I avoid physical contact with people as much as possible. I love my parents, but I just feel very uncomfortable having physical contact with anyone apart from my boyfriend.
I've been on medication for depression/anxiety for the past year, and while I've improved a lot, it kinda went from me feeling sad a lot to just feeling...nothing. I've become so much more apathetic. It's really hard for me to see any color in this world. I keep going because the logical side of my brain tells me that this isn't permanent, but I rarely feel any happiness in my daily life.

I feel like this is really taking a toll on my relationship with my boyfriend. He is a very optimistic, positive person and I feel so horribly guilty for bringing him down with my negativity. I feel like he deserves so much better than me. The only two things stopping me from killing myself sometimes are 1. Fear of what comes after and 2. My parents. I know everyone else will move on (and they deserve it, especially my boyfriend) but my parents won't. I'm their only child, the apple of their eye, they would NEVER get over my death. They would blame themselves forever, and I love them so much that I don't ever want to put them through that. I pretend that I'm fine so they don't worry, but fuck it's getting so hard. I've stopped going to therapy because I feel like it's just a waste of their money. I failed a couple of classes a few semesters ago causing me to lose my scholarships, and while my uni isn't expensive, I feel so shitty having them pay that. The worst part is that they just continue to throw money at me despite the fact that I'm barely putting any effort into school or into anything in general. Just this weekend I went to Universal and got kicked out within 20 minutes of being there, so $200 went to total waste. FUck I feel so fucking guilty.

I don't know what to do. I feel like I'm not going to get anywhere in life. I'm barely putting effort into anything (I seriously spend most of my time either sleeping or fantasizing about sleeping) and I feel like it's only a matter of time before my boyfriend leaves me. My anxiety causes me to make stupid assumptions makes me guilt-trip him and be passive aggressive and it just really puts a strain on my relationship. I hate it. I hate myself so much. I want to take a bunch of klonopin, zoloft, alcohol, sleeping pills, whatever the hell I can find and just die, but I couldn't put my parents through that. If you read all of this, sorry for the lack of organization. I just have a lot of thoughts and I seriously just feel so lost.

TLDR; School is stressing me the fuck out and I feel guilty as hell for letting my anxiety put such strain on my relationships. I have no idea what to do from here.