I can hardly sleep with my thoughtsIt's been hard to sleep recently at night because I can't stop thinking. I would like to explain some things first I'm 15, and I lived in Mexico for the past 5 years my parents are missionaries but I myself don't know what I believe in and it stresses me out witch is also one thing holding me back from ending it. It was quite an experience and I had really good bonds with friends I made there. During the summer of 2019 I moved back to the us. At first it was fine I was having a good time and everything. ( also I've had history with depression and cut myself but never told anyone) when school started I had an identity crisis, I don't know who I am anymore and I knew my purpose in Mexico but then I began to question my purpose and meaning. On top of that some wierd thing starts happening were whenever I have to make a hard decision or I'm under stress especially socially my skin starts to sting for about 30 seconds and the doctors can't figure it out and they still can't well they probably could but it's been a month since a blood test and they still haven't got the results yet. I tell my parents I'm sad but not the extent of it so they push it off. I don't want to hate anyone but I was really mad at the people in my classes because of the way they act and how they think life is. It's been very hard for me to make friends here and really I haven't much. Then the school it self is so degrading my self esteem has been ripped apart so much I've been searched for drugs three times and once ive had to get questioned at the principals office once cause some asshole smoked weed on the bus. And on the bus I want to make friends but its so hard for me to cause they already have there own friends. I feel like an outsider to everyone all the time i see the corruption in society and the loss of innocence in kids, I feel depressed because of the loss of innocence and I can't stop thinking about how sad it is when kids lose it. I love books and they make me feel I have some sort of purpose but it seems so many teens hate them. Later my wierd stinging thing gets worse, and now little bumps appear after an episode and again doctors are clueless. After this is became so numb to my emotions and since that happened I've gone from being numb to feeling to much in an instant. Many more things have happened and I could drone on and on about the things witch have happened but I don't think it matters. Now for the past weeks I've been having insomnia not because I'm on my phone like parents and teachers claim but instead I can't help but relive my past in Mexico or thing about how much I hate myself or I just feel hopeless. I know I can't go to therapy because if I tell the therapist everything then  he will tell my dad and I don't want him to know. My thoughts keep me up and sometimes my thoughts float to my hunting knife. Today I sat with my knife in my hands and put it to my wrist but I chickened out. I know if I did it my mom would be shattered her whole christianity and religion and all would break apart and she might even attempt suicide if I do and I couldn't do that to her. And   I don't want my dad even though I don't know if I believe it I can't bear the thought of my dad believing his son is in hell and what that will do to him. I felt I needed to write about all the things witch happened though I didn't get to it all. I honestly feel better after writing this out. Any replies would be very appreciated and I'm going to try to sleep so I can go to this idiotic school in the morning so If i don't reply don't worry I'm not gone yet. My biggest concern is I'll be right make were i started tomorrow night.