No reason to liveI'm turning 24 this week and I think that I've lived long enough. I have been depressed for as long as I can remember and have simply run out of options and can't handle life anymore.

The first time I got help for my depression was after my first suicide attempt around age 11, my second attempt was around age 16, and I've thought about it frequently since then. I started therapy and medication when I was 11 and have been in-and-out of therapy as well as on-and-off of different medications ever since. After years of therapy and having exhausted almost all options as far as medication is concerned, I have accepted that I'm probably not going to recover.

I won't say that I've had a terrible life, it's had its ups and downs, and I know that many have it much worse, which people never fail to remind me. I know that I have a decent life, a loving mom, dad, and brother, and a couple of good friends, but none of that keeps the deep depression, negative thoughts, self-hate, and constant thoughts of suicide out of my head. Medication hasn't helped, therapy hasn't helped, talking to friends about it doesn't help anymore, and spending time with people only keeps my mind off of it until I'm alone again. My parents divorced when I was young, and I was bullied all through elementary, middle, and high school, and have never had much confidence in myself. I've had relationships with a few girls that I loved and made me feel genuinely happy, but as soon as each relationship ended, I became deeply depressed and suicidal again; I guess it never really went away. My last girlfriend emotionally abused/manipulated me for 4 years before entering what was almost a year-long relationship. The same person kept insisting that we were going to get married, then cheated on me and ended it 1 week before our 1-year anniversary. I haven't had a single day without planning my own death in the 8-months since then... No, this isn't the reason why I want to end it, but I would be lying if I said it wasn't a major factor.

I have chronic pain due to a couple of persistent injuries, I'm mentally and emotionally unable to handle everyday life due to my depression and anxiety, I have six figures of student loan debt, and don't think I'll ever be able to pay it back, therapy and medications have become a huge financial burden on myself and my family, and I have nothing that brings any form of joy to my life. I used to love exercising, but can't anymore due to my injuries, and I'm unable find enjoyment in anything else that I used to like. I've done everything I can to help myself; sought professional help, have been going to therapy, I'm on medication, I've called the suicide hotline multiple times, and I even got a BS in Psychology and am currently working on my MSW with Clinical concentration, but none of this has helped me.
I can honestly say that the only reason I haven't killed myself yet is because I don't want to hurt my family/friends, but how fair is it to keep living in pain just to make others happy? Not a single person that I'm close to would be shocked if I killed myself. They keep making me promise that I won't do it, but I can't promise them that, because deep down I don't believe that I'm going to get better, and I don't want to live like this anymore. I used to be such a warm and caring person, but I've gotten cold, bitter, and angry, and I can't stand to see others' happiness anymore. I've become so depressed that I don't even cry at the thought of my own death anymore, I'm actually quite accepting and okay with it, but I cry at the thought of going on living like this. Even though there are a lot of things that I'm unsure of with all of this, what I do know is that if/when I do it again, it's not going to be another failed attempt of an over-emotional teenager.

To anyone who reads this, I'm sorry, I could have gone into more detail, but at some points I felt like I was just rambling. I don't completely know why I'm posting this, but I think I'm still looking for something to live for, and even thought I don't think I'm going to get better, part of me is still looking for something to hang on to.