I think I'm talking to my killer, and I'm scaredI shouldn't be if this is what I want right? I don't know, I mean I can't jump off a ledge or anything because I'm scared of that too. I guess I'm writing here because my closest friend, also suicidal, has gone super quiet lately. It's weird how we both talk about dying but go activist on each other when the other talks about dying.

I read this article about how a woman hired her own killer, and I put up an ad on Craigslist. Which sounds hilarious but my rationale was that it worked for her. I got a bunch of how are you, what does this mean responses, one dude told me he'd fuck me to death and I don't want to know if he's being literal. One worked and they're planning it with me right now, and I'm really scared.

I decided I wanted to die when I was around ten, or rather I felt like I had to, like it was some weird public service. I got bullied a lot, no friends, and when I got out of school it took me so long to understand basic things like people might want to just talk to me for the sake of talking to me, without ulterior motives or plans that I pushed away everyone who tried. I was super depressed and paranoid of people. I meant to die when I was 15, but I didn't.

It'll seem dumb but the idea that I had the ability to kill myself and no one would know was what made me realize I could also get up and leave and no one would know. Knowing I had the abily to not die and I could if I wanted to. I went on walks and talked to people and they didn't flinch away from me, I went on walks and no one shouted.

I got progressively better but then the next year my mum died. She'd gone to another country for six months during which time the cancer grew and killed her. I kept thinking that if I'd died when I'd meant to, she wouldn't have left and she would have been treated. The funeral was horrible, my sister telling me people would gossip if I didn't cry enough. Then she forced me to stare at her dead corpse which I found dearly ironic because no one had called me before she died, and I'd been the last one there, as if I'd been an after thought.

Before she moved out she suggested we all move into her house, because according to her words I wouldn't be able to take care of my father or cook or clean for him, and I was outraged then but she wasn't wrong. The way I see it, when I die they'll move in together and everything will work out.

I can't stand her, she makes it all so much worse. My dad is visiting home and he's terrified ill develop mental issues if I stay home alone for a month, so he's putting me with her. Ironically the sound of her voice makes me suicidal. The last time we stayed with her, she told me I was manipulating my father into not living with her so that I could inherit the new property (this was in response to me saying I didn't want to sit outside with her) and then that I needed to realize I didn't know everything and should listen to other people (this because I didn't take the bus route she suggested to one of my meetings) when I confront her about her shittiness she either says she doesn't remember or that I made it up, and tells me not having friends makes people crazy.

So I know I have to die before then. It'll solve a lot of things, and honestly I can't see myself going anywhere anyway. I can't see beyond my race and gender. I see myself as Asian and think people are disgusted and grossed out by me, I see myself as male and think they see me as a creep or rapist. I don't exactly look normal either. So it's all judt festering in there. Even if I was some generic attractive person I think the idea would drive my paranoia wild.

I didn't care about being alone until lately when I got over my more intense paranoia that doesn't let me be around people in public. I'm so starved for attention sitting next to people on the bus makes me feel weirdly warm mixed with sad cringe. Okay I'm done. 