Panic attack *ik it’s super long but plz read*I had a really bad panic attack last night, I have a pretty bad memory and even worse storytelling skills. I’m pretty sure it had something to do with school, I’m really behind in all my classes cuz I just give up, I can’t do it anymore, I don’t want to try anymore. 

So what I remember from last night: it started in the kitchen, my dad was on the phone with one of my teachers and tried to make me talk on the phone, I freaked out (terrified of talking on the phone/confrontation/ getting in trouble) ran to my room to cry in peace. 
It was embarrassing because my dad was telling my teacher everything that was going on with me, I mean I guess they need to understand what’s going on with me but I feel like he could’ve like asked or something but he just shares my personal things with whoever he wants. 
Anyways, my dad was trying to talk to me from outside my door but I was too far gone into my panic. I was laying on the floor, hyperventilating, scream crying and scratching up my face and hair. Then my parents bust into my locked room and are like just watching me have a meltdown on the floor, saying things like “you’re 18, stop acting like this” “look at yourself” “look at the way you’re acting” “how could you treat us this way after everything we’ve done for you”. 
So I’m just screaming “get out” on repeat, they don’t, they get more mad at me and my mom came up and screamed in my face “SHUT THE FUCK UP” I literally screamed out of fear and curl into a ball and kept screaming at them to get out. That replayed in my mind all night and I’m still thinking about it now. I don’t like swearing, it’s so aggressive and it really scares me sometimes. 
They left, my dad said something bad about me in the kitchen or something cuz then my parents started arguing and my mom slept on the couch. My older sister came in my room and I was still screaming get out, she tried to rub my back and make me feel better but I freaked out even more, I hugged myself against the dresser I was laying next to so tightly and started screaming “don’t touch me”(I have a problem with being touched in my everyday life idk why). 
Um yeah, after that everyone went to bed and I just cried on the floor. Eventually my brain was so overworked or something that I forgot what I was crying about, I fell asleep on the floor. I woke up idk how much later and it was 1am, I had a pounding headache, my whole body still felt numb/tingly, and I was feeling super nauseous. Ran to the bathroom cuz i had stuff shooting out of both ends. I have small panic attacks kinda regularly but I can usually handle them quietly on my own, I’ve never had a panic attack like that. 
I usually feel a little out of it but that whole time I was having my panic attack and after I woke up, I felt like I was going crazy or something, nothings real and nothing matters. 

I can hardly eat or sleep, I don’t know what else I can take. I either want to kill myself (yes, I’m on medication for depression and anxiety but nothing seems to be working) or I want to drop out, focus on my mental health, get a job, and work towards getting my ged. My parents say neither of those are options, that there’s no excuse for not passing. 

They always say that they understand and stuff but they DONT!! They think that if I just put my mind to it that I can “overcome” as my dad likes to say. My mind is fried, clearly nothing is working correctly up there. 

I know this is super long and probably doesn’t make a lot of sense but I really hope someone has advice or something, literally anything. I’m so lost.