Friend and I both on the brinkI've been depressed and on / off suicidal over 20 years. Currently in my mid 30s. I lost a really good job last year and never really recovered. My love life is in shambles. And it seems like I've come to regret a lot of the decisions I've made in my life. I don't necessarily want to die... but I'm tired. Tired of being stuck in the same cycle. My life never goes anywhere. I'm long past hope. It's just a futile effort at this point. Earlier this year, I finally decided on how to end my life: a sleeping pill cocktail. And since then the thought has stayed with me. I finally had a way out.

A few weeks ago, I was closer than I've ever been before.  My best friend also suffers from depression and is also suicidal. We both look after &amp; support each other, but it can be tough sometimes. We both made a pact not to kill ourselves. If we think of it, we would at least know we we're keeping the other alive by hanging on. It seemed like a good fix. And for me it helped.

Recently, my friend ended up in a bad situation. Several friends turned their back on her &amp; I am only one of a few friends she has left. She confided in me late last night that she now plans to kill herself. And I'm very afraid. I shared some private information with her that I thought she was ready for, but it pushed her over the edge. She seems determined to kill herself &amp;, while she doesn't blame me, I do blame myself. I pushed her over the edge. She's not responding to my attempts to reach her right now, but I know she is seeing them, so she is still alive. She never threatens this, so I know it is a serious threat.

Late last night, I finally bought the pills. I have them sitting next to a bottle of Crown. If she kills herself, I will join her. She means the world to me. I don't want to have to live without her. Like I said, my life is shitty anyway, so no real loss on my end. She has a family &amp; a job where she matters. She has people that depend on her. I have neither. My only value is keeping her alive and now she's threatening to break the pact. I know I won't make it if she kills herself.

I want to save her. I'm really scared. I would gladly trade my life for hers if I could, but I don't want her to die.