I’m not sure how much longer I can last.I just... I don’t know what to do anymore. There’s no benefit to just sticking around because I don’t believe things are going to get any better for me.

I’m 21 and I have no job because the shitty retirement town I live in isn’t exactly “disability friendly” when it comes to hiring people. I’m on AISH (Assisted Income for the Severely Handicapped) so I’m not completely income-less, but everything always goes to rent, groceries, and bills because my husband only makes minimum wage and can’t afford everything on his own. Rent on its own is horribly expensive and because of how much it costs every month, my husband and I are never going to save up enough to afford our own house. Neither of us have any savings. I’m going to be stuck in this shitty apartment for the rest of my life.

I’m partially deaf and I’ve had hearing aids my entire life. It pains me because my hearing can never be restored to full functionality, and I’m stuck like this until I die. My hearing is never going to get better so it’s only ever going to get worse as I age. I constantly have to ask people to repeat themselves and the annoyance of that has costed me friendships in the past. I’ve never once had a conversation with anybody without struggling to hear what they say and I’m constantly angry at myself for it. I can’t even do phone calls because of the constant interference with my hearing aids and the fact that I can’t hear anything the other person is saying.

I also have autism (Asperger’s Syndrome). High-functioning, but I’m dumb enough to be the person who doesn’t get the joke until 10 minutes after everyone else has finished laughing. I often struggle to tell the difference between sarcasm and sincerity - much more so than non-autistic people. I also can’t handle conflict or arguments, so I always break down crying whenever somebody gets angry at me. If I get too overly emotional, my autism takes over and I display behavioural actions similar to that of a toddler.

I don’t have the motivation to exercise or eat healthy. I never have. I just physically can’t bring myself to change how I eat. The acne on my my face still hasn’t gone away. I’ve been the same height since I was 16 so I always look like a teenager and I hate it. I’m never going to grow any taller. I hate how my body looks and I’m never going to be thin enough or attractive enough. I’m just a chubby waste of space who sits on the couch all day because I have no job.

I used to call myself an artist. When I was growing up, adults would always call me a “drawing machine”. But now as I look at my art, I realize how shitty I am. I can’t even call myself an artist anymore. My art is never going to be good enough to make a profit off of it. I’ll never have somebody commission me because nobody will want something that looks like it was drawn by a child. No amount of practice will change that. I’ve been drawing my entire life and I don’t see any improvement. I’m never going to be on the same level as actual artists out here on the internet. I see fantastic art on Twitter all the time and it causes me to cry because I know I’ll never be that good. I had someone request me a drawing on DeviantART back when I was in high school... four years ago— and I still haven’t done it. I agonized over the fact that nothing I can draw will be good enough for anybody. I chickened out of that request because I knew the end result wouldn’t be worthy enough.

I get uncomfortable when my husband compliments me. I get uncomfortable when he demonstrates affection of any kind. I don’t understand why he chooses to stay with me and I don’t understand why he loves me. He can do so much better than me.

I graduated high school three years ago and I’m constantly haunted by the memories of my high school bullies. All of them still live in the city and I’m always terrified I’m going to run into one of them in public. I can’t just forget about them and I can’t just leave it all in the past. Everything they’ve done and said to me has stuck with me and I can’t get them out of my head. I tried to kill myself once when I was 17, but they made fun of me for it and constantly made jokes about it. I couldn’t seek help because my high school was full of religious bible-bashers who said I would “go to hell” for trying to end my life. I’m not even religious but it still hurts that everybody I turned to back then would just push me away without a second thought.

My periods are irregular because of my birth control. I’m almost constantly bleeding and because of that, my husband and I *barely* have a sex life. I don’t even understand why he would want to have sex with somebody like me anyway. I’m not wife material, I’m not attractive.

I don’t know how much longer I can deal with any of this. I don’t know how much longer I can deal with myself. I constantly have suicidal thoughts but I can’t talk to anybody about them. I can’t talk to my husband about them because he gets angry at me whenever I show any signs of sadness or depression. He hates it when I get depressed and I can’t open up to him because of it. I’ve tried to in the past but I’m just sick of having the same conversation that does nothing and leads to nowhere.

I don’t feel like I have any meaning or purpose. I don’t believe there’s anybody that genuinely wants me to stick around. People just tell me not to kill myself because they want to feel good about themselves and have the brownie points of trying to talk somebody out of suicide. Nobody genuinely tells me not to kill myself because they enjoy my company or friendship and want me around. I’m annoying and I drag people down with me. Nobody wants that.