Pushed to the edge and trying to find hopeI haven’t made a post like this before, but have reached out in the past with career guidance and the such. Right now, I’m not doing well and I’m in a really low place and am trying to find some outlet that won’t scare and worry my friends and family.

I’ve hit a breaking point and new rock bottom in the last 7 years of depression and anxiety (now knowing it as bipolar disorder with a recent diagnosis) one month ago. My post isn’t a full as synopsis of everything and can never really be in a short post and may jump around.

My now ex girlfriend and I had dated exactly one year when she told me she emotionally cheated on me for three months with one of her coworkers and made out with him when they got drunk one night. Now, Some of my best friends got married  this week where my ex was the maid of honor. I had a conversation with my ex before the wedding letting her know I wanted to be friends still and to get anything that might set either of us off out of the way for our friends to have their day.  (many advise no on the friends with the ex, especially in this situation, but I still care about her as a person and know she is a good person that has fucked up). I miss my relationship more than I miss her as a romantic partner, and just want my friendship that I have/had with her to remain. I don’t have many friends left around me. 

The night before their wedding, I got a text from my sister saying my dad had gone to the hospital and didn’t say much more than that. My sisters and my parents are the only blood family I have that cares anything for me, and my parents had stopped talking to me since my recent diagnosis of Bi-Polar disorder. (They don’t understand it, and Don’t believe I am and think I’m chasing something that doesn’t exists) . The next morning I tried to prop myself up for my friends wedding, being happy for them and trying to forget my problems to be able to. But I wasn’t able to.

I feel so guilty and ashamed of myself, but After drinking a little much I pushed my ex too far asking if she still wanted to be friends and if she was ok at the celebration after their wedding. (Beating the dead horse as we both promised not to do) And told her I don’t think being friends will ever work. I knew I fucked up immediately and left the wedding and drove home. I abandoned and ran away from all the family I had at their wedding. (My friends and fraternity brothers). 

All this is too much for me right now; with the added fact I’ve changed myself for other people to please and keep them around like my ex and family. I also followed my ex to an area and got a job that I don’t find meaningful or fulfilling. And the fact I lost all sense of accomplishment and fulfillment in activities I used to love. I lead myself down a self destructive trail in the pursuit of what I thought would make me whole. I know now that it’s a problem I need to work on.

I’ve sent an apology to my ex and my friends today to try to mend things a little. I don’t know how they feel, but I can imagine it hurts, is frustrating and an annoyance they didn’t need. 

I promised everyone around me I would never kill myself, That it would magnify the pain I’m feeling and put it on to them. I’m just so unstable right now even on medication, therapy, and exercise. I know I can reach out to my friends for support and don’t want to burden them. I’m just so afraid, and lonely right now. I don’t want to die, but death is looking more and more favorable. I just want the unnecessary guilt and pain to go away. 

To anyone that reads this, thank you.