getting some things off my chest, againfucking hell i'm tired. mentally. exhausted.   


there's suicidal thoughts 24/7.   
thoughts and feelings every day that i'm a failure, worthless and life is meaningless.   
tired of no one understanding.   
i've had this for many years.   


long story short:  
last april i was admitted to the psych ward after i called 112 (911) and said i wanted to jump off a bridge. i was in there in and out between april-october. during these time inside there i tried to strangle myself many times and also hurt myself in different ways. because of this they don't see me being in there is to my benefit.   


i started to have contact with a nurse (which i still have) and now i have 2 visit every week (tuesday and thursdays) from the community.   


not on any medication either. they stopped with it. (i'm guessing because i tried to overdose on it last summer while i had it at home.)   
one doctor put a diagnose on me, which i don't know how to translate to english and another doctor put Borderline. (we're waiting for a therapist to visit, talk with me and do a new investigation. no idea when that'll happen.)  


anyhow,  
last thursday i tried to end it. didn't get to through with it. police and ambulance broke through the door and i kinda half-not really fainted. (after this attempt i started to plan right ahead when i was on the way or when i was home. i started to feel worse after this.)  


during this week on tuesday, i tried again. well, i was on my way to do it and fire department, police and ambulance broke through the door. i had no idea they would be on their way. i had talked with someone i know and afterwards they got worried and had apparently called 112 (911) which i didn't know.   
i hear banging or what to call it and i'm standing on this 2-step ladder on the table (you can probably guess what i'm about to do). hear someone say "no!". i don't really recall, but i think i just did it when they just got in. last thing i remember was that someone held me and after i woke up. very confused and very shakey. so i had fainted, for real. i remember having some dream. there was a mark and my eyes still have some popped bloody eyestain in them.   


the ambulance drives to the psych hospital and i get to talk with a doctor. she comes back and says they think it's a good idea to keep me over the night and talk with a doctor on the ward and then see what will happen. next morning i get to talk with this doctor. he asks if i did this for attention or to get some more off it. it made me irritated and i said to him that we can keep that away because it wasn't about that. we talk for some minutes and right after he send me home. says "hopefully you won't try to hang yourself." no medications or anything like that. just the ususal. wait for the visit from the community and the nurse will call me on friday (tomorrow.)  


the doctor i met in the ward had written in the notes online. it said i had put out on social media that i'll take my life, which i didn't. i had a call with someone i know through the phone. (i did try not to say too much. i just felt like talking for a while.) it also said that i had said that i'm feeling better now, which i also never said. it said that what i'm doing is parasuicidal acts. (is when you try do something but you don't end up dead or it's not to die.) and that i'm in the "normal" state that i'm usually is, so no changes or differences. and that there's no emergency with me either, the level is apparently low.   


what is weird and annoying is that they write stuff that's not true or what i said at all. i can't do much about it but to ignore it and hope it won't affect the future further on.   


there was a doctor a while ago this year that had wrote in the notes that i "enjoy the attention" from people, like police/ambulance etc. which wasn't true at all and i had no idea why he would write that.   
so first of all you're suicidal and want to die 24/7 but then you enjoy it also? hmm, sure thing.   


it feels like in that way.. just because it's been a long-term with me and nothing changes.. it's.. nonchalant? and now they seem start to believe i just do it for attention or want it. when in fact i want to disappear and never wake up again.   


i don't feel this way for fun or for attention. i'm in a weird, mentally pain every minute of life and i don't know why. every minute i think of suicide. every minute i wish i wasn't awake.   
i wish i hadn't woken up during this tuesday, but i did. it's tiresome they don't understand.  


it's tiresome they don't understand that their methods doesn't work.   
that nothing works. nothing distracts. nothing helps.   
i'm still thinking of a way to do it right now and has been since i was in the psych ward this week.   


i don't wanna call anyone either or use those chatrooms for suicidal people. it makes time go but doesn't help. talking with nurse doesn't help. getting the visits doesn't help.   
writing this doesn't help but needed to get it off my chest.   


i feel stuck and literally hopeless. i'm at an dead and. i can't bare it anymore.  
wonder what the nurse will say tomorrow. she'll probably think too that i've done this for attention.  


just what the fuck.