Too damaged to be loved..I’m a very like able person. I have many friends, and I easily make new friends. 
I work well with others, and I’m very hard working. I hold my
Work to a high standard, and easily criticize myself when I mess up.

In the last four years, I’ve changed a lot. I’ve climbed a ladder I thought never existed.

However, there is one thing I’ve been trying to acquire and have failed many times to acquire.

Love. Embrace. Connection. Depth. With another person. Once I get close, I either scare the other one or push them away.

I’ve never experienced a significant other. It seems like I’m always giving away my energy and never receiving it.

Since 10 years old I’ve been depressed. Suicidal thoughts were not evident until after I was hospitalized at 16. 

I would maybe have an episode every 2 years since then. I’m now at the point where I have suicidal thoughts every day.

I’ve turned to hardcore drugs over the last year. Acid, Molly, cocaine... whatever makes me feel happy for the short time I’m distracted from my suicidal thoughts.

But it’s no longer distracting me. I have an awesome support system of friends, yet I think they feel helpless.

They know I’m depressed... lost... stuck .. they don’t really know I think of actually killing myself daily..

I’m at the point where I may need to start writing goodbye notes to those close to me.. 

I tried getting a therapist again, but I’m on a waiting list even though I told them my history and my recent suicidal thought behavior.

I just want to feel the pain. I’ve never actually tried to kill myself, just thoughts, but I want to inflict some pain on myself..

On my recent drug trip, I had a revelation that ... well I was molested as a child. I’ve always known this.. I even revealed this to my therapist when I was 10, but said it so non-chalantly that it spooked my therapist... I didn’t see much of her after that... I think she was scared at how aware I was of it.. or maybe that’s just me projecting..

Realizing at such a young age the burdens I had to carry with me my whole life... It’s a weight no child should ever have to carry... but this was my burden, and I couldn’t forget it..


I just want the pain to end... honestly I’m a hopeless romantic looking for the one who won’t run when I tell them how damaged I am because they know deep down how good of a human being I can really truly be.. but I don’t think this will ever come to fruition..

Ive scared too many people away from me.. continuing to push them away...

When will I ever feel whole? When will I ever find love? Never? If that’s the answer, then I’m okay with that... but I just need an answer soon because I want to know if I should keep fighting for someone to love me , or just end it all...

Is it worth waiting in misery and pain for a dream? A fantasy? Something that is over zealous and never going to come to fruition...

