Hey all, read and respond at your own designDont know exactly how to start, so a little background.
20 yrs old, college male, at a decent school (top 50 USA), studying abroad currently in Europe.

Have seen some fucked up shit in my life. Grew up in an emotionally abusive household. Both parents alcoholic but still upper class family so you think everything is ok; ive grown up to realize that i really dont know how to socialize with people at all. My younger brother is even more screwed up than i am bless his soul.

Ive never had problems making acquaintances as i am rather outgoing but friends stay for only so long; the monster in me tends to come out a few months down the road for whatever reason. I seem to have alienated all my crew of 'friends' ive made abroad, culminating in a blackout moment of epic proportions last Saturday that was the last straw or so ive been told. I know they dont want me around, i could push my luck and just go with it and be with them but if i know im not wanted around then whats the point? I leave in two months anyways. 

Suicide ideation has always been an odd spot for me; ive thought about it at times since probably middle school, every so often in a rough spot like now. Never give it much thought though, its mostly been fantasy.

This time is different, i wouldnt have made a throwaway and posted here if not. Ive made a lot of dumb mistakes (many through drinking, though i love it and am in college and not ready to give up friday/saturday party nights just yet.) But this one seems to hit home for whatever reason, and i dont know WHY i shouldnt just up and go. As lame as it may sound, the only reason i dont want to off myself is because it would hurt my mother (whom i deeply love and has been sober herself for 3 years now) and my (ex)-gf back home who has shown me nothing but compassion yet i dumped to be single in europe more than anyone, even myself. They dont deserve that.

I dont know what to expect with regards to responses to this, but it feels ok to type it out. Anyone wishing to respond in any matter is welcome. 

This should be an open forum.

tl;dr Kid with not such a bad life contemplating stopping it because little social options coupled with an empty feeling with the human spirit as a whole