death is all I think abouttoday I thought about jumping in front of a car, slitting my wrists, jumping off one of my school buildings that's tall enough. I think of new ways to die every day. My GPA went to shit last fall during a major depressive episode and I added an extra year of university because of it. I am forced to work minimum wage jobs and I can't really pursue my short term dreams because I'm too busy. I don't feel like I fit in anywhere because I'm just too aware. Only a few people care about me and I figure the earlier I die the better so I don't hurt anyone else. Today I missed two big assignments because I'm an idiot and didn't check past the five I completed on time. I am sick of believing I can be something and achieve goals when I'm nothing and do not matter. I simply can not fathom a world where I do anything but continue to abhor life itself. Grad school seems impossible. Working in any of the industries I want to work is impossible. I was told all my life I'm gonna be someone because I have talent, or good personality or I'm a good person. but all I want to do is sleep. I'm not good enough to continue living. my life is but a small drop in the collective concious. work might miss me bc they will need to fulfill a position. school wouldn't care and I'd probably get a news article and a memorial from people that never cared about me but I them. my family would be hurt but would be motivated to do better I hope. they never believed in therapy or medication so thanks I guess. my few friends would miss me but I hope they would continue to do their art and do good for me. I just don't agree with this world. how we fight to make money and how you need money for everything. how GPA is really all that matters if you wanna move forward. how chemistry and bio are worth more than happiness. how nothing matters when you want to die. even when I fight like all the great anime heros to stay alive. I just feel like I can't win. I'm embarrassing. Untalented. not a good person. a worse creature. defective in the mind to the point where I'd rather be dead then try to live before I've experienced any real life at all.