Am I this horrible person? I want to die.&amp;#x200B;

I have Asperger's Syndrome, and have been prone to OCD stresses throughout life, though I've never been formally diagnosed. Things have been very stressful for me over the last year and a half; an old friend committed suicide, and I found out that an ex teacher is a pedophile. In addition, I was objectified by three different people and a subsequent online relationship fell apart, and it was all too much. I have Asperger's syndrome, and I've always exhibited obsessive compulsions when feeling stressed, such as opening/closing doors a certain number of times, or insisting to myself that I walk while thinking 'good thoughts'.

Eventually, my disgust with the treatment of women and a shame that I was complicit in it, as well as horror towards what my teacher did to others, made me scared of being around children/babies. I’d actively avoid them in supermarkets, and obsessively started putting my hands to my shoulders when out in public and at home, avoid eye-contact with them or photos of them and just not want to be near them, because it reminded me of the worst parts of humanity. The false memories originated here, where, my brain would lie to me and say I’d touched myself inappropriately at this place or at this time, and it would sometimes take hours/days to reassure myself everything was fine and here’s where I was stood and here’s where my hands were, etc.

This has led me to perpetually isolate myself even more, and not want anything to do with the outside world. At some point on I think a Monday or Tuesday evening in the second week of September 2019 after moving in, I basically watched pornography for like 2-4 hours intermittently when my depression was as its height. I would go from grinding against the bed to then sitting up and watching interviews and random videos on YouTube, and one of the videos was a video of Kurt Cobain and his 2 year old daughter and the way my brain has misremembered that is that I somehow pleasured myself to this, which I didn’t.

I remember watching another video of porn afterwards and only then did I kneel down to grind again, but with the video loaded. Afterwards, I remember going to the homepage and watching a video slideshow of his daughter through the years and feeling so much guilt for watching porn, more so than ever and the way my brain sabotaged me was to overlap what would otherwise be two separate actions of YouTube then porn. I remember going to the sink afterwards and gipping, processing it through in my head immediately afterwards and feeling comfortable enough that I hadn’t done anything wrong and so I left it.

This didn’t reappear again till May 2020, then again this week on Tuesday night, and so I wonder if I did do it, and I just repressed it, or I didn’t and actually it’s just a false memory. Now, the worry reappeared at the end of Tuesday when my brain didn’t have anything else to worry about. I know that in my heart I didn’t do anything wrong, as I listened to Nirvana plenty of times afterwards, and didn’t feel pangs of guilt or shame that I know I would’ve if I’d done what my brain tells me I did (or anything wrong, at all). The false narrative that my brain builds up is, ‘well, you’re a psychopath/sociopath/pedophile, and that’s how you were able to suppress the memory for 8 months’.

I know I didn't do anything wrong, it was just that I watched porn and switched to YouTube back and forth, which I never do before, as I usually go for a shower after watching it. I feel a tightness in my throat and stomach, but then it goes when I rationalise it, but then it comes back. 

My brother says that he knows I would never do anything like that, and it's just that all those things have collapsed on me.

What do you think?