I cant sleep anymoreA month ago my mom passed away in my arms, It was very sudden. She wouldnt wake up but was still breathing, She even moved her arms. she was flat on her back the whole night and she always had trouble breathing laying her back (she had a tube in her chest for kidney dialysis). We propped her head back and thats when she started choking, She opened her eyes and was grabbing at our arms. She stopped breathing after awhile, I did cpr for 20 minutes while waiting for the ambulance. While they worked on her I seen a message for help from her..She had low blood sugar and slipped into a coma. Normally i would have been awake to see her message but i had taken a new med for my mood two days prior. she messaged me at 6 am and my siblings who came to visit found her at 12pm.while she was still alive the last thought I had before falling asleep was me being worried for her and dismissing the thought and thinking to myself that itd be fine and i should start living for myself. the kids woke me up crying. I cant sleep through all the screaming and crying and the numbers of the pulses while doing cpr. i cant stop seeing her eyes and her struggling to breathe as she grabs our arms. 
Our siblings were also taken unjustly a year ago and have bullied mom a lot by giving false information to make her look bad so she would have a less chance of getting them back, Now she is dead and they continue to get away with it. She has proven them wrong many times only to get more hoops to jump over, the court judge has also called them out on it in the past. now that mom is dead we risk losing the kids forever with no chance of seeing them again. Mom died waiting for her kids to come home. 
I also feel like i should be over it by now?? things happen after all, I feel wrong for feeling things when mom could have been saved so easily and I have failed her by neglecting her that night and failing at cpr or propping her neck back making her unable to breathe.. people lose people all the time so its pretty common, therefore I should stop being a baby about it right? 

I just want to die and not hear or see it anymore. I want to rest. I hope she is somewhere so I can go be somewhere with her