Fighting a long time and getting tired..The nineties were good for me,  I had always been a hard diligent worker and it helped me rise in any company no matter what.  Even through layoffs, buy outs and corporate takeovers I managed to keep my career in IT on a progressive move upward.
I was OK, financially, not rich but not hurting and if my family came to me for anything if I had it would lend them a hand in money and or deeds.
In 1999 however, I started getting headaches, mind you I had always had them for as long as I can remember. But these were different, they were more frequent, more intense. 

I was going to the doctor all the time and they could not resolve them, they were termed migraines and cluster headaches.  They were  / are the most brutal pains I have. They were affecting everything even sleep. So I would go to sleep at work or anywhere I was not actively doing something.  I was referred to one Dr. L, a neurologist. He very quickly diagnosed “Sleep Apnea” sent what I think was a mobility card to the state of California who in turn took away my license and started the degradation of life as I came to know it. 

For the next few years I would battle against the headaches, Dr. L and the state to get my license back. I had not had an accident and do not believe I even had a ticket at the time. I went to a couple of other Neurologist who did MSLT testing and gave DMV a written report I was safe to drive. Even though I had written evidence I could drive safely and had evidence in hand, the DMV safety board said “Dr. L is very well respected around hear” and denied my request to get my license back. I finally went back to Dr. L who did do a MSLT test and said go back to the DMV safety office because he was giving me a favorable report. But at the hearing they said nothing had changed and Dr. L. was still suggesting that I not drive. 

While fighting to get my license back, I was still trying to get to work anyway I could. Bus was not an option. I had to either catch a train or carpool. I actually did both but on April 23rd, 2002.  I was supposed to carpool to work; I could not find my carpool person so I took the train. I never made it to work, as we were approaching my station in Anaheim, the Metro link train I was on came to a stop. This was not unusual we had stopped before but this one seemed longer. 

I heard a crash and don’t know what happened after that, I was on the floor, people were crying, blood everywhere; the first responders were just driving up. By coincidence the first responder police, fire, paramedics were having a drill not far away. They’re drill just became reality. I am guessing I was unconscious for around 10 minutes or less. 
I live that day over and over and over maybe a thousand times since it happened. When I woke all I wanted was to get off the train before something else happened. A lady I think she was a nurse asked me to sit down but I wanted to get off, I could barely stand, I could barely climb onto a seat but eventually I was able to. The nurse retrieved my bag and I worked myself off of the train. 





I sustained many injuries in that crash, more headaches, more intense to include vomiting. Kidney issues that had them talking at one time about me using dialysis. A neck that stiffens and create yet another type headache, Tension pain.  Now I have them close to everyday. Stress, depression, anxiety and PTSD the last of which I always wondered about since my granddad had it. I really feel for the soldiers that come back with that, it’s a terrible thing to suffer.  I still fight these things every day of my life till today. 

After this wreck I did manage to get my license back (a little too late) and was able to drive again.  In May of 2004 I lost my job and that was the end of a 25 year career. Neck back headaches, mentally I leave not sure where or even what I’m thinking of. Sometimes I’m back on that train, but other times I just do not know.  In 2005 I started seeing a counselor and a psychiatrist because my wife told me I was not the same man.  Later in 2005 she filed for divorce citing “citing this is not going to turn out good for you”.  I thought she meant the class action suit that was filed, I found out later she meant something else.

I have no income at the moment and was turned down on SSI disability, ON the fourth anniversary of the wreck April 23rd of 2006, I attempted my first suicide, using sleeping pills, I had a half bottle of prescribed sleeping pills took them with water. It obviously did not work best sleep I had in years. I was on many pills for pain, depression anxiety. May of 2006 my divorce was final. But before the divorce was final she really got me. 

In June on my birthday, I attempted suicide again this time with OTC sleeping meds and liquor. I thought this was going to work as I started having heart palpitations and I lay down, not expecting to get back up. I did get back up for some reason.  In august of 2006 I was on a visit to my counselor and I told her of my attempts, and she asked me if I would try again, I did not I could not say I would not try again,  my life was in ruin, I had lost almost everything I worked and saved for. My savings, 401k and pension accounts were being exhausted, my career was gone. My home up for sale and I have this train wreck suit going but I always find the worse attorneys possible so it’s not going well. I saw no reason to live pains were too great physical, psychological and physiological.  It was so much. I could not even speak to tell her a lie because I think she saw it I’m my face, I was going to do it again.  I was put in a 3 day hold. 

I was released from the hospital in the care of my ex, we could not sell the home because we bought it as a fixer and we did not fix it instead my ex put in a pool. I saw this as a positive thing (not the pool). In 2007 just as my finances were exhausted I finally got on SSI disability, it’s not much but was something.  The following year my case ended and I was awarded $150k but for some reason I only received $14K. Nothing for pain and suffering, loss of wages, continued medical bills, not even enough to pay off my bills. I recently read of a guy on that train getting $9.4 million because he took a drink and a lady got $4 million because of stress. 

I put my energy into helping my ex in her career and education, I was writing her communications to her partners, I was helping her with the reports for the underwriters she managed, and I was also helping her daughter who had been abandoned by her father to play basketball. Something even her family did not believe she could do. I was successful in getting her to her goal. I was also trying to get my life going again but money was an issue. I only made enough to pay bills and just get by, I was going to school but car broke down. I tried taking the bus for a few months but it only made physical issues worse. 
I wanted to do Foster care but the ex did not want any other kids in the house. Its half her house so I had to respect that. 

We lived together with me being house husband albeit not married until September of 2014. I had just found out that my ex in 2006 had taken out a rather large loan against the home. I would later find that she forged my name.  I found out she purchased with our money a rental property and was receiving $500 income every month for 9 years.  By my estimate including the loan of $75k, income or about $60k and tax write-offs she has made almost $200k while I am sitting here struggling.

How did I find out? An inadvertent message from one of her boyfriends came in while I was helping her to move her tablet from Verizon to sprint. The employees started laughing because they thought the message was from me. I said, not from me, im standing right here. I read the message and it was brutal.  It was how she was intentionally keeping my down financially, it was her telling (THEM)  how much she was in love with them. My being broke was actually funny to her and her boyfriends. They were saying how cold and mean she was and have a good laugh.  One of the boyfriends wanted to really do something to me and she was going to let them.  The Verizon women at Verizon kept saying were so sorry, while the guy did not say anything but just stared at me. 

The home AC unit does not work, the fences are falling down, carpet needs to be replaced, electrical and plumbing issues and doors need to be replaced.  I am in bankruptcy and struggling from month to month. I asked if I could have the home since she has made way more the equity in the home. First she said yes, so I started the process to do foster parenting. She changed her mind and started fighting for the home. 

This has been devastating, she did this while I was at the very lowest point in my life, and I do not even understand anything. My only question is why? And why continue fighting when you know what you have done? 

I hire attorney Aimee D. to take my case as I can’t fight this and she reluctantly agreed. She talked tough but started charging me all sorts of fees for things I was doing. She actually used a $5k retainer in two weeks and only types an RFO and was looking for another $5000 because she typed a motion to compel. I was filing and standing in line. The bill actually got to $15K and we had not even had a hearing, she did no discovery, did not file anything, only typed. When she knew she would have to fight she quit.
That was all I had to throw at it, so with my medical issues and no money I am fighting this alone.

My ex hires one of the scummiest lawyers in California. Not sure where she found him crawling but Abel works for her. He knows every dirty trick in the book and even when I attempt to let the courts know of his tactics they overlook it. He consistently hides assets and perjures himself in court and files declarations late so judge will not have a chance to review. 

The courts ruled against me despite my   showing proof of everything I have said. How? They do not listen if you do not have an attorney, prejudicial. 

I even reported the forgery to the local authorities who told me just this past Friday they will not pursue it because Statue of limitations (not true because I just got the documents and it started when it was discovered), then he said it was a misdemeanor (again not true because under prop 47 anything over $950 is grand larceny, a felony), then he said I already knew of the loan in 2013 (Yes I did just did not know my name was associated with it and the forgery till now). We basically left off the phone with him say the Riverside County Sheriff’s office will not pursue a charge of forgery. 


I fight every day, depression, pains, anxiety, a legal system that will punish me willfully but when I need them to protect my rights they are unwilling to do so. I fight the need to escape every day. 
I need help someone, this is not right.

A little about suicide, first it’s not cowardly, it’s a sad that we live in world where people have become so greedy, cynical and evil to put people in a position like this. It’s very scary because you do not know what will happen. Most people battle it for a very long time.  As you can see I have. Not sure what happens should I lose my home to fraud and forgery but in the mean time I’m still in the fight.  Even the fight is a letdown because when I had money and health, it was not unusual for me to lend someone $1000 smallest to $15k the largest. Now, I need help and those same people can’t or will not help me. It’s rough and sometime you want to give up. I have asked if they can’t help financially help me find resources. I cannot do this and search for resourses at the same time. I guess I only had value when I had something to get. 
I am tired I have been fighting a very long time.....