It makes more sense to kill myself everydayThis might be long, I am sorry.

I know that yes, technically, being depressed does cloud your mind. It makes you feel like you are not worth it and you deserve to die and all that. It tells you no one cares about you and no one would miss you, that you are better off dead. Now, listen to this: I like to believe that I am thinking about this in the most logical and objective way (or who knows, maybe I'm really "crazy". Healthy people shouldn't be thinking this way) but anyways, I honestly and truly see that I would be better off not alive. I will end up a disappointment and failure. I know that. I can't imagine getting through college. I have only gotten through one semester before I have combusted. I think that yes, my parents and siblings will feel pain from me being dead. That will be bad. But I think living and being a disappointment and failure will be a greater pain. 

I do a lot more bad than good, therefore my not being alive will stop that from happening. I'm not that great of a sister, I am mean and to tell the truth selfish. I've passed on all sorts of bad traits to my siblings and have never been a good role-model. Yeah, it's hard to do so when depressed. So I don't fully blame myself. At times I feel it to be true that I really don't love anyone. Maybe not all the time, but it happens and I think it is a true feeling. 

I will be wasting resources, money, and time in regards to my parents if I continue to live. I think it would be better off therefore, for me to die. Or not even better I should say. Because then people will attribute it to a depressive way of thinking. Just when making a pros or cons list, there are more pros to me not being alive anymore. My mom says no one wants their kid to die no matter how much they fuck up. Well, even then I couldn't live with myself. I personally don't care if I don't live anymore. I keep going, I guess until I reach 100% certainty.

I will miss things like the sky, nature, colour. I will miss music and good food. I don't enjoy these things anymore, but they helped me and sometimes for a moment I can capture the beauty again. I will miss I don't know, the good things in life. Night skies and stars and everything. I just really can't imagine going through the hardships anymore. Like, I don't think I would have the strength to graduate college. Go through four years. It's a lot. I will miss not being able to fall in love, or have someone love me. I think I am heartless a lot, sure feels that way, but I've never been this vulnerable to type this out and admit it but yes I would miss that. 

Can't you see why it's so logical for me? Other depressed people see no hope, they think life will not get any better and kill themselves. I see the things I would miss out on, that makes me sad. I still see some benefits to me living. But me being alive has more cons and so I shouldn't be. Why should God be mad at me to take my life? He made me sick in the first place and made me deal with it for years. He is "all-forgiving, all-merciful". Of course I'll probably still go to hell because I really am not Muslim. I have never prayed in my life, I have never fasted a day. I never felt any emotional connection and I don't know if I ever could. God it would suck to spend an eternity in hell-fire for being a stupid 19-year-old who decided to off herself because it makes sense. Hopefully He would forgive me. 

Anyways, each day that passes it makes more and more sense. Before I thought about it all the time but I couldn't imagine doing it. I just always, always see it in my head. It doesn't stop. It's scary but comforting, I would actually be able to go to sleep and rest. I'm so tired. 