Lost, confused, angry and thinking about ending.Throwaway account, as I don't want personal friends seeing my post history. 

I'm 22 year old, living in Scotland. Currently still living with my mother, I do have a job but I hate it with a passion (Call center for a TV/ISP). I've been on-off with work with sick notes, and I am currently diagnosed with Depression, Anxiety and Stress related illness.

I'm currently having a rough time, in debt and having a really bad time financially at the moment. Returning to work tomorrow, feel forced and rushed to to monetary constraints but in my head I am not ready to go back. The person I need to please is my mother rather than myself, because if I don't go back, I'll most likely get kicked out, I have no-one else to turn to, currently have around £7,000 of debt and a £2,500 planned overdraft (which is currently sitting at £2,650 so I'm actually in unplanned). I have no money to my name, and I don't get paid until the 28th, and even then as soon as I get paid it all is owed out. 

I have been relying on the help of my mother, and also when I could in the past, and can right now I have been helping her out, but right now it's currently one-sided mostly. I am a smoker, I have been borrowing money from her to make ends meet.

I have attempted to kill myself once, which was more of a cry for help than an attempt at suicide, because I knew I was not right, but no-one wanted to help and I felt that was the only way. I got minor help but have been discharged from my CPN, and feel no benefit from anything that was done for me. 

Around a week ago there was an issue with a direct debit coming out of my bank account (didn't have the funds) and a letter was sent out letting me know, my mother found the letter and started to go beserk, there were a few punches (to me, I would never hit her, as much as I was so close to doing it my willpower held me back) I was "kicked out" of the house for 4 hours before she called the company and realized the account was in £60 of CREDIT, they were just making me aware a direct debit had failed to be paid, after the call everything went "back to normal" (not that I even know what normal is anymore).
Cut forward to now, I'm in the house alone, no-one is here, call my mother to see where she is/when she will be back, currently she's at a friends, getting ready to go clubbing. I tell her to enjoy her self and she then starts to get sour, bring up anything bad that has happened in the near future and bringing me down. It sparks a mini argument, I ask her "What are you talking about, I'm telling you to go enjoy yourself, and you are nit-picking things from the past and bringing me down, and it's turning out to be petty".

To which she has replied "Then bye bye, get yourelf a petty place to stay and see who is petty then."

So basically I'm homeless, at 22:30, nowhere to go, no-one to turn to, and literally have no idea what I can do at this point. I have no money, so I can't get a cheap room for a night, and I'm just sitting here with a Stanley Knife, contemplating just ending (or attempting to) my life. 

I am just so confused, no idea what to do, and I am turning to strangers of the internet in a cry for help 