I wanted to die with himMy boyfriend killed himself and I had done exactly what he wanted me to do so he could feel less guilty. It's been over a year since he's died but I still think about him everyday and I haven't been able to be with anyone else since he died. I've had so long to think about his actions leading up to his suicide that I finally realized that the actions we both took were all on purpose so that he could push me away and I wouldn't be hurt as much. I should probably explain a little... There was this one night when he had a really bad manic episode (this was when I think he knew he was actually going to kill himself) and he got sent to the hospital for a few weeks after that. He told that if we were to stay together while he was in there that it would only hurt me more but i just wanted to help and support him. Although he said that I knew he couldn't have really wanted to leave me because every day at the time when he could use the phones he would call me and use up the whole hour talking. When he got out of the hospital he had changed a bit, had gone back to drinking and slept with a few of his exes but I didn't want to abandon him. I still don't hold those things against him. Then one day he had picked me up and drove me to grab some starbucks and a sandwich and told me that he really wanted to end it, he said it was because he didn't want me to be scared and hurt like he is. I accepted it because I didn't want to be a bother to him but I wish I could have stayed with him. After that he had changed dramatically (2 months before he kills himself now) he had been purposely showing me that he's with other girls in front of me to anger me. For a while it doesn't work but then I start going after this other guy that I don't even have feelings for because I wanted to show that I am fine. I think that hurt him though because he changed back to his soft self sometimes after that and would tell me not to worry when I would tell him to be careful or he would tell me that he still cared. I had played along with his games, he tried to push me away even if he didn't want to. He even would come back and tell me he wanted to be with me again but say no to himself and apologize a few times. I don't know how I couldn't have seen what he was doing and I've hated myself for it many times. I've wanted to go with him, I know it sounds desperate but I only want him. I can't love anyone else, I've tried so hard to move on but I can't and everyone else can go about there normal lives but this affects me everyday. I want to die just so I can be with him. I miss him so much. Please I can't take it anymore. 