my first post.Hi. 

I’ve. wanted to kill myself since my 8th birthday. Let me start by saying I was a very anxious young child. I would freak out over any tiny occurrence. For example, If my parents where late getting me too a birthday party I would have a panic attack right outside, refusing to go in. By third grade, my panic attacks became a nightly problem.

I believe my depression/suicide and my anxiety aren’t as connected as my parents and doctors make it seem to be.  You see, my depression started in response to being bullied. I was constantly bullied about my size(weight, and height). I was left out and had no friends until 5th grade. 

5th grade was when all the boys and girls(i go to a coed school) started hanging out. It was only the coolest boys and girls though and back then only the fastest boys were the coolest, me being 5 2 and 200 lbs in 5th grade didn’t make me fast whatsoever. Although I wasn’t getting any attention from girls I started to make friends with the boys. Going into middle school I would say I had 4 real friends. 


Then in 6th grade, I met her. Let’s call her girl X. When she walked into the bus that first day, it was like looking at an angel. It being her first day at my school, she asked to sit next to me on the bus. That could’ve been the first thing a girl said to me that wasn’t a bullying comment. Anyway, I instantly fell in love. I sat with her everyday, and I quickly learned she was perfect. We had all of the same interests.  Throughout 6th grade It wasn’t that big of a deal to be friends with a girl anymore so i started talking to more people. 

We had the same math class. I would constantly make a fool out of my self to get her to notice me and nothing worked. On a side note I think I went all of 6th grade without hanging out with anyone outside of school. Ohh by the way I forgot when but towards the end of 6th grade I asked her out. I’m sure you can guess what she said.

In the beginning of 7th grade it was more of the same. All i wanted was for this girl to notice me for more then a friend and I got nothing. Although, I started making friends. I started going out and hanging out with more people inside and outside of school. My best friends bar mitzvah was in the middle of the year. 


During the cocktail hour I remember a different friend leaning over towards me and making a joke about this kids name who crashed. Being myself who just wanted to be noticed by people, I went and introduced myself to the two kids who crashed. I was very barney Stinson i’m going to teach you how to live about the whole thing even though they were both a grade older and much taller, skinner, better looking then me. The kid with the funny name told me he wanted to hook up with girl x. girl x was my best friend at this time. Trying to act all cool i introduced the two.

The ended up making out in the middle of the dance floor, in front of everyone. my hart was crushed. I ran out of the place crying got in a cab and went home. When i got home no one was there. I decided this is it this is the night when i do it. I’m dying myself. I followed everything I had previously planed out(which i think was actually inspired by a fellow poster). I climbed inside my hamper naked holding with nothing by a knife. I kid you not through all my crying I did not hear my parents come home and my dad caught my hand/knife on its way to impail my neck. 

I stayed friends with girl X up until she left the state at the end of the year. I tried to keep my distance to protect myself It was my first love for the first girl who showed me any attention and it didn’t work out. 

So 8th grade No girl X. I spent 8th grade in the gym. Working out everyday every week every month. Now i’m here at the end of 8th grade with all the weight lost feeling just as lossed as i felt exactly 1 and 1/2 years ago.


Sorry to be a bother just wanted to share my story.

