I’m gonna finally kill this pain and sorrowI’ve never felt so alone before. I am in my early 20’s. I don’t have a car. I don’t work. Within the past year I’ve been diagnosed with 2 chronic diseases and have about $5000 in hospital bills (thankfully after insurance) that I don’t have money for, while one of the hospitals have a debt collecting agency looking for their money. So there goes my credit score before I even attempt to build credit. I feel every time I try to talk to someone they don’t listen.. My empathy runs deep. To the point that even if I don’t want to see tomorrow, I don’t want to leave the 4-5 loved ones I have with pain and guilt. So I will continue to fight, even if their silence has contributed to my pain. I know what that guilt of losing someone to mental health feels like. But it’s getting to a point where irrational thoughts are becoming rational. I just want this pain to stop. At the very least I just want someone to actually care enough about me to listen to me. I’ve been dealing with depression and suicidal thoughts for over half my life. I’m just getting to the point where I’m ready to throw in the towel. I’m sorry if this is all over the place, my head is still spinning. I might as well be honest here, one thing I would do when I was 13 would be to tie a belt around my neck, wrap it around a pull-up bar or something, and hold the other end while I drop my body down. I did that throughout the first year after my first and only suicide attempt where the pull-up bar ended up collapsing. I would do it to just feel that numbness and condition my body/mind by going to my “happy place” for when I finally decided to go through with it. I haven’t done that since I was 14. I don’t know if I did it tonight just to feel something or if I wanted to be reminded of that feeling so I know whether that’s the way I want to go when/if I decide to end it all. I don’t know, I just want to escape my head. I’m sorry for such a long post. I’m not quite sure what I’m looking to get out of this post, but it’s worth a shot and I’m sure it’s better than weeping alone.