THIS IS THE FINAL STRAW!!! MY MOTHER WILL NEVER SEE ME AGAIN!!!Just as the title suggests, this is truly the final straw. I am done having my mom take me for granted. I tried to tell her and convey to her that her husband gets off to harassing me, but then she decides to play the "drama queen card", fakes a panic attack, and says that if I don't stop arguing, she will end up in a hospital. This isn't the first time she's been this way; it's the same sh*t, different day mentality with them. She doesn't care! She doesn't give a f*ck or sh*t, because if she did, then I wouldn't be here, on Reddit, typing this post. Blood means nothing! Thick and thin means nothing!

Honestly, she doesn't need to say anything to me because her actions have spoken louder than words ever could, and therefore, her true colors were exposed. My words have obviously fallen on her deaf ears, and she didn't decide to talk until a few days after "the event". Here's the story (in a nutshell):

On Sunday, May 28, 2017, as I was getting dressed and preparing myself hygienically, I heard a knock on the guest-bedroom door. Why was there a knock? Because obviously, the door was locked. Why was it locked? To ensure my privacy and protection while I am getting ready, and so that I wouldn't have any distractions that may cause a delay in my getting ready. Back to the point... I open the door, half-dressed, and I see my mom's husband there. He begins to patronize me with his unneeded verbal abuse of "You need my permission to lock the door!” As if he had nothing better to do than to antagonize me *rolls eyes*. I was minding my own business, and he was minding his own business. Everything was copasetic, but he just had to go out of his way to get a rise out of me for this stupid bullsh*t. I need his permission to lock the door while I’m changing clothes? In the guest-bedroom? A room where he, himself, has no business being in, because for the past 2 nights that I have slept over, he has not once set foot in there (except to talk with my mom for a brief minute).  He has no respect for boundaries, and as my mom knocks on the door a few minutes later (I locked the door after he left with a smug look on his face), I tried to tell her that he was bothering me and interfering with my getting ready to leave (thanks for intervening and not preventing the situation, mom). -_- Of course I had to raise my voice a bit because this isn’t a situation that I wanted her to take lightly or with a grain of salt. My boundaries were violated, my privacy was violated, and my sanity was violated. I am clearly not at peace!

But it’s not just about him “asserting his authority”; it’s about him finding new ways to push my buttons and antagonize me, and ignoring him just doesn't seem to be working anymore. He takes no accountability or remorse for his actions, and only sees the wrong and imperfections in other people, except himself. My mom doesn't have the willpower to confront him and stop it. Gee! Thanks mom! Thanks for allowing the perpetuation of his unneeded harassment to continue! He continues to argue (as he gets off to this), and I still continue to tell my mom that he won’t stop antagonizing me. I ask her, “Is this why you married him?” She couldn’t even answer the question. She was just faking her drama attack, saying she’ll end up in a hospital, instead of trying to diffuse or resolve the situation right then and there. Oh, she’s sick? Well, excuse me! I was sick for the past 2 days, but that didn’t prevent him from getting my riled up.

So, what was her response: nothing! Absolutely nothing! She chose to be a silent spectator, and therefore, she chose the side of neutrality and indifference. This isn’t the first time she’s been like this; she always waits until sh*t hits the fan before having to step in. WHY? You know what kind of person he is! Why are you married to this abuse? Are you that addicted to the drama in your life, that without it, you’ll die? I know exactly where her loyalties lie, and they are with him. If she didn’t have the audacity to say anything, right then and there, then why would her words matter to me now? Too little, too late, mom, or should I say, birthgiver, or mother formerly known as. I never asked her to take sides, but it is the righteous and moral thing to always take the side of justice, and the way I was treated on Sunday, was completely unjust. She is too weak-willed! How did she even have the capacity to give birth to four children, yet she lacks the capacity to defend them while they are being mistreated?! I’m so ashamed to call her my mother, because unconditional means without limits, and I see where she draws the line. She’s a disgrace to me. She’s had her chance to speak up, to do something, and she was hopelessly squandered it! SQUANDERED IT! Way to cut the umbilical cord, mom! Oh, but hold the phone: she’s no spring chicken. She’s 65 years old! I didn’t know being a mother had a cut-off date. There is tension because your husband is a sick, sadistic, sociopathic devil! He gets off to this for his own blood-sucking amusement! He has no personal accountability for his actions, and therefore, he’s a coward, just like you! He knows that you won’t do anything about the situation, and therefore, that enables him to continue doing what he does. 

I don’t want an apology from either of them because they’re just words, folks! She is blinded by her own hard-headedness and obstinance. I knew I had to leave at 11 AM! I had my reasons for keeping the door locked: I was changing my clothes and avoiding any and all possible distractions while I was getting ready to leave. She has undermined my integrity, yet again, by allowing her husband, and then her, to interfere with my getting ready to leave. I’m a grown adult (just a few years shy of 30), and if I’m treated with disrespect and disregard, then I will raise my voice. Unlike her, I refuse to stay silent and allow myself to become a victim. She asked me for my respect, yet I have given her nothing but, but she took mine for granted, and I REFUSE to be taken for granted like this. She won’t choose sides, so I will choose for her: I will remove myself from the equation, and they are forbidden to contact me in any way, shape, or form.  This isn’t a game; THIS IS MY LIFE! 