Don't know what to do anymore     where to even begin... I don't even know why I'm posting this, maybe its because I'm desperately trying to find a reason to keep pushing along day after day, maybe I'm really just crying for help, maybe I just want someone to validate me now as I'm trying so hard to grasp at any thread as the tapestry of my life unravels.       
     Lately I've been thinking more and more about ending it. At first it was just fleeting thoughts of how I would do it, what method would be quickest and easiest. Then I started reading forum posts about suicide, half looking for ideas on how, half looking for reasons not to. Sadly enough, as I read strangers telling other strangers text book reasons for why they shouldn't kill themselves I came to realize that those reasons did not apply to me. 
     Most people say you shouldn't kill yourself because of how your family would feel, how selfish it is to end it and make them suffer, but that's just it, i want to die because of my family, i want to make them suffer as they have made me suffer for so long. I've hated them for as long as I can remember. My sister has serious mental issues, her whole life she has been a hypochondriac, her whole life my mother has coddled her and endorsed this behavior. At some point it evolved into shameless greed, she feels like she deserves the world because she's sick, even tho she is the one making herself sick. She's pushed my family to the brink of bankrupcy so she can live like a queen, a perfect house, with a perfect dog, a brand new car she can't afford, knowing my family will break themselves to provide for her, and yet its not enough. She is constantly miserable, always suffering from violent mood swings, she makes everyone around her miserable. One second she will befriend someone, then the next shun them, all the while the same people come to me to unload their stress from the situation. Every day someone tells me how horrible my family is, how horribly they are treated by them, this has been going on for 13 years. 
     My mother is her only friend, and the irony in this is that my sister hates my mother with a passion, whenever my mother isn't there to listen, my sister complains constantly how horrible she is, despite the house, car, and dog my mother has provided for her, despite the taxing costs of providing this all to her. she is so incredibly selfish, she can never see beyond her immediate wants, she has no empathy, she doesn't even care about her own mother.
      I used to care about my mother, but somewhere along the line, i stopped caring when it became apparent that i will always live in my sister's shadow. It will always be expected of me to sacrifice so my sister can have more. When i realized my sister was the favored child, and that I was just a scapegoat to take blame for every fight, I stopped caring about my mother. I stopped caring about my 'family'. My sister's prevalence in our family is so blatant it disgusts me, every couple months my mother and sister go on vacation, they never take me, never even ask, but even more insulting is that they never tell me they are going until one of them hands me a piece of paper outlining my schedual for taking care of her dog while they are away, or for taking care of the business, they never ask "can you take care of my dog?" or "is it cool if you come in every morning this week while we're away?" its simply expected that I will do it. This is but one example of how my family treats me, consider it the metaphorical 'tip of the iceberg', my discontent towards them runs far deeper than this, this behavior is prevalent now only because it happened again recently.
     I know most people will tell me to simple cut ties and leave, live my own life, and believe me, I've debated doing so, but the prospects are weak. I am a high school drop out. I do not have much potential for supporting myself if it weren't for the fact that my family owns a business. I am bound to this business, as I would surely fail without them. Why did I drop out of high school, you ask? when I was 16 I made enemies with a drug dealer in my school, his parents were lawyers. After numerous fights and hostile encounters we ended up having a parent teacher conference, his parents threatened to sue the school, and I was told I would be expelled, so I left before they had the chance. Less than 2 years later, the drug dealer I had conflicts with threw himself in front of a train and ended his life. 
    So where does that leave me? I have to work with my family, because I am undereducated and can not find proper work without them. I am paid less than my sister, despite the fact that I work at least 15 hours a week more than her, and when she's 'sick' I work even more, but it has been explained to me that she 'needs' the salary so she can pay her bills. Ironic, I have been as fiscally responsible as possible with my meager salary my whole life, i carry no credit card debt, i find a way to pay my bills in full and on time every month, but lately its been increasingly difficult to make ends meet, and yet she spends well beyond her means. She 'needs' to be paid more than me because she has overwhelming credit card debt, and loans she can't pay. So I work more, earn less, and reap no rewards except being left out of every vacation they take, get treated like shit every time they fight, deal with every discontent customer because they can't 'handle the stress anymore', play counselor to every employee that's about to quit because my sister treated them like sub-human filth. 
     I can't take it anymore, I don't see a light at the end of the tunnel any more, I can't even dream of a way out. My mind is plagued by dark thoughts now, I feel like I am living in a shadow, or rather that I am simply a shadow, an image cast on the ground beside them, it is expected that I will unconditionally follow them, and act as they decree.  I hate myself more everyday for allowing it to continue, but every time i try to assert myself and my discontent for the situation or the way my sister acts, I am shunned by my mother, told I am making her life harder by fighting with my sister, but I simply can not tolerate her any more.
    This is my life, this is every moment of my being, this is all I have. My friends tell me I am smart enough to leave and find a job elsewhere, but every time I try I fail miserably because I never received a piece of paper from a university confirming my ability to perform at a given task. I want to go to school, but I am paid so little by my family I can't afford to, and even if i were approved for financial aid, I highly doubt my ability to cling to life long enough to obtain a degree, I couldn't see myself pushing thru the stress of school while working with my family, as I am already to the point of seriously considering suicide. 
    Am I insane? Am I the one acting irrationally? Is this the way of life, should it be expected of me to cater to them in this way? Is this how 'normal' families act? Why do they fail to see how miserable I am? Why don't they care? I try so hard to do good by our business but I've never been given anything as simple as a 'thank you' I never go anywhere or do anything because my whole life revolves around them and the business. I want to live my own life, I want to make my own path, I want so desperately to garner respect from my peers, but every day I am simply pitied by them because they can see my situation as I do, but yet my family fails to see. I am nothing to them, I wonder if they will even second guess themselves when I'm gone. Will they realize the error of their ways when I leave? Will they realize how they treated me for so long when its over? Or will they dismiss me as being mentally ill and continue their ridiculous lives? 
     As I write this I am becoming increasingly relieved, with every minute I spend away from them I feel slightly more content with life, almost like I can see a future ahead, but I know tomorrow I will be bogged back down into this darkness, I know tomorrow the same ridiculous events will play out and I will feel the same again, this happens every day, this cycle is the norm to me, every day I fear going to work and dealing with them, because every day there is some drama. Every day I am made to feel like shit, every day I am walked on by them, and every day when its over, I go home, and the longer I go with out seeing or talking to them, the happier I become. But every night when i go to sleep, I fear what the next day will bring, I'm so tired of it.
     To sum it up in a TL;DR fashion, i feel trapped, enslaved by a family that shuns me. I'm constantly treated as a scapegoat, I can't find a way out, and I fail to make them understand my unhappiness. I am nothing, just a tool for them to operate their failing business, and clean up after them. Its been this way for so long, I used to think I was strong, I used to think I could be the bigger person and let it all roll off my back, but a decade later, I've been worn down, my pride is broken, I have nothing, I am nothing. 

edit: great the formatting on my post is all fucked up, making it annoying to read and i don't know how to fix it