I feel like I could just go downstairs now and ingest every med I can find, including my stepdad's cancer meds.Sorry, rant ahead:

A couple of days ago, a close friend of mine attempted suicide, I haven't heard from her since. Of course during these past few days I've been feeling extra shitty since her and I felt similar things such as alienation and mediocrity. Due to my complete apathy to almost everything recently, my bedroom has become a mess, and not one of those messes that you generally see as a classic depression bedroom; I mean more like just I didn't have my bed made and there was a plate from lunch on my dresser. I don't think she noticed the bags of trash in the corner which are mostly filled with leftover alcohol containers. She just went so mad about the state of my room (normally I keep my door closed, half out of habit and half out of general shame) and she said she looked into my room to let one of the cats in: you don't need to turn a light on in my room to let a cat in, and quite soon after her lecture of sorts, I saw the aforementioned cat hanging out at the top of the stairs as she has been doing recently anyway. So most likely it was her just peering into my personal space. Annoyingly enough, today I actually cleaned a fair portion of my room as I've felt better today than the past few days: I cleared a tonne of old dishes out and organised the rubbish in my room a little better -- doesnt feel as if I can straight up just through three bags of trash into the bin because obviously thats noticeable. Either way, today I feel like I've been making tiny steps to get better and then just as I'm about to eat dinner, she swoops in and is like "I never want to see that room in that fucking state again" and whatnot. A large part of me wants to tell her that its either my apathy towards regimental cleanliness, or me collecting every single piece of medication in the house and just gulping it down alongside the red wine I have at the moment. Almost as if I can kill myself out of spite; my stepbrother has already been lost due to suicide, and my sister has suicidal ideation to the point where she's on disability welfare. I just would have thought that at a certain point my mum or at least the parents together would recognise mental illness for what it is and be a little more observant towards the things that make us kids ill.

Thanks for reading. I'm not sure what I'm going to do. 