I am unsure about where and what I am.I dont know what. I have been thinking about ending it for years. I have never had the balls. Recently I quit smoking weed, which I used as a kind of anti anxiety medication. It didn't help. Now I have been off it for nearly 2 months because i felt nothing on it exxept numbness. It did nothing for me anymore so I quit. I felt amazing afterwords. Slowly but surely i have returned to my old crappy self. 
Nearly everyday for the past weeks I have been thinking of killing myself. Maybe its just wishful thinking or some other thing. I dont know. I started drinking more after I quit smoking. Maybe because I am still chasing that damn dragon. I used to hate drinking even before I smoked. 

I feel fake. Like i dont belong on this sub. I feel like I am forcing myself to feel shit. Not depressed, just shit. I am so fucking sick of being afraid of catching some disease. So fucking sick of panic attacks before going to bed because of this. 

27 male and i have been cutting, burning, bla bla bla for years and I thought I was past that shit. I dont know why but i like tending to the damage afterwords. THen I get some anxiety of getting an infection because of it. SO I started using a antibacterial liquid for wounds. 
Now after a bottle of wine and x beers I tied a noose and put it around my neck but thats where it stopped. Its still hanging there. Its just that I am too much of a pussy. 

I have made plans to go to a psychiatrist tomorrow, i just dont think I am going to. I will probobly make some fucking excuse as to why I shouldnt go. Feels like they will make an ass out of me and tell me three is nothing wrong and I am just an idiot looking for attention. I have been to diagnosed with adhd before as a child and another psychologist told me i have autism spectrum tendencies or whatever I cant really remember.  

The last time I started smoking pot was because of me loosing the dream job which I had been working towards for 6 months. And it was ripped away because an incident (nobody was hurt) occured. I panicked and started having a panic attack. It was basically reversing into a car and scratching the paintjob. 