Planning an epic suicideHere's the thing. I've been depressed for a few years now. Tried to control it, but it didn't work. Went to a few therapist, but it didn't work out too. I don't wanna take medication cause it's like putting band-aid over a bullet wound, it just makes us numb when the situation that's making me depressed is unchanged. It's like saving a fish from a polluted river only to drop it back into it once the fish got better. Like it doesn't make any sense.

I know this sounds stupid, but I don't have anything to look forward to. I'm done being having to suffer the consequences of other people's decisions. I wish my fam took my opinions more seriously. Like I'm in my mid 20's and ik how to decide for myself. But somehow, I have to obey my elders (shitty culture here) and my opinions doesn't matter. I'm tired of being a puppet, and this time, at lest I'm in control of my life. I don't talk to my siblings and get into fights with my mom quite often. I distanced myself from all of my friends, and deleted my social media accounts an year ago cause I know my death will be hard for them, and I needed to make it hurt less. So you could say this has been in the making for a long time.

People kill themselves for a variety of reasons, and I have mine too. I tried holding on for a year hoping things will get better, but people are still the same. I'm tired of living this way. Maybe my death will better educate other parents on how to raise their kids. Also, I wish I could just run away, you know. Like westerners. Just move out of the house. I can't here. And it's something to be shameful of if we leave our fam behind, esp mom. I mean not all parents are cute and cuddly. But in the eyes of the society here, they are. Fuck culture. Also, a million thanks to the people who push me to become religious. Like wtf?? Don't I have the right to religion? Maybe worship a fruit fly instead of Jesus?? Or maybe don't care about religion at all?? It's messed up.

Honestly, I was thinking about leaving my fam and going somewhere else, but it doesn't work that way. It's all too complicated. The only way out is death. I mean I feel like I got myself into a gang, and the only way out is up. I bet many people feel the same here. My ideas and core principles are entirely different from the people around me, and I tried moving to Canada. I got a fuckin offer letter from a few uni's, but I can't go/pay the fees cause my fam messed up some stuff. If they had listen to me and did what I said, I could've sold my share of the inheritance. I mean it's enough money to send 10 kids to Canada. I could've started a new life there, but they fuckin didn't. 

It's not like I just gave up on life all of a sudden. This is not an impulsive decision. When suicide is the only thing in front of you, do we really have a choice?? Mental health is a taboo subject here. People don't talk about that stuff. I went to a therapist and told what's happening to me, and she couldn't wait to tel my mom what I confided in her. Mostly cause 'mom's are always right' where I live. Like wtf?? So I want my death to shed light on these issues. Like it should force people to talk about mental health, and how to better provide services to people in need without prejudice. Things always change here when someone dies and it's publicized. So my death will be for a noble cause.

So yeah, that's basically it. I want to do an epic suicide (mostly cause of my perfectionism) that'll hopefully get my story out and prompt changes in my society. I guess it's the best way to go out. So don't try to talk me down cause it won't work. 

And yes, I thought about inducing brain death so that all my organs can be donated. Like go to the ER, shoot myself in the head &gt; they move me to ICU &gt; confirm brain death &gt; read the consent letter for donation hung around my neck &gt; donate organs. But unfortunately, no guns here. it's even hard to get air-rifles. So that plan's a bust. So is planning another one. Hope all goes as planned. 

Seeya guys. Keep helping people in need. Goodbye :)