Someone please help meMy girlfriend just broke up with me today. She says its not me and that im amazing but she cant live a monogomous lifestyle. I cant help but feel like i did something wrong even though I didnt. I was amazing to her and did everything for her. She was the one for me. 

I have no real friends that I talk to, besides my one long time friend whom i message or get a snap from once in a great while. My life is plain and boring. I work at a golf course persuing the pga, however i hate the industry and hate dealing with people. But its the only career i have ever known and it has been thrust upon me forever. 

I live with my mom and her husband. They are really nice and make good money that they dont mind giving me some of if i need it, or they like to buy me things and pay for stuff for me and buy me food and let me live here rent free at 22. 

But I dont love them. I dont love anyone. I thought i loved my girlfriend. I thought i loved golf. I thought I was a great person. I try to be. I try to be the best that I can be. Im nice. I always smile and joke around. But im empty inside. I smoke weed every chance i get because it makes me even more numb and apathetic than usual. 

I am never home at my moms cuz i always go out and smoke. Her husband doesnt like it at all, though my mom is open to the idea of pot. So i feel ostricized cuz i cant give it up because i cant face that my life is a mess. In going to get suspended from the pga cuz i dont wanna do it, I will probably lose my job cuz i wont be a pro anymore, and I just cant live with it, especially after losing her. She was the only one i talked to and confided in. She knows everything about me. As i do her. But i cant do this alone now. I cant feel this way anymore. 

I really want to kill myself. Ever since i lost my grandfather 8 years ago, i think, i havent been the same. Ive been just empty, cuz he was the guy id go to for everything. He was my favorite person. Everyone i love leaves me and i cant keep doing this. 

Someone please help me. I want to end this as painlessly as possible, as i cant do pain very well. Moreover it needs to be quiet and unnoticable, as idk where im going to do it but I would prefer it to not be interrupted. 

Mostly, I just want my family to understand why im doing this, because only my mom has ever seen this side of me, because I do so well hiding it at this point no doubt. Although, its hard for me to crack a smile nowadays and i just think its time. I know this is going to be hard for everyone that I love and I am so sorry to them. I just dont know that I can do this anymore. 

I just have noone. And i cant just have like a support group type of friend. I lead a professional life, so that would look strange. 

I read something about sleeping pills and i just want to do this. I need someone to help me pick the right ones. I dont really need a pep talk, just help with this. 