I'm only 16 and I know people have it worse but I've just been so unlucky my entire lifeSo I'm gonna explain why I think I'm unlucky. When I was 2 I had a strangulated hernia and had to be rushed to hospital, that happened again when I was 4, and when I was 12, in between 4 and 12 I was raped multiple times by a family member. I tried to put my past where it belongs (in the past) but I recently fell in love with a girl. This was one of those rare situations where I fell in love with her at first sight and she is wayyy out of my league but when I asked her out she said she's loved me since we met too. Well we're both good now we hang out all the time and our relationship is advancing. She keeps suggesting we should have sex because we're so close and we've been close multiple times but we're 16 and we're both still kids basically so we're nervous. Anyway we came reallllly close one time but I stopped because of one reason. As long as I can remember I've had bumps on my penis, I went to a doctor and he said it was normal, but I can't shake the feeling that this was the result of the events that happened early in my life. I've coming to the end of a legal month visit to see my mom in California, and I've started to notice I've been getting the same bumps on mouth. I can't bring myself to text my baby anymore.. cause what if I do have some sort of std? We both wanna have kids in our early 20s which is only a couple years away really so what am I gonna do??? I want to tell her about my past but nobody knows. Not even my parents. The only person I told was my friend, while it was still happening, and she helped me confront him and tell him if it happened again I would call the police, he hadn't visited me since. But I was young when I told her and I'd never tell anybody now that I'm older and grown to distrust everyone. I just wanna be a normal kid, I'm only 16 I just wanna live my life without worrying.. anyway the reason I'm posting this on suicidewatch is because my family has a history of everyone dying by suicide rather than natural causes. I just want help before I turn out like my relatives, ya know, 6ft under :/ anybody who took the time out of their day to read this and respond, thank you.