I don't think I can live in this world anymore.Hi all,

Over the past few weeks I have seriously felt like killing myself. I just can't seem to get out of this rut that I am in. I just want to die. I got fired from my job in May (which I totally take the blame for), my girlfriend of three years broke up with me in September and she hates me and I don't really know what I did wrong, all my friends are just not there for me and I am just about as lonely as one person can get. I can't for the life of me find a job, not even at a fucking McDonalds. I got rejected from three different jobs today, of which I thought I nailed two of the interviews. I miss being happy. I can't feel anything anymore. I'm emotionless. All I want to do is feel again. Something, anything and pain is the only thing I want to feel. I just imagine the knife going into my arm and how good that will feel. I just don't know what I am doing wrong in life. I'm only 23 and I shouldn't be feeling this way.

I want go to therapy and get on anti-depressants but I don't have insurance and really cannot afford to pay out of pocket for anything. I don't want to feel this way, I just want to be happy again. I miss everything my life used to be, I miss my ex and I don't know why she hates me. I miss my friends and I don't know why they avoid me. I want to move somewhere far away from this place but I just don't have the money to. I just want to get a job and save up and leave but I can't even seem to do that. I hate feeling so alone. I try to make new friends but the city I live in is so fucking small and closed minded its hard to meet people who are even willing to talk to you. I hate this so fucking much. I just want to text all my friends and tell them how much I love and I miss them but I know that they wouldn't respond and that would make me feel even worse. On top of that I can't really contact any of them because I deleted my facebook to avoid seeing my ex and my ex's mom shut off my phone earlier this week. I'm tired of trying so hard and not getting anywhere. It is so hard to wake up and start the day knowing I have nothing to do or give back. I am literally nothing. 

I hate myself so fucking much, I just don't want to feel this way anymore. Some days I don't even feel like I'm alive. I just feel empty. The first two months of this year have just flown by and I really don't know what I have done with all that time. I'm pathetic.