Others will be devastated - I don't careReally, I don't. Empathy is gone. I'm not even sure if the experience right now is of pain rather than of simple acceptance:

Lives cannot be saved, but only prolonged.

Death is the only true salvation. 

Or altered levels of dopamine, serotonin, norepinephrine, endorphins, oxytocin or some other neurotransmitter that regulates, and ultimately determines, mood.

What am I other than a product of intricate neural processes? An expression of biochemistry beggared for an explanation too complicated for the system itself to fully grasp? I do not have a soul; a unique presence in this universe. Self is an illusion. 

Life is imprisonment. Death is the only true freedom.

On the first and only "attempt" I made too much of a production of it. I tied up loose ends. And I underestimated the power of the state - I did not know of the laws that allowed for concerned individuals to call for my apprehension and admission to the nearest psychiatric ward. Now I do. Now I know what not to do. 

Throughout that entire fiasco not once did they ever confiscate my firearms license. I held on to it. I should have surrendered it while being "on the mend" yet chose not to despite the improvement in mood and positive step changes in my life.

And not once did I ever step back from the scene and say to myself "I am glad to be alive. Life is a gift. Life is precious" Not once. Despite moments of joy, connection and love not once have I ever felt my life to have any value.

And so I held onto that firearms license because at my very core, locked away in a tight neural network, is a resolve to end this life on my own accord, by my own hands, for no other reason than to prove to myself that I can.

Abandonment issues? Attachment issues? Repressed emotions? Unchallenged traumas?

Who knows.

I am moving towards the conditions necessary for my own demise: absence of empathy, clarity of mind and willful purpose.

That is until some shift in my delicate biochemical balance pulls me in another direction.

Who knows.

Death awaits us all. I just want to be the one who says "when".
