I probably won't do itI feel kind of bad posting here, since I haven't had a real attempt yet and probably won't do it. However I just struggle with thinking about suicide all of the time, and everyday for about four years now. In my teens I thought about suicide too, but I think I'm more suicidal now than I was in my teens. I think I wasn't as suicidal as a teenager because I had hope that things would get better after I got to college. I had trouble growing up because I got bullied a lot, and just generally treated like garbage at school. I had a really wonderful brother, sister, and father though, and I think that kept me going. I was able to hang out with my brother's and sister's friends, but I couldn't make any friends on my own. When I was at home I had trouble too because even though my dad was a nice alcoholic, he was still an alcoholic. That wasn't such a big deal though because he wouldn't do anything while drunk. It was mostly just that my mom, who is nice now, back then while growing up would scream at the family all of the time and have all of these paranoid thoughts. I was depressed the whole time I was growing up. Anyways, when I got to college I thought I would make friends and have a good time, but instead I developed psychosis and ruined every relationship I'd ever had or could have had, and dropped out of college with a mountain of debt. Once I was meds I was no longer experiencing psychosis, but i came back to reality realizing that I had destroyed all of my relationships and my life. I rebuilt a relationship with my dad and brother and sister,  but I know that everything I have I didn't earn. Ever since I have dropped out of the university I have thought about suicide every day, and my mom has changed to being really nice. I don't really know why she changed, but it might be because she is now on meds too now. I just feel like such a colossal failure as a Christian and according to the world. Since then I have been going to a community college, changed my major, and started working part time as an administrative assistant at my dad's firm. I feel like such a user. I'm constantly thinking about who is going to take care of me if I can't take care of myself. I didn't get a driver's license until I was 24 years old, and I only barely drive a few places after being shown by my family how to get there. I'm afraid of driving anywhere new by myself. I can't do it. I'm never going to accomplish anything in life if I can't drive. Life is so much better now than it used to be, I don't get bullied anymore, and my mom doesn't scream at us anymore, and my dad has been sober now for almost 6 months, but I still think about ending it all of the time. I see a psychologist and a psychiatrist too. I felt kind of ashamed but I had to tell my dad the other day to hide the tylenol so I didn't overdose on it at some point. I probably haven't offed myself yet because ever since I dropped out of college I've had this  deep fear that I'm going to hell when I die. I know that Jesus forgives and that according to Christianity people are saved by grace, but I just struggle with thinking that we are only forgiven as much as we forgive others, and I don't really forgive that easily, I just forget. I think most of the pain I feel comes from the inside, where I tell myself what a worthless failure I am and how I'm such scum. It's not like I haven't hurt other people along the way. I have, but I didn't go out of my way to hurt others, it's just sometimes I'm an inconsiderate a*s. I'm still haunted by times I caused pain in other people's lives and I forget about it until I have flashbacks throughout the day almost every day, then i forget again but feel the guilt. Everyone is telling me that I should be able to transfer to another four year university in a year or so to become an accountant, and everything looks like it is going to get better. My family even joined a church about a month ago or so and the people have been really welcoming, but I still just feel this pain all day, especially as I'm going to sleep at night, despite being on a bunch of antidepressants, and I'm just sick of trying anymore. I feel like such a hypocrite because I've spent time on this forum trying to talk others out of suicide whilst I fantasize about it constantly, and my life isn't even that bad. I wish I was a better, more successful person, and independent. I'm 26 years old and still living in my parent's basement. I know I have a lot to be thankful for but all I think about is wanting out and how I'm so done with life. 