My girlfriend tried to kill herself and now I want to leaveJust a heads up this is a throwaway account because I don't want people that know me irl to associate this post with me because I have only talked with my best friend about everything that happened.

Basically this weekend I pulled my girlfriend out of a homemade noose seconds before she kicked the chair out from under her. The only reason I was able to save her was because she texted me her suicide note before she got on the chair. I had recognized earlier in the day that something was up and was super vigilant. I checked my phone right when she texted me and was sprinting over to her room as fast as I could (we both live at the same college btw). 

After I had pulled her down we layed down on the floor of her room and she cried into my chest telling me she was so sorry and she felt like she had to do it. She then confessed that she has tried two other times (both before we started dating) but both times decided she didn't want to die and pulled herself back up. I was still in shock and semi speechless, I still kind of am, but after about 30 minutes we got her dressed because she decided that the best way to help get her mind off everything that happened was to go out with friends, so we did exactly that.   

We have only been dating for 6 months but this is the first girl I've dated that I believe I have actually loved. I just don't know what to do at this point and would just like to talk to people with similar experience and get some advice. 

What happened this weekend has really messed with me. I have been so stressed out because every time I am not with her i worry and I feel like I have to check on her every hour just to know that she is still alive. I have basically identified that I should also take my own mental health into consideration and I think that I want to leave her. I don't think I can continue to live worrying that every time she is not with me she is going to kill herself. I especially know that I would not be able to walk into that room one day and see her hanging and come out a mentally healthy person. It would break me. 

The worst part is that ever since it has happened she has been super lovey dovey with me and showering me with affection and I feel like the worst person in the world because I feel like I am just leading her on. I simply just don't know what to do. I do still love her, the stress and the worry is just to much to handle for me right now.

I just would really like some input and advice on the whole situation. If I do decide to breakup with her how do I ensure that she is not going to kill herself right away because I left? I feel awful and I feel like I'm betraying the girl I love. How do I try to help myself to make sure that this doesn't effect me more than it already has. 

I really appreciate all the support. This is a really confusing time for me. Also sorry if this post is hard to read, my brain is kind of a jumbled mess right now, I feel like ever since everything happened I have not been able to think straight.