I want to go to sleep tonight and not wake upI've been having suicidal thoughts off and on for more than the past year. They are raging lately. I've posted before about things I'm going through in other subreddits. Basically am married but separated, fucked up big time because I was so self-centered, obsessive/compulsive and abusive to my wife and son (not physically but other ways). So full of self-hate and regret. Working on making changes to my attitude and behaviour. I want reconciliation so badly but my wife doesn't trust me now. I'm also Christian. I failed God, my wife, and my son because I had my head so far up my own ass that I couldn't see anything going on around me, nor did I care to. I hate myself and what I've done.

I'm so afraid my wife is going to shut the door on reconciliation. I can't live with this failure, or the fact I caused her and my son such pain and a broken family. I so desperately want to die. I've wanted to die for a while but the feelings of actually wanting to make it happen subsided for awhile but they're back.

Oh and I'm also unemployed, worked in high tech and we all know how unstable things are these days. Can't find another job, nor am I motivated to right now with all the other stuff going on.

I have a bottle of rye and about a half bottle of sleeping pills. I'm seriously thinking of starting to drink tonight while watching TV and taking the pills before I go to bed. I want to go to sleep and not wake up. I can't deal with the pain and the failure. I've ruined my wife and son's lives already. If I'm out of the picture she can move back with my son to her family.

I know this would devastae my family (mom, dad, sisters...). And I've got my little boy who used to think I HATED him because I yelled at him all the time. I was a shit father. I've always loved him and my wife. I was selfish and stupid.

I feel nauseous and scared that I am seriously contemplating doing this. The thought of taking those pills scares me. The thought of continuing to live scares me too. I feel trapped.


I can't deal with all this pain. I don't know what the hell to do.