I wished my daughter a beautiful lifeIt’s been a long... life?  
But I don’t even care to mention my whole life, I care about tonight. 

I have severe anxiety, severe to the point of being unable to go to my job that i work from my garage kind of anxiety , its everyday of my life everyday to some extent but sometimes, a couple of times a month I guess, it’s more than rehabilitating- it’s killing me. 

I know though, that If I miss one more day of said job I will be written up. 

Today I was plastered with anxiety and my wife and I have been having major problems for at least a year, and it’s really hard to ask for help bla a bla well I asked my wife if I could had a hug before I started work, she didn’t know I asked until it was to late and it turned into this really big fucking deal and all about the shittythings I do and if only if only I didn’t do this this and this then maybe just maybe I would be better off. 

Stupid ass reason to fight but here we are.
She told me she wanted to just give me a hug and make everything ok and went on and on and on about all but’s and reasons why she can’t just give me a hug and make it all ok- she always has to talk shit to me and so much shit I can’t even take in as many words as she spits out. 

Well, I ignore her messages while I’m working and she basically said that because I’m ignoring her because she is unsure if we’re just gonna fight when I get off work that she doesn’t want to stay home tonight and that’s she’s going to take my daughter to a hotel for the night. 

She always takes my daughter , it’s always me being left which further reinforces my loneliness and bullshit. 

I’m off work in less than hour wife quickly packed their bags and left. 
Made sure I told my daughter good night and as I scooped her up when she ran to me , I wished and hoped that she has a beautiful life. A beautiful wonderful life - God. That’s all I want, and I really always thought I would give that to her, I’m not sure how it got to this moment so fucking quickly I thought we were doing better,  and now I’m just plastered with this anxiety and I’m shaking with.... grief... because I know I just know 


I can’t continue this way. I feel blindsighted but this night that doesn’t feel like my life because I have been so on the up and up lately but yet it’s so fucking familiar and ... I remember. I have nothing. 
I have always had nothing. Maybe I can stop fighting that and just let it be where it is. Maybe that’s ok, and the only one with a problem with that is me and I should just l let it go . 

I just wanted to feel supported. I just wanted a hug. I didn’t want the pages and pages of texts of shit I just wanted to feel like I’m safe 

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. 