I'm not a good person and I don't deserve to be hereI go online sometimes and read other people's suicidal and depressive thoughts and experiences and I don't understand them. It's so fucked up. I don't want to minimise anybody's problems, we all have problems and they're all valid but it's like...I feel like mine are so much bigger than most.

I'm really, really fucked up. I've been abused to a degree that I don't think most people comprehend and I'm not the person I was before. I'll never get that person back no matter what they prescribe to me, or if I self medicate, or go to therapy or whatever else. Everybody's trynna fix the unfixable.

I'm a piece of shit. The only thing that makes me feel better about my abuse is to engage in consensual abusive role-play. It makes me feel good because it's my choice and it's with another consenting adult and so it almost makes me feel like I'm taking some sort of power back or telling myself it wasn't a big deal cas here I am choosing to engage in this but it's not, it's fucked.

People act like they have to spend a lifetime searching for their purpose when it's been staring me in the face for the longest time. I think I was put here to be raped. I really do. It's all I'm good for and it's all I'll ever amount to.

I feel dirty and used and it's a slap in the face to other people who have been abused. I want to die and I want to scream and I want my rapist to die. I wish I could kill him.

I wish I could torture him.

He destroyed me. I had everything I could want. A solid foundation. I was gonna make something of myself.

And now I'm just living in a never-ending nightmare cycle of fucking shit and I'm this fucking burden on everyone because who wants a pathetic, weak, stupid low life around?

I can't even use the bathroom without having a mental breakdown anymore because I hate being aware of my asshole. I know that sounds weird but it's true, I can't even think about it or talk about it. I just remember wiping blood off myself all the time and just sitting there wishing I was dead.

How do you go on after that? Oh hi guys I let myself get fucking raped all the time because I didn't want people to think I failed at a relationship. Well I did. I fucking failed. Every step of the way I failed and all this bullshit people say on TV about how it's not our fault and we're good people it's all fucking shit. Shut the fuck up. You don't know me. Maybe other people are good but I'm not. And actually who are these good people? Where were they when their kitchen lights came on across the road and I knew it was because they could hear me scream when he brutalised my body? Did they call anyone? Did they come to fucking help me? No. Nobody fucking did anything and neither did I.

We're all a bunch of fucking vermin.
We're all so concerned with our own shitty lives.
We're all raped and we're all dying and there's nothing else.

I'm sorry. I just wanted to scream into a void about it all. I'm probably gonna delete this soon. I'm stupid and I don't think things through. My mind is in a state of chaos and panic right now. I want to fight. I want to fucking go to his house and bash his head repeatedly until it's just a fucking ball of bloody meat. I want him to fucking scream. Like he made me scream. I want it. I want to die and hear his screaming on a loop in hell and hear nothing else forever. I fucking hate him so much.

I hope you read this somehow.
I hope you know how evil you fucking are.
I hope you feel all this pain one day.

Remember when you'd get off on my screams? Remember how I'd do it for you cas I just wanted it to be over? And then I stopped because you don't get to fuck someone and have it your way and you hated it. You hated that I taught myself not to scream anymore. How do you fucking sleep at night? HOW DO YOU FUCKING SLEEP AT NIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I'm already dead. What's the difference, you know? Being here, not being here. Who gives a fuck.