Long Sob Post is LoooooooongI started writing this post two days ago but about an hour into writing, I felt so much better that I decided not to post. My thoughts weren't too well organized on the matter either so it was good I waited. Simply put, I don't see any reason to continue living. With a few short exceptions, my life has been unhappy for as long as I remember. 

My childhood seemed normal (as does anyone's to themself). I seemed to do well in school and had good friends until about 4th grade. I realize now that things started to shift a bit around that time. I changed schools, presenting me with a new group of peers who were not usually kind to me. I have never been particularly emotionally mature for my age and at that age I was short and weak. I have a particular memory of a friend bringing a bb gun to school and chasing me around the grounds shooting me with plastic BB's. The grounds were large and the administration lax so this kind of behavior went unnoticed. In junior high, in a different school, I was always the odd person out. My parents were poor (really just horrible at money management though I've never discovered the reason) and we went to a rich church and school. I was generally looked down on for my poor sense of style (turtleneck and polar fleece vest? sounds good to me.) and inability to be cool. This continued into high school, though my style improved somewhat. I'm getting ahead of myself though. By eigth grade, my parent's marriage had deteriorated badly. As I see it, there was equal fault on both sides. I have a particularly vivid memory of my dad chasing me around the house with a carving knife, trying to stab me. After the divorce, everything changed. We moved across the state, from the city to a dirt road in the middle of nowhere. I switched schools twice in two years. Friends I had known forever I never saw again. My mom married her high school boyfriend who had basically been part of the family for several years. Oddly enough, the worst part was my cat dying. He had had to go with my dad when we moved, which I still think was unfair. He was a family cat but he really was mine. I fed him, scooped him, bathed him (he enjoyed this for some reason - crazy cat). Whenever I would sit down, he would automatically curl up in my lap. He would frequently sneak into my room at night and sleep on my bed even though he wasn't allowed upstairs. It was soul crushing when my dad called me and told me that he had died. I went to college, which is where I am now. I had an amazing freshman year that through a combination of overwork, family trouble, and isolation from friends, slid downhill into three years of solitary hell. 

As far as love is concerned, there is none. I've had plenty of chances for sex and relationships. The former I have somehow completely avoided due to a combination of obliviousness and lack of self confidence. The latter is more difficult. There have been several girls I have been close to and who have confessed being attracted to me and who I felt and still feel a deep longing for. It seems though that whenever we get close, I automatically run. I just feel that they're better off without me and frankly that I don't really deserve to be in a relationship. I'm just not the type of person that others can be happy around. When one girl admitted liking me, I stopped texting and calling her and avoided her completely without explanation. I recognize that this is unfair and feel very guilty about it. The girl I have a crush on right now works with me. We were both working today and were on break at the same time. There were about four people in the break room sitting together and laughing. When I walked in, I stopped for a second and thought "you should go sit with them" but immediately realized that they were having a good time and it would be unfair to spoil it with my presence. I spent the rest of my break thinking about how stupid I was for not sitting with them.

Over break, I was supposed to be applying to grad schools. I did not. Didn't really see the point. I tried to kill myself several times by jumping in front of trains but couldn't do it because I kept thinking about how it isn't fair to put a conductor through that just because my life sucks. The downside is that I'm still here and basically have nothing in the future. There's one grad school that I can still apply to but I have a feeling that I won't get in. If that's the case, there's nothing for me. I don't want to stay in the town where I go to school - hate this town. I can't move back home due to general family suckage as well as being an atheist political science major among hardcore christian glenn beck fans. The part time job I have while in school will not be enough to pay rent. Basically, I'm going to see if I get into grad school and if I don't, I'm out.

I read this post on 4chan a few months ago and it really stuck with me.
"How are you so fucking bad at life? Imagine you're playing an online videogame. There's always that one kid who has the lowest score, but always thinks he's doing everything correctly. He blames his team mates, he blames the map, he blames the game - but the idea that his bad score could be his fault never even occurred to him. It's beyond his comprehension, it simply doesn't fit into his perception of the world." 
That's basically me. I'm really not good at life and I think it's time I accepted that it's time to stop playing the game.