Hopeless situation?I want to start off by stating English isn’t my first language. Please excuse any any grammatical/spelling errors I may make.

So I don’t really know how to start this story. It’s long and complicated, but I’ll keep short and to the point. It’s about how I got to my current hopeless situation, which I don’t seem able to get out of.

It started a few years back. I was hanging with friends as usual, nothing out of the ordinary, except my “friends” weren’t really great people. These guys would constantly taunt and make fun of my appearance. Sometimes they would go as far as physically attacking me. Whenever I told to stop, they just would continue, laughing at how pathetically weak I was.

Eventually I had enough, and decided being antisocial is much better than hanging out with my asshole “friends” (in hindsight, that was a terrible decision). And by antisocial I really mean antisocial. Like I would come from school and play video games till the next day. That’s essentially how I lived for a few years. The end result was me developing extreme social anxiety as well many other diseases, both physically and mentally.

Pretty sure I’m also mentally ill. Like actually crazy. Basically, I talk to myself all the time, and I laugh like a crazy person and make weird gestures, for absolutely no reason. Don’t know what’s wrong with me honestly. Maybe my childhood PTSD coupled with my teenage problems fucked up my brain?

Right now I’m suffering physically. My IBS has destroyed me completely. The doctor I go to thinks my IBS is nothing to be afraid of. I disagree but it doesn’t matter. So now I have to suffer mentally and physically, as well as socially. Life doesn’t feel good, to say the least 

There’s nothing that makes more mad than waking up in the morning. People have dreams and goals everyday waiting to be fulfilled. I, on the other hand, wake up everyday to a day of misery; constantly suffering while doing the same things as the day before.
  
The worst part about my situation is the feeling of nothingness. Wanting to strive for the better everyday but easily I give up. My mind and body have given up on me. I see everyone and everything through a blurry vision—and my mind is foggy, can’t comprehend the simplest things—everyday I struggle trying not to die 

