I am 17, and I've been through an emotional rollercoaster over the span of just over a week.This is something I wrote for myself 20 minutes ago, I do not expect it to make sense but this is just what I wrote out, I need help.

This all took began just a few days before new years eve.

The one person who I'd thought I'd always be able to talk and confide in is now back in the same pit as everyone else, 2018 is fucked hate my life, and just really want to die at this point. God, or whatever is there, please, kill me. Cause you showed your hand, I Ask for a simple little fucking sign to tell me my life will turn around, but I don't get that, instead, I just try and pass time that seems completely meaningless and I just want to fucking die. I lost the love of my life and at the same time my best friend, whether or not she believed she was is a different matter but to me, she was my best friend and now it is just fucking pain. I can't hang out with either of my best friends cause all I get is pain, I can't chat to any of my friends because I all get is pain, I can't fucking live anymore because all I feel, is pain, and regret. Regret because I didn't do everything I could to try and salvage what was so important to me. I'm a fucking failure and I don't see a point as to why I should move on in a world where all I feel is pain. I can't talk to anyone because they all say "it'll pass." But I feel like I lost my soul mate and everyone's "help" just really does nothing.

My girlfriend of 1 1/2 years told me she was starting to have feelings for my best friend.

She told him so she could be honest with him and herself.

My best friend told me that he had feelings for my girlfriend.

I told my girlfriend this knowing it would come out eventually at any rate.

After 3 days of her deciding she chose me, saying she still loved me.

That night, as we were going to sleep, my girlfriend and we were chatting over the phone when she says, she doesn't love me as much as she used to anymore. The same day.

The next day we had planned to go to a party, we went and we talked about us. She didn't love me as much as she used too but was confused so she wanted a break from us.

After about a day or two she was starting to feel really upset, I chatted with her about it and discovered that she was feeling less upset about us breaking up than she was just feeling pain and sadness for how much she thought she was hurting me with everything. 

Realising this, I got really hurt and upset, but I told her I think that what she feels gives her what she needed to know about us and we broke up. 
We never had a perfectly smooth relationship but I never really expected this. 

This all took place between a few days before new years and two days ago. Today (8/1/2018) I've dug holes in my leg using my nail, had suicidal thoughts, I've looked over my balcony and thought instead of the height, but instead of whether it’d do the job, I felt like I was no longer in control of my body, and just genuinely wanted to die. 

I am 17 years old and I feel like in just over a week I've had enough emotional pain for a lifetime. I know a lot of people have shit a lot worse than me but that doesn't stop this from hurting. I have a loving family, go to a good school and have nothing else really down about my life that isn’t out of my control (weight). I shouldn’t want to kill myself but I can’t really see a better future for myself.

Edit: Looking at other posts is making me realise more that other people need more help than I do, but if someone is willing to spare some time to help me, thank you.
