the feelings of a suicidal 16 year old: an essayto introduce myself, i’m a 16 year old FtM trans male from america. my name is reece. i’m really sorry if this is an inappropriate place to put all of this. i guess my logic is if i do end up going through with suicide it’ll be nice to have some trace of my story on the internet. 

january of this year (about 7 months ago) i counted out 41 extra strong acetaminophen pills and downed them. i took the pills, layed down, and slept. i woke up a few hours later and vomited all over my floor. i went to my mom and told her and she made me clean it up. fair enough i guess.
the next few days were hell but i don’t remember much from them. i was so ashamed of myself that i didn’t mention the overdose to ANYONE until 3 days later. my parents thought i had a stomach bug because i kept throwing up. i hoped it would just pass over. i was delirious and eventually called myself in to the doctors on the third day. i told my doctor what i did and i was sent to the hospital. i had a few bags of n-acetyl put in my veins through iv for the next few days and i felt a lot better physically. i went to the mental hospital with all the other kids 12-18 and i left a week later. my liver is completely destroyed.

and now it’s august and i really wish i could say i learned my lesson. but i’m thinking about it and i really, really wish i hadn’t told my doctor about the acetaminophen at all. it would have just been a few more days. i feel so cowardly.

im so fucking pathetic. this keeps happening. i hate myself.
or maybe i dont really feel that way. who knows. maybe im subconsciously pushing feelings onto myself. well that just doesnt make any sense  either. i feel such pressure to know and understand myself and what i do that i need to backtrack every three seconds and make clarifications for statements that arent even important. i hate the idea of not knowing how i really feel. but i do know for sure that the world would be better without me in it. maybe thats why i strangely like feeling sad. its the one feeling i know is really mine. or not. who knows. i need to know my own mind so bad that i want to keep every statement about myself ambiguous just in case i’m wrong so i at least can assure myself i understand things from every angle. and me putting that acknowledgment into words just brings another layer of self knowledge induced desperation. and now ive written so much about just that. 

i wasnt lying before though. i know whats best for the people in my life. ive hurt people. i really loved them just like how i love my friends now. whats to say thats not going to happen again?
but i cant say that to them. i really would love to go into my friend groupchat and say i need some time to myself and say i know everybody would be better without me but think about how shitty that would be. then theyd feel pressure to lie. theyd feel responsible for my mental state. i just cant have anyone seeing me like that.

this is what has happened my entire life. i get to know people and i love them and they keep on getting hurt. and i know its shitty to acknowledge that fact without trying to change. and i do feel like ive changed a lot from the person i was years ago but i need to realize that the person i was years ago is just me from the past. aka i am still that person. its the same reece. i did that. theres no going back.

id love to post this rant onto my twitter that all my friends follow me on. i dont know why. well, i kind of do. the idea of making my loved ones worry about me brings me a lot of comfort. i guess because it shows they do care at least in that moment. i love and hate the idea of being worried about. i love the reassurance that people care, but i hate that i have to inconvenience them like that. i worry way too much about people though. maybe its not an inconvenience at all. maybe no one cares. i feel really ashamed to admit all of this, but i’m opening up completely right now. 

this is hell. i know if you’re over 18 and you have to pay taxes or something you’re probably thinking to yourself “well you’re a kid you have nothing to worry about!”, and i really wish you were right. i haven’t had a night in the past 5 years where i haven’t thought about ending my life violently. 
my mom has abused me my entire life, and no i don’t mean she just uses heavy discipline. i feel like words of younger people on the internet are heavily dissected and the same conclusion is always made: we are overreacting! my mom used to beat me. yes, really! my mom doesn’t let me eat entire meals sometimes! yes, really! i’m sorry i’ve been focusing so heavily on my age. i’m just really used to not being taken seriously because of it. 

i really wish i had a hurrah moment where i realized life was actually something to keep as long as you can. i still want to kill myself so, so badly. but to be honest, life really is beautiful to me. i know a suicidal person saying life is beautiful is really contradictory, and i can’t really explain it either! but i really do think humans are born good. have you ever seen videos of baby lions, monkeys, etc raising their children? theyre so naturally caring and nurturing. no one ever told these animals to be caring and selfless! but they do it anyway. i think humans are the same way. we are living creatures just like the rest of the world. we show affection by wrapping eachother in our arms! we are all so loving. and it just comes instinctively. it’s beautiful to me. 

but i still want to die. i still know that i’m a hindrance on everyone in my life. it just doesn’t make any sense. and i don’t know why i’m posting all of this onto reddit. like i said before: i am a thinker! i need to know exactly why i say what i say and do what i do or else i panic. 
i feel empty. i have deep rooted trauma. i’m too self aware. my friends are all incredible people that i don’t deserve. i feel ugly. my gender dysphoria is crippling. i am not a good person. 

i just want a hug from one of my parents. they’ve both hurt me but i know being abused runs in the family. theyre both complex people with complex pasts. i know they were doing what they thought were best for me. my mom is a beautiful woman and my dad is a very smart man. but all my mom does is get high in her room. all my dad does is sit in his office doing his computer science work. i know they have their own lives. i just wish they were there for me. i love them so much. i just really want to feel loved back.

thank you for reading, if you’ve gotten this far. i hope you are doing okay. this thread is for other people like me, after all. i hope if you’re feeling suicidal that you feel genuine warmth and love one day. i really do mean it. i know if i wasn’t me and i read those words, i’d dismiss it as bullshit, but i mean it.