I actually feel "alright", but thats not enough....Well the past year has been going quite well from the outside for me. Ive started leaving the house pretty much daily for some social interaction, struggling with if ofc. Seeing a (therapist?) for organising and general stabilization. 

People are telling me "you are on a good way" etc. etc. But...am i? im 20 years old, having problems coming to a week reflection thing with like 3 other people. Like suure im going to be a functioning member of society at like what? 30 years old?? And how should i know if i even find something i can do for over an hour at a time without literally thinking about dying.

Worst part is, im hoping to get into a bad hole again so i can actually get over myself and try the you know what again. Fuck dude back in the dark times, around 2-3 years ago i felt like shit. Im going to be honest here, it was awful. But its still bad today, even when i dont want to run infront of a train all the time. I fucking scarred myself too, stubidly at that time like "UUH DUUH ill neever forget how shitty life was with this" and now i got something to feel bad about everytime i look at my arm. Im kind of getting mad at me here too, right now im weak, not collected and am paranoid about what i say to not alert anyone to what i want to do. I dont know, need to rant, so ill just write what comes into me head. 

Alright. I dont have a goal, i hear what other people say to me.."Maybe a rehab is good for you beacuse this and that" and im like YEAH hell yeah, that doctor knows what hes talking about! Lets just do that! And ofc its not what i wanted. Because i dont want anything but sit at home and do nothing. Oh woops thats not enjoyable too, who would have guessed!

Maybe i just want to do what other expect me to do, find out its not fulfilling, break down, seek help, and repeat. Looking to spend money to find something to do, and then feeling bad about spending the low amount i have. Atleast im living at home still, which soon isnt the case anymore too. I want to travel i guess, but for stupid reasons. Yeee you guessed it...:s Cant let anyone think im trying to hurt myself eh because it might have permanent repercussions.
I wouldnt say im at risk right now. But what my first (and only) attempt showed me is that i could have done it, without any feeling attatched to it. I was lying in the grass at night, just waiting like "so whats next". Stupid me thought like "NOW I CAN DO WHAT I WANT HAHAHA" felt like the king of the world and called a friend. Told him what i did, taking all these meds. And back then...i was just trying to hurt that person. I feel sick about that right now still. Like what the fuck, why would i call someone basically telling them that im going to pass in a hour or so, and just try to waste their already low battery life so they couldnt call for help. Suprise they called the police. Followed by the worst 2-3 (cant remeber) days of my life, spazzing, chained to a bed in the hospital, crying and screaming, not being able to control movement. Even after that moment i couldnt tell the docs that i didnt regret doing that one bit and that i would try again when the time comes. I feel like i just dont fit, feels like im in the wrong universe.
Whew, i could write so much more but thats it for now. Peace and stay strong! Ill be here for maybe another 30 mins before bed.