I'm afraid to do it, but there isn't another way out.I've had this feeling for many years. Since early on, I've had health-related issues. First I had urinary infections when I was a few months old, something that left me with one more or less healthy kidney. Nothing too problematic other than the occasional urinary infection. But in my childhood, I started to notice I was...slower than the others. Difficulties with coordination, reaction time, attention span, etc. I've always had this. I still have it. And it's awful, it led to nothing but failures and being generally maladaptive. I realize these are symptoms of Inattentive ADHD, but I brought it up with several doctors and psychiatrists and they basically discard the idea because I've had decent grades. Because despite all this I mentioned, I have a pretty good memory and I can recall a lot of things someone says if I'm paying attention. I can't learn to drive or do tasks that requires heavy planning or coordination and I have a hard time time communicating with other people and feeling pleasure but I can recall stupid, irrelevant details and daydream until the death of the world...

But the thing that is making me consider this as the only way out is another.

Around 2-3 years ago, I started having digestive problems (intestinal)...and it has been hell. On the surface, regular doctors would just say it's chronic constipation. But it's a lot more than that. The bloating and the difficulty passing gas are far worse. The joint pain and muscle weakness is terrible, my stamina is at an all-time low and I get exhausted very easily. I tend to have a lot of headaches and my coordination and focus are worse than ever before. I had brain fog before, but this is much worse. I have back pain due to all the gas and feel discomfort all over. I'm always exhausted. I'm 25 years old, still live with my mother and her boyfriend, but that isn't even the worst part. It's not being able to do anything, to help with anything, to mess up at simple tasks because my brain doesn't function properly. And this powerlessness...this feeling of uselessness...it has been going on for too long. I've underwent several exams, i.e. colonoscopies, an endoscopy, an MRI, stool and blood tests, ultrasounds, etc...and nothing can be found. So doctors just blame it on anxiety and mental health...for something so painful and that has been going for over 2 years with no interruptions or changes. I don't even have a proper diagnosis or a name that I can at least justify to my immediate family. So for the rest of them...it's all in my head. And I can't prove it. I'm too broke to go to a private doctor. But even then...I doubt they could even find anything. There aren't even signs of inflammation in the intestines, which would at least be something. I'm tired of being a useless thing around the house. I've always been useless and things won't change now. I'm tired of being a living carcass that lives in pain everyday without any explanation. This problem isn't going away anytime soon. I've tried to find the cause or at least a remedy to ease the symptoms, but I couldn't find them. I'm afraid to do it, and to be honest, some days I'm too exhausted to go somewhere where I can actually do it (there aren't a lot of sufficiently tall yet accessible places so I'd have to go somewhere else somewhat far way). I can't think of any other proper methods in these circumstances. But this has to end. I wish I could die in my sleep, but that obviously isn't an option, and neither is a gun, unfortunately. Sorry for the disjointed rant.