Just a piece of shitI'm 32 and I have had 3 serious relationships in my life. My first one started at 17, and went through 28. I was diagnosed with bpd and bipolar disorder at the age of 12, and it caused a lot of problems in my relationships in regards to my being insecure and jealous.  We ended up getting married,  but 2 years after we got married I left because my husband was constantly on dating websites which he said he did because I was jealous and nagged at him. 
  My second relationship was awful,  I'm pretty sure he has NPD. We started as open, but he constantly cheated on me, then he would claim it was my fault because I was insecure. He also got fired 6 months into our relationship for constantly being late to work every day, which led to me (and his mom) financially supporting him. I finally got tired of the lying, cheating,  and being used.
  Now I'm with a great guy,  and I can't help but feel like I'm fucking up again and I can't deal with it.  We've been together since August 2018, and I moved in with him last August. We had known each other since 07, him and his ex were friends with my ex husband and I,  so we know each other pretty well.  When we started dating we discussed having kids (he has 2 from his marriage), and in November I got pregnant.  It was my first pregnancy and I was absolutely over the moon. We planned it so we found out very early,  about 3 weeks in. Literally the day after we found out,  I got a call saying my mom was sick. I was worried she was going to lay in her bed and die, so against my better judgment, I told her the news, and since I told her, might as well tell everyone else.  Well fast forward to 4 days before my first ultrasound and I start spotting.  Everyone said it was normal,  but I was worried.  The day before,  I started bleeding heavier, and I knew in my heart something was wrong.  We went in the next day and the screen on the machine was empty and the doctor told us it was a blighted ovum.  I was devastated.  That was January 29th. I had a d&amp;c the next day.  Ever since then, I'm so easily irritated and I have no patience.  I feel like I can't do anything right.  I used to love to cook but now I worry my boyfriend hates everything I make. We talked last night and he basically said he thinks I'm not happy and I hate him. I told him I feel like he hates me. 
In addition to all of this, my dad verbally abused me regularly because he gifted me a car 3 years ago that he bought for his girlfriend who later dumped him. I'm in no position to buy myself a vehicle so I just have to take it. He went off on me yesterday because he didn't like my tone when he made fun of me for making a frozen pizza for dinner. Started telling me I'm a piece of shit and ungrateful and that I can just pay for my car and he's fucking done with me etc. 

I just feel like a worthless piece of shit.