I don't know what's stopping me. It all seems so logical.I've been battling depression since I was 14 years old (I'll be 30 next month). I've seen numerous therapists and psychiatrists, taken nearly every antidepressant under the sun, and was even hospitalized for 6 days back in 2004 (nervous breakdown--no suicide attempt, but I was very strongly considering it).

I can't say that therapy and antidepressants are completely useless, but no matter what I do or who I talk to I just can't shake this feeling that life is essentially pointless, I'm a failure as a [fill in the blank - girlfriend, wife, mother, student, worker, human being], and suicide really is the only way out, the only way that my constant feelings of worthlessness, guilt, and generally being overwhelmed will ever go away.  If I'm just going to feel this way for the rest of my life, even if it's only periodically, then what's the point in going on?

I'm now underwater on my mortgage.  A little over a year after we bought our house my employer cut my salary by 15%, making it incredibly difficult to keep up on bills.  I work full time and am in school, but I can't seem to find the energy or focus for schoolwork, and it feels like I'll never finish my degree.  My husband refuses to help out by finding a job suitable for supporting a family (he drives a taxi 3 nights a week and makes barely over minimum wage--I've been practically begging him to find a different job for at least 4 years), so it's all on me to work the job that pays the bills and gives us health insurance.  

I also have a chronic condition which causes me to be exhausted and in widespread physical pain nearly every day.  While it isn't a progressive illness, there is no cure, and I'll likely have to deal with it for the rest of my life.

It seems to me that none of this is going to get better.  We can't expect to sell our house any time soon.  The price we pay for everything is going up while wages are staying stagnant (or in my case, going down).  We can't seem to save money for anything--retirement, education, or even a rainy day.  I'm tired and in pain constantly, and I don't know how much longer I'll actually be able to be a productive worker.  The future just looks bleak.

It just makes sense for me to end it now. Why continue to wallow in misery for decades on end when I have a choice in the matter?  I'll no longer be a burden to my friends and family--they won't have me to worry about anymore.  I won't have the opportunity to screw my daughter up; I really do think she'd be better off without me, and since she's still very young she probably won't remember me anyway.  My husband will get a chance to start over with someone who's not so fucked in the head.  And I won't have to worry, be in pain, or feel absolutely hopeless and lost ever again.

It's been 15+ years already, and this desire hasn't gone away.  What could possibly make me think that it ever will?  How is it that I should feel hopeful when wherever I look, I just see everything getting worse?

I want out, and I just don't see a way out if I'm still alive.