Trying to make a plan to end itToday is the last day I’ll see my boyfriend. He is leaving me. He walked out on me 11 days ago and is coming back today because I asked him for help. He doesn’t know I’m suicidal and he will just judge me if I tell him. I can’t live like this anymore. Everyone I love leaves me. And I don’t love the way normal people do. I don’t just get over it. I was already depressed and this is my final limit here. I don’t like anything. I don’t like music or movies or hobbies. My job is fine but not enough to keep living for. I have a friend but she isn’t enough to live for either. The only thing that stops me is hurting my dad. I don’t think he’d get over it. But maybe he could. Maybe I could beg him to just let me go. 

We had this huge life together, me and my boyfriend. He treated me like I was the most valuable thing in existence. The love was deeper than I thought possible. I used to think I was dreaming. This man came in my life after searching for me for years, he did everything possible to be with me and when he got me he couldn’t shut up about how happy I made him and how nobody had it as good as he did. It was truly a different kind of love.  But nobody believes me when I say that. I’m in my 30’s. I know better by now. And nobody gets it because nobody has had it that good like I did. 

Things happened. Bad things. I lost a pregnancy. His mom died. We fell into a rut. We got into financial problems.  It got hard. He stopped cherishing me. I got complacent. He got mean. 

And then. One day. He told me he didn’t love or want me. And I couldn’t believe it and I fought so hard for him and he stayed. He left a month later, the day after thanksgiving dinner with my father. 

I got angry. He swore he’d fix everything and he was just giving me space. He promised he’d do things to fix the damage. But he didn’t. And then when I asked him to come back, he said he was just lying about fixing it. And that if he came back he’d be a prisoner to me and that he’d just be faking it and would cheat on me. He screamed at me and said all of his promises in the beginning changed and that it’s stupid to believe a promise. 

He says he puts everything before him and he can’t do it anymore. That isn’t true but he thinks it is and I guess perception is reality. 

I live in a very gun friendly state. I would like to get off this ride. I’m over being here. I don’t belong here. My emotions aren’t right for this world. I don’t feel the way other people do. I am not a social outcast or depressed for no reason. I am attractive and sexual and funny and I know how to make friends and keep a decent job. That just makes it worse. Because I know going out and making friends and doing hobbies and sleeping around won’t help. My depression is because of things that happen that I can’t change. It’s not just a general sadness I can’t define and could therefore remedy or medicate. There’s no cure for being hurt by someone you trusted. No way out. No way out. 

I just want to stop hurting. Now he’s made it so even if he comes back, it can never be like it was. And I’m done being hurt. I’m just scared of killing myself. But if I don’t, I will die anyway. I don’t eat or drink. I can’t pay the rent here alone. I would probably just get into hard drugs until I just overdose. I would rather not suffer that way before I die and have to think about how happy he is and how he’s sleeping with other “people.”  

I just can’t. Is it okay to just go? It’s okay to die if you want, right?