I'm doneI can't take it anymore. I feel so isolated.

I'm currently attending a top tier college. People say I have the body of a supermodel, and the hair of a supermodel. However, my face makes people want to throw up. 

It sounds silly, but it's so painful because I am reminded how awful my face is everywhere I go. People wince whenever I turn around. Women who I'm out with are constantly getting hit on, while I am being shunned, avoided, and straight up ignored as the ugly friend. Men will come to us, and ask for all their names, and conveniently skip me. Men will always try to leave me out of the conversation. Most people don't want to be my friend. I run triathlons which run over 50 miles, so I'm physically very fit, and most people think I'm really funny and cool, but with men, I can't even get my foot into the door because of my awful face. My efforts aren't worth anything to anyone.

One time, when I went to a party, a guy touched my shoulder, and I turned around, and he gagged. Another time,  I was walking down the street, and all the women walking in front of me were getting catcalled by a bunch of creeps, and when I walked past, they just called me nasty. I've never gotten catcalled in my life. I still struggle to understand how women are so insulted by strangers calling them beautiful, because I would die for such compliments.

Most people complain of their friends pressuring them to go out to bars to often. Nobody ever pressures me to go out, and even females always decline my requests to go out for fun. I just go out to restaurants by myself, go to bars by myself, get myself drunk, and then play beer pong with myself all alone in my apartment because I have no one to play with. I overheard my roommate my freshman year of college saying that if she wasn't a pretty girl, and looked more like me, she would have huge self esteem issues.

Men at school always assume I'm flirting with them, because I'm ugly and they are better looking than me. Truth is, I've never flirted with a guy in my life, and I actively try to avoid coming off as remotely close to flirtatious because I know how ugly I am. I'm 22 years old and I've never even been on a date or for that matter had any romantic physical contact with a guy at all. However, behind my back, if I even talk to a guy about homework, his friends will make fun of him for talking to the hideous chick.

At the gym, I do 40 pullups in the weightroom, and no one cares. Blonde comes and struggles to do 5 pullups, 2 guys are already hitting on her and complementing her on her strength. That was the moment I knew my life is not worth living, because none of my efforts will be worth anything to anyone. 

I feel very emotionally isolated. Everyone bullied me, verbally and physically, in middle and high school, because I am extremely unattractive. In middle school, people beat the crap out of me everyday for personal satisfaction, and I always made up stories to explain why I had bruises and little cuts everywhere, a broken nose, and once, a concussion. In high school, people were occasionally mean, but most ignored me.

Even makeup can't fix my extremely unattractive features, believe me, I've tried. 

Time has proved that my efforts will never be worth anything to anyone, and I'm just ranting to myself so I can have the courage to do what needs to be done. Goodbye everyone. Oh wait, I have no one to say goodbye to because no one cares.