Fuck it. I am done.Don't know If anyone cares about me but whatever. I am 19 years old and from Germany. I don't know , I struggle with myself.. I don't I don't know where to start I dropped myself from school just 1 yeah behind the final exams.. I could've gone studying next year. I made myself up from the worst school (Hauptschule) up to the "middle school", was full with energy.. I was in the gymnasium but then I tilt. I couldn't take it anymore I just stopped going end of December and didn't finish my driver license too. I have no power to do all that anymore I feel so empty.. but then , well last week during work (working by my parents store) I saw that pretty girl and felt in love with her.. she even gave the love back and all seemed so clear and wonderful when she came over to my place last Sunday.. we kissed, hang out, talked so much and.. I WANTED TO LIVE! NOT FOR ME BUT JUST FOR HER! I NEVER EVER FELT THAT POWER IN ME BEFORE ..

But since yesterday she says that she isn't worth my time and I am too good for her. I never really had a girlfriend before and didn't know how to react. She got hurt much by her ex and I wanted to help her, show her that she can feel like a normal girl ever again. But she Is so , so "bitchy"(she turns 17 next month).. I thought all was good but no.. she doenst want any contact at all and I don't know why..I am frustrated.. my body is full of hate. Hate to mysellf and her and all. I have the best mother on earth and sister and I am shouting at them.. my friends want to help me but I refuse.. I don't know where to start again.. I feel lost .. I just want to stop all and go die.. I am addicted to videogames (Dota2) and am well, that at least gave me a smile good at it.. 5.9k mmr is something I am proud of myself .. I tried to break it into competitive gaming but it really never happened.. I- I am confused about life.. please you guys, can you share some warm words for me I can not.. I can't otherwise I am crying right now as I do the past weeks.. specially the last days cuz of her.. .
I just want to visit the stars upon me.. maybe some day, I will visit them, who knows..