I am so sick and tired of myself.I am so sick and tired of trying to look up things on the internet about how to kill or hurt myself and all I get back are these stupid bullshit answers about how I shouldn't do it or that I should love myself. Guess what, if there was anything about that was worth loving I wouldn't be in this situation in the first place. I'm a worthless piece of shit that deserves to die, and while I may be stupid, I'm not that stupid. I feel like if there was something worth loving about myself I would have seen it already. What I have seen about myself is how little worth I bring to world, or how my continued existence is actually unjust in many ways. I am a failure in every way, most apparent in my failure to finally off myself. 

This failure has led to me self harming as a sort of compromise. If I can't do the right thing and take myself out of this world, the least I could do is make sure that while I'm here I am unhappy and in pain. This way, if there is some sort of greater power, they know that I was aware of my self destructive mandate. They know that while I may have not been able to kill myself I at least knew that I should kill myself. I wasn't ignorant of my lack of value in this world and would actively punish myself. However, leaving scars with my self harm would be pretty inconvenient for my family members in case they ever found out and started to worry. So it pretty annoying that when I look up ways to hurt myself without leaving marks all I get is this stupid fucking bullshit about how I shouldn't do it, or that I should find others to deal with my negative emotions. How about you shut the fuck up, I know who I am, and I know my worth, I know what I deserve and what I need to do to make the world a better place. I still hope that my life will end with me at the bottom of a bridge, but until that point I need to hurt myself so that I'm not living completely unjustly. 

It just so frustrating not being able to kill myself and not being able to find answers on google on good ways to hurt myself.