Social Anxiety is killing me.I'm going to tell a bit about my life before putting the situation on the table. Since i was a child i lived in social enviroments where people would humiliate me or bully me for no reason, i'm not ugly, annoying or anything, i'm just the calm, sincere guy, the easy target. I have this phobia where i think everyone is judging me and i'm very afraid of being myself because i think differently than everyone.Until i was 15 i had depression and didn't know it until i started missing classes and stopped eating, and i had some emotional collapses and thought about suicide, but at that time i was too coward even for that (i thought that i would fail even at killing myself and would end up like a cripple or something) that made my family bring me to a therapist. From 15 to 20 i started going the right way but i AWAYS had a struggle to make friends, dates, and get to know people. All my friends are nerds/geeks with no social life, they are the only ones i feel safe with (i don't feel safe with my family). Over the last years i developed a kind of critic thought, and "hate" for people, thinking that everyone is inferior to me because they are alienated "victims" of the system, but turns out they are happy and i'm sad, and i know i'm alienated too. So i started to think that life is a game and i just have to do my plays so i can get result with things, but it's not working at all. I can't switch off this "judge" that lives inside me and kills the fun out of everything. I can't be a normal person anymore. I don't have religion, and i don't believe i'm going to be important for anyone i like. I don't feel love for anyone because every time i do i end up hurting myself so i've built up this "shield" that doesn't let the emotional side of me take action. This last month i was preparing myself to get more "social", as i'm a very methodic person i achieved some things but they are not like i imagined and i know i won't reach what i want because it's not possible in this world. I've tried my best to feel "normal", and to have a good self steem, but in the end i know that i'm not, My mind has been consumed by porn, fiction stories and others things in the internet that makes me "escape" the reality, so the reality is boring for me, i don't do drugs because i know i would quickly get addicted to them, and i refused any humor medicine like ritalin/rivotril because i think they won't solve the root of the problem, just the symptoms. Now i've found out about a painless and simple way to die, and it's growing in a corner of my mind each day. I'm going to college this year (funny thing is that i want to be a psychologist) but i know that if i fail socially once more, i'm not going to make it, this will be my last try. I had a very bad social experience today that made me feel like i was 15 again but the strange thing is that EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT AND OK, my friends don't understand what happened, i just felt really bad with myself and i went home, they are probably having fun right now and i feel like shit for the 1000000000th time because it happens all the time and i'm tired of it. Some might think this is nothing but i prepared so much for this and i ruined it all, and it's not the first time.I just wish i didn't need to study social engineering just to make friends, pick up girls etc. I wish it happened naturally. I don't have the money for a therapist so this is only going to get worse and i'm all by myself in this. I can't get help from family because they don't understand anything and end up making me feel worse (believe me i try really hard to explain things to them). I'm afraid that even if i don't end up killing myself i'll be a shut in and never leave my house or talk to people, because that's what my subconsciousness wants: run away and hide myself in a hole so no one can see me and judge me. Sometimes i feel like i'm dead in the inside and i'm just physically alive.English isn't my first language so sorry for the mistakes.

PS: Right now i'm already judging myself thinking that people will read this and say "what a weakling, my life is sooo harder than this guy, why is he complaining?"