I can't fucking live with myself any moreWhere to start? I'm 22 years old, but with the way I've lived to date I might as well already be dead in many ways. I look in the mirror and hate what I see. I do actually have a family, and a very loving one at that, but I don't think I deserve them. I cannot stop thinking about how much better off this family would be with someone else in my place. If you gave someone else my life, I'm convinced they would have done so much more with it. I'm a relatively intelligent, white, American male, with an upper middle class family income. I've really had it made. Yet I've just been coasting off of that for all is time. I haven't even earned my license or done much of anything else for that matter. 

My parents have always been good to me, I've never been abused or anything like that, but I can't escape this sinking feeling of lifelessness. My heart just pounds from anxiety all day long. I've been told I'm so smart, yet why the hell did I commit professional and personal suicide by not even earning my high school diploma. I could have blown everyone out of the fucking water, yet I just stood passively watching my life go by, letting the diploma slip right through my fingers. Instead of, you know, actually working towards independence both physically and financially, I just slid into what feels like my absolute worst nightmare. I've spent about 1/3 of my life now idly and aimlessly browsing the web for God knows what reason. 

My life has revolved around video games and film to the extent that I've let everything else go, but even that I've done nothing productive with. I *could* have at least written all these articles about them, but just didn't. I'm cut off socially from almost everyone I've ever known. I don't know what the hell they think of me any more. They probably don't think of me at all, actually! I've been given many strengths, yet utterly failed to use them. Artistically and intellectually speaking, I am very gifted, but procrastination and fear of commitment to life ruined all that. I see all the peers I've known having what looks like the time of their lives through things like Facebook and it only makes things worse. Much worse. I'm a bloody disgrace to my family because I've never even held down a job. I have very little sense of time any more. The days have just been flying by. It doesn't help at all that I don't have any sense of ambition or greater purpose about my life any more. I used to want to be lots of things: a writer, a filmmaker, a teacher, a game designer, etc. The choices, or non-choices as it were, I've made in my life are insane. I've lived passively to the point of absurdity. And it breaks my fucking heart in two. I think of what it must do to my mother and it about does me in. She says she loves me no matter what, but I haven't done anything to deserve that love. 

I think I somehow forgot that you really only do live once and that's it. I forgot that one day I'm going to die, and whether there's a heaven and hell, or nothing at all, I don't look forward to what I could end up finding there. I'm starting to think I'm undiagnosed bipolar at least. I feel like a senseless zombie walking through life to the point of having this very strange relationship to reality. There's this mental fog that never used to be there, a dissassociation actually, that refuses to go away. It's like I'm not even living my life. Whether I have a free will or not, it freaks me out what I've done. I may as we'll have been mentally retarded with what I've neglected. I don't *feel* anything any more. I've been so depressed lately that I've deliberately slept in all day just so that I don't have to think about the awful place I'm at right now. I've rejected the help and sound advice I've received from those who could have helped me. I've been self-destructive to the point of madness. I've done some things that really terrify me, too. Nothing evil, but also nothing I should have had anything to do with. I've filled my imagination and mind with random, shitty stuff that I can't ever forget now. It weighs upon my mind as such a heavy load. I haven't even done anything with my life. I'm not sure what difference it even makes if I'm here today or gone tomorrow. My mind is so logical when it comes to other people, too, but not with myself. I don't even know what I'd say to someone else in my shoes. "You really blew it, man!"?

It's so hard to wake up every day thinking of the big and small ways fetishes have ruined my life. As I look back now, I see a thread running throughout my life that has wrecked me. It all started with my first erection tied to gloves. I put on a pair of cleaning gloves as a child and it made me feel like I was a superhero or something. Cue the wild fantasies! In recent years, I got this weird, perverted joy out of deceiving my family by specifically hiding gloves on my person. Weird stuff like that turned me on in a strange way that I don't even comprehend. Then you tie that to masturbation, and, well...you've got a recipe for disaster. Because of this stuff, I haven't even always been fully "present" in my day to day life. I just don't know. I've "repented" of it and everything, but I don't know why I didn't see things more clearly sooner. People are all that truly matter in this world, not things... The pain is so heavy on my heart from this stuff.

I haven't been everything I could or should be to people AT ALL. My life showed so much promise. It's not like I was born with any actual disabilities or anything. All my senses are functional and capable. I feel such a gaping void, though. I'm numb to all existence. I have no real social context and I see no way of easily working my way back into that framework. Any idiot can piss their life away, and I guess that's just what I've done. I don't know what the hell my problem is. It's like I've had a death wish or something. If there is a God, he can't be happy with how I've wasted myself and I fear I will be judged severely for my mistakes. I don't even feel human. Oh, the curse of memory. In an alternate universe, I'm sure I'm wildly successful and full of life. An alternate version of me would be something to be proud of. I could have had a family, career, and so much more if I had just kept my head on straight, but no, I couldn't even do that... 