The seductive power of depression"Depression is seductive: it offends and teases, frightens you and draws you in, tempting you with its promise of sweet oblivion, then overwhelming you with a nearly sexual power, squirming past your defenses, dissolving your will, invading the tired spirit so utterly that it becomes difficult to recall that you ever lived without it...or to imagine that you might live that way again. With all the guile of Satan himself, depression persuades you that its invasion was all your own idea, that you wanted it all along. It fogs the part of the brain that reasons, that knows right and wrong. It captures you with its warm, guilty, hateful pleasures, and, worst of all, it becomes familiar. All at once, you find yourself in thrall to the very thing that most terrifies you. Your work slides, your friendships slide, your marriage slides, but you scarcely notice: to be depressed is to be half in love with disaster." - Stephen L. Carter

Yesterday I posted about how my anti-depressants, after 5 months and several dosage increases, are finally working. They've restored some (definitely not all) of my energy and I'm remembering the feeling of pleasure and excitement I used to have years ago. All of a sudden I enjoy music again, my thoughts a filled with ideas of how to love the people in my life and I can laugh on my own accord. 

I had grown so comfortable with being a recluse, drinking the pain away, being a flake and indulging in alone time, LOTS of alone time. I thought that's what I needed, and perhaps that's still true. But I had grown comfortable with constant unhappiness because to feel anything warm, I had to fight against every lie of depression. Who has the energy for that? Certainly no one who suffers from anxiety and depression. This medication has restored an energy that I thought I'd never get back and it feels so much better than the comfort I found in reclusion. I'd just forgotten, or lost hope of anything better. 

I still feel something pulling me towards the lifestyle I had when my depression was at its peak but right now in this moment I feel good, and that is triumphant. 