Update: Alone in a Foreign Land. **********Super update below!!!


It's been almost 2 weeks since I have seen my children. My ex came with the police to pick up some personal belongings yesterday. It was very difficult. I never hurt her. She honestly looked 10 years older. Her eyes were tired from crying and stress. I know, 100% sure, that her mother is pushing her to do things she does not want to do. I had 1 minute to say something to her when she came. I said, "I am not mad at you. I am upset with your brother and family. I still love you very much and the last few months have been our best in many many years. Please think about what is happening. Please hug and kiss my children and tell them I love them and miss them."

I have spent 8-9 hours a day trying to find a lawyer. Still waiting for a call back (I have called so many lawyers, 2-3 times each, that the secretaries are getting annoyed I think. They have told me to just wait for the call.)

 I have slept very little. I have two friends here who call me 4-5 times a day. I have family back home calling 2-3 times a day. I also have many of my close friends, from all over the US, calling me at least once a day. 

My friend, on the phone here, said something to me yesterday as I was crying and trying to cope. I was hysterical. I had the noose at the ready. He said, "If the mother is controlling your wife right now, you need to not let them win! You have enough documentation to gain full custody of your children. You will see them again. You have not had a chance yet speak your side of the whole story. You will win, just stay focused and strong." [( story: TL:DR American in Norway. I threw out wife's drug addict brother from my house for theft and drug use in my house, his mother wouldn't let me close the door and called the police on me. I ended up getting thrown in jail for a night, no charges, just to cool off. When I came home wife and kids were gone)](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/e4orw/alone_in_a_foreign_land/)

I felt strong after my buddy said such inspirational things yesterday. Today, I wake up and can't move out of the bed. I am paralyzed . Two weeks of call upon call upon call with little progress forward. I am exhausted in my heart, mind, and soul. I miss my children and the thoughts of suicide keep peeking into my head again. 

Is it ok if I just  lay here and take a break? I just can't do anything today. I should be able to stop and rest a little right?  The constant pressure of phone calls and letters and desire to get this problem resolved is driving me into a state of pure exhaustion. It is starting to make things worse. 

I feel like I am going mad. I feel the desire, to quit and disappear forever, growing. Can I make it through Christmas, and my Birthday alone in this big house while everything shuts down here for much of December? Can I get any peace of mind or legal help before the holidays start? What is my wife's crafty mother telling my children about me? Are they feeling confused and lost? 

Too too too much. That noose is looking so fucking tempting right now. The problems would go away and I could be at peace from all of this. 

*****I GOT A LAWYER! She understands the system and my rights. She is taking the case! I feel a wealth of weight off my shoulders right now. I am so thankful to have had all of you here for me. I know it may be rough days ahead, but knowing I have someone who will be helping me, you, and now a lawyer who knows the system, I am feeling a sense of strength coming into my being. 

I thank you all again for helping me during the darkest days and nights. You are all truly special people. Knowing that there are such intelligent and kind people in this world gives me so much hope for the future my children shall live in. Again, from the bottom of my heart, thank you. 


