My girlfriend is suicidal and I need helpI've been dating this girl for about a year now. We'll call her Jess. She has a history of depression, PTSD and bipolar disorder. I love her so much and we have so much in common, we're like two peas in a pod. We like the same music, the same shows, we both lost our virginity inside of a slide on a playground, we have the same favorite serial killers, etc. I've always done my best to try and support her and make her feel better no matter what she's going through but it's getting ridiculous.

The other night Jess was babysitting her sister's baby while her sister and husband were on a date. She was supposed to babysit in her sister's house but I invited her to my place so I can meet the little munchkin. We ate dinner then sat down to relax for the rest of the night. We were re-watching Seinfeld when suddenly I had to fart. She hates when I pass gas because it triggers her PTSD. Unfortunately a big brown fart escaped from my ass cheeks before I could squeeze them together. It stunk really bad and my girlfriend screamed at me. I promised her it wouldn't happen again.

A couple minutes went by and I realized I have to poop. We were in the middle of a really funny episode and I was on the edge of my seat. I really didn't wanna get up but I had to go BAD. I was afraid if I farted again, 1) she would smack me and 2) I would shart myself. The baby's diapers were next to me. I changed him earlier that day and it was my first time changing a diaper but I learned pretty quickly. Impulsively, I grabbed 3 or 4 diapers and put them on. Then I shat myself.

My girlfriend was PISSED. She started screaming at me and wouldn't shut up. I was worried the baby would start crying but he was just staring at her. She told me that what I did was disgusting and immature. I told her she was being a brat and she stormed out of the room and didn't come back out all night unless it was to check on the baby. The next morning she told me she was having suicidal thoughts again because of what I did. 

I haven't seen her in days and I'm getting worried. I know she overreacted but if something happens to her I will never be able to live with myself.