life suckseverything in life seems to be kicking me in the teeth (even my own teeth, considering I’m too broke for braces). my boyfriend killed himself almost two months ago. i’ve been away from him for school in a shitty redneck town, and was supposed to see him in July. even before he died i was having troubles wanting to live, he was my “life jacket”. i know i was something similar to him but something must’ve snapped. i couldn’t stop it. 
anyways, i’m genuinely surprised i’ve made it this far without offing myself. i had plans after the first week or so, once i wasn’t in such a fog where i couldn’t comprehend ANYTHING. i’ve been staring to resent my family for making me feel like suicide would be selfish, and guilt tripping me into not doing it (usually unintentionally, i just know that my pain would be transferred to them, and they’ve talked about how if i died they’d be devastated). i’d say the reasons i haven’t so far yet are:
25% fear of failure (i planned on hanging, having brain damage would be worse than death) 
50% not wanting to hurt my family
25% hope
part of me has hope, but it’s always squashed when huge grief waves come. i don’t wanna live without him. i know that there’s a major possibility of doing it during a huge suicidal episode, which both comforts me and scares me. part of me is also super apathetic as to whether i live or die, because no matter when or how i die, i’m still gonna end up in the exact same place. this makes me think “why not live out my life then?” but also “why not just end it all now? it doesn’t matter.” my brain is fighting for and versus itself at the same time. 
i miss my baby. i miss loving and being loved but i don’t want anybody else. 
on another note, i’m moving back to our city and i feel guilty for leaving my mom. she keeps calling me selfish but i don’t wanna stay in this shitty area. i miss living a life and having a chance, plus i’m graduating soon so i want to go to a good school. but she doesn’t see that being here is hell for me, on top of the shit that happened with my sweetie. ugh. i wish i could just drop dead. pass out and never wake up.  
anyways, yeah, life has been kicking me in the balls. if you’ve made it this far, thanks for reading. just needed to vomit some words. 