So many people have done so many fucked up things to me that I can't even tell if it's real or just something my paranoid mind made up.Yesterday a bus driver drove straight past me then tried to blame me for it and said the bus-stop wasn't for getting on the bus, I told him he was talking shit and he refused to let me buy a ticket so I went and sat down. Then, he told me he was going to get the police to come and get me off so I told him I was annoyed because I'm differently abled and he tried to drive past me for no reason then kick me off the bus and that he could suck my balls. This stuff doesn't happen to normal people. Everytime I get in a relationship with a girl they do fucked up things to me like hit me, try to stop me from talking to my friends and I wouldn't let that shit slide these days but the emotional scars are still there. When I was a child my parents abandoned me. I was sexually abused a few times. My teachers were horrible to me because I had health conditions that made being in school terrible for me and I refused to go there. Even when I went to college the tutors called me out in front of the whole class for problems relating to my learning difficulty. Then my ex ruined a whole bunch of my coursework, cheated on me, told everyone I was abusing her. The only reason I haven't killed myself yet is because of my undeniable potential and my girlfriend. I just can't take it tho. I'd never tell her until after, I don't want to cause her any more suffering than I'm going to. Every time I defy the odds and dig myself out of these holes someone kicks me back down into it again. They wouldn't even take me seriously when I tried to get help for my mental health. I'm too mentally unwell to work or even go out of the house so I don't really have a choice, it's inevitable. I tried to hang myself about 2 weeks ago and it feels like a mixture between when you stand up too fast and pass out and when you lie upside down and all of the blood goes to your head. Wasn't sure if I was dead or alive for a while I was having an existential crisis. Sometimes I fantasise about my girlfriend killing me, she's nice and she has a face like a model. It wouldn't be as scary that way but it would be pretty messed up and scary knowing the consequences for her. Reality and fantasy are different things tho I guess. I wish it just happened and I had no control over it but maybe I'll like killing myself in a self-punishment kind of way. I wish more people understood, my life belongs to me and my only true right is the right to end it. People for the most part have a very immature outlook on death, they think they want to go to an afterlife or whatever but I accept the nothingness. It sounds so peaceful to me now. It used to bother me allot when I was around 12 and I wish death was still disturbing to me. I know it's supposed to be. That's why religion is so popular I guess. Going to go play chess now. Might do it if I find my testicles. Don't join me. I hope my brains impaired enough that this won't be convincing to anyone. I'm probably deleting this just incase. 