An enormous stockpile of words.Hello dear ones,

Let my foremost message be to you that I love you with all of my heart. I love you.

There isn't any need to upvote this. Any mods who are reading this, please go right ahead and remove this. I'm not close to suicide, but I'm of the suicidal *mood*. This might be familiar to you, who are reading this, the feeling of utter despair, utter pointlessness, utter helplessness. God! The helplessness. And not even the type of helplessness - such as cancer - that's obvious, and brings tax-breaks, and sympathy.

I want to talk about money, here. I am perpetually with very little money, as are many, as are most. It's within my capabilities - with the application of a little elbow-grease - to drum up some money. Perhaps even a lot. Perhaps millions! I feel the raw resources are here for me if I but simply chose to accept and apply them.

I don't feel as though anything is outside of my capability. Truly! I can sense my raw power, my connection to the Source of things, my infinite creativity. There is no door that's closed to me.

Except this: How could it be fair if I get rich? The way money, economy, is set up, not everyone can be rich. In order for someone to be rich, another needs to be poor my comparison.

It's certainly true that all of us can have an abundance of food and water and so forth, but not everyone can have as much money as the richest amongst us. Equal opportunity - absolutely - but only a few of us at a time can be rich.

And having much, much money means that you don't have to work so hard because you can invest and reinvest. Money just makes money. And I could spend it on all of the most expensive things.

But how could I? As a conscientious human being, how could I possibly spend, say, $200 at a restaurant, when that could be a month's rent for someone in Asia? How could I? How could I go skydiving, or own a second house, or own a private plane if that wealth could save lives and give water?

I mean, yes, having money means that I can give it away.

But I feel as though it's wrong to stockpile money. That's what I think I'm getting at. Because if you think about it, all of the resources that money could possibly buy are neatly spread out all over the world. But the money itself is so concentrated.

And it continues to drift upward. Like gravity, you know? It just makes its way to the largest stockpile in the same way that all rivers eventually lead to the ocean.

And even if I were inclined to position myself near the center of such wealth stockpiles, I would necessarily need to be competitive, in order to do so. I would need to stand against one of my very own brothers, all descendants of Adam (metaphorically, of course) and convince myself that I'm more deserving than he is.

How could I compete for money? How could I allow myself to be in possession of large money stockpiles? Especially when I myself need so very little? And it's true: I need very little. It might be said that I need more money than I have, but not that much more.

Actually, now that I'm thinking about it, I don't really want to stockpile it at all, but instead just participate in its *flow*. Open up a stream of it to come in, only to let it back out again. Like an ever-fresh stream. Yes.

The other matter is this: expectations.

I don't know from where they originate, but I can't seem to shake this feeling that something is being expected of me, and I don't know how to meet those expectations. I often dream of being able to exist in such a situation that I am left entirely alone, with nothing being asked of me, nobody is waiting for me impatiently.

But I think I have high expectations of myself that I'm projecting on everyone in my life. I feel like I need to do something, but I don't know what. I just feel... pressure. Pressure. Pressure to do something. To do what? I don't know. But it's like I'm locked in this constant state of disappointing some nameless entity that resides within me.

Disappointment. There's so much. Disappointment.  And in all of its phases, like impending disappointment, current disappointment, past disappointments. Helplessness, hopelessness. As a young boy there was so much promise about me, and now... none.

How nice it would be to be already, say, 88 years old. And no one is expecting anything from this crotchety old many anymore. He's free to just read books and admire the sunrise.

There's this voice in my head, not a voice, but a series of unarticulated thoughts that, when articulated, say:

"I hate you, Brent. You're wasting your life. You should be working. You should be doing something. You don't deserve anything. Everyone hates you. You've made too many mistakes. You've wasted too much time. I am causing too much trouble to my parents. In this moment I am wrong, and am wasting time. You can't show your face anywhere, you do not want to be recognized for fear of embarrassment. You are embarrassing. Get to work. Follow some procedure. Stop delaying." "Waste." "Disappointment." "Leech." "Failure." "Pity." 

When the words fade away, I'm left with these reddish feelings. A burning... sort of core? like an ember. A dense core of tension. Tight vibrations. It seems to shrink away and put up a shield when I inquire into it.

Dark, muddy greens. Dark crimsons. Tightness in my chest, head, shoulders. Fear. Anxiousness. "No!!" "Don't look at me, do your work first." It says. And yet I can't seem to do anything else. 

This seems to be as far as I'm able to go. If you've read this, I really appreciate it. Thank you :)