Depressed, lonely, autistic, loser, anxious, unlovableHey guys and girls

I don't know where to start. There's so much but I feel really tired so I'll keep it short. I've been depressed since my father died and changed countries (I was 14, 9 years ago). At that point I pretty much lost everything I had except for my mother and I've never been really able to rebuild what I've had. I did shit in middle school didn't go for a year because I couldn't get out of bed.

Only the first year in high school was good. I had a girlfriend for a while. I thought I could rebuild what I had before but my new social circle was too different (from both me and my old one) and everyone in it ended up all growing apart. I couldn't deal with the workload in the second (8.30-17.30 day 4 to 5 times a week during the winter when we only have 3-4 hours of sunlight) and third year of high school. The third year wasn't that bad but I was burnt out from the second year and because of depression. The classes I had to retake ended up colliding with the ones I had to take for the third year.

After high school I pretty much lost all my friends I made there because I'm bad with people and generally very introverted. I also spent 2 years retaking classes I had missed from high school. It didn't take 2 years because there were that many classes. It took 2 years because I was too depressed to do anything and because I got really sick and to retake 2 of them.

I ended up getting into the uni I wanted to but the workload was too much for me to handle so I dropped out and wasted another year of my life. Now I got into another uni and I will start at the very end of august. I don't know how this will go. I'm really depressed and constantly tired. I've been really lonely all this time because I just can't make friends and because I can't deal with other people (ironic, no?) and many times need a lot of time for myself. This also makes it impossible to meet girls (not that it would make a difference). This anti-social aspect of my life has been getting worse and worse since about 2011. It's like my mild autism is getting worse, or that I can't keep up this facade where I try to fit in.

Recently it's been bothering me a lot that I haven't had sex with a girl in 8 years. This used to feel "whatever there are worse things in life" but recently I'm feeling really shit about it. Some days and some nights I can't stop thinking about sex and it makes me cry that I'm fucking retarded and nobody will never want me again. I've considered visiting a prostitute and have sex with her for a few hours but besides the fact I might catch a STD and that it's illegal and scary is that I don't want to be a person who pays to have sex. But I miss it so much and many of them are very attractive and it's really easy. I'm truly pathetic and a terrible excuse of a man.

I also feel there's something wrong with my thighs and some other weird health stuff which I've not told anyone about it. I don't know if it's serious or not but I guess this is another way of destroying myself without doing anything.

The only friends I have live far away from me. Honestly, I don't know if I'd still be friends with them if they lived close because I'm just so anti person and get anxious and what not.

I've contemplated suicide many times and now If I mess up uni again then I don't know what I'll do because then I've completely failed and I am an embarrassment for myself and my family. I'm just so sad that my life took such a bad turn and then I was too weak to do anything (especially during the days I didn't manage to get out of bed for weeks). I'm truly a loser in life and I don't deserve to be here. I'm broken and I can't be fixed. I'm just waiting until my mother passes away so she doesn't have to see me kill myself. I'm going to go cry again now.