An acquaintance committed suicide on Saturday. My friend made an insensitive comment and triggered suicidal ideations in myself.A girl I met once committed suicide on Saturday by intentionally OD'ing on heroin, though she was never a heroin addict. 

It hit me really hard. Even though I only met her once, her posts popped up on my news feed all the time and was well-known and loved in some of my circles.

She made posts as she was dying. You can watch the change. She goes from making camping plans for the weekend with a bunch of friends to dead within 24 hours. Saturday was the 3-year anniversary of her best friend's OD and death, and it's pretty clear that's what triggered this. She was posting that "He said it was strong and to be careful. I said perfect." "I miss you so much it hurts, I will see you soon." "I'm going to watch SpongeBob as I go out..." and her final post is her suicide note. It's chilling. Reading through these posts triggered my own suicidal ideations pretty intensely. Luckily I had a friend come sit with me Saturday night so I was safe.

Sunday morning, I told a different friend about it. Her first response was, "Well...it's a hard time out there right now so I understand why someone might do that."

It stopped me dead in my tracks, flabbergasted that she would say such a thing. As she was going on to rationalize a suicide, I told her she was being insensitive and had to end the conversation.

This triggered my ideations again. There were a few other minor things contributing to the illusion that I am invisible, unwanted, unlovable, a piece of shit and that anyone should be able to understand why that might lead me to kill myself. I'm so awful that it's understandable for me to commit suicide.

I sat in my shower for 2 1/2 hours, trying to hold on to reality but I kept sinking deeper. At one point I laid on my side in the fetal position, letting the water rise up around me. It got up into my mouth. I was breathing while water was in my mouth. But the water wouldn't rise up further because it found ways around my body to the drain. So I cut myself to try and ease the pain. Not very deep, just enough to see a little blood and to feel a little pain. When I finally pulled myself out of the shower, I burned myself with a lighter and that helped give some release. Luckily a friend was able to come sit with me and bring me back into a rational mindset.

I just......I'm so disappointed that my friend would say that. I'm disappointed for reacting so extremely to someone I barely know dying. I feel self-centered and dramatic. But I haven't been able to shake these ideations. 

Yes, I'm in therapy and yes I am medicated. My therapist is amazing and I've come a long way. I am a lot better than I used to be. I just don't want to feel this way right now.