I just feel like I need to talk. Don't prioritize me or anything though.I don't know what's happening to be honest. I've been on and off really sad today and for the past week or so. Today I've had a lot of suicidal thoughts, more of me kind of wanting to but really not, but I remember last year and the year before and the year before that (around this time of year usually) I had a lot of bad, frequent suicidal thoughts. And throughout the whole year too I guess, and it's probably been going on before that too, I just always figured it was normal to have them everyone now and then. I already know I can't be depressed or anything because a lot of the time I'm happy. Let me back up and just say a little about myself. I'm 18 and a high school senior. I've been researching best pre med routes and possible physician specialties and even just learning human biology and other stuff whenever I'm not busy with school. I'm taking 5 AP classes and 2 honors classes but I like to think the stress of it doesn't get to me too bad. I mean, college will be a lot harder and a lot more stressful so I can't complain I guess. And if I get to med school that will be terribly stressful so I'm glad I'm working my way up. A lot of times I feel super stupid though. Some classes I'm the worst in there or close to it. Others I'm one of the smartest so who knows the deal. I have a girlfriend, and she's really funny and we say we love each other and everything, but whenever I talk to her about being sad she doesn't know what to say and just says something like "I'm sorry you feel like that" but I know she cares. She gets sad a lot and angry a lot though and I always do my best to talk to her and make her happy, but I feel like she blows me off a lot when she's upset and then it just brings me down. When I feel down its like I get this restlessness where I feel like I have to do something, but the only I can think of, ironically, is to kill myself (that's how about half of my suicidal thoughts are anyway, so they're not that serious) but I'm not gonna do that I don't think. It's like random things just get me down though, like a tiny thing someone says to me will slowly bring me down and down until I'm lying in bed wanting to shoot myself but knowing I can't do that. It wouldn't be fair to everyone attached to me, and I'd miss out on all my potential even if I have any. Funny enough, the last time I really remember crying was like in July during an argument with my girlfriend, before that, like a year and half ago when my previous girlfriend broke up with me. So I guess it's funny how down I feel a lot but never really cry. I like to think I'm a little smart but I'm kinda slow to catch on sometimes so I fucking hope I can do something I love. I just doubt I'm depressed since most days I'm fine, and I wake up okay and just wait until a bad thought spirals and brings me down. Anyway, I had to get all that off my chest, it's also slightly therapeutic. If you actually read all of this or some of this, shit, props to you. If you want to talk and you have nothing else to do id love to just chat with someone. Maybe get some life experiences or just shoot the breeze. My girlfriend already went to bed and the rest of my friends aren't really people I talk to about stuff. Anyway thanks for reading my jumbled mess if you did. Have a great evening, and sorry if I posted in the wrong place. Please don't feel obliged to help me just because I posted, you can use your time on people who need it if you need to. Peace ✌️