ConcernedI've been up and down throughout my life and I'm in my mid-30's now and I'm on a downhill but I can't bring myself to read this sub when I'm sober (8 beers, although I usually drink about 6 beers/week... holidays and family visits ftw), although I have suicidal thoughts at least if not more when I'm sober than when I'm not.  I just can't post here when I'm sober.  I don't think it breaks the rules, but I'm not wasted or anything.  I just wake up the next day and cringe at the thought of confronting my 'real thoughts', which are honestly only brought out when I've had a few beers or am talking to my shrink.

I've been pseudo-suicidal since my late-teens due to panic attacks and anxiety but in the past year I bought strong rope to hang myself with and strong zip-ties to hold my hands and feet so I won't be able to struggle.  I've had them hidden for a solid year while I live off my parents' good will.

If I had access to a gun I'm pretty sure I would have shot myself by now.  I just don't want to deal with the suffering of strangling myself to death.  I've seen plenty of videos of it, but my test-run attempts haven't seemed very pleasant.

I was a recluse through my late teens through early 20's when I met a divorced single mother with whom I was in a relationship for about five years.  Distance separated us, she moved back and I got close to the young kids (1-6 y/o throughout), and long story short she moved on to someone else during my education, for which I don't blame her... it's been several years.  But I've regressed to being a recluse and living off my parents' again for many years.

Basically, much of the time I have no desire to try anymore.  I have a psychiatrist but nothing I'm prescribed short of benzos helps me, and those I recognize as short-term diversions and fairly addictive.  The shrink is suggesting atypical anti-psychotics as a next step if I can't control my urges.  I don't use any other drugs at all, aside from caffeine and alcohol.  I haven't even smoked pot in almost two years.

I haven't had a real job pretty much my whole life, apart from brief seasonal work, and I have nothing I can put on a resume.  I have had agoraphobia type symptoms my whole life and I dread meeting with someone to try to get work.  At one point I was in a pre-med program in university and was close to having a pseudo-family of my own, but now I'm living back at home as a recluse with my next option being anti-psychotics on top of SNRIs and benzos.  I know there's 1/100,000 chance I can pull through and make it and everything will be ok, but I really want to just end it at this point.

I don't want to go through the humiliation of going to some low-tier job and explaining to various people how I fucked up my life and I will never amount to what I hoped to.  I'm the lowest tier in my family and I can't even bring myself to talk to my siblings because of my shame.  I'm not a genius or anything, but I was phi beta kappa undergrad and got virtually straight A's in my pre-med program while I was with my girlfriend and had a family in mind.  I pretty much collapsed into my own mind after the pre-med program was finished (following the breakup) and had no real outside pressure to pursue it.

It seems to me like my brightest future is some entry level job far below what I feel like I'm capable of and educated for and I just don't think I'm willing to do that.  I really just don't want to try anymore.  I have thousands of dollars in debt from when I was confident I was making progress and happy, and now my family is disappointed in me, although many of them say otherwise to presumably keep me from doing anything 'drastic'.

Basically, my most realistic life at this point seems to me to be some super entry-level job for the rest of my life, living in government housing and probably becoming an alcoholic and drug addict, which are both enticing to me at this point.  I often wish I knew someone from whom I could get pot and opiates to just dull my pain and presumably end my life sooner rather than later and with more suffering.

I feel like I should just give up and end myself rather than go for the long shot that things will turn out better than shooting for the lowest tier I can imagine.  At this point I would have to put in a great amount of effort to even reach the bottom of the workforce barrel and given how much thought I've put into suicide, the latter doesn't seem like the worst option.  The world really seems to suck to me, and I usually feel like I want out.  I just happen to have parents' who at the moment are willing to support my fairly meager lifestyle so long as I do basic chores.