Coming to terms with loss of my fiance due to suicide. Feeling a duality between going on and peacefully resigning.Last November my partner of 7 years committed suicide. I came home for lunch one day and discovered the note, ring and herself. To describe my grief at the moment is immeasurable. I feel as though my world has been blown to pieces and in a sense I don't mind the chaos of that. I was on path towards living a simpler life and reducing my life to the simplest elements. This event acted as a catalyst for the destruction of what remained of my ego. This drive came from being an atheist for most of my life since my teenage years to embracing minimalism and starting on my road following a bastardised version of secular buddhism. 

The events of the past few weeks have allowed me to free myself of most bonds and hangups. Almost convincing me to hand in my notice and just walk the earth for a while. And this is where I feel the duality in my mind. Up until now I would like to believe Ive become successful, finished my undergraduate, masters and well into my PhD. The current job role I have is team lead in a software role and Im in the lucky role of having a full time career while doing my studying. Ultimately however I've lost my attachment to this. I've since reduced everything down to bare essentials. Either given away, donated thrown away or destroyed everything not in the fullest sense meaningful to me. I find an apt but odd analogy is to video games of all things to think about. I've completed the game, enjoyed it and am now tidying it up in preparation of never playing again or starting something new. I've always liked the phase only play the game if the game is worth the candle and thats where my duality hits home.

The sense of loss and stab through the heart have lead me to want to abandon it all. Which wouldnt be bad at all imho. I've fallen into an odd nihilism in which I feel perfectly serine. Im contemplated suicide and physically tried it 4 times since this has happened. First time I only remember stepping down from the rope after hours of a sort of blackout. I was stone sober at the time and have been every single time I've made a push towards it.  Every time I have decided to drink to help me finally step off that bench into what i would view as peace. Clearly self annihilation is something my brain wont allow me to follow through on but ultimately I feel an odd sense of relief at the thought of finally making that last push. I feel as though I've experienced all I really wanted to. Th thoughts of the wedding in April and the family we were planning while painful to think about lead to believe I no longer want any of it. Im content in the weirdest way imaginable. I think what binds me here is the determination not to drive that pain of loss into my family. I dont seek out any of the desires I had as the man I was. Part of me wants to join a temple and live the simple life, another to continue my research and the part I cant fully erase wants to finally rest. Just writing this as I find it a strange occurrence to both be happy to continue living a simple life but on the other being content enough to let it pass at any moment.