I am sobbing uncontrollably on my 19th birthday and I'm just feeling hopeless. Please someone helpI've had the worst week ever with no exagerition.

I don't even know the chronological order at this point, but I'll do my best to keep the order of shit in order. that happened in the past week.

Tuesday

I fell ill

SO broke up with me. 

My bed broke, forcing me to sleep on the floor for a while. 

Wednesday

I had a cancer scare with my dog, but thank God the tumour was only benign. 

I was pulled over for the first time, even though everything was resolved, I felt like I was having a heart attack.

Stressful 12 work day. 

My car was broken into. 

Thursday

My fucking best friend/pet bird died.

Friday

I was suffering through work to hold my sanity, but other than that, it wasn't bad. 

Saturday

With an essay due on the 20th about some play for my theatre class, I had to scramble and was forced to see a performance that was well out of my price range. I was going to take care of it earlier in the week, but never found the time. 

Again not a bad day all things considered. 

Sunday 

When I saw the actual night performance


Monday, the big fucking 19th birthday

So to start it off, I of course was isolated from all companionship all day, and had to write my ass off to write 5 fully written pages. 

Then the straw that broke the camel's back. I lost my fucking car keys in who the fuck knows where. I've looked for hours, essentially tearing my house apart. 

To no avail in finding them, I finish off the day in the defeat of how much of a fucking loser and failure I am. 

I am shaking, sobbing, and my face and arms are for some reason numb. And all I know is that I will be missing my much needed therapist appointment tomorrow, due to the ungodly cost of an Uber ride to and from. 

Sorry I'm just a rambling mess, I feel so helpless and alone.

Im usually a pull yourself from the bootstraps kinda guy, even strongly remaining afloat when I lost my father last year, but man, I don't know anything right now.