I can't take it anymoreI've been struggling with some mental health issues for over a year now. What it is, I'm not sure. For some reason I can't force myself to ask for the help I know I need. Despite no one knowing who I am, even writing this post makes me worried.

Over the past few months though, it's been much worse. It may be due to the pandemic, but I think it's more because I have more time to myself these days. And when I say time to myself, I don't necessarily mean time to play video games or watch YouTube like I normally do. even I find those activities boring after a while. So what's left? What's left is just me sitting in silence and thinking.

And its my thoughts that's been driving me crazy recently. I've always been a bit of a day dreamer, but instead of my normal thoughts of being some knight in shining armor (Odd for an 18 year old isn't it?), its usually things much darker. I'll spare the details, but they're usually things I'm not proud of. Things that I hate myself for thinking.

And its gotten to the point where this hate is starting to show. I've gotten so impulsive lately, I nearly flipped on my parents this morning. Thankfully I was able to end the conversation and ran off to my room before I started shouting at them, but I know I was close. I have no need to angry about them, no reason to hate them. They were only ever kind and supportive to me. But still, I find myself absolutely infuriated when I'm near them.

Fueling my hate is my lack of confidence and self esteem, something that seems to be intensifying with every passing day. Every small failure, every slip up, every mistake, I absolutely hate myself for. Every opinion I have seems to contrast with society. I have long since lost any redeemable quality.

I have pondered suicide, many times. I'm writing this now after 'attempting' it once more. Why in quotations? Well that's because I don't make it very far. I sat on the edge of my bed, a knife in hand... and I just stared at it. I begged myself to just put my fears behind and plunge it into my heart, but I couldn't. I just sat there with a blank mind, slowly forgetting who I even was.

All I have left is those daydreams. Those small worlds where I can escape reality and be who I want to be. But as I said before, even those are being consumed by a fire I cannot extinguish.

I'm too afraid to do anything about it. Too scared to ask for help and too afraid to end it all. So I'm trapped in this endless hell I call life.

And I can't take it anymore