So lonelyI don’t know what else to do anymore. My life has been at a complete standstill since march and I don’t see there being any way of moving forward from here.

Over the course of the pandemic, I have dealt with so much pain. I lost all my friends. There weren’t many but the people I used to call my best friends haven’t spoken to me in over two months  and have deleted/ blocked me on everything. I was in a pretty toxic relationship for the past 2 years and out of nowhere one day he texted me “never speak to me again” and that was it. It sounds like it should be good but at least I had someone to talk to and spend time with, now i’m completely alone.
My dog and another one of my pets died within a month of each other. I’ve been trying my absolute hardest to make new friends or see old ones, but the first time I tried I got bailed on only to see that friend out doing what we had plans to do, with someone else. The next person just slowly stopped replying to me. We had made plans to see each other multiple times but they fell through. Finally, I started talking to a guy who i thought was really fucking cool and things were going well. We were talking about hanging out and possibly taking things further but I told him something personal about my health and got ghosted.

It’s so hard to deal with this crippling depression and suicidal thoughts when I’m completely alone and have no one to talk to about how i’m feeling. It seems like everyone else has decided there’s something wrong with me and no one wants me in their lives.

I’ve been trying for months to get any kind of help but even professionals keep flip flopping on me. Everyone seems to know to stay away from me. I’ve been taken to the hospital/ER probably 4 or 5 times now for suicidal thoughts/ even acting on them, but I have never been taken seriously there. Each time I sit in a room and talk with someone who seems completely uninterested and I’m sent home after waiting for hours and that’s that. I always come home feeling even more empty worthless and numb than when I went in.

Just like my friends, my parents “don’t know what to do” about me so they just ignore all my texts when I’m begging for help telling them how badly I want to be dead.

What’s the point anymore? What am I supposed to do? I have nothing to live for and there clearly isn’t help out there. I can’t deal with these thoughts constantly flowing through my head telling me that I need to kill myself. Every day all I do is think about what would be the easiest way and least likely to actually survive through it.

I’m sure no one will read this or respond, because people seem to just know that i’m not worth caring about, so I just had to at least get my thoughts out somewhere. I don’t want to be alive anymore I want to fucking die and not be in so much misery anymore