I want to die, I hurt everyone around meI’m a 14 year old boy. I have a very abusive family, verbally abusing me for 7 years. My brother has physically abused me and verbally for years, my mum could never be happy with who I am, always looking down upon me, my dad was probably the best person I knew for most of my life, kind generous and forgiving like no one I’ve ever known. My dad hating me being sad, it was starting to break him. I self harmed from the age of 10, it’s got worse and worse, I took out my anger on my friends, they all started hating me for fair reasons, but I kept taking my anger out, until a little girl killed herself at the age of 10, hung herself outside her parents window. I tried to kill myself the day I found out by drinking bleach but I survived, I never treated it. I kept being depressed until I found a group of friends moving into secondary school. I made a great friend, I never told him about me being depressed but we talked so much. He started hating me for no reason, spreading a bunch of shit around my friend group, I ended up not talking to any of them, and found a small group of friends, 2 more people they were great to me, I started talking to one of their cousins, the most beautiful and caring person I’ve ever met, they really liked me, one of my 2 friends became jealous and started spreading more shit about me, caused him to hate me, I stopped talking to him, but I had my friend and their cousin, me and their cousin started developing feelings but nothing major. I told them and another 3 people about my life, my depression, everything. I loved talking to them, until now. I loved my friends more than life itself, they saved me from death multiple times. But I was still selling harming with a small saw, a hand saw on my legs and arms. I loved all of them so much, then one of them started arguing with me, they called me self centred and ignorant because I was talking about my issues, said I broke them because of what I was doing to myself. He hated me, and I didn’t want to hurt my friends by having a messy friendship. I cut myself from the group, and cut myself, I’m alone, I have nothing. Other events I didn’t mention was my attempted hanging, asphyxiation and bleeding out. My parents split up, my dad moved away, and it crushed me, the same week my friend died in a car crash. I want to die more than ever, I want to die, I’m posting this now because I’ve tried everything, I’ve kept it to myself and tried talking to a professional and it didn’t work, talked to my friends and it did work but I didn’t want to hurt them. I’m posting this because I have no where else to turn.