I want to die, but I don't want to commit suicide.I always feel so weak. I've seen stories where people have gone through abuse, assault, etc. and they still manage to keep moving in with their life. I've been lucky to not have had to go through any of that or be affected by it. But for God knows why, I still have suicidal thoughts.

I care *WAY* too much about what others think of me. I always want to be liked, or at the very least not be hated. If I fuck something up, I tend to over apologize, which ends up annoying the other person more than anything. Often I get the feeling that people only speak or hang out with me because they either want something from me or they pity me. I don't have any reason to think like that, but the thought is there anyway. For these reasons I always try to help people where I can so they will like me. 

I also get overly stressed and upset at the littlest things like embarrassing things I do or cringy things I might accidentally say, and then I just start thinking about how fucking stupid I am and why I don't just kill myself. I know it sounds absolutely ridiculous to jump to suicide over such small things, yet they're still there. And I hate myself so much for it. I feel weak and worthless, which leads to those suicidal thoughts, which leads to me realizing I'm overreacting, which leads to me realizing how weak I must be to get so down over that when others have gone through so much worse, which leads to more suicidal thoughts.

I don't think I'd ever go through with it because I'm scared of a few things. I'm scared of losing the good things I do have. I'm scared of the potential pain if I fuck up. Most of all, I'm scared of what everyone I know will say. It's ridiculous: even after I'm dead I'll still be worried about what others think of me. If I kill myself, I'll be causing pain to my family and friends. Some might get upset that I refused to get help or reach out to anyone, and the last thing I want to do is directly cause anything like that.

Yet I'm just so tired... I don't have any motivation to do anything productive. I still go to school almost solely because my family all expects me to do so and get a degree (I come from an Asian background, so education is very important to my family). I don't want to do anything anymore. I want to die and sleep forever, but I don't want to be the cause of anyone else's pain as a result of my suicide.

So often I wish that I could die some other way. Maybe a drunk driver could run a red light as I'm crossing it and hit me. Their air bag will deploy so they'll be safe, but mine malfunctions and I die. It'll be tragic, sure, but none of my family will be upset with me for dying. Or maybe I could get robbed at gunpoint and the robber's gun goes off while pointed at me.

I hate having this mindset: to want to die, but not want to carry out the deed myself. I remember hearing someone describing it as not wanting to jump in front of a moving bus, but not wanting to move if one comes at him. It feels awful, and I feel even more weak that I can't even get the courage or will to withstand the physical pain and just do it.

I don't know what my point for writing this was. I don't really feel any better getting these feelings out.