My journey and how I beat 9 years of being suicidal. Maybe my trials can help you.Ever since I began reading and giving advice on this subreddit, I've always felt a connection with the original posters and the commentators. I use my life experiences to help advise others and try to get them out of their rut in life. If you're reading this and you're in a similar situation to what I was, I want you to know that you're not alone. Plenty of people here want to help you.

Now, onto the story. 

To start off with, I was different from the other kids. I suffered from social anxiety, ADHD, dyslexia, insomnia, genetic depression, and caring way too much for other people. I grew up around a father that would become bent out of shape at the smallest inconvenience and blow up and so that's how I became as well. This made me different. I was the kid that never said the right words at the right time who sulked in the corner and yelled when he got upset. In my school work, I was behind often due to my learning disorders and often I found myself with grades that were far less than stellar. I wasn't smart, I was prone to panic, and I yelled and cried when people picked on me. This made me a target right away in school. It started off with just simple playground bullying, kicking woodchips in my face and saying mean names, but as that got boring, the torment began. People purposefully crowded me to trigger panic attacks with my fear of crowds. As I would walk home from school, kids would lean out the window flipping me off and yelling swear words. People followed me home and around the school hoping to get in some extra insults. I would try to suppress my anger, but it either decided to come out as yelling or tears. The teachers didn't seem to care except for a few, which tried their best to make things better, but it never really worked. My 'friends' insulted me daily because they wanted to be cool. One of them actually said to me "We're gonna act like jerks to you because we want to stay cool. Being friends with you just isn't cool...". 

I attempted to stand up for myself in about 4th grade. I tried looking tough, like on TV to make the bullied stop. That didn't work. The bullying increased. I luckily only got beat up twice. Once in 4th grade and once in 5th grade. Both times by kids I didn't know. I mean, before hand there were shoves and trips, but those two times were punches and kicks. The first time I was kicked so hard in the mouth that I almost bit off my tongue. The second time was far worse. I like near a farm, you see. Barbed wire surrounds the farm to keep the cows from escaping. After shoving me into the wire, the kids punched and beat me till I was near unconsciousness. I didn't even tell my parents. I just walked in, fixed my wounds with tape and toilet paper and cried. Even after that, things got worse. I was still being insulted and bullied. Heck, I got framed for sexual harassment. It was terrible.

Due to all the torment and my depression, I was extremely suicidal. My first attempt was in 4th grade and that ended miserably. I was exhausted from my lack of sleep and tired of being bullied. My 3 hours of sleep a night left me groggy and my decision making skills poor. Over the years, I'd try tons of sleeping medications only to keep getting nightmares. I didn't have many friends that teachers didn't assign. I felt so alone.


 In middle school, I would face more bullying from the football team. I joined football hoping for camaraderie and some support. Nah. I was shoved in lockers, teabagged twice, a team joke, cussed out, and a lot more stuff that left me even more suicidal. I left middle school defeated with 3 more failed suicide attempts.

What was happening at home didn't help either. My father believed that the only way he could control his family was through fear. My father yelled at everyone. He talked everyone down, calling them stupid and spitting in their face. If we didn't play a board game twice a day, he'd lecture you for hours on end about how we're the reasons he wants to kill himself and how it would all be our fault. That plus the fact he would yell at me for being depressed plus problems with my sisters left the home not a place of peace, but one of torment and constant strife. 

This all piled up on me. I felt weak and exhausted. My stress left me shy, sick, and dreading human contact. People at church insulted me. There was no where to go. There was so much bullying, I still suffer from its medical repercussions years later. I wanted to die, so much. I felt like there was no place to go. But I thought to myself that I needed to be better than the people bullying me or my father. I need to work to become the best person I can be, despite the people who tried so hard to make me give up. So, I began to read and learn. I defeated my dyslexia and grew very smart. I grew patient and kind into a person that never got angry. I found releases in hobbies. I found out a way to use my wit as to gain friends, humor. I was random enough and talked fast enough to gain friends despite my anxiety with people. I devoted everything I could to be a better person.

Luckily, none of my attempts worked and I was able to reach highschool. There were lots of good people in the harder courses and that helped me challenge myself so I could stay in league with them. I was able to be surrounded by friends. Everything was better right? Wrong. I still felt in a giant rut. I had a constant fear of everything would change back into elementary school. It was hard just to get up and the cause was simple: Guilt. My memory, the one that got me into advanced courses, kept hold to every single one of my faults and mistakes. It piled on and left me depressed. After another failed attempt, I was even more depressed. But something unexpected happened. A relationship. I thought this was the answer to my problems. Little did I know she would dump me because she was still in love with her ex. I was back to being suicidal.

Throughout all of this, I stayed alive for one reason and that was so my life wouldn't end in vain and so I wouldn't hurt the people I love. Recently, I learned to accept my fate and  learn from my mistakes. Then use the lessons I learned to help other people. I live for my friends and for those whom I care about (which is everyone). I live to help so that people wouldn't have to face the pain I had to alone. I promised to always stick with them, to help them with every bump in the road. I want to help people. I used that to anchor myself to this life. I learned so many lessons from my trials. So many lessons that other people say made me a better person. I'm not glad that I was bullied, but I am glad I was able to learn from it. Lessons like be kind, don't put all your eggs into one emotional basket, things change, and so on. 

I can sympathize with how you guys feel. I know it's all jumbled and written poorly, but the moral of the story is that I'm here for you. I've felt pain and would like to help you through yours. I decided to stay alive to help people like you guys and try my hardest to make the world a better place. I know I'm not going to by myself, but I'll try no matter what. 

If I got over being suicidal, you can as well.

If you need anything cleared up about my story, just ask me.