No longer want to live, no support system. I've pretty much sold everything I own now, I have my weapon of choice ready, quit my job and putting my letter together. Can't live with this guilt I'm haunted by any longerI need advice because I can't live like this anymore and I just want to end it all. No one loves me or cares about me at all and I just need someone to talk to. I've started selling my things and getting ready to pick my date. I know my post is long but I wanted to give the full picture. 


Its Been 11 months since I put down my best friend of 16 years, my cat i got when I was 9 years old. I had a terrible abusive upbringing and he was my only source of support. I hate myself for what I've done and I've suffered everyday. I cry so hard almost every night to the point that I throw up.

 I feel like I missed the obvious warning signs over his last few months... He was keeping to himself and started urinating out of his litter box, vomiting often and he got so thin. He was a very large cat before and I had put him on a diet so I thought he lost weight from that and I started to feed him more again but he didnt gain any back. 

I took him to the vet to discuss his urinating out of the litter box and vomiting and she told me it was stress and old age and to try a bunch of different stuff that didn't help much. Changing his food helped a little so I just thought he had a sensitive stomach and neglectedly left it at that. 

I remember being very busy his last month of life because it was october and I was all over the map doing Halloween events. I had finally made a friend and a was so excited I never wanted to say no to her when she wanted to hang out. So I wasn't home much. I didn't spend much time cuddling and playing and just plain loving him. Then I went to a Halloween party and stayed at my friend's overnight until late that day. I got a text from a neighbour saying my cat was meowing a lot and to come home and check on him. I brushed it off because he had a tendency to meow loudly when he was looking for me and I was really hungover and wanted to sleep more. 

A few hours later I came home and found him, cold and meowing in a tone I had never heard before. I picked him up for the first time in a couple weeks and realised how light he had gotten. He went limp in my arms and looked so sad. He spent his last night and morning all alone and scared because I was out partying and didn't come home. I have so much guilt and hatred towards myself for this. 

I rushed him to the animal hospital where they did a bunch of tests and said he had kidney failure. They gave me the choice to leave him in hospital until he was stable but then when he went home he would have to undergo fluid injections twice a day, take pills and go for dialysis. There was no guarantee of this being a cure. The other choice was to put him down. The vet said he wasn't in any pain so the decision was so hard. 

In the end I realized I wouldn't be able to help him with all his care needs and I didn't want him to be poked with needles all the time and be subject to medications and side effects. I now feel so selfish for this because I should have been willing to quit my job and take care of my cat when he needed me to care for him most. Before the vet came in to euthanize him I got some time to have him in my arms for the last time. I couldn't stop crying. I was about to murder my most loving and longest best friend. I saw the little IV in his arm that they were going to use for the lethal injection and I cried. He smelled so bad from the toxins that had built up in his body and he was so cold and wrapped in a blanket. He walked away from me to go lay on the other side of the couch. He could barely open his eyes and he had exudate coming from them. He looked so unhappy. I can't believe I wasn't there for him his last night and I left him alone to cry and be scared all morning. I fell like the most horrible person on the earth. 

The vet came in and I asked if I could hold him. He jumped as she put in the first injection and then she put in the lethal injection and she asked me to lay him down. She listened to his heart and I asked her if he was gone and she said yes. I sat in the room crying, petting his fur watching him just lay there. Dead. Because of me and what I just did. I covered him with a blanket and left the love of my life alone in that room never to be seen again. 

The amount of guilt and regret I feel every single day is enough to make me not want to go on in this life. My actions haunt me everyday and no amount of people saying I did the right thing will ever make me feel like I did the right thing. I don't know how to go on and accept what happened and ever be okay with myself. I don't know how I can ever forgive myself for not spending everyday of that last month playing with him and picking him up and just loving him. I took for granted that he would always be there and I always thought we can cuddle and play tomorrow then I got busy and suddenly tomorrow never came. Now I'm left to struggle with the fact that all I have left of him is a album filled with pictures and a ceramic set of paw prints. I will cherish these items forever but I'm not sure how I will ever be okay again. 