Been in a tough spaceI've had life long issues with self worth. My father left when I was very young and continued to live nearby just with no interest in talking or seeing me anymore. He'd periodically come back into the picture for a weekend before disappearing again for sometimes months sometimes years. My moms a great person but has always been distant and depressed herself. 

In school I was an absolute loser. Had no friends *and* did horrible at my studies. I did a semester at a community college, spent literally all my savings up until that point to pay for my classes without a loan because I didn't want people to think I was a loser.  I failed every single class. I didn't re apply. I've been working the same shit job since I was a junior in high school. It's a safe paycheck giving me just enough to eat and get high everyday. 



I'm not good at anything, really. I've got a good, in-check ego, but a chip on my shoulder. I've always felt I've got something to prove. I want to good at something and be recognized and appreciated for it. That's all I know that I want. Other than that I've got nothing. 


Im coming up on my 20th birthday. Im reflecting on my past and looking at my future. I give myself a 75% chance of offing myself before my 30th birthday. I know how dramatic that sounds but I've spent a lot of time thinking this over, I believe it to be true. I see no value in myself, I'm good at nothing, and have felt this way since middle school. Literally years of therapy changed nothing for me. I don't know why it just was a bad fit and didn't work. 

I've just been dealing with a lot of stuff from my past, a lot of hard realitys and the fact I'm not cut out for my future. I wish I could raise above but it's hard. I have zero support structure which is a dumb thing to bitch about but I feel like that's changed me as a person. 


I've got a lot of un-confronted anger and sadness. My hands are scarred from punching holes in my walls. I'm incredibly lonely.. sometimes lonely feels like an understatement... I've never shared much of a bond with anyone at all. I feel like I can't ever become a sociable person. My brain is fucked, I can't act like a real person. I don't even really want to it's just the fact that even if I wanted, I couldn't. 


I felt the need to share where I am because it's not a good place. Thanks for reading if you did. 
