atoms of ashI'm posting here because I'm anonymous.   I was molested when I was 6 by my older sister, and to cover up the secret I was played out to be liar for my entire childhood.   This put me in a bad spot emotionally and I was constantly getting in trouble with my parents and in school.  I was bullied, rediculed and had no friends.   I was harrassed in elementary school by students and teachers, and was put on medication when I was in 3rd grade.  Everyday I was pulled from the classroom and had to sit with the Principal in her office, and I would come home crying everyday from mistreatment.   My mom finally had enough and pulled me from the public school and transferred me to a private Christian school, where I was behind in education so that next year I had to retake the 3rd grade. The students again bullied me until I started to fight back aggressively, which also landed me in the Principals office.  In the 5th grade I was transferred back into public school.  I made friends with the bullies and bad kids of my class because I didn't want to be bullied anymore.   Being the tough guy got me a girlfriend, which was short lived because we ended up writing notes to each other about how we wanted to fuck and do a bunch of sexual stuff to each other which soon after was found by her grandma who called the principal of the school and they tried to press charges on me as a minor.  I hadn't gone through puberty yet so I really didn't understand the ramifications of what I was saying.  The grip my parents had on me tightened and more medication was forced down my throat.  My 7th grade teacher slapped me across the face in class to shut me up in class, I still remember the bead of sweat rolling off her mustache on her red angry face when she slapped me, which made me turn back into a hardened asshole to all teachers.  I didn't care about school at this point and just wanted to run away which I did several times.  I could never make any friends because I felt like it was all just a big fucking joke on me.   Most all of the fist fights at recess involved me and somebody else, typically started by the other kids. I have been corned, back against the fence by my only "friends".  I said, "fuck friends why do I need them?!" when I was in 8th grade and then proceeded to get a girlfriend and become sexually active.  When 8th grade was over and high school began, my relationship started to take a turn and eventually ended.  This was the longest friendship I had had my entire life which was devastating to me and after it ended I began to get suicidal depression, and tried to overdose on my medication in class.   I was caught red handed after taking my entire bottle of pills and became violently ill. I blacked out in the bathroom and was found and carried to the nurses office by the school principal, where be called an ambulance and contacted my mom.  My mom was devastated and pissed and was crying uncontrollably.   I lied and said it was an accident. They switched my meds to antidepressants which later stopped taking because of my gag reflex to the overdose.  I went through 2 other long term relationship breakups and ended up cutting my arms up and burning myself with a lighter.  I was pulled from my class in my senior year in high school and was arrested in front of the whole school for shooting up the front of the school with my paintball gun the night before.  To me it was just a prank that someone would have to clean up but they charged me with 11 different things including terrorism. I had absolutely no drive to become anything in my life and didn't think I was going to live past 30.  Academically I barely graduated high school, then was convinced I had to pull my shit together and go to college.  I failed out of college and blew all the grant money on food and diamonds for my girlfriend.   When the relationship ended I joined the Marine Corps to go die for my country in Iraq during OPF in Fallujah.  My ex girlfriend came out to see me in California which led to her wanted to get back with me because she knew and I knew that I my company was getting deployed to Iraq to fight.  I had a real Full Metal Jacket mental breakdown weeks before being deployed and threatened to kill a bunch of people, which landed me in the hospital, a diagnosis of PTSD, Bipolar, Major Depression, and a fraudulent enlistment charge.  I was given a discharge under honorable conditions and a plane ticket home.  I tried to go back to school but again failed at that and racked up another bill.  A year after my discharge my girlfriend and I broke up.  I had no friends and considered myself a failure at everything and I let the love of my life walk away.  Soon after to keep my depression under control I jumped into a relationship with the first girl that would talk to me at a gas station, convinced myself that looks aren't everything because this chick was nice, funny, showed me attention, wanted my cock more than cake and she didn't care that I was fucked in the head.  She had a son already whose father was in jail so I decided I would pull my shit together and be his roll model.  I later started self medicating with weed, which was really just a cop out because it felt great to be high all the time.  I didn't have any friends my wife's friends were supplying me.  My temper was really chilled when I smoked and manic when I didn't.   I was filled with uncontrollable anxiety,depression, rage, and was often a super asshole with little man syndrome when I didnt smoke.  I often thought of suicide as an option to stop all the internal pain but instead of saying it out loud, would impulsively do things to hurt myself.  I punched a structure at on point and shattered my wrist and several fingers, and I felt better for a little bit.  The marriage ended a year later and from that point on I haven't had any interest in forming any new relationships with anyone.   I was tired of looking for new connects for weed so I moved around to a few different states with legal dispensaries.  I soon realized that weed wasn't helping, but actually making things worse and I wasn't in control anymore.  In a desperate plea for help my sister gave me a place to stay.  After moving in with my sister and her family I found work and started busting my ass to make things work so I could get my own place.  My entire focus was on work and smoking weed to numb the pain.  While living with them I often would isolate myself away from everyone else so  I could smoke weed and cigarettes, which wasn't really acceptable with their lifestyle which eventually led to me renting a room in a house full of strangers closer to my work.  That didn't work out because the roommates knowing I had weed, would go into my room and steal my weed and play with my instruments while I was at work, this put me in a huge panic with major anxiety and depression.   I eventually had to leave the situation and move back in with my sister.  My brother in law didn't take that too well and after a year started throwing out offensive false accusations about my sexually since I wasn't interested in dating after my divorce.  My nephews would then repeat what he said about me to me and their friends and their friends parents and soon everyone treated me in a very fucked up way which made things even worse.  Instead of giving in and getting defensive and fucking him up for talking shit, I decided to just pack my shit and leave.  I found a cheap place to live  on my own way out in the woods away from everyone else and now just keep to myself.  I had working at my employer for 2 years now and I started feel a little comfortable around the my coworkers and opened up a little to relate and mentioned my high school paintballing incident while in a normal conversation.  Conflicts at my employer soon started to take place when that coworker told my boss all about the paintballing and played me out to be a sociopath because he wanted my job and pay.  I wasn't too concerned because I thought my boss knew me well enough to not believe it but I later had a sit down with my boss to talk about future goals and I told him my goal was to do more and make more and do better and had future plans to start my own business, real grown up shit.  He didn't like that one bit in fact and retaliated by cutting my hours, all bonus pay, and then singled me out from the rest of the crew and made me work my own jobs with less time to complete.  The pressure was unbearable and suicide was on my plate everyday, every hour, constantly on my mind.  I started to feel ill from all the overwhelming uncontrollable feelings which after a panic attack I quit my job...

I didn't have health insurance because I couldn't afford it with the cost of housing, car payments, insurance,  and cellphone bill.  I ended up going to the doctor because my heart would beat out of my chest and I have been throwing up every morning for years and I wanted to know why.  Turns out my heart is enlarged and I may have diabetes and stage 2 hypertension,  and might have a heart attack or stroke if I cant relieve the stress and take care of myself.  I got this way because I refused to take medications and instead was still self medicating because I couldn't stop the weed without losing my mind emotionally.  I stopped smoking weed,cigs, and mt. dew per the doctors request to save my own life.  The anxiety is debilitating, and I obsess over my own death.   I can't hold a conversation, can't share eye contact and feel extremely uncomfortable in every social situation that I encounter.  I cant bring myself back to normal because I feel like my normal is wanting to kill myself and ending my existence.  I'm now running short on money in the bank and feel like I can not work for people and be a fucking minion worker slave, I would rather die.  My life has completely closed in on me and I feel as though my time is running out, as well as my self control to hide the painful memories.  My mom has traveled 2000 miles to be here for me because in the past I have slipped and said I was going to kill myself and she's extremely worried and depressed because she feels like she's about to lose a child, even tho I've said nothing recently.  I actually moved out in to the woods far away from everyone so if I did kill myself, nobody would find me.  I can't sleep anymore, and my mind is always thinking of ways to go. Every tree I look at, I see myself hanging. Every gun I looks at I see a blood scattered wall with my body slumped over.  Every tall building, I see my body bouncing off the pavement. Every light pole I see I think of my truck wrapped around it with my body half way on the hood through the windshield. When I go for a jog to try to clear my mind, I feel the urge to step in front of a car or semi.  My head hurts and I can't help but punch myself in the face or burn myself with my propane torch to relieve the pain.  I am having an extremely difficult time not analyzing the events of my life and absolutely hating people for what they've done to me, and me hating myself for being unable to forgive, forget and move on, and the shitty things I've said and done to people when not in control of myself. Up until now the thought of what my suicide might do to my parents has kept me here. Now I feel it's hard to even be around my family for more than an hour without being irritated and rude. I hate everything about me, and I am starting to understand why everyone else hates me too.   The hurtful things will not go away and I cannot help but to desperately want to become ash and just float away into space.  I am a dot on this planet, insignificant in every way to mankind with nothing to offer.  I feel ashamed of my being and my illness feel like a waste of space and oxygen.  I pray that god blow my heart of my chest so I my mom and dad would not have to live with the fact that their son willingly killed himself.