The only thing I can ever say is ‘I Don’t Know’I don’t even know where to start. 
I’ve been struggling for so many years with first anxiety, and then depression, adhd, and bulimia. I’ve been close to dying several times due to dehydration and lack of nutrients with the bulimia. I’ve ruined my teeth, created a heart problem for myself, and let myself give into something that will stick with me for the rest of my life, recovery or not. For a while, it was just an endless cycle. The same hell everyday repeating itself, to which I found myself not caring what happened to me anymore. My bulimia got worse, purging 3-6 times a day, completely wearing myself down and digging myself into an even worse depression. Nothing mattered anymore to me, I was completely worthless, dragging myself through everyday and going to sleep at night hoping I wouldn’t wake back up. I’d half-assed attempted suicide many times before this, but this time I was sure of myself. I couldn’t deal with my personal pain anymore, I stopped talking to the people I cared about as much, financial problems, my mentally abusive ex had left me, my life at home was endlessly tiring, and the only thing keeping me there was that I know I was, and am, the biggest support for my family, and my friends. But anybody who cared to read this far, you know how it is. Nothing matters in this state of mind. I tried to kill myself, because everything was so fucking wrong. It didn’t work very clearly, and I’ve been trying to overcome these things over the past year or so now, because I met the love of my life shortly after that attempt. He’s the only, only reason I’m not dead right now. I’ve attempted several times in between then and now, self harmed, purged, gave up, ended up in a mental hospital and back out. All because, everything was so fucked up, I had so many problems, so much me and my family went through. I can’t even describe the pain I’ve felt, from having to drag my little brother into the hospital so he couldn’t kill him self, as he screams that he hates me, and will never forgive me. I can’t describe the guilt I felt, getting out of the psych institute, just in time to say goodbye to my grandmother as she was dying and they took her off of life support. I cannot describe the aching feeling of guilt that I had that we had fought so much, and I wish I could take it all back. And I can’t describe the awful pain in my stomach that I got, from hearing that my significant other, my partner, my whole world, my reason for being, the person who makes me feel whole, my best friend- had tried to end their life. I did it to him, and now I understand what it feels like. 
But now, where I’m at is different. I’ve been on a good sleeping schedule. I’ve been doing more things on my own. I’m back in school, my CNA course and my cyber studies. I’ve started working, and the place is very nice. I’ve been keeping up with everything I need to. I’m finally medicated for adhd. I’ve purged once, in the last month. I’m soon to be getting my first car. My s/o is coming to work at the same place I do. And our anniversary is coming up next month. 
All of these things are supposed to feel like recovery, like I’m getting better, like things are finally starting to work out for the better, instead of absolutely everything going wrong. But all this has left me with, is the feeling of being so goddamned lost. I can’t explain why I feel this way, I don’t understand it myself. I feel so empty, so robotic, and lifeless. I can hardly tell I’m alive half of the time. My meds, they push out all of my suicidal thoughts that I’ve been having, until it wears off. I’m conflicted by them because I’ve been suffering for so long, that I feel like I don’t know who I am outside of it. I’ve become my pain and I can’t escape it without feeling completely, and lifelessly numb. I was off the meds for a few days, and I planned on killing myself last Saturday. I would have went through with it, but the timing ended up being wrong. I don’t have access to many harmful pills to do it with anymore, and believe me I’ve tried it before, I didn’t wanna trust it this time. I’ve been planning, to take a bottle of blood thinners, and make more scars on my arms, one last time. At this point, last year, I thought i was at the lowest point in my life, but I was wrong. Somehow I’ve managed to sink lower mentally, but the way things have been going aren’t very representative of that. I feel like I can barely handle keeping up with these simple things I have going on now when I’ve been through hell and back. I relapsed with self harm, Ive been trying to starve myself, and I keep finding myself giving more and more of myself to other people. If I can’t handle this, just how am I supposed to handle the future I’m supposed to have with my s/o. I just don’t know what to do anymore. That’s the only thing that I even know how to say. I feel as though I’ve become hollow. Like I don’t exist. Or maybe it’s that I’m screaming, and I’m so much pain that everything hurts when it builds up and I break down, but nothing comes out. The feeling of being trapped. Walking and living, but I feel like I’m watching myself from outside, and here I am. Trying to tear it all apart. I truly, and honestly hate myself. The anger and resentment that I feel towards myself is unbearable. 
I honestly, do not know what to do. I needed to tell someone, because I can’t tell anyone else, for fear of burdening them more with worrying about my worthless issues. 
I apologize that this is so long, but I doubt anyone is reading it anyway