I was trying to make the shit stop.This turned out to be much longer than I anticipated. I guess I had some things to process. TLDR: BPD + eating disorders + history of abuse + chronic pain and scary medical shit = what's the fucking point of it all? Also, on mobile so formatting or whatever.    



None of my attempts have ever been from a place of malice, revenge, hopelessness, or anything other than a deep, searing desire to make the shit stop. Just turn my brain off. Experience peace.    


Then I discovered drugs. Drugs worked, I thought. Drugs made the shit stop, finally, I thought. I could completely relinquish control and nod out on the couch, in and out of here and some other place where it didn't hurt so much to be alive.  I could see colors in new spectrums, feel deep love and connection. Dance, fuck, scream. Go numb. I could manipulate my emotions artificially and for the first time in my life control them. I thought.     


When I found my mother dead, I reached over her body to take the Xanax out of her purse. "I'll need these later." Junkie mentality. I called 911 after, and cleared out all the pills from all of her stash spots before the paramedics showed up. I'd quit my job and school to take care of her when it became obvious she wasn't going to get better, so I knew I'd need to flip them to support myself for a while. Junkie mentality. Survivor mentality? The line blurs a bit.    


I went off the deep end. I ended up in jail for three days, and dealt with a lot of legal issues as a result. It saved my life in a lot of ways, honestly. I don't like to call myself sober because I still smoke weed and I've done some party drugs, but I haven't touched the hard shit in four and a half years. I realized I was escaping, running, forgetting. I don't want to continue the cycle of abuse that I grew up in.    


So, I started to look inward. I saw a grief counselor, I did reiki healings, chakra healings. I made progress. I felt better. After five years of digging and seeking, I thought I was ready for a romantic relationship. I wasn't. It was a hard year, we drove each other crazy. There was a lot of emotional abuse and codependency on both parts. I have more work to do.  He wanted to support me while I did the work. We tried.     


Then I got sick. We moved back to my home so I could seek medical care. I got back into therapy. I got a personal trainer. I made progress. He stagnated. He left, we were long distance.     


Since he's left, I've aggressively sought care for my mental and physical health. I started receiving treatment for my bladder disease. I got a slew of specialists. They're all wonderful.     


My psychiatrist believes I've been misdiagnosed for ten years. I'm not bipolar, I have borderline personality disorder. Girl, Interrupted was my favorite movie for years, it all makes sense. But my psychiatrist specializes in eating disorders, and I was honest with her. Apparently you can be both overweight and anorexic, and I was in denial about my relationship with food. I didn't look sick. I relapsed into my ED hard. I lost weight. I felt in control. I was spiraling.     


Then the diagnoses started piling up. Interstitial cystitis, BPD, OCD, Atypical anorexia with bulimic tendencies. An abnormal pap, which shouldn't be a big deal, but it was my first one in ten years. I honestly never expected to live this long, so health insurance was never a priority. I have a high risk strain of HPV. It could be cancer. Now we're waiting for labs to come back to verify if I have rheumatoid arthritis or fibromyalgia.    


Then, my grandmother who basically raised me died. My boyfriend and I broke up. I'm stuck in insurance limbo for another week or two until I can schedule the biopsy. I'm waiting for more information before moving forward with treatment for my eating disorder, or applying for disability. I'm broke. I'm so lonely. I feel so broken and unlovable.      


And it's hard to be optimistic and positive about these scary possibilities. A part of me is relieved. Maybe it's almost over. Maybe the game will end in a few turns and I can re-roll my character, pick an easier class. Put more points in constitution.     


It's hard not to Google methods of killing myself. It's hard to convince myself I deserve a healthy body and a happy life. I am exhausted by the constant war between my desire for recovery and my inability to see the fucking point of it all.     


This is scary. It's heavy. I'm tired. I just want to wake up and be thankful instead of disappointed. I want learn to live with and love myself.  What's it like to not feel guilty every time you eat? To not weigh yourself before and after you shit, then base your mood and decisions on the number you see? It feels like such a pipe dream. So far away.  I don't know if I'm strong enough to make it to the other side.     


"My body is a cage that keeps me from dancing with the one I love. But my mind holds the key." 


I kind of word vomited there. If you made it this far, I appreciate you. Maybe you get it.  


