Why is death the only option for me?28 yro Male. Unemployed.

 Started life as the most silent, obedient, good boy, in a 3rd world country.

Diagnosed with Aspergers at 5. No one did anything about it.

I was a brilliant kid. I was happy, naive, full of joy, enthusiasm. Got dimmer and dimmer each year, hating life more and more, eventually saw through my own BS, triggering my self hatred around 18.

Got a degree in economics (although i have no interest in any office slavery); worked for a couple of years in a mid sized company (export dept), hating every single day of it. 

(You basically prepare documents to be signed by someone. I have no idea how people can endure an office job. I felt i didnt belong there at all)

I loved astronomy since i was 4-5. I learned English on my own before 8. Fastforward 20 years, i cant even think about living the rest of my miserable life.

Didnt care for a girlfriend. I had 3-4 relationships each lasted around a year(probably because i was agreeable).

I didnt have many friends. I couldnt fit in. I tried at times, hitting a wall, reminding me of my nature.
I am not like people, I am awkward.

I am not the best, therefore i will be cheated on at some point. In fact i have been cheated on. No point in chasing a relationship.

I WONT grind/farm social status to feel loved and cared. 

How fucked up is this bullshit?

I dont know what to do in this life anymore.

No aspiration, no dream job, no love, no hope, no social status, no routines, no breakfast.
Went from  200 to 130 pounds in a year simply because i am not eating more than a bite/day anymore.

I do not want to see any professionals as they only prove my points. They are painfuly predictable. 
I could predict 90% of the sentences Im going to be told before i go to a "therapy"(this actually happened)

Life really is hell. It is a never-ending insult. A joke. It is so unbelievably pointless and equally complex at the same time. Maybe that is the joke.

At least it will end one day whether or not I do it.

Death is the only justification to this meaningless suffering.