I was accepted into my dream school but can’t afford to attend, now I want to dieLast October my first relationship failed due to paranoid delusions as well as meddling by a childhood rival. Around that time we read Hamlet in English, and I was chosen to read the soliloquies about suicide because I had a British accent. My teacher yelled at me calling me selfish, hell bound etc not knowing I had attempted it three times irl. I started crying and had to leave the class. This led to rumors as well as sexual harassment by boys (and one girl) with a “suicide victim fetish.” Two boys at my school wanted a student to die so our school would be on the news and then encouraged me to commit suicide. I had a breakdown and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder leading to bullying from family members. I went into psychosis and did poorly in my classes but worked hard after to get it back up and finished the semester with a 4.1.

I was accepted to a top private school to study Economics and Actuarial Science but could not afford to attend (it’s 70k per year) and have an agreement with them that I will attend community college for two years, transfer and will graduate with a degree from the top school but only pay for two years of tuition. I feel bad because all my friends will be in the dorms and I will be living at home. I also feel scared that others will look down on me for attending community college.

I attempted suicide twice not solely because of the University issues but because of the cumulative stress of everything that happened this year.

I’m starting to realize that this is a silly reason to kill myself and I’m scared to die. I don’t want to kill myself but I want to get my life in order. I have a serious mental illness and believe that I can read minds and control the weather as well as that God and Satan are speaking to me. I hear voices all the time and have episodes where I relive suicide attempts. I struggle socially because I’m constantly reading minds and hearing that everyone thinks such terrible things about me.