I had a glimpse of happiness and then had it ripped away from me. I don't want to go on now.I'm going to turn 21 tomorrow. Ever since I was 13 i was clinically depressed. My mom didnt let me take medication, she would always say that I was just being dramatic. I cut myself and also tried to commit suicide twice. I was in a horrible abusive relationship for 3 years before escaping. During that time I had no self respect for myself. I would let people touch me however they wanted and even slept with a guy who was 12 years older than me. I didn't care about myself because frankly I always thought "Well. I'm just going to kill myself anyway. No one will care. Everyone will be happier. Mom won't have to waste money buying me clothes or random things that I don't need, Des will finally have her own room, they will get money from my life insurance." Trust me the list goes on. It's literally all I think about at night now. How much everyone will be better off without me. 3 weeks ago, I got out of a 5 year relationship. He treated me like crap and always insulted me, but he took care of me money wise. His family kept me fed and let me live with them so I wouldnt have to stay in my roach infested home. I always knew I was unhappy and that I was dating him for the wrong reasons. 3 months ago I finally got a small job. That's when things started to look better. I met my co worker who made me happy. Whenever we would talk I felt like I could tell him anything. The only thing was that... He was in a relationship and that he had a 7 month old daughter. When he confessed to me he said he was willing to work twice as hard for me and his daughter because "I was worth it". So i broke up with my boyfriend of 5 years and went back to my roach infested home because I believed him. 3 days later he left his girlfriend and that same day, we went out. We went to the city, to the beach, walked around at night, watched the sunset. It was amazing. To me, everything was looking up. I had my happiness and I was willing to work harder than ever. Then I promptly had ripped away from my finger tips. My job isnt calling me in for shifts because I can't meet their quota so I'm not getting a lot of money. Not to mention there are rumors going around that I'm just a slut who made him break up with his girlfriend. Then his crazy ex calls me and leaves me messages saying that "He never loved me and that he was just using me" and that I "ruined his daughters chances of having a happy family." Those messages cut me so deep that all I did was cry that night. I felt so horrible. The next day he called me and said that his ex would file for full custody of his daughter if he stayed with me so we can't talk or hangout until they can come to an agreement. So now I don't even have him. The one little sliver of hope i had. It's all gone. I wish there was a way for me to just run away from it all. I hate it here. My family lives in filth and garbage and they don't even care. I don't even have a lot of money but they still ask for money and when I say no, I'M labeled as the bad one. I have no one to ask for help. No one. No money, No relationships, No help at all. I'm going to be 21 tomorrow and I'm just a fucking failure and it's probably never going to get better. Since I was born all i am is a fucking burden. It's better if I don't even exist because frankly. I don't think it will matter much to anyone anyway.