I've been feeling extremely lonely. I need some guidance.It all started when I went to my friend's place last weekend. It's a very long story, and there are a lot of details that I could point out that makes this whole thing more understandable, but I wish not to delve too into it because of it would take ages to write.

To try to summarize what's been going on; we've been friends for almost 5 years (we went to the same school and kept in touch after we both graduated). I visited her place over the weekend and things were going sorta fine. She had recently installed Tinder and was kind of obsessed with the whole thing, texting random people she matched with and just being on the phone a lot in general. Now this wouldn't really bother me (we're not in a relationship so she can do whatever she wants, right?), but I guess I kinda felt neglected and unappreciated. Like it didn't matter that we were hanging out.

Now we both did things together. Went out to eat, sat down in a pub and had a few drinks, just normal fun stuff like that. But I couldn't shake the feeling like I didn't mean anything to her. She kept trying to get friends to join and stuff like that. I don't know why this hurt me more than it should, but it really affected my mood and I felt like shit.

A lot more small stuff happened like that, but like I said previously, it would take too long to type out. Skip to Sunday and everything was off. I feel like nobody cares for me or wants to talk to me. I've talked to her a few more times since the weekend but she's been feeling distant and even when I made plans to talk to her after she got home from a friends house, she didn't even call me and the next day when I asked what she's been up to, she told me she was busy talking to some Tinder guy the whole night and didn't get any sleep. Why does this bother me so much all of a sudden? I almost feel like I've developed feelings for her and it scares me, because I've never felt this way for her before. Whenever I talk to my friends I just feel really hollow and sad. What the fuck is going on with me? I feel like I'm missing something in my life and I don't know what it is.

Sorry if this post is a big mess, but I need to get this off my chest. I feel so undesirable at the moment and it's making me extremely depressed. Do you guys have any advice for me? What should I do in a situation like this?

Thanks for reading...