Paranoia-controlled lifeFor the past three years I have been suffering from an extremely strange twist on my reality. I still have not been able to explain well to others what exactly is going on in my head, because even I don't fully understand. I will start from the beginning with my best attempt to summarize the problem.

When I was 19, I was self-medicating with weed and alcohol on a daily basis. There's no doubt in my mind that smoking pot plagued me with a lasting paranoia beyond the initial high or trip. Say what you want about weed, but the fact about it is that it can be very dangerous for some people. It shattered my self-esteem and I still feel like I am in constant danger. At this same point in my life I was very isolated and depressed. The most regretful part about this time is that I was self-loathing and didn't realize how much opportunity around me there was to make positive changes. In other words, I was being a bitch about the life I had. I am a lot better about this now, and have no problem displaying positivity in front of others when I have the chance to do it. I freeze up with nervousness in some social situations, but I kicked the tendency to try to look sad for sympathy. The subject of looking upset in front of others was not a completely new thing, either. Even as a little kid and teenager people would say to me things like, "what's wrong? you look sad.", or "you look like you are in physical pain. what is going on?", or "you need to smile more." Also, I have always had red, watery eyes. This led people to believe that I was stoned all the time, even though I had never even seen weed until I started college. I say this to explain that others have seen sadness or seriousness on my face when I am not trying to send off that energy, and to transition into the beginning of the traumatic part.

At the job I had when I was self-loathing I was purposefully looking down, enough to the point where my coworkers thought I was actually crying. I wasn't actually spilling tears because I had to work and didn't want to, but I was figuratively crying about my life at work in front of others. It took me awhile to figure out that people came to this conclusion, but when I did I quit. If I could choose a saying to apply to this, it is definitely, "you got what you wished for." I wanted people to see that I was sad, and I got that in a way that was humiliating. I was happy to be at work. I really liked that job. I had perfect attendance and took pride in my position with nerdiness. Realizing that people thought I was crying over having to work made me panic to the point of having to hold back tears. I let the opinion of others take control of me.

The next job I started was bussing tables. I went into this job care-free, ready to forget my previous experience of regret and embarrassment. I had already started to make an effort to act uplifted when I started working here. Even when I felt comfortable and believed that I had picked a good gig because the restaurant speed and environment was enjoyable, people thought I was crying over the work. I swear, I would feel totally calm and ask a customer if I could take a plate, and they would be holding back laughter refusing to make eye contact with me. When I realized this I became so self-conscious about the way my face looked that almost every time a customer would ask me something I would feel like I was about to cry. My face would twitch and my lip would quiver. I never had tears streaming down my face at work, but I would be on the verge of tears from the paranoia and panic. This was an even more humiliating work experience for me, because the public was there to witness and the town began to talk. My reputation was completely stained with pathetic stories. 

This same thing repeated with three jobs after this one. After over three years since the problem first appeared, there have been brighter times from then until now, where the problem has not been fully surfaced in my every day life like it is now. But it always creeps back in and pulls me down. I still can not figure out if I looked so anxious and depressed that the appearance of my watery eyes led people to believe that I was crying. What I do know is that I allowed it to push me over and become a reality. Now it completely controls my life. If I just talk to someone face to face, it makes me want to cry. Imagine just having someone ask you directions to a train station, and becoming so overwhelmed with self-consciousness that you begin to shake and tremble with a face about to weep. When I walk down the street I feel like everyone will look at me and think I am crying. So I always feel like I am about to do so. It's not to the point of tears streaming down my face in public, but it's everything that starts before that when anyone cries. It's a cringed face, quivering lower lip, trembling, etc. I now live in NYC, and just walking down the street is a horror. Everyone on my street recognizes me as the young guy who you can see trying not to cry. The delusional thoughts I have create the reality. 

I can't think of anything more embarrassing for a twenty-two year old male to be going through. I am only still living because of the fear of hurting family and friends I would leave behind. I think about jumping in front of the train a lot. I go to a therapist once a week, have tried multiple anxiety and depression medications (currently tapering off Lamictal, which makes everything a hell of a lot worse), and the only thing that really helps are benzodiazepines. Smoking weed definitely exaggerated panic in me, and I believe this is why I am easily overcome with fear when people look at me. A lot of the thoughts that would float through my brain during stoned contemplation would be self-critical, so I believe that those thoughts created an immense negative view of myself that I wrongly presumed people saw too. It has been over two years since I bought weed, but I have accepted hits every now and then. Now I will completely refuse it because of the state of my brain. To make matters worse I have used cocaine a little bit. It was never an addiction, but just an unhealthy choice I made several times, which obviously did not help with paranoia. Before I started getting high, I was a bright kid and handled conflict well with my first job. I knew how to handle customers yelling at me.  

I would appreciate any stories of overcoming serious paranoia, or advice on treatments that I may not know about. I am trying to find some kind of practical coping method. Thanks for reading a post this long.  

edit - I am new to reddit, so any subs you think I should transfer this to would be appreciated