I've come so far, but now I'm not sure I want to go further.I've been struggling with depression for about 25 years. Maybe longer. I had a hard childhood, and a rough young adulthood, but in the past decade, I completed college, found a supportive, loving partner and started making strides toward health and recovery. I finally found a therapist (I've seen so many) that I feel is helping me, and I found a psychiatrist that I feel understands what I need. I've been successfully medicated for over a year now - as in no real setbacks, or long periods of deep depression. I've made huge strides in managing my anxiety and disordered eating. 

In the past few years, everything seemed to be getting better. Therapy has been hard, as I've been facing a lot of old trauma, but overall I have been feeling more hopeful. Things around my job have been improving as well. I like it more - I recently got a nice raise and good feedback about my performance. I've been focusing more on making art, and I've been getting better at liking myself/being kind to myself. But I still feel very alone. 

I've always struggled with intimacy, and close friendships. I can't seem to bring myself to really let people help me, or get close to me. It's a terrifying prospect. But I have worked on my most intimate relationship (outside of the one with myself) with my partner, for the last ten years. In April, my partner had a bad reaction to a bout of sadness, and an issue I had with him, that I approached him about - a long story, but I asked for something from him and he didn't think I deserved it (his words) and was very offended that I'd even ask. Instead of having a discussion about it, he shut down. He revealed to me that he no longer had any patience for me and my issues. He was spent. This came as a shock to me because I felt I was making so much progress, and it seemed to come out of nowhere. Turns out it didn't look like progress from the outside, and I didn't know how hard it has been on him to love me.

I know he has been very patient all these years, and I have been difficult to love and be close to, but I'm finally getting better. Like, for real. I'm facing more than I ever have, and more aggressively than ever. I'm becoming whole, finally. Slowly. And we've been seeing a couple's therapist for a few weeks. I thought we had made some progress.

So why is it after all this recovery, I have another awful fight with him and I'm thinking of how I'm going to kill myself? I have a shotgun, and I have medication that would do it. I'm trying to talk myself out of it because of how much it would hurt people that love me. I am trying to remember what it felt like to think of it as a coward's way out. It used to feel like an escape, or a way to avoid getting stronger or doing the hard work to get better. But now it just feels like rest, and I just want to rest. I haven't felt this tired in a long time. Not depressed, not angry, just tired. I imagine how much more strength I will need to wake up Monday for work on time, put food in my body, or shower - let alone fix this travesty of a relationship with a separate, complex, autonomous human being... or even to learn how to be alone again after all of this work I put in to being together... and I can't see it in me. That strength I need. There's no one in my life that I feel safe enough to share this with. There is no one else I can afford to burden. I guess that's why I'm here. A throwaway. I don't know what I want. I don't want to be talked out of it. I don't think I want commiseration. I think I just want to leave something behind. A thought. A piece of me. An intention that won't hurt anyone I love, and that is only mine. I want to go to sleep and I want to know that there won't be anymore struggle when I wake up, because I simply don't wake up. Maybe a little ahead of schedule, but then again, maybe not. After all, none of us really know when we're going to die for sure. Maybe I just need to get this off of my chest to get past this feeling. I want to feel proud of myself for how hard I have fought, and how far I have come. I think I do feel proud.  I finally am starting to feel inherently valuable. I have been strong. I have fought hard. And I deserve some rest. I deserve to decide when I am done fighting. 