It's late and I assume I may not get any, but I need help.For the past year and a half or so, I have been entirely overcome with guilt and shame. It was during this point in my life that I made a choice that is now my most burning regret and I feel as if I have nowhere to begin. Firstly, I am autistic. This has caused me to lead a very lonely life, even when at times I do not want to, however those times are rare. You could say that I am exponentially independent but everyone needs someone at times, I suppose. I am currently 19 years of age and come age 11 I began experimenting various methods of self harm ranging from scratching and burning to cutting. Counselors have often asked, how could you begin so young? I suppose these are all things I have learned from seeing my mother do them as a child. At age 13, I began to experiment with several drugs and in turn became dependent upon more than one. At 14 and since I have struggled with bulimia and binge eating disorder off and on. At 15, I was raped while I had been dating a boy. He was fairly popular, had a lot of friends and all of them told everyone that I was a whore and a slut, among various other things. I accept now that they did this because of some kind of issues within themselves, but the outcome of these actions were the years of bullying that followed. That can be hard to forgive, when you go to school and each time you turn your head someone is laughing at you or giving you dirty looks and saying horrible things to you and you don't even know their name. At a point in my life when I thought I could not feel more alone or disgusting or dirty, everyone around me made sure I felt much more than I already had. After I'd finally had enough, I left my high school at the end of my sophomore year to achieve my diploma from a charter school. I often look back on my life and I feel very ashamed. I think of the hurt I caused my parents, whom I love very much. I feel sorry for my best friend who has had to watch me struggle. I think of how a majority of people in my town have a very untrue predisposition about who I am, which I thought would have ended upon leaving my high school. It didn't. I wish I could have had a normal life and a normal childhood but all I see looking back in retrospect and even looking at myself now is me being plain fucking weird and out of place. I look back and wonder why I am 19 years old and I can't even feed myself like a normal person. I see myself feeling anxious and aimless when I sometimes can't even think of why. I want to excel, I have so many dreams for my future and I truly am such an ambitious person. I love animals and science is one of the only things I've ever truly excelled at. I would like to major in psychology and somehow land myself a job in a zoo. The dilemma is that I fear failure in that department. It is a gamble to want a job with animals. It is a gamble to want a job as a chef. It is a gamble to want to be a musician, own a bakery, or be a painter. All the things I can see myself loving are a gamble. My future is 50/50, any which way. I feel sad because I feel like my friends have it all figured out, their futures. A neurosurgeon, a nurse, an unbelievably promising musician. I feel a bit envious, but so proud of them at the same time. These feelings can conflict with each other. Growing up, my mom has had bipolar disorder, PTSD, addison's disease, panic/anxiety disorder, and as much as I love her it has been hard. It has been hard to be her only sense of purpose in life, and now in turn she is mine. I know that if I were to end it all, she would do the same and I could never leave my dad alone because he is my absolute best friend. I feel an overwhelming sense of responsibility to stay alive for the sake of my mother's happiness. This is and has been a gargantuan weight to carry. While we love each other enough to basically keep each other alive in a sense, as she has bipolar disorder I feel as if she has said some things and done some things that are hard to forgive. It is hard when one day you are someone's best friend, a great daughter, they are so proud of you and then the next day you are an idiot that they wish had never been born, that they want to run away to get away from you. I remember every single time she's wanted to run away and leave and just abandon me, and I am so thankful that she never has for long. I remember seeing the cuts on her arms and her in and out of psychiatric hospitals for numerous suicide attempts. I am endlessly thankful that she is still here, but because of her actions I feel invaluable and like I was never good enough for my mom, the one whose supposed to love me the most. It is kind of silly considering my previous contrasting statement of how I am her only sense of purpose. We have a complicated relationship. I remember every time anyone has said something hurtful to me on a personal level and it replays in my head. Any time I've felt violated, any time someone's called me stupid or anything else. Through all these lonely years, I've found only one person who has been a glimmering light at the end of this shitty fucking tunnel and I am about to lose them as a repercussion of a mistake I'd made and learned from. I feel like I hate myself and I feel angry at myself and undeserving and incapable to fulfill my basic human needs. I will barely sleep, or sleep for 15 hours. I have to drag myself to the shower, and force myself to eat. I feel defeated. I feel silly to complain about something going on inside of a romantic relationship on the internet but when you truly love someone and you have an unbelievably hefty conscious, it's nearly unbearable. This is the part of my life that is bothering me the absolute most right now. I feel like there is absolutely no where for me to turn or to begin. I feel completely and utterly lost like I never even thought I could. The only person I ever had to hold me when I felt even remotely close to this is the person I am losing and I feel like a completely despicable and worthless waste of space. I get it, you're not supposed to make someone your whole life. I'm not sure that's what I've done, but what I do know for sure is that I've never met anyone that I feel like could share my life for as long as maybe even forever. I feel like my future is in shambles, everything I'd hoped for. I really need someone to talk to, to whom I can actually elaborate about what is going on. I apologize if this appeared as rambling, it is only that these feelings are overwhelming and I feel as if I can't go on or that there is no point. 