Does depression ever go away? RantIt'a so hard to study when you don't even care about your life. What's the point if I keep being sad? Even stupid shit like writing an email or taking an appointment seem so hard and pointless to do. And then you come off as lazy to people and family, but no one knows. And you can't tell to anyone because the people you are supposed to be telling it to are the same people that made you depressed and the last people you'd trust.

Sometimes I sleep all day, it's the only way to not feel the sadness. Sometimes I am so unmotivated that I skip meals, my stomach is telling me to eat but I can't even find a reason to cook or chew, what's the point in eating, to stay alive, if i don't want to be alive?

It's cycles of feeling positive that maybe this can get fixed, to realising it was all an illusion, and this cycles can last literally 1 minute, jumping from fake happiness and motivation to being sad again, or last a few days, an it's been like this since years, but nothing really changes.

Doesn't matter what I do, excercise daily, study, try to go out, I keep being sad. It's like it's a reality or a way of thinking rooted so deep that's impossible to remove. Like a CD of sadness that keeps spinning and rules your mind, and happy people simply have a different CD that make them think/react differently. But this CD is literally your brain and you can't change it.

Even when i think i feel happy, i know it's not happiness, it's hard to describe but it's like a feeling of malincony that makes me realise that nothing really matters because i'm nothing but a small grain of salt in the universe, and i feel relieved, and of all the feelings I've ever had it's the closest to happiness, but I know it's not it. It's like the less shitty feeling out of all the shitty feelings i have, and it doesn't get better than that.

Even when i do something I like or when i don't think, I feel that sense of inadequacy in my stomach and my brain is always on that state of sadness. Even when i don't think about it, it's still there. It's like being sad is my only reality, i don't remember a time when I was happy, to me being happy as they describe it it's like a myth, i'm beginning to think that no one is really ever happy because I have no idea what happiness is, even as a child I remember feeling inadequate and sad, mostly because of how my parents raised me. They fucked me up pretty badly.

Now I have ocd, general anxiety, the lowest self esteem that makes me even doubt about my identity or sexual orientation, depression, a mild ptsd and so many intrusive thoughts that are killing me. It's been 8 years of depression, not that i wasn't depressed before, but i realised it 8 yrs ago, and nothing has changed since then, it got just worse. I might have learnt how to deal with it a bit better, but i don't want to deal with it, i just want to not fucking have it. The only reason I haven't killed myself is because i think of my grandparents or my brother, and their life would be ruined if I did it. But i'm in a trap, i can't die, and I can't live happy.

If there was a button i could press to stop existing i'd do it, but i'm scared of suffering so having to actively kill myself plus the sense of remorse make it harder to do it.

And after all of the thinking about life and people and meaning that depression makes you do, I realise how bad the world really is and how people are in reality so selfish, and it's not that these thoughts are not real, depression simply makes you pay more attention to the bad stuff, and if you are happy you are aware of the bad stuff, but you are just happy so you don't pay attention to it or simply don't have any reason to care because you are naturally in a happy state, which i don't have.

And the worst is that I've never read about anyone with depression that got out of it, they just live with it, and i can't imagine going another 50 years of my life like this. This is not how I want to live.

I'm stuck