My "friends" don't give a fuck about meIt seems that lately, I've been dropping hints because I want to know that more than one person will care when I die.. not exactly because it will change my mind because my mind is set but because I want to know that I'm not completely alone in my death. But I've come to the realization that it's only my dad that will give a fuck or two, and as glad as I am that I have him, it's really depressing that I spend every day with two people that honestly don't mind pretending that everything is fine. Not that anyone actually cares, but I've come across a painless way to commit suicide and I'm so ready to get it over with but I'm caught on causing my dad so much pain. He's really the only reason I haven't yet and I'm scared to tell anyone in fear that someone will try to tell me they care so I don't do it
Nobody understands that it's a done deal already, I'm just waiting for the right time but how could I ask anyone to understand... I mean, it's not like they care if I go or not, it's just that they don't want to have to deal with it. Whether they were my "friend" or not. 
I say "friend" lightly because, really, I don't have any friends. I have two people that I spend most of my time with just to be depressed in someone's company. They don't try to help, they don't want to see me smile, they're just sick of dealing with me. I get it. It's a lot to handle when you have negative energy around all the time. I know, I know. You don't have to tell me. But it's the obvious truth. I'm only there so they're not alone. I just think they're gonna have to get used to it. I won't be around much longer. I don't know when I'm gonna do it.. I've told myself that I'm going to wait until my dad dies just so he doesn't have to try to cope with my suicide but at this point, I'm at a loss. I don't know if I can make it that long. I don't know if I can deal with life on top of losing my best friend and father. Idk. I don't even know why I'm posting here. I just feel like maybe it's not a problem to you guys. Maybe one of you actually care to be with me when it's my time. Maybe I'm not a hassle to you. Maybe I'm worth talking to instead of ignoring. Idk. Anyways.. I hope everyone is having a good night. 