As a Junkie they will think OD right?I’m 24m I have been wrestling with suicidal thoughts since I was about 14 its something that has always been there even when I’m happy it’s like a voice in my head telling me to end it all . Pretty much your usual whinny bullshit, parents are divorced, Dad never loved me and Mom is drug addict with severe mental problems. Cause mom was a drug addict I was left alone for huge periods of time as a child like 4-5 hours home alone or stuck in a car while mom is inside getting high which I think stunted my social skills.  I didn't know she was getting high till later in life when i was getting high and I mean at least she would leave the car running. 
	
Growing up was alright, things other people might find odd were my norms. Like getting the power cut off or running out of gas or even we don’t have food to eat today cause mom doesn’t get paid till Friday. My grandparents were able to send me to a private high school, which was rough for me but not the same was it is for most, I was big, great at sports and  smart so popularity wasn't an issue. But hanging out with people outside of school was. I was embarrassed about everything, how can you have people over to your house when the car their parents bought them  is worth more then your house, and even if they did come inside they would see what i can only describe as a junkie house (picture dirty dishes piled up, coffee table covered in cigarettes and drinks left over from when ever my mom was coherent). Which caused me to hang out with people closer to my economical class, which led to me finding drugs and it was like life finally made sense. I remember the first time I did an opiate it was great, the  voice in my head was shut up and all there was,  me content with life finally .  Ive tried to stay high pretty much constantly since then, maybe getting my shit together for a year or 2 ignoring the voice in my head that says just end it all now so you don’t have to suffer anymore. 
	
My happiness is very co-dependent, I’m only happy around other people, and for me to truly be happy I have to be in  a relationship. This is what makes things worst because its inevitable I will push the person away before they reject me, which leaves me alone. And when I’m alone the voice starts in telling me I’m useless and Ill never find anyone. Which I think is true, how can you meet someone who is not fucked up in the head or a drug addict and them accept you, when eventually you have the tell them you’ve had a drug/ metal health problems. And like everyone in the mental health field will say is “you gotta be happy with yourself before you can make someone else happy” but here is the thing Im never happy  with myself unless im trying to make someone else happy. 
	
So the last 4 years have been the roughest for me, After breaking up with my Gf of 2 years ( I have to give her credit, I know I pushed her away hard but she put up with it for a long time) I turned back to opiates as always. From there the people in my life have been terrible, it was acceptable to be dating prostitutes (you have to remember they are people too) like actually dating them not a guy who get them all the time and thinks its hes dating them, no I mean living in the same house and sleeping in the same bed every night, knowing when they leave in the morning what they are going to do, just to not be alone and keep me high . 
	
In the last year in a half Ive gotten fired, lost my car and license,  got arrested and contracted Hep C. Ive been clean for about 8 months now with very few slip ups (I honestly don’t want to do opiates anymore the pain is not worth the painlessness anymore).  But Ive had to cut a lot of people out of my life to do it, which again has left me alone with the voice . Recently because I had just got out of jail and shes knows im trying to stay off opiates my ex offered to let me live at her house. Which I took as maybe she wanted to get back together, and as you can guess that was obviously wrong, she just wanted to keep me safe. 
	
Its like how can I be happy because who is going to want, me, a junkie with mental problems, an arrest record, who has hep C, and a bunch of other problems. The answer is another junkie! So why keep going on living, when my options are be alone forever, or go back to the junkie lifestyle with the volatile relationships that come with it. 
	
Im getting at the end of the rope here and im thinking since most of the people that know me, know Ive had a drug problem, that if I were to OD that they would think it was an accident. The few people who truly know me deep down would know it was suicide but for the majority of people they would think I just took too much. It will be painless and easy plus ive been obsessed with Kurt Cobain since I can remember so it will be a nice homage to him.
Edit*- for context i have tried to OD twice once with DXM and once with Xanax both times i had been abusing the drugs so hard and had such a high tolerance i just woke up the next day. 

Maybe someone who knows me will see this after and they will understand me just a little bit better. 

TlDR- Didn’t have a terrible childhood. My happiness is directly proportional to having a Gf, but im broken now so Ill be forever alone. OD will make people think it was an accident. 