Tired of the everlasting fight28 male. Ive been depressed since i was 11. Always struggled with sleep ever since I could remember. For whatever reason I could never fall asleep until a few hours before i had to be awake. As an adult we worry about tomorrow. We worry about things that need to get done. We fantasize about things we want to happen. But as a 4 year old ? Idk.. i had lots of strange nightmares/dreams, out of body experiences as a kid. I had a fairly happy childhood, loving parents. I grew up on a horse farm. My grandfather was great when i was young. As soon as i was old enough to help with farm duties I quickly learned he was a different man. He would yell and degrade me if i was too slow to do a task or didn’t know what tool was what. As i got older he would yell at me saying i was worthless. What’s gonna happen when he dies to this farm? You’re gonna run it into the ground. How stupid can you be? My parents were never around to hear this. I would tell my parents but they would just say “ he says the same to me” I never wanted to be a farmer when i was a teen. I wanted to play with my friends n just find myself. But I would be forced to help on the farm against my will. If i was out on a Friday till 2 am with friends My mom would run in my room at 5 am panicking “ grandpa needs you!! Grandpa needs you! Get up u have to help him right now!” I wouldn’t even be able to eat breakfast. Id go down the barn only to learn i had to hold a flashlight. But that’s the trick. If i ever left after my “ flashlight duty” i would be degraded by my grandfather saying I don’t care about this farm. So id be stuck helping him from 5 am till 9 pm some days.. maybe most times id be till 6 or 7.. then id hang with my “ neighborhood friends “ who always made fun of me. I was the shy awkward kid in the group so i was easiest to make fun of. I get friends do that. But i was seriously always the butt of the joke even by some of their parents. I always smelled like horse shit n they thought i never showered. Even if i put new clothes on I would smell like the barn. Now as an adult I have ptsd from him n my mom always freaking out. I jump from any slight noise. Not to mention my sister is a screamer . She would get into scream fest with her bf. My house was always chaotic until i was 18. When I hung with my friends I couldn’t believe how peaceful things were. Sure bros n sis would fight parents would argue but it was never at an extreme level. To put my experience in perspective think of carmella n tony soprano fight in whitecaps.. that was the level of intensity i grew up with. 

Eventually my parents split when i was 17 Maybe younger. This affected me greatly. School was the worst experience ever. I was that weird kid who someone was able to fit in with any group yet i never had a best friend. Only ppl i hung out with were my neighbors nd were very different. Only friends because we’re neighbors. They’re more from a wealthy family too. They had so many things handed to them. I had to wash my own clothes when i was 10. They didn’t start till they were in their 20s. So they couldn’t relate to my home experiences. Happy parents happy home. Im glad they don’t relate tho. I hope no one does. Its an awful feeling. 

Anyway im trying to give you a bigger scope of why I struggle with depression and anxiety. I don’t wanna give my whole life story here but ill try n bullet point some things to shorten it up. 

: always struggled in school. Was in classes with assistant teacher for students who learned at a slower pace. 
: parents never encouraged me to get my license so i took the bus to school till graduation. Made me feel weird being on a bus with all 9th n 10th graders. 

:living with my mom alone... she had a bf down the street. She was never home.. i had no car no money n no job so I would eat crackers every night. I weighed 100 pounds. I was extremely skinny. 

: couldn’t get girlfriends in school 
: after school I finally got my license, had to move in with my father got work had money n finally started meeting ppl. 
: when okcupid n tinder was new I somehow got lucky in the beginning. Id meet ppl here n there. Hook up. 
: fell really hard for my coworker. She was everything i wanted in a relationship but she had a bf. There was moments where it looked like it would end but it never happened. 
: she was hard to get over. It took years. 
: I eventually started hooking up casually for a whole decade. I mean i wanted something serious. Everyone i met up with I went in seeing if it could go somewhere else but they weren’t right for me. I gave ppl chances I really didn’t like just to see if my feelings would change but it never did. 
There was one girl on my snapchat that caught my attention. She intimidated me. I took my time with her so I wouldn’t meet up n hook up. After 5 years we finally met. I met her friend Same night. We hit it off. Hung out the next two weeks. We cuddled the last night.  Then suddenly her friend tried hooking up with me. I was drunk n stupid. I teased the idea but I kept thinking about the girl I really wanted. Instead of telling her this I said I cant meet up tonight. Next day she’s being weird. I confront her about the texts n said shes used to guys playing games idc if u want to hook up with my friend u can do so. 
I told her i was sry n didn’t want to hook up with her. But the following week she ignored me. Eventually she told me she needed space. Sounds like it affected her a lil bit.. but months later I found out she knew her friend wanted to fuck me. She asked n said go for it. So this whole time her friend liked me as I liked the other girl. Apparently she already had other guys she wasn’t sure about the whole time. Idk why this couldn’t have been addressed from the beginning. After months i begged for clarity so I could move on and all she would say is “ idk im confused  I don’t really have time for a bf atm” she was working two jobs every day plus had problems with her roommate.. now that’s all cleared she doesn’t want a relationship with anybody. Nd i ruined my chances because one night she deleted me n refused to tell me or talk to me for a month. Making her friend talk for us both. One night she finally agreed to hangout but instead of chilling we went to bars.. when we arrived at her house she ran upstairs n went to bed. I was pissed so i rushed out. I was waiting 3 months to kno wth was goin on n 1 month since she removed me.. i needed answers I thought i was getting them that night. To have her run upstairs n not have the decency to say “ sry i feel like shit we’ll talk tomorrow “ it would have made me upset but at least respected. So i stormed out. Next day she yelled at me about it how i blew things out of proportion. Telling me whatever feelings were developing were gone. But she understood my pov in the end. I just don’t kno why she was so juvenile about the whole thing. Ik I smothered her a lil bit but that’s because she was being incredibly vague n unclear with everything. All she had to say from the beginning was “ hey look theres a lot going on in my life right now idk if I want a relationship with anyone but my friend has a crush on you. Maybe see where that goes. Im sry” nd boom that would have savd me months of not worrying about my worth. Did i do something wrong. Crying every night. Not sleeping. She really fucked me up. Idk what it is about this girl but i saw myself n her having a future. Yet she had to play these dumb games with me. Im giving her the benefit of the doubt she is 23 nd her best guy friend eventually told me she can be veryyy immature n not know how to handle situations but he’s trying to help her. 

: even common friendships i feel like its pulling teeth to have ppl be your friend. No one wants to do anything. I just don’t relate with anyone, i fear. 
: im into music and film. I go to open mics, film events nd i find myself not relating with anyone. 
I try to squeeze my way into conversations if I actually have something to say to the topic. Sometimes it works other times ppl ignore me like im a ghost. 

I seriously feel so alone in this world. 
Im tired of always being the one chasing friends to do things. I always get “ cant im busy” “ maybe tomorrow “ n then i see them hanging with friends... I’ll confront them n they’ll just be like “ oh we just went to get a quick drink.. oh we just needed something at the mall.” Im that weird friend who enjoys going on errands with friends. But no one wants me. 

: im sick of needing to shower every day, clip nails, dry off, wash clothes dishes. Brush teeth. All these mundane things. Im so sick of doing it. Shaving. Cutting hair. I dread going to bed every night. Takes alll night to sleep n when i do I wake up after 3 hours need to piss n then im wide awake for 5 hours. Then I cant get out of bed. Doesn’t help my bedroom has no window. 
 
Im afraid of death but when i cant sleep n I wake up at 4 pm it makes me feel like strangling myself to death to stop this pain. I just want my life to take a break. But im also afraid ill lose out on more time if i go away somewhere away from work nd my goals of being a filmmaker. Im almost nearing 30. It scares me. Ik its not old but i feel I should have things in order by now. I don’t wanna be 46 n have a kid. I don’t wanna be a 60 year old dad when they’re in their 20s. Im just so scared. 

This life is flashing by and i feel like im aging too. I look 17 but feel 50. Having your dysfunctional family degrade u at a young age i feel like i matured before everyone in my school n peers. Maybe that’s y I struggled in school. I never got to just be a kid. So now that im an adult with my own money car n freedom i try to live everyday as its the last. I never partied when i was 15- 25. My neighbors never invited me when they were out partying. 
So I have this spontaneous mindset i guess. Heres an idea lets do it. But no one cares to. 

I just feel so fucked up. I honestly didn’t think id make it past high school or 27 and now im 28. I hate that suicide has been with me for a majority of my life. It scares me .. if I can’t shake it now nd so many 40 year olds kill themselves.. why will i be different?