From one day to another, i lost the will to fightOh man, have i tried. When all you know is struggle and pain, it even feels almost like what's normal is to get up every morning and fight to get that little bit of enjoyment out of life, in the midst of all kinds of suffering. I've been doing just that for most of my life, and i feel no one understands it, at least my family and friends don't fully grasp the concept. They think i have phases where i feel better and other when i don't.

The truth is i always feel bad. There are just stages when i have energy to fight against it. But the other day, after finishing my college period, i understood something i never had. Is life supposed to be an eternal fight against oneself, where enjoyment and happiness and acomplishment comes only through amazing effort and spoiled by my negative state of mind? Have i ever felt like it was worth it? Right now im on holidays, have all the time and money i could ever need, but i don't want to do anything, just lay in my bed wasting time.

I discovered that, when you remove all the things that cause me pain like social situations, stress from college, trying to be the best, planning stuff, trying to hide my true self from others, there's nothing left. I have stayed so long living for other people that i am empty when not living for another persons expectations. I am not even here anymore, no dreams, no convictions, nothing. I don't have a will anymore.

All the time i try to be perfect, tidy, kind, better, just from the necessity of giving meaning to a life that, if left to be, has none of it. There's no such thing as order, perfection and i know it, but it's my only hope to archieving satisfaction not found in other areas of life i've been missing out on. But now that i see the uselesness of it all, i'm done searching. I give up on life.

I wish i just died, from a disease or a crash so my parents and friends wouldn't blame it on themselves. Other people have it much worse i know, but it's not my fault. Am i a coward? Maybe, but I just want out of this.

If someone reads this, thank you,sincerely. This is the only place i can be honest with how i feel.