My best friend accused me of a crime I didn’t do at university and placed evidence against me. I lost the case and have “suspension” on my transcript. Scared no other university will accept me. I have very high marks. I lost everything. Not sure if I want to live if I can’t get an education again.So yeah, I know this all sounds weird.

 But my best friend got angry at me for some reason and decided to make a case against me. I ended up losing and now on my transcript it says

“Suspended for a code of conduct violation”

I have a 90% average in uni (3.87 GPA) but so far got rejected by one of the 4 universities I applied to (when I was in high school that uni gave me a free 2 years now they just rejected me straight up)

I’m worried about my future man. I am a hard working guy, and have lots of work experience. 

But because of this one thing, I’m not sure if I will be given a second chance from another place. 

I lost everything. My good friends miss me and I see them enjoying without me. The girls I was dating are gone and now I’m all alone at home. Im constantly stressed because I am scared for my future.

If I can’t get in anywhere, I don’t know what to do. I’m already a shame for the family. 

I miss university life. I miss studying and working hard and having fun. 

Just because of one little text, and something I didn’t do, I’m scared nobody will accept me. 

I’ve already been though a lot, as because of the case, I was put in a mental hospital for a couple of days (worst days of my life). 

I seriously just want to be a student again and make my future. Everyone that looked up to me, I can no longer be their role model or be there for them because I am suddenly unworthy.

If I don’t get in anywhere, I may try to just give up. It would be very hard for me to pull the plug as I don’t think I would make it that far, but I’ve seriously been extremely depressed. I wish I was just hit by a car everyday or suddenly dropped dead by the forces of nature as I don’t have the mindset to do it myself.

I don’t know it’s been extremely hard. Especially since it was my best friend who made a false case against me. He teamed up with my ex to do it as well. He just got mad at my academic progress and I was making new friends at the same time. 

In the meanwhile, I’ve been developing myself through healthy habits like reading, exercise, etc, while I wait for an admission. But still, I wish I was dead so I don’t have to deal with this. 

I don’t know how I’m going to get a job or anything because of this. When I get to a new uni, I’m sure I can make this part of the past, but I don’t know. 

It has been a dark dark place.