I genuinely cannot find a reason to keep going.21 / M

This is probably going to be a wordwall, so bear with me.

It all started about 2007. I was about 11, maybe it was a year later in which case I was 12. I was a pretty popular kid. Straight A student, was friends with pretty much everyone, and even had a girl or two that had a crush on me. I was still a little depressed, but not much. I had just gotten my first cellphone, along with almost every kid in my school. It was a tracphone, or one of those services. It was a feature phone, so nothing fancy even for the time. But it was mine, so I used it proudly. I had waited until I was the age my mom made my older half-sister wait, and I had gotten it. I was happy.

Then, out of nowhere, my younger sister came home with a smartphone. She was two years younger, so long before she actually should have had a phone, let alone a smartphone. Every time I asked my mom what was going on she kept saying "The phone is free." Obviously it wasn't and even then I knew that wasn't true.

Then after the first month's bill came in on that phone, she immediately stopped paying for mine. I kept asking her what is up and she just gave me no reason. This, obviously, made me depressed. Most kids at school stopped talking to me, whether it was because I didn't have a phone anymore (kids are jerks) or because I was so depressed all the time, I don't know. Only two kids continued to talk to me.

Then, one day my teacher yelled at one of the students. It wasn't anything awful, but as a kid it seemed a little strange. I told my mom on the way home and she pretty much immediately pulled me out of school to be homeschooled. As a kid who was getting straight A's and was kind of bored in regular classes, but didn't make it into the advanced classes, I thought "eh whatever this'll be better." I was completely wrong. She barely taught me anything, which made me even more depressed than I was. Then, to make things worse, one of the two friends I had pretty much stopped talking to me because we had no way to talk anymore. The one that remained barely talked to me even then, as they got more and more into texting over phone calls.

Every time I tried to get a hobby or take part in an activity so I could actually do something with my time and make friends, I was always told we didn't have enough money. Meanwhile she spent over $100/mo on my sister's cellphone, paid probably several hundred on softball gear each year on my sister, paid God knows how much on dresses/makeup/nails/hair for her dances, plus concerts, plus football game tickets, plus at least $20 every weekend to do things with her friends. (Which became more and more as she grew older) Even when I wanted to get into wood carving, which would have cost about $30 max, I was told she didn't have enough money. Clearly she did, but I wasn't worth it.

I couldn't understand this. My sister was a complete monster all the time. She always threw fits, cussed my mother out, called her (and everyone else in the family) names, and has stolen from several family members because she thinks the world revolves around her. I was the one who did all the chores around the house. I was the one who consoled my mother when she was brought to tears by my younger sister. I was the one who brought her coffee when she got home from work. I was the one who cooked for her when I got older. I was the one who walked the dogs for her. I did literally everything for her and got nothing. Then I was always told I didn't do enough around the house. But my sister would do the dishes once and get a free pass for the next month.

My only way out of this was about 4 years ago now, back in 2013. My cousins were trying to start a live theater company in my small town in memory of my half sister, who passed away on Halloween that year, and forced me to help out. I did so begrudgingly, but I did it. It had been about 6 years of just sitting and staring at nothing all day every day, so I couldn't socialize at all. I didn't know how to have a conversation or how to act around people. I had a chance to make things better, but I couldn't because I didn't know how. There were a few people around my age, but I didn't know how to socialize with them so I couldn't actually make friends with them. 

My sister and I started studying for our licenses around the same time. She started a little bit sooner than I did, so she finished before I did. My Mom immediately gave her the only working car we had. I kept telling her it wasn't fair, but she didn't care. So, seeing as I was never going to be able to drive it, I just stopped studying for it. 

Eventually, because I didn't have a way to get places, I was included in less and less of the hanging out that went on with the people at the theater my cousins founded. Every now and then I'd get a ride, but not often.

Eventually, after having to badger my mom day in and day out, she told me the broken down car we had would be mine once my stepdad fixed it. So I started studying again. Then my sister, being the irresponsible brat she is, totaled her car and my mom gave her mine. I was completely heartbroken by this. It was pretty much my last chance to actually get moving, but she took it away. I couldn't even get a job because I had no way to get to work. Every place in walking distance wasn't hiring, My Mom worked all day, and I didn't really have any relatives that could take me. I begged and begged for months for my mom to take my car back but every time she refused, stating my sister needed it for work. More than half the time she had it, she didn't have a job. Every time I mentioned that I also need it for work, all I got was "We'll find a way to get you" even though this was a lie as I couldn't even get to theater things half the time.

I had to beg her for about 6-8 months to replace the car so I could do things. She finally said she would and now I have one, but I can't find a point.

4 years after starting things again, I still can't socialize at all. I have no friends. I've never had a girlfriend. I've never had a job. I missed out on the chance to do anything as a teenager. I've never been to a concert, a party, nothing. Now everyone in my family expects to just jump into being an adult, getting a job and moving out. I can't do it. 

No one cares about me. Every time I try to talk with my mom she just walks away after 5 minutes or goes to sleep. 

How can I be an adult when I didn't even get to be a teenager? Every kid my age is in college now, hours away. Even if they were here, I wouldn't be able to make friends with them. All I can do is stand around awkwardly as other people have conversations. I can't really even chime in. 

There's no point in living anymore. I'm going to end up miserable for the rest of my life. Every time I see pictures of people's kids going to dances, or hear people talk about when they were teenagers, I start crying and want to end my life. I didn't even get a chance to do any of that. Why? Because my own mother would rather spoil my sister than give me a fair shot at life.

I never get a chance to be a teenager again. None of these problems will ever be fixed. I just don't want to be alive anymore. After telling my mom all of this again and again, all she can offer up is a half sincere "Sorry. I shouldn't have done that. Things will get better." No, they won't. I've been trying for 4 years and they've only gotten worse.
