end of the linehey there. i'm starting to go crazy and i've been in a miserable downwards spiral for years. i think i have finally reached the end. i've become so unmotivated with mny own like that i cant bring myself to do things i used to do like go to the gym, sleep, and even simple hygienic things. it seems like i cant hold a true friendship because my friends annoy me after a while and we never find something to actually do. nothing interests me at all anymore. simple things like skating, gaming, or even just reading are gone because the disire and focus are just simple gone. i don't have a life. it's summer and i have 3 months until i go back to school and all i do is stay up til 4am, wake up at 7am, work all day and then just sit on my computer doing mindless things and get frustrated at everything because its all just so boring and bland. i've begin to wander into the dangerous existentialist mindset. nothing really matters and we dont even know why we are here. i am at this point desperate to obtain a significant other. i know that probably wont make me happy but all i want is someone to care for and that will care about me back. people always say im a virgin loser who will never find anyone and that makes me even more insecure. sex is always on my mind as i am 19 and its frustrating knowing that everyone is out there going at it and im not. the viginity thing bothers me and i know it shouldn't but it just does. well i honestly just really really dont see a point in living and yeah a few might be sad to see me go but i don't care, it's my choice. this is my last pathetic attempt at getting some help before i do something potentially stupid(?). i just dont know and dont see a point anymore. im just some ugly loser beta male who lives in his parent's basement and goes to community college and gets terrible grades because im just so unmotivated with my own pathetic existence to do anything. why are people like me even born into this world if we dont contribute anything and just fail at everything we do? i hate my hometown and really need to leave but dont have the resources to travel and maybe "find myself". anyways MAYBE someone will read this and maybe they wont. sorry my thoughts, writing style, grammar, spelling, and format are all off but my head is racing with "kill yourself! KILL YOURSELF!" and im a little too drunk to even care


-j