Talking through my optionsI just want to say, I'm not in any imminent danger right now. I'm in bed, but I have had thoughts and feelings all week, longer actually. Since I was about 16 I started hurting myself, it releases a pain inside that I struggle to deal with myself. Often I think about dying, how I would like to die, what would be less painful, more easier on those who found me or just quicker. Walking out into a car seems unfair on who ever the driver is. Painkillers as cliche as they are, well that's meant to be painful if not done properly and the thought of irreversible damage and changing my mind seems daunting. 
I think hanging myself seems the safe option, falling from a height and hitting the concrete is a little too hardcore. 

I've been suffering from depression and anxiety for a few years but only just started to take medication for it, i kept telling myself I was okay, things would go away and moods would change. 

So I'll begin, I met someone over the Covid lockdown, we hit it off. Things where good in the beginning but then things took a turn, I became suspicious and paranoid about her, these feeling lead to feeling insecure and not good enough. She pleaded with me, and in hindsight I should of listened. She's pregnant now. I'm happy about it and the baby is mine to clear things up. Although these thoughts and feelings never really went away, I started being unbelievably a cunt. 
I won't get into the details but the past months been the most hardest for her, I feel a cunt about it too because I should never have put her through the stress that I have. 
Now I'm facing court on a charge, I haven't spoke to a solicitor but I'm probably facing prison time. The baby won't be getting signed in my name as the father and we cannot be together anymore for reasons that not only I have caused but she has her own personal reasons. I can't really contest that. It hurts like a motherfucker and I'm damned if I'm being made an example of through the courts, I've genuinely had enough of the same bullshit life I'm living and hearing the same lame excuses about tomorrow being another day and think of your family. Well that's why I have made my mind up about this.

I lost my job because of all this too, as soon as this month's pay has gone, I am too. One nice blow out and 2 litres of vodka later I'll be swinging from the balcony like a bauble in the wind. I don't want this, I have plenty a reason not to, I have 2 other children and I feel selfish leaving them behind fatherless, I don't get to see them much, it bothers them. But I'll be going away in the new year for a while, and I've been here before. This kind of thing follows you where ever you go.
The unborns mother is currently in a custody battle with her child, and the charges she has against me will only hinder her chances of getting the result she wants for her and her child. If I stay alive, I'll have to go through all the bullshit centers of seeing the baby, months maybe years of being assessed. I'm not a bad person, nor a danger to any child. I just said something really shitty while I was intoxicated and it's really fucked up things for herself and myself. If anything it's quiet poetic my choice to end my life, kind of like my last sorry, if I die. She doesn't have to battle about the things pinned on me because I'll no longer be a issue in the courts eyes. And that's something I'll happily go out with thinking. 

It's all in a plan as of yet, I want to enjoy the freedom I have of now, see how things plan out and change and close to my incarceration I'll put the actions into motion. I don't really know if what anyone will say after reading this will make any difference because I doubt it. I'm fed up of living how I am. 
Shit hole flat, no heating in the middle of winter, I've turned to drink, I'm not a big drug taker but a dabble in a bit of green now and then, mainly for sleeping. The medication from the doctor doesn't really help, I just feel neither here nor there from it, the anxiety stuffs amazing, that like really slows my heart rate down! I wonder if I take quiet a few and some alcohol with it and it'll stop my heart in my sleep? I don't know I'll have to Google that one. They might not be strong enough, but that would be more peaceful. 

I'll leave a note, she'll get one, so will my kids, my dad and I'll probably post a heartfelt status on Facebook as a memoir to all the fakebookers. Life can be good if you take the right choices, but I've really screwed mine and there's no going back.