I lived into 2015I've been living like Britney Spears circa 2007 for the last year. I've been so low that I can't keep the crazy under wraps. I don't know how many stupid things I've said and done. Everyday, I fumbled through life, frantic to get it together. The harder I tried, the more everything fell apart. 

Last night was New Years Eve, and I managed to end the year in true 2007 Britney form. It was an incredible mess. 24 hours later, I don't know if I created the mess or if it was a drug induced group project. What I do know, is by the end of 2014 I had people I cared deeply for telling me to go die. I had strangers glaring at me. I had no control of the situation, but continued to frantically try to control it. And my attempt only made everything so much worse. So, I went home. The whole way I watched my phone light up with more harassing texts. I felt like I deserved them. Maybe I did deserve them. I really don't know. But, I walked through my door knowing that I didn't want to wake up the next day. If I was as shitty of a person as I felt at that moment, I couldn't live with myself. Also, I knew this mess wasn't going away because the tiny city I live in is the adult version of high school. They weren't going to let me out of the mess unscathed. 

So, I grabbed a belt. I wedged it in my bathroom door. I looked down at my dog and apologized. I put the belt around my throat. I pushed the crate out from under me. And I began to choke. I didn't struggle. I just hung there until I blacked out. 

And then... I woke up. 

The first 30 seconds were confusing. I was on my apartment floor, and I had no idea why. My foot throbbed. My dog was barking and growling at me which she has never done before. I struggled to put the pieces together as to what happened. And then I felt my neck. The belt was still there. I realized that I had tried to die, and I didn't. 

I should have been relieved, but I wasn't. I was pissed. My foot was likely broken, my dog was terrified, and I had to go on living the next day. I called my mom, and broke down. After a lengthy chat, she told me to ice my foot and try to get some sleep so we could deal with Me in the morning. So, I crawled into bed with tears pouring down my face. I took one last look at my phone and read, "You suck." 

I'd like to say I felt better when I woke up. I hoped to have a little bit clarity. However, I had none. Instead, I woke up hopeless. And by the time I was in the ER getting my foot x-rayed, I felt numb. I was numb to the continuing texts regarding how shitty I am. I was numb to the idea of living. And I'm still numb. 

If there is a lesson I have learned from the last 24 hours, it is this: Honesty is not always the best policy. Do not assume your feelings matter to others. Exposing your feelings allows people to an easy in to fucking with your head. 


