PainI have lived in pain in one way or another since I was born. Never got to know my father, he was killed in Vietnam when I was 8 months old. Molested by a neighbor for years in my early teens. Battled alcohol and drug addictions through my 20's. Two failed marriages, to many failed careers to count. Diagnosed with prostate cancer 2 years ago. Spent a year having my body ravaged by radiation and chemo plus a couple surgerys. The cancer treatment has left me broken and in constant pain.  Not sure which is worse these days, the mental or physical pain. 

I have tried and tried to live a happy life, but it just never works out. I have unrealistic expectations of what life should be I guess. I am a complete failure as a son, a brother, a father and a husband. I have tried to keep hope for the future alive, but all hope is to me now is torture. 

I was talking with a co-worked last week and it finally hit me, all the things I had given up or put off so I could do what was right by my family will now never be realized. My body is broken and can never be fixed. I lost all hope that day.  I tried to explain it to my wife, she basically said "so what, your not the only one". 

I guess she's right, who gives a shit what I want. I am only here to make money to pay bills so that other may live and dream. 

so tired of the pain, so tired of being alone in my head. 

Wish I had the strength to end it all, but I dont. Feel too guilty for the pain I know it would cause. I have people the love and care for me, just dont care for myself anymore and they cant understand my pain. I dont kill myself because I dont want to burden my wife and sons with what it would cause them even though I know they would all be better off without me. 

I am an anchor around my wifes neck, holding her back, ruining her life. I have nothing left to offer my sons expect as a cautionary tail of how not to live. I am nothing but a financial and emotional burden to those around me. 

feel alone, no hope, just want to die.