They stole my life from me long before I could have taken it myself.Four years ago my son was born. I had just turned 16. My family would have abandoned us both, so I let them convince me of what a horrible mother I would have been and I gave him up.

What I did was "brave" and "selfless" and so no one expects that I regret it every day of my life. I was very subtly coerced, and only recently realized that it wasn't my choice. People expect me to move on and be normal, but it's impossible. They expect that because I have been through such trauma, I have all the answers, that I am strong and capable. But I'm not. I am a shell of a person. I am a scared little girl, all alone. I am needy and helpless and vulnerable and I have never been allowed to be those things even for a second. I have swept the pain under the rug for so long.

I find myself at a place in my life, on my own, no college, just work, 14 hour days. My roommates hate me and my dog. My boyfriend is pulling away because my complexities aren't as exciting as he once thought, because he doesn't want to listen to me ramble about the past. My mother is more concerned with ingratiating herself with her boyfriends three kids than how I'm doing. I need to move home but I can't because his daughter lives with them now. My dog is the same age as my son, I got him while I was pregnant. People thought it was a bad idea because getting a "replacement" wasn't healthy but at this point my dog is the only thing keeping me alive. I couldn't leave him with people who don't care about him. My dog needs me. But I don't know how long I can keep it up.

I am a shell. I have zero personality at this point. I am so exhausted with trying to put up these fronts that I am okay. I have never been allowed to feel pain, but it's all I know. For once, I want to be taken care of. Just for a little while. But it won't happen, and I see no reason to wait around any longer for relief. I have been to several therapists, and all they can muster is a blank stare and a lecture on "ambiguous loss" because ya know, "it's the same thing families of POW's go through." 

I don't know when or how but someday soon this shit is gonna catch up to me, and I will implode. Silently and without ceremony, the last little bit of my humanity is on it's way out. 
