Not Sure where I'll go from here...This has been a long time coming. My life has fallen apart, or rather it's just further decayed. I don't even really have the energy to write about what's pushed me here. I have nowhere else to go.

I'll give a content warning for a bit of disturbing sexual content.

My girlfriend told me something two years ago that has ruined my life. Completely. She told me her dad 'introduced' her to his fetishes, when she was sixteen, and gave her access to chat rooms to explore this. He also tells her he's happy when people perceive them as a couple if they go out together, and comments often on her body.

I'm sure it's not difficult to decipher why this made me uncomfortable beyond belief.

Then, for the next two years, I was gaslit. Made to believe this wasn't happening by her, and told I made it up. I made myself sick every day. When I was in highschool, i would be sick and dry heave all day, crying in my classes because I felt so disturbed. I was doing lots of drugs, and when I would do these drugs, it would just get worse. Narcotics made it so much more real, downers brought me into my mind, and made me confront my thoughts.

I encountered shame, deep shame. I had difficulty doing basic things, as this situation was engulfing me it became present in every part of my life. I thought about this every waking moment. I felt like I was being watched, I still do. Using the bathroom would make me sick, showering, looking at my body in the mirror, having sex with my girlfriend. I felt like there was a camera on me, and her and her father were watching. Moreso her father. I don't know why.

Even when i was doing normal things; even writing this, I feel like I'm being watched. Never a private moment. To make it worse, up until moving out, her dad didn't let her have a job, tracked her location and freaked out if he could not see it. She was treated very differently from others in her household

When she told me she was molested and harassed by others, I was of course devastated. I comforted her, made sure she was okay. I pushed her to tell her parents, because at the time I was a minor, and she did. Her dad told her not to 'be a victim,' and was angry. Maybe with her, maybe with his lack of control over her actions, maybe angry that someone else had touched what was 'his'. I don't know.

I was gaslit and yelled at when I brought up telling people, I was made to feel wrong for wanting her safety, for wanting intimacy. For wanting her to be okay, and not sick like she was acting,

It eats me alive, I obsess over this and it terrifies me. Having to look this man in the eye and shake his hand is my torture, it's my hell. I want nothing more than to keep her safe, to take her away from what she knows and show her it doesn't have to be like this. She refuses to cut him off, and wants a relationship with him. I understand, but I can't truly be okay with it.

She discussed it with him because I told her she had to, or I would. Nothing changed in over a year.

Later, I learned he was telling her sister about his sexual activity. About his pornography habit, the porn he has made for himself. About his use of prostitutes. To his teenage daughter.

I am bigger than him, by a sizeable amount. I have a lot of self control, if that isn't apparent, but I don't know what I'd do if something happened again.

Lots of other things have happened but this situation is what tortures me. i feel crazy, i feel held captive and I feel controlled by the man. I want to tell him I know what he is but that would ruin it further,

I can't take it in my mind anymore. It's so loud, it's so tortuous. 

I want to end it so I don't have to feel this anymore, but I don't want to leave the girl I love behind. I need her to be safe.

We're both adults now and she won't admit he abused her, in many ways, not just sexually. I think this will be what kills me.