I can't anymoreIt's just too bad. I've been bullied my entire life and I don't know why.

A little story to help you understand:
I'm a short girl, that's definetly not thin, but I am also not fat. I'm kinda thick. I don't know what to call it, but I am not one of these girls where you can see the bones. And I think this is the reason why. If been bullied since first grade. And it doesn't get better.

 When I got into my next school (fifth grade) it only got worse. I was raised to be always nice to everyone, doesn't matter who, but I think this was a mistake. I still follow this rule. I am nice to my bullies because I am afraid of the consequences. But not even the teachers can do anything about it, because they know that the bullying will stop for only a week.
I am chronically ill and sometimes can't do PE with the others. And one guy told me that I just made that illness up so I wouldn't have to run and could continue to be a 'fat cunt'. That was it for me. I couldn't control my emotions and just burst out crying. No one was caring for me. Everyone was laughing. I  was done. He was the also the one to tell me I needed therapy because I was 'too emotional'. Fuck you too.

I dropped a very obvious hint in our class group chat that I was gonna kill myself, and only one boy tried to talk me out of it, but with the typical shit like 'so much to live for' or 'you can do so many things with your education' yeah, sure.

Also someone that I believed to be my friend has also started bullying me. I can't fucking live with this shit and pain anymore.

All the bullies tell me that I am worth nothing and that I only exist so that they can take out their miserable lives on me. I love to draw, and I know I am definitely not the best, but I am also not that bad at it in my opinion. But apparently everything I post on my Instagram or draw in school is 'shit and ugly and should absolutely be burned'

Nobody cares for me. Nobody loves me. So nobody will care if I'm dead. Maybe except the bullies because they will have to look for someone else now. I fucking hate it. I just can't anymore.