why shouldn't I fucking kill myself?[edit] I cut out some things, you don't need my sob story, and although I want some support, I don't want pity.

University student, got here after a very dark 4 years (but, this may have started way back in 2007) where I'd pretty much shut myself away from the rest of the world out of spite.  I'll elaborate later, the point is, I hated being constantly judged or excluded anywhere I ever went. so instead of being excluded eventually anyway and then feeling emotionally dead inside regardless of how I changed myself. I decided to opt-out of the cycle of bullshit I was enduring and try to lead my own life. 

My family was a great support for me during those four years, especially my father, and I don't know where I'd be without my family backing me up, I'd likely be gone already. However, there's only so much support I can get from my family. and although I love and cherish my family like I've just said, they've never been any real aide against what I'm currently facing, they prevent me from going over sometimes, but that's all my life really is -- me wanting to die, and then being persuaded not to kill myself, only for things to get worse, or stagnate entirely.

I've always been a lonely guy that's found no difficulty making bullshit temporary friendships with people, I'm ugly, I'm not athletic, Despite being at University I'm in no way successful, I've never really had a real girlfriend, I'm not rich, I'm not creative, never had any true friends that didn't use me or make me a butt of their jokes. 

I suppose this post mostly boils down to the fact I have very little human interaction at all, I constantly nowadays just feel like moving out to a hut in the woods somewhere away from everything and everyone, I don't like people, and people don't like me. The thought of shooting myself in the head is a common and welcome thought during my consistently sleepless nights, I like the fact that I have the freedom to just end everything.

You probably think I'm being extremely paranoid already, showing signs of serious mental problems, and people hating me is just something I've devised in my head.  -- I don't know if I can entirely disagree with that. All I can say is: nobody has even tried to help me, or ask me how I feel, or discuss anything I've endured through what I could (and can) only describe as mental torture these last few years. I've had nobody on my side except family who really don't understand. How could they understand how it feels to constantly have and then lose friends, and have life experiences cut short, and major life experiences being relatively rare, few, and far-between? They can't. 

I self-healed, I pulled myself out of the dark hundreds of times, but what's the fucking point. Why keep doing that if nothing ever changes? I mean, yeah, sure, I could get help, then what, it happens again, then I need more help? pop a few anti-depressants and suddenly I don't feel like suicide anymore? I seriously doubt it.

In short, Time and time again I'll make friends and then very quickly lose friends. I admit, In the past I was a compulsive liar, why did I lie? I lied because I felt unimportant and lies made me feel more interesting and impressive to others -- in actuality -- all lies actually do is make you look and sound like a fucking asshat, and when people figure out you lied (they do, always) they'll hate you forever -- I learnt that the hard way, so I decided to never lie again, I hardly ever lie now. I feel morally better for that change, but nothing else has changed for the better.

Even when now, in 2016, I'm completely honest about myself, I try to self-evaluate, self-criticize and self-judge, I go out of my way to not lie, and be as honest as possible, I don't keep friends, I just lose them. And I have nothing greater than acquaintances in my life as this current moment.

 I've spent months (if not years) entirely by myself often due to my own terrible social decisions brought on by my fear of eventual and inevitable exclusion. I've always helped people out and been a good friend despite them not being good friends in return (liars/bullshitters/bullies), just because I desperately wanted to be liked by SOMEONE, or have someone to talk too that wasn't family. Again, and again I am manipulated by people I trust, not because they are trustworthy, but because I've given them the benefit of the doubt which they go on to eventually betray with no regard for myself, but let's shift to what's happening right now: 

See, I convinced myself that University life was going to be a new start for me, new people, new experiences, I had money to spend for once in my life, I didn't feel caged, I had freedom from family, freedom from my old life and old ways -- and even though it definitely was the best period in my entire life, now that things have well and truly returned to exactly as they were before University, I've realized I'm no further through life than I was, the money I wasted, the friends I made -- all of it returned to absolutely nothing, it was pointless -- this huge monumental life experience, a time where you're meant to make friends and network with others -- and I came out with nothing. 

I was organizing flat bookings for next year recently, and people whom I considered good friends didn't even ask me, they'd already made plans. Some of my other friends I knew in passing decided to book with me, but that fell through as these things always just seem to do. I don't hold grudges or get violent even when I know people are lying to my face,  and I consider myself a forgiving and fair person most of the time, but that doesn't mean I wasn't hurt by their lies. I mostly blinded out my emotions with alcohol (I know). People look at me and see an idiot, and I look at them and see a person who likes to manipulate idiots, and I go along with it like an idiot, so I guess they're right.

I don't get invited out anywhere anymore, I don't get asked, I spent a few weeks in the light of life, enjoying every moment of every day and then I fell down again, deeper and darker than I ever have previously because of it.

I've realized, and nobody can convince me otherwise, I'm likely going to spend the rest of my life painfully alone. My main goal in life right now is to finish university without killing myself -- hopefully get a dog or something to keep my relatively sane, quaint dreams, but now, that's all I want.

 I can't see any light at the end of the tunnel anymore, I went through that tunnel, I was in that light, and came out the other side with a flavor of the life I could be living, and what I had, and am currently living.

I'm pretty much convinced I'll never find love. I don't have any real friends. I have family but my family can't emotionally support me, I just want to die. 

Realistically, what's better? a life of smoking, drugs, alcohol and a painful, loveless and friendless existence, or I just leave now?
