I put a noose around my neck and was ready to cut my wristsI've been suicidal for a long time and required to be admitted to the suicide ward. I have had a thick cord tied around my doorknob for a really long time. I keep looking at it and thinking. I read that it's easy to hang yourself even if you're not completely suspended. I've never gotten this close, but two weeks ago I had the noose around my neck and a razor-blade in my hand. I was 100% certain. I sat there, not feeling anything. I don't know why I didn't follow through. I still keep thinking that if just one more thing, just one more tiny thing goes wrong, then I kill myself. Because my life won't get better. I have made too many wrong decisions and I have ruined my life. I have nobody who really cares about me and those who do care a little bit will get over my death pretty quickly, because they have jokingly urged me to kill myself. I have driven away the people who actually cared about me. My therapist said I should call the hotline or show up to the emergency doc, but I feel that there's nothing really they can do for me. I don't feel they can talk me out of it and I'm just wasting their time, because they have more important stuff to do. Or maybe I'm just fine and overthinking or something. I think they will just get mad at me. I feel too embarrassed to call.

I think about death and killing myself all the time - several times a day all day long. I try to focus on other things, but my mind keeps drifting to it all the time. It feels comforting and soothing for some reason. Sometimes I even imagine myself as a corpse and I don't know why. It can't be normal.

I can't sleep and if I do, I cry in my sleep, wake up because I'm crying and thrashing. I cry when I'm awake as well.

I have lost interest to everything and a lot of people think I'm mad at them because I can't hold a conversation. I just answer yes-no questions, because I just can't contribute to a conversation. I'm not mad at anyone, I just can't be interested in talking or holding a conversation.

I can't focus and I have chest pains, because my heart is beating so hard/heavily all the time. My hands are shaking, too.

I don't know what to do. I just want to feel better, but my life is so bad that it would only be temporary. Eventually it would catch up to me and I would still want to kill myself. I have tried to look at it from all sides and there is nothing. Every available road is bad and there really is no option, because every outcome is bad.