Decided to Kill MyselfI'm a 21 year-old attending college on the West coast. I've decided to kill myself on July 4 of this year. The date's appropriate, as it represents my feelings of powerlessness and lacking independence. My whole life I've felt like I've been running away from suffering. I hated elementary school, and then middle school, so I quit. I lost both of my parents and yet graduated top of my class with full honors in high school and a full ride to a top-tier university. I had a 4.0 the first two years of college, then my mom died (whereas she previously became senile.) I lost my mind.

I've had two romantic relationships, each lasting 11 months. My first long-term girlfriend broke up with me, justifying it with, "You're more messed up than I am." My second girlfriend with, "You're way more broken than me," and later: my personal favorite, "You're a sociopath." She had noticeable sociopathic tendencies ironically enough, but maybe I do as well. I went to the bar for the first time this last weekend. Intense waves of disgust flooded my being prompting my escape. Twerking, emotional explosiveness and drunkenness, a dull feeling of irritability and alienation between people, never to see each other again after a fling. Where's the meaning?

College is hell; medical school will also be hell. I take three antidepressants and abuse caffeine to keep focused on my work. I take vitamins and anti-anxiety meds, and I've dialed my diet down to a T. My work has no meaning; it helps no one. My life has no purpose; I'm a cog in the machine. They tell me to find meaning in the little things. There's no meaning in the little things. I want to have a stable family and become a husband and father. The family courts make that impossible. I sleep at least 12 hours daily and have gained so much weight from the stress. I enjoy causing other people suffering by spreading my malaise as much as possible. Oddly enough, people appreciate the honesty.

They always say it gets better, but it never has. It's gotten worse. It's gotten harder. I have a midterm in an hour. I'm going to fail. I don't care; it's a worthless evaluation. My psychiatrist wants to put me in intensive-care or maybe commit me. This post is to solidify my decision.