I'm only alive because of these reasonsthe layout of this text might be messed up because I'm on mobile.

I've suffered from depression, anxiety, and off and on suicidal thoughts all my life, since 4th grade. I'm not going to share my age for personal reasons, but I guess you would say I'm too young to have these issues.

 I've been hospitalized for these issues, way too close to actually calling it quits. I've met some wonderful people who have dealt with very similar problems, and I hope they'll stick around for life. I've met some really horrible people who have definitely contributed to my mental health problems, and some are still in my life today. 

It took me so long to come out to myself as trans, and even longer to my family. one supports, the rest rejects me and ever since then it's been chaos. but, I have so many people who I can talk with and I've set goals for myself to get out of this storm I've been dwelling under for too long.

 I used to cry myself to sleep at night because I couldn't ever see myself graduating my sophomore year of highschool. I would never get to settle down and marry and adopt kids, I would never get the surgery I wanted because I'll end up being a college dropout and end up broke like my mom.

I've finally found peace with my future, whether I die unexpectedly or I get a fatal disease, I'm content with my death as long as it's not by my own hands or someone else's. I'm respecting the fact my future wishes may change, but regardless I'll do my best to be prepared. I'll get the surgery I want, I can finally walk around topless without any flabs of flesh stopping me. I'll work as a forensic pathologist, being called late at night to come gather someone's remains, and I know for a fact I'll have to be mentally prepared to do so. my friends and family will see me walking down the aisle in a suit, the priest announcing my now legally changed name and I'll get married to the most wonderful girl.

I dont know if these things will happen, but I'll do my damn best to stay alive until I finish almost all of my goals. I've got pets to take care of, school work to do, assholes to confront about their assholey ways, I have so many amazing friends and family despite most of my family being transphobic. I have so much to live for and it's taken me so long to realize that. It's such a liberating feeling, knowing I have purpose and everything will get worse, then get better, then get worse, then get even better and I can see myself being comfortable in my body and the life I'm living. life may not guarantee these options, but I'll do my absolute best to keep going.