Very clouded mind and feelings of anomie, but no actual intention of carrying out suicidal thoughtsI'm not formally diagnosed with anything, didn't have any traumatic event happen when I was young or anything, but I can remember when depressing thoughts started coming to mind around sophomore year of high school. It never got to the point of suicidal thoughts till junior year and then again in freshman year of college. The weird thing about it is i always thought about it, but i always had some sort internal dialogue where I'd always convince myself that I'm just entertaining the notion without the actual intention of carrying it out. I'm getting really tired of the constant depressing thoughts and annoyed at myself for even thinking about suicide cause honestly it's starting to scare me at this point. I had one instance 2 nights ago where I couldn't fall asleep because i was so scared of the possibility of me commiting suicide that i just laid in my bed till 3 am trying to "cheer" myself up or at least distract me from the thoughts. I usually go with the hard on myself approach to get out of this sort of mindset, it works for me where I'm able to force myself to do something. It works for me when i try to go to the gym and it keeps me in an uplifted hard working mindset, but there's a point when it just starts to just be me making fun of myself, it gets pretty degrading. But, that last instance of it was the most intense experience I've ever had of suicidal thoughts. I want to say i will never go through with it, but obviously my mind has other opinions.
All these depressing thoughts and a feeling of extreme loneliness cause i have no one i can really connect with or explain my feelings to (as i don't want to ever burden someone with my problems cause i know they have their own things to worry about and don't want bring anyone down) really seems to be taking a toll on me as I can't think straight anymore, i can't focus and my mind wanders a lot. I'm still doing well in classes, but i put the absolute minimum effort into everything. I'm really tired of this struggle, i know i got a lot of things i have to deal with and fix, but I really can't force myself to actually try and fix things as i don't know where to start and what i have to do. I'm really lost, but I don't think I'll actually go through with the act. Thanks reading my struggles if you did.