I just want outFor context: I’m a 19 yo mtf girl in college(failing but still). My family sucks. My dad told me to my face that he thinks I’m making a huge mistake and that he views me as a complete stranger now, refused to help me with anything and took me out of his will after I came out to him. My grandparents and extended family damned me to hell and did the same. My brother just stopped talking to me and pretends I don’t exist. My mother pretends to care and be supportive but actually takes it personally and constantly tries to convince me it’s a phase so I shouldn’t do anything drastic. Growing up my parents didn’t give a shit about me, my dad was and still is an abusive alcoholic and my mom would always blame me and punish me even when I was fighting back against my step brother “James” (not actual name, 5 years older). James bullied me at home for years then in around 5th grade started sexually harassing me, in 6th he started sexually abusing me (forcing me to suck his dick etc.) and in 9th he started regularly raping me. Again, I was punished if I tried to fight back or say anything. I tried to kill myself too many times to even count but was always being watched and was stopped every time. I have scars everywhere, from cutting or cigarette burns, scrapes and cuts from abuse, all sorts. I lost the will to even try to live “well” I stopped trying in school, stopped fighting back against James, stopped asking for help. Now after going to college I’m failing everything, get treated like trash, misgendered etc. I’m failing all my classes and landed myself in the psych ward bc campus police found me just before I jumped off the 13th floor of my dorm. I got out by lying that I was fine and it was a misunderstanding, which the psychiatrist bought for some reason. I’m so far past “can’t take it anymore” that I don’t even know how to sound like I care, I don’t have the energy to do anything but add more ties to the railroad on my arm, sitting alone, in the corner of a dark room every day. I just want out.