Jokes gone wrongI have been depressed af recently and all I can think about is to end my life. I want to seek help, but a part of me is just like 'mehhh. Yo what the fuck. Don't tell anyone because no one wants to give a shit about you'. So I just simply give hints to people surrounding me by saying "lmfao I want to die so that I can be famous" so much in a sarcastic tone that everyone thinks that I'm joking. And there she is, the one that everyone has in their life, the one who misunderstand joke all the time. She would always tells me that 'yo dude u should really die lmao'. I know she just joking because she is the type who never actually wants to hurt people. And now even when I'm depressed af but I don't show it outside, she would just randomly 'are u tired or something? How about we go commit suicide together lol'.
Damn, it triggered me all the time but what can I do? After all I'm the one who started this joke. And now I begin to hate her for that, I mean like wtf is wrong with my dumb fuck brain? 
You know the positive and happy-all-the-fucking-time dude? That's exactly her. And now because of my fucking joke, she became a 'trendy shit' girl. She would always try to show her 'knowledge' about suicide like 'do u know that to buy a gun so that WE CAN COMMIT SUICIDE TOGETHER, we only need a little money' like yo wtf? You don't even want to die because you are a fucking coward, you love your life too much that you are even afraid of falling from some shitty P.E exercises. 
One time I confessed to her that although I was afraid of height, i felt really relaxed standing on high place(without looking down ofc). And boom, 'ikr. Because we can jump down and end our life forever!'. Uhh what? That's not what I meant at all. 
I'm addicted to self harm and recently I found a way to feel the pain (to release endorphin lol) even when I'm at school. I simply stab a needle in my arm and tape it. It hurts every time my arm bumps into something. So I just keep beating it when I feel the urge. And you know what? Just by sitting near her makes my arm numb till the end of the day because I just can't take the dumb shit joke she made.
