I really just dont knowI'm really depressed confused and just want it all to end. My life has never been good but lately its been going downhill really fast. When riding in a car down the interstate i find myself thinking if i just jump out itll be over. Ive thought about going to a shooting range and ending it but i cant get myself to do it no matter how badly i want to. I cant cut myself i cant do anything. Ive thought about calling someone for help but idk who to call or what theyd do. I dont think anyone around me has noticed me feeling this way. All i can really remember from my childhood is yelling a screaming from my mom. She'd say things like i was worthless she was gonna have the police pick me up cause she didnt want me anymore etc. Im pretty much terrified of people who idk or havent seen in awhile, couple weeks can be enough. I stay at home by myself all the time to avoid them. My job is killing me mentally i just cannot handle conflicts and my job is so ghetto theres nothing but conflicts. I start shaking so bad i can barely dial a number on a phone after multiple tries i have to go in the back and hide. I wish i could be someone else anyone else. I tried moving across the US to maybe become someone else and it failed horribly. I met someone when i moved she was amazing someone who i was actually comfortable around. She was really sick id take care of her everyday and spend a lot of time together. The living situation we were in was terrible so we found a new place and it got much worse. She ended up moving back home as did i. Shortly after she got back home to where she was supposed to be safe i found out from her mother she died.. before she died she asked me to move out there with her an  i didnt.. i was too scared to move again and go through all that possibly again.. i feel horrible i shouldve gone i shouldve been there to protect her its my fault someone murdered her.. i wish i could see her again tell her im sorry. Ive thought about if i can just kill myself maybe i can see her again idk. Ive never had someone close to me die let alone this and i have no idea what to do how to feel. Her mom wants me to call and talk to her but idk what to say or do. Shes been gone so long and i still feel the same i just want it all to stop...