Student LoansI'm graduating high school pretty recently and planning on going to college after summer. Looking at the price tag of the colleges just makes me want to die. I just want to graduate as a computer science major and live my life. Why do I need to go 50k in debt, not including living expenses. I have no idea how I am going to be able to pay for any of it. My parents can't help but because of their income I can barely get any financial aid. I know how I am supposed to find a reasonable place to live that I an afford either. I'm going to have to work part-time plus word study so I can pay for an apartment off campus. I just don't want to have this looming over me for the rest of my life. Maybe I'm not making the right choice to go to college. Maybe I should just juggle two jobs to pay for an apartment and live pay check to pay check. Why is there such a hurdle to live the life I want to live? I just want to die to be honest. I won't have to worry about anything. Not social life, not financial life, and not even my private life. I won't worry about getting or keeping friends. I won't have to worry about not disappointing my parents. Honestly if my dad and brother weren't in my life I would have killed myself already. I just don't want them to deal with me. Maybe I could run away and act like I got kidnapped or something. Then they won't think it's their fault. Or I could keep struggling on go through school graduate and have the weight of all those loans fall on top of me all at once. Who knows if I can even get a job out of college. What if the major isn't right for me either and I don't understand it. If I drop out just look at all the money I would have wasted. Such fucking bullshit. I just want to be able to live my life. Why can't I just win the lottery or something. Then I can go to college, explore different interests. I could take my parents and siblings on vacations to repay them for what they have done for me. I could even pay for my brothers expenses so he can finally live a happier life. What happens if I end up not being able to pay for my loans. All the weight of those loans would probably go to my dad who is going to have to sign on them. Just think about all the disappointment he would have. I work hard in school why the fuck am I not rewarded for it. I worked hard to get enrolled into this school. Why the fuck can't I list myself as independent if my parents can't help pay. Why is my aid based on their god damn income. For fuck sake, why can't I just die. Someone just kill me. Just hit me with a car driving, hold me up at work with a gun and shoot me, rob me by gun point, or fucking anything I don't care. As long as it doesn't impact my family fucking kill me. I love my family, I really do. They helped me so much. I just don't want to be a disappointment to them. Fuck this sucks.