I’m just a fuck up. I’m done.Ok this is long and I’m ranting but plz hear me out.....
I just turned 18 and I’m supposed to be graduating soon this weekend actually but I’m not. I got addicted to multiple drugs in 10th grade and just this year I tried to put the puzzle pieces back together. I’ve been trying hard for months being sober and doing the whole school thing. I went from being a cheerleader to almost dropping out. I’m fucking shit. I can’t do anything right. I’ve been doing online classes and a full schedule at school. I’m so stressed everyday I feel like I’m constantly on an anxiety high. Im depressed and have anxiety (not diagnosed but I sure as fuck do). My life’s been hell trying to fit in at a place where I literally feel like an alien. Begging teachers to pass me and having mental breakdowns weekly from stress.  My dad is the main reason I’m even still in school I can’t disappoint him or he’ll just hold this over me for the rest of my life. He doesn’t believe in mental illness or atleast that I have anxiety and depression when he’s watched me mentally decline throughout highschool. I’ve talked to people but it doesn’t help. I just want to become an addict again, everything was so simple and atleast I was good at that. I’m good at being bad, idk why I thought I could do different this time. I could do summer school but me and my bestfriend are planning on killing ourselves before then. I’m thinking a hot shot to the neck will do it. I’m just tired I literally can’t feel anything but sadness and anxiety. I hate myself for ruining my own life. Idek who I am anymore I feel like a robot forcing myself to socially interact and forcing myself to give a fuvk. If it was up to me I’d have dropped out and would have probably been dead by now. I should have just told my dad to fuck himself and gone that way. Now I’m here even more depressed because I couldn’t make it and have so little friends from focusing on work and I’m sober as f u c k. I’m not me, this isn’t me. I just want to die that’s the gist of this shit.