Friend may end his life soonI've been at this for what feels like months now, he won't listen to reason or logic. He's apparently stuck in a life where he will be forever miserable and will never be happy. The "love of his life" that he met online is terrible to say the least, but he still loves her. He recently got over addictions to medication, and I'm apparently the only person who cares. I just don't know what to do, he's slipping away.

Here's a snippit from a recent conversation.

&gt; Mrbird: I'll miss you, don't die forgetting that.
Magic Conch Shell: too bad that doesn't apply to others
Mrbird: That's okay
Magic Conch Shell: eh
Magic Conch Shell: still wish i made a bigger impact
Mrbird: You still could
Magic Conch Shell: I've been trying that all week in many ways with no luck
Mrbird: Oh damn
Mrbird: A whole week
Mrbird: Man
Mrbird: I mean
Mrbird: Seventy more years, nothnig could possibly happen
Magic Conch Shell: well I mean
Magic Conch Shell: going out of my way to find some actual reason to live
Magic Conch Shell: thinking what could possibly change
Magic Conch Shell: even in years time
Magic Conch Shell: i see nothing besides college and the same stuff over and over
Mrbird: Im living a monotonous patern of stress
Mrbird: I still don't know whats in store for me, but I'm waiting for it. Ill get to be about twenty something then decide how terrible my life is after I get an education and live
Mrbird: You can't see into the future
Magic Conch Shell: the way the present is going I'm sure the future isn't different
Mrbird: Yes it is.
Mrbird: You can't see into the future
Magic Conch Shell: oh boy
Magic Conch Shell: I'lll be _ years closer to dying anyway!
Mrbird: Exactly
Mrbird: No one has a reason to live, ever, not a single one of us
Mrbird: Then why do we?
Magic Conch Shell: then why is me killing myself such a huge deal to you and you only
Mrbird: I don't know
Mrbird: I'm not even sure if that's true

It kind of goes on with him naming people who won't care, and no one does and all his friends don't care apparently. I don't know what else to do, this might be it and I feel horrible not being able to stop him. 

&gt;Magic Conch Shell: stupid liars
Magic Conch Shell: at least she was the best at hiding it at least
Magic Conch Shell: and the one that potentially fucked over my life in a way, oh well
Magic Conch Shell: who the hell has to send a heartfelt message and then send a reminder so they'd even look and reply to said message
Magic Conch Shell: better yet what kind of person doesn't even care about the other person until they have problems of their own
Magic Conch Shell: that doesn't seem like a very close friendship at all
Mrbird: What
Magic Conch Shell: or constantly lies
Magic Conch Shell: you and moleman were right i guess
Mrbird: Goddamnit she messed you up
Magic Conch Shell: my mind is not right anymore
Magic Conch Shell: dunno if that's her fault but
Magic Conch Shell: inb4 yes
Mrbird: Give it time to heal, please, please don't take your life
Magic Conch Shell: what do you think i'v ebeen doing since forever v:
Magic Conch Shell: it's just getting worse
Mrbird: It's only been a couple of months, come on think about this
Magic Conch Shell: my short term memory is horrible now, i have some pretty messed up thoughts, i do nothing but complain all the time like now
Mrbird: The past few days youve been prety good
Magic Conch Shell: my judgement of people is completely off, which is why i can't seem to get rid of her
Magic Conch Shell: yeah see
Mrbird: My short term memory is damn fried,
Magic Conch Shell: i don't really remember these past few days
Mrbird: And you have a pretty good excuse to complain
Magic Conch Shell: no
Mrbird: Lifes kicked you pretty hard, I know that
Magic Conch Shell: i tried kicking it back but it kicked harder
Mrbird: Then get up and run
Mrbird: Then get stronger
Magic Conch Shell: i did that
Magic Conch Shell: then amanda came around and i tried kicking it again but failed

Edit: Sorry about the format, I'm in a rush for help and don't have time
