This is the end, before 2021Before new year I’ve decided I’m not going to be here anymore. It’s a selfish decision I know. I’ve tried the whole year to survive but unfortunately I cannot continue. 
I’ve chosen to go into the sea, I know it will be painful but not for long. 
I found this extract from quora which enforces this decision to get into the sea. 
And before anyone says just get a gun, I can’t. I live in the U.K. and I have a history of mental health which would mean I’ll never be able to get a license. And other means I would definitely back out on. The sea, I can’t really back out on as once I’m there being a 90 pound girl I’ll never have the strength to swim for long. 
Anyway here’s that extract;

your survival instincts kick in making you breathe involuntarily. when this happens it isn't painful (at least not after the 1st or 2nd breath), you are able to actually take a few breaths of water before you die. This process is relatively peaceful, you have a strong feeling of being tired. You just want to sleep but this is the sleep you will not awake form.
if you somehow get saved the consequences are horrible. You can damage multiple parts of your brain making you restricted to doing certain tasks…
personally, this is how I want to go, it's calming and feels like you are just falling asleep. This whole process can take about 7–10 minutes if you aren't skilled in holding your breath like me.
after you sink from the intake of water making you heavier, you look up from the dark abyss and it has a certain beauty especially if the moon is visible. you are put into a dream like state. Soon your whole life flashes before your eyes and then you let that strong urge to sleep take over.
I hope you won't commit suicide but it's your choice (if thats what this is about…)

As it says. I hope others won’t follow this, I know my time is up. I can sense it. This whole year. 
But that doesn’t mean yours is. Please reach out to someone. 
I guess that will be it from me. Thank you for reading if you have.