I don't think I want to die but I definitely don't want to liveIt wasn't that long ago that I was a motivated person with goals and values. I naively wanted to make the world a better place and to make myself worthy of the respect that I felt towards those that do make a difference. I even achieved some success getting my Master's degree and then a decent advocacy job. I wasn't happy but I could convince myself to keep going in pursuit of some kind of greener pasture.

In the last 2 years or so, I realized there is no greener pasture. I don't really care about money outside of basic financial security. I've never had a friend or girlfriend that didn't disappoint me (not that I didn't justifiably disappoint a few of them) which makes me see no point in socializing. 

The one thing I'm passionate about, politics, has deteriorated completely and I find myself hating the people I used to be allied. I've put a lot of thought into our current state of politics and thoroughly came to the conclusion that there's no hope for things to improve in this regard anytime soon. Most of the political/advocacy jobs I would have applied for in the past would now require my to compromise my ideals. As a result, I've been stuck working in marketing for the last 2 years and while I do have the skills, I hate it. It's starting to show and I know I can't continue there this depressed and unmotivated for much longer. I've been interviewing for other jobs for months now but I think the depression just emanates off me. I doubt they would be any better anyway.

I'm not a naturally sad or defeatist person and I've always been resilient about not letting little things get to me. But now that my sense of self is gone and after roughly 2 years of nothing good happening, those little things feel so much bigger. Just waking up and going to work is the most painful chore I could imagine. That in turn makes me feel lazy and thus hate myself even more. I keep trying to distract myself with my simple joys like weed/beer, exercise and watching sports but the effect is wearing off and my state of numbness is perpetual now.

It's pointless to talk to anyone because, even if they do care, all they'll give me is facile advice and treat me like a crazy person that needs to be handled delicately. I certainly can't talk to anyone whose respect I value because I would lose it immediately. My parents are selfish cunts and the thought of having to move in with them because I can't get or keep a job definitely makes suicide very appealing.

I live paycheck-to-paycheck because of my ridiculous Atlanta rent and student loan debt. My next paycheck comes on Monday. I've said this to myself before and didn't follow through but I really think I'm ready to buy a gun and get this over with. The thought of being forever a failure does make me a bit sad but generally I see suicide very positively. I really don't think there's anything to look forward to and I don't think I'm depriving the world of any future positive contributions. I don't care how my parents react and my friends will forget me pretty quickly. I could probably go on being numb and distracted if life were easy and I had financial security but the minimal satisfaction I get from smoking a joint, watching the Red Sox, etc. isn't worth the painful chore of living in this world.