Lonely Little BoyI am a child of fortune, the son of a doctor and a registered nurse. I have been given everything you could want in life. I was loved as a child - my parents divorced, there was some strife, but nothing so damaging to ruin a childhood. But I cannot remember being happy for very long.

In college I have been on paper a success - good grades, favorable impressions on my professors, a reasonable number of extracurriculars. I in fact have a recurrent drinking and drug problem that has been interfering with my schooling since second year and often fail to accomplish half the reading for a particular course, coasting through on low standards and good essays.

I am in my final year of college, writing a college [thesis] on child sexual abuse. The first day I began researching the topic, I was somewhat upset by the content; now the topic means almost nothing to me. I do not feel human reading this material, instead like some sort of lizard crawling over and through a corpse looking for useful scraps.

Everything I read about these horrible people seems increasingly to me like something I could become. I have absolutely no desire to molest children or rape adults or anything of that sort, but I am paralyzed by this idea that I could hurt someone. I feel like my every move is a mistake, slowly taking me down a path to irreparable damage to other people's lives that I can only solve by ending my own or making radical changes (e.g., telling everyone I know of the possibility that I could hurt someone, stopping all drink and drug use, isolating myself from society) that I have no desire to make.

I cannot honestly say I feel like a burden on others, or that I've been neglected or treated wrong or anything else. I feel I have gotten everything a person can expect. Yet I feel numb. I hate myself; everything I do seems fake. I look at the world and it is as though I am constantly kept from touching the surface. Nothing matters to me. 

I have tried cutting myself and cutting off contact with friends, but eventually the pain gets to me and I return. Yet the understanding that something important was lost - hence the return - does not stay. I type this now, as though I am aware, but I am not aware, I still feel so horribly distant from everything I have ever done, every person I have ever been, and every friend I have ever known.

Every word I say I recognize as a lie and desire to retract. Therapy is thus like cutting my stomach, again and again, only to be told that the guts inside me were someone else's, and to try again, cutting deeper this time, as the viscera begins piling up in front of me, eventually obscuring the sight of the therapist, a mass of gore. 

This metaphor is labored, which is exactly how I think, in tired cliches, the panting, halting breath of a sick dog. It all comes so slowly to me. I have trouble staying awake through a full day. 

So many live with so little. I hope there is rebirth, somehow, so I can join them. No matter how much I give away, it can not erase that I have given society none of my effort and that I have no talent to offer.

The fact that almost no sentence in this brief does not predicate on "I" is confirmation of my own narcissism. Reading this, you may think I have no friends or family, but I do - they just mean so little to me I neglect to mention them. Their efforts to keep me alive cannot even receive notice in this lament.

I feel like a spoiled child, crying for pudding, as a steak sizzles in front of them. I want to be hung as an example. I dream of maggots eating me and awake both scared and satisfied. 

What the hell is wrong with me? Am I alone? 