uneducated loserI'm having a really hard time with life lately.  I lost my job last year and now I'm starting to realize how empty my life is.

For a long time, ever since I was a child, I've struggled to make and maintain friendships with people.  I feel like I have to "buy my friends" in order to be allowed to associate with people.  It probably has a lot to do with the fact that I have some sort of mental illness or something is wrong with me.  I'm completely fine with being gay; I just wish I didn't repulse everyone with everything I do and say--being weird.  I feel like I'm so embarrassing to be seen with, that gay men won't even do anything with me other than have sex.  Like I'm ok to screw but not good enough to go out for coffee.  I hate it SO MUCH.

I was outed at highschool by my "friends" while I was attending... I was pretty much ostracized after that by the students and teachers after that which kiboshed any interest I had in academia.

I've never been successful in an educational or corporate environment, really.  I freak out too much at insignificant things and I have massive trouble concentrating when other people are present or in noisy environments.  Social anxiety and fear of embarrassment--any more of it--has ruined my life.  I've never been successful in a dating context, because I guess I'm too weird or too different or something or just too damn scared.  I'm too skinny and can never seem to put on weight so my clothes just hang off of me.  Nothing is more unattractive to men, other than my stupid gay voice.  If you have one you're totally screwed for anyone actually respecting you or considering you part of the human race.  Not having a normal person's voice that matches what you look like sucks.  If I could fix the voice with surgery, I would.  It's embarrassing and a handicap.  I don't speak if I can help it.  People say it's ok or whatever; if it's so ok then why does everyone make fun of it all the time.  There's a general consensus that being gay is a disgusting ailment or else even the liberal person's response to people thinking they're gay on all of these silly posts wouldn't be "DON'T WORRY, YOU'RE PROBABLY NOT GAY" or rather "DON'T WORRY, YOU'RE PROBABLY NOT RUINED LIKE THE ****".   Why couldn't I be born to standard like everyone else?  Living garbage.

I attempted to get help after getting a new doctor--my other doctor was not really that good--but I can't get my ass out of the house to make any appointments.  I feel like a human sloth.  Everything takes so much effort to do.  I also don't drive--was too scared to learn, also I've never been shown or asked anyone so I guess that's why--so I have to stuff myself on public transit with massive amounts of people which makes me incredibly uncomfortable.  I try to pretend like that stuff doesn't bother me, but it's not easy like it used to be.

Dating is pointless.  I can't relate to men... or I guess, "people," because I have weird interests that aren't typical of everyone.  The only thing I ever have in common with anyone is smoking weed which is what I usually use to forge bonds.  It doesn't really last for long though.  The only person I talk to now is my dealer; it's the only reason that I have a cell phone to be honest.  I've never needed one really.  All I get is nagged or ignored.  Why bother?

I see all sorts of men all over the place--the internet now that I don't have anyone--and they all seem so normal and successful and happy.  They're always with other people and travelling to all of these exotic locations.  I get so ridiculously jealous and angry when I see that kind of thing I have to close my browser sometimes and "walk it off".

I just wish I could have the ambition or drive or whatever it is that the normal people have, or the confidence, or the way that they communicate (normally!).  I feel like a broken failure that even animals can't stand and I just can't do it anymore.  I try so hard to just fit in or get motivated but I always fail.  I just want to be a good person but I end up being mean, offensive or invasive.  

This post probably sounds disjointed, but I can't really hold up a conversation like I used to.  I'm just not used to it anymore.  I just speak in bits and pieces now and rearrange everything so it seems normal and cohesive... or at least I try to; being restricted to internet communication via me being a loser has its benefits.

I feel like an unattractive dim-witted infant.  I've always been a burden to everyone including my family.  I don't want to be a burden anymore. I just want to fit in and be normal and have a life.  But I feel too stupid for life.

After all of the crap that I've dealt with throughout my life.  Always being "different", and "weird" and "not good enough," is starting to make me become more and more bitter and desperate.  I've thought about suicide since my late teens.  It kind of comes and goes... but right now I think it's hitting me really hard because that's all I seem to think about.  The only thing that's stopping me is the burden of some small amount of responsibility and any physical pain that I might experience. 