Any advice?So I came inches away from losing my boyfriend today... (Im 18 hes 16... yes gay couple) Death by train, I'm not sure how I would have reacted if he actually followed through, because I'm torn just thinking about it.
A little background, we met online about a year and a half ago, we have since been dating a little over a year now, things seem like all is going great. I knew he had many mental issues going into the relationship, it was difficult at first always seeing him so down in the dumps... But I sort of learned to cope with these new obstacles. He has major anxiety, ADD, suicidal tendencies, and also has bipolar depression... It's a bit to juggle, I've done really well up to this point. 
Him telling me something like this let me know there is hope for him, part of him wants to still live. There is alot of pain in his life, his family life sucks his parents divorced and remarried so many times, his father verbally and emotionally abusing him, his mother a complete alcoholic. Family always fighting. Grudges all around. Caught in the middle of this surrounded with friends with similar issues, doesn't seem to help much... This definitely isn't the first attempt and I'm certain it's not going to be the last... :/ 
I've voiced my concern and invited him to seek some sort of help... I know force isn't going to help anything here, all I can do is let him know I'm here for him always. 
Due to his anxiety and situation with his parents it has lead to him having fear of commitment, not commitment issues if that makes sense. Being raised around divorced parents watching so many failed attempts of a relationship you lose your faith in love, he's seen and dealt with it firsthand far too many times. Another point is from seeing this pain he is afraid to build up any more relationship than we have in fear that when it ends it will all have a much much worse affect. 
We still love each other truely... I'm just at a loss here on how to help him... Losing him would be hell... Although I have tried to at least prepare myself for the worst if he did decide to follow through...
Any worthwhile advice would be appreciated, if you have any questions I'll try my best to answer them all.
