My Mom got breast cancerAnd I’m scared. I’m scared for her but what’s more is that I’m scared for myself. I’m scared because I don’t know how I much I can actually help her or be there for her. Maybe I’m still taking it all in, I just found out yesterday, but I’m scared. I’m scared and I’m ashamed. I wish I was stronger, or better, or not broke. I know she’s gonna need help, I want to help her, I know in my heart I will I’m just wondering how the fuck I’M going to handle all of this. I’m sure she’s wondering the same thing herself. She already has Parkinson’s disease and has had it for well over a decade. Not really sure why the universe / God / whoever decided to give her cancer.

It’s somewhat early on (Stage II), so it’s going to be *somewhat* manageable, but obviously she’s still going to have to do chemo and radiation therapy.

I’m just jot ready. I’m not ready for this. I know she isn’t either, I know, I get it. I know she wants her sons and husband to be there for her and we are, I’m just lost. I’m lost and angry and confused and I can barely even get out of bed how can I help others? I can’t even help myself, I can’t even really help the “friends” or “family” I have that DON’T have cancer or Parkinson’s. The truth is that I want to die. That’s the truth. But I can’t. Not now. It isn’t my time right now, it is my Mother’s, but I don’t want to face it. I don’t want to face anything. My suicidal thoughts aren’t wholly circumstantial, but they are being exacerbated by things like this.

I’m selfish. I know I’m selfish. My Mom is about to get very sick and I’m just here twiddling my thumbs thinking of suicide. I did apply for some jobs today so I guess there’s that, but she talked to my brother and I today just letting us know we’re gonna have to contribute more and do more and be more and be better. I’m not better. I’m not ready for this. I’m not ready for the responsibility and I’m not ready to see my Mother in chemotherapy. I’m selfish. I know. I’m painfully aware of my flaws. There’s a lot of them so it’s a lot to keep up with.

The bottom line is this: I feel so bad for her. I feel bad for her but sometimes people with MDD or serious depression lack empathy. Not in the sense that they don’t CARE, but more in the sense that they often struggle to see the world outside of themselves because they are so closed in, so tunnel vision, so fixated on everything that is / could possibly go / be going wrong. I am that way. I have no outlet. I have no people that I truly trust, other than I guess my Mom. Therapists don’t help me. Medication barely helps me. I have nothing to reframe my mind, gather myself, gain insight, regroup mentally, get some fucking piece of mind. I have none of that, and nothing helps me. I know this probably just makes me sound like a shitty person, and I already know I am, so, whatever, but, I wish I could just kill myself already, I don’t believe in myself and I don’t have ANY faith or hope for the future.