I never had a good and fulfilling life, but now I lost everything I've ever had. I'm ashamed of myself and disgusted by everything I am. (long winded, don't help me 'cause I probably won't actually kill myself, I just want to rant. Help others instead.)I feel like I shouldn't be alive. I'm a failure at literally everything and I was born to be sad, lonely and unfulfilled.
I can't even blame this on a mental illness, I'm just a worthless human being, this can't be treated. I don't know what it's like to be happy and enjoy life. 

I was madly in love with a person for 3 years. The thing I wanted the most was to be with him, that could've made me the happiest person in this entire world. He made me believe that we could be together in the future if I go to study abroad with him, he just doesn't want to date anyone at this point in his life. He was one of my best friends. I believed everything he said. Then I found out that he started dating my best friend, and he cut me off from his life without saying a word. I was baffled by this as we were so close, how could he just randomly stop talking to me?
I asked him for an explanation and he said extremely hurtful things to me and blamed me for everything. He acted like I am insane for being in love with him, and said things like "go to sleep and dream that *name of my friend who he started dating* killed herself so that you can be with me forever". He said I'm a bad influence, he admitted that he lied to me a lot and said he never wants to talk to me ever again. I wasn't able to stand up for myself and explain my opinion to him because, well, I'm a wimp, and now he'll forever believe that I am a crazy bitch. He even spreads this "information" to his friends who probably tell everyone in my school that I'm a bad person. I'm also fucking scared because I probably won't be able to love anyone else since it's impossible to find someone better or even just as good as him. 
So after this I started trying extremely hard to get over him and transfer my attraction towards him to anyone else really. I stayed friends with my BFF who started dating him because I thought it's not her fault that she loves him. I tried extremely hard to support their relationship and I genuinely wanted the best for them, despite feeling extremely depressed because of the fact that they're together. The problem is that I'm a fucked up a person. After a while, I started developing feelings towards my friend too... Yes, the one that is dating the love of my life. These feelings weren't serious at all, but they were kinda there. So now I had a mild crush on my best friend while still liking her boyfriend whom I've been in love with for years. One time, she started saying things like I should date someone who's just like her and asked me if I ever thought about being attracted to her. I admitted that I actually have a very mild crush on her but it's almost nothing, so it's nothing to be taken seriously. I told her how I never wanted to talk about this as it is kind of messed up, and that I don't want anyone to know and I'd be mad if she told others. Her reaction: she told her boyfriend about it who started spreading my secret in our class (the three of us are classmates), and said now she wants to cut me off from her life as well, mainly because it's weird that I haven't completely gotten over her boyfriend yet, and because I have a mild crush on her too. Now, 1, I'm scared to go to school tomorrow because people found out my secrets and I don't know what else they're spreading about me, and I'm afraid everyone's going to make fun of me. 2, I think my friend is wrong. I mean I tolerated that she started dating the person I'm in love with despite being hurt and even supported her in this relationship. I never talked about my feelings to her, so my crushes didn't have any sort of negative effect on her life. I tolerated everything and she can't tolerate this, am I really the bad person here? She compared me to her friend who did drugs and went to a psych ward and cheated on her boyfriend, saying how as she wants to keep a distance from her too, she wants to cut me off as well.
Realising that the 2 people I cared about the most would be probably better off if I killed myself really didn't have a positive effect on my otherwise not so great mental health lol. So, am I really the one to blame? Was I the bad person here, do I have a logical reason to hate myself now?