5 breakups in 8 months... I'm done.crossposted from /breakups.... but I'm very suicidal atm. Mostly because of this, but I also have Stiff Person Syndrome, making it difficult to walk or drive ... so that's a whole 'nother thing I can't deal with anymore. anyway... on with this rant. sorry again.

Theres obviously something wrong with me. Sorry for the rant.
The first one was in Feb... on our FUCKING TEN YEAR ANNIVERSARY .... he just STOPPED talking to me. Blocked me from everything overnight. He claimed I cheated, Then said he 'kinda' did too. I didn't cheat, I was raped. He didn't believe me. That was bad, obviously. But I very quickly started talking to an English boy I knew online for about 6 years. We were never close but we started talking on skype and he eventually asked me out. I went to England to stay with him for a month!!!!!!!!!! 
That was May. During my stay I fell in love.... then he broke up with me. He was planning a trip to America (going back with me) and said he wanted to be single. That was rough, the trip was kind of ruined, I was heartbroken... but whatever, we stayed friends because he gave me hope. We came back to California. He stayed at my house for a few days, then my mom got us a hotel for a for a few weeks! We were basically fwb but he totally took me for granted, we treated him like a king, and he barely thanked us. Blah blah, he eventually asked me out again. Biggest mistake ever.

While this was going on, I started talking to my ex of 10 years again. He was single and apologized and I he wanted to see me eventually, if things with English boy didn't work out. And of course, English boy broke up with me over text two fucking weeks later. Meanwhile, I'm single now, trying to hook back up with Ex of 10 yrs and we were dating for a few days, then he admitted he started seeing someone....got distant, got angry at me again, and said it was over... and moved in with her. This was last month.
Well, that's four breakups. But, while talking to Ex towards the end after breakup, he made me break it off with another guy I started seeing because he 'is an abuser' (not true... I've dated him before and there was bdsm but consensual... nobody believes me) ... he said he'd never speak to me again unless I broke up with him.... So I did.
I'm so fucking stupid. I'm not good enough for anyone... I cry over my Ex everyday because he's the one I want, but he is now living with a girl. Hasn't said a word in 2 weeks. I just want to die.

the only relief I can think of is to end it... I have very bad spasms and I feel like I'm choking all of the time. I'm SO scared.
There is no light at the end of the tunnel, when I see light, it's like a train trying to hit me instead.

/TLDR: I can't deal, this has been the worst year ever and I really want to die.