Feel like my soul is destroyedHi everyone. I have struggled with major depression and anxiety since age 16. I’m 26 now and it still affects my life in every aspect. Two years ago I had a boyfriend die. The year before that I was in an abusive relationship. The past six months of this year I have lost a grandfather, a grandmother, and a best friend. My other friends have small kids and aren’t as available anymore. I have had to quit two jobs that I really loved. I am currently in a verbally and emotionally abusive relationship and it escalated to physical violence recently (only one time though). I feel as if I just overreact to small things and thats why he gets so angry with me. I dont even know anymore. Today my mom, who is usually my only lifeline, got so fed up with me constantly complaining and being upset that she flipped the fuck out, threw shit around the house and screamed at me and went batshit crazy. I am so numb and at the same time in so much pain. My whole life is imploding. I feel like Im a lost cause and I truly genuinely want to die. I want out of this hell. Life has destroyed my soul, and I dont feel like a person anymore. I feel bad about leaving my family, but I truly think they will be so more at peace without my constant bullshit and living off them because I cant support myself. I know my boyfriend wont really care. I think my plan is to have one last weekend with him this weekend up at a favorite lakehouse spot, have one last Sunday dinner with my family, and then in the middle of the night overdose on my deceased boyfriends grave so the workers will find me in the morning and I wont be too decayed and my parents wont have to find me. I have already begun my goodbye notes, and have made a list of certain things Id like at my funeral. I feel so sad for the little girl that had dreams of being a nurse, a wife, a mother, an activist, a pet adopter, and a homeowner. I feel so sad that my brain has caused this and that I made it worse with shitty life choices. I was just hospitalized for ideations and no, therapy hasnt worked and I have tried so many meds it makes my head spin. Thank you for reading my wall of text. I dont know who else or where else to vent like this without someone calling a fucking ambulance on me. If anyone here believes in prayer, please pray for my soul. 