I’m trapped. Might shoot myself in-front of family.All I want is for someone to read this and give me their thoughts. Please that’s all I need.

I am faced with a serious problem, and it could possibly end with me shooting myself in the head in front of my family. Not that I want to do it, but the truth is that I have a ‘skeleton in the closet’ and if anyone found it, I would have no other choice but to end my life that I love so, so much.

This ‘skeleton’ I speak of is a fetish. ABDL. 

Involuntarily born with a fetish that disgusts nearly everyone. 

You might want to say “Oh come on now, there’s other people with those same interests, they’ll accept you”. Really. I have to rely on people online for social acceptance? 

What about important people, people I see in my actual day to day life. If they knew about my secret, it would be catastrophic, and that is quite obvious. 

Imagine having a fetish and knowing that if even one person found out, then everyone will find out. I’m not gonna adopt wishful thinking like “Oh people are accepting and kind, they won’t look down on me for being born different”

That’s bullshit. That’s not how real life works. If this was something like a foot fetish or some goofy shit like that then I wouldn’t give a shit. But no, I have to be born with one of the most embarrassing, humiliating, self-degrading fetish’s in the world. I didn’t ask for this. 

Now believe me when I say I am grateful. I’m extremely grateful that I wasn’t born with any unethical/illegal fetish. Sure, enjoying wearing diapers is fucked up but it is a solo thing and doesn’t hurt anyone other than myself. 

One of my goals in life is to have a NORMAL loving relationship one day. If my secret stays in the closet, then this will be a possibility one day. If that secret were to get out, there would be ABSOLUTELY NO FUCKING CHANCE THAT A WOMAN COULD EVER LOVE ME AND I DON’T BLAME THEM. I’m a fucking freak. 

I had an idea a couple of months ago. I thought, if this fetish just lives in my subconscious mind, controlling me all the time, why can’t I punish it? My subconscious mind wants me to avoid pain and discomfort obviously. So, I physically beat myself with a leather belt and various other things. This led to me doing it a couple more times (during bad breakdowns only). I thought I could punish my brain into behaving and getting rid of the fetish. Sometimes I imagine a personification of my fetish, and I imagine beating it to death in very brutal, cruel ways for all of the shame it’s brought me.

I’m having a nervous breakdown now because I’m nearing the end of a one week road trip. I compulsively bought diapers the night before I left for the trip because I felt like it was my last chance. It was also my first time actually buying and wearing diapers for the fetish.

I indulged that night before I left for the trip. I’m paranoid that I didn’t hide the diapers well enough. My brother is house sitting while I’m on the trip. If he happened to go into my room (he often does) and find that shameful stuff, I would have absolutely no other option but to blast my brains out. Another option would be to tie myself to something heavy and throw it off the dock. That sounds more painful than blowing my brains out but maybe that’s what I deserve. I am an unlovable abomination and if Mom or Dad ever have to lose me, I want them to know I didn’t want my life to go this way.
I want my parents to know that I love them. 

All I want is for someone to read this (or even skim it) and give me their thoughts. Please that’s all I need.