Open apology to no one and everyone.This is sort of an apology post...its not directed toward anyone, really, but at the same time its directed toward everyone. I split it into paragraphs so its easier to read.

I'm sorry I don't post quality content on social media.
I'm sorry that my posts aren't up to your standards. I'm sorry that I try so god damn hard to please you guys and it still isn't enough. I post 50-60 times a day on all of my social media and get zero comments, yet at the same time I see people with less followers than me get hundreds and hundreds of comments on all of their posts combined.

I can't exactly complain about it because every time I do, I get the same excuses over and over again.

"Sorry, I was busy"
"Sorry, I have school/work"
"Sorry, I was hanging out with my family"

Sorry, sorry, sorry. All I hear is I'm sorry. Everyone says sorry, and yet nobody makes an effort to interact with me.

I know I sound like a broken record but its true. I feel like I'm saying the same crap every day of my life. On my old account on Google+, when I was fifteen, i had between 100 and 200 followers (I don't remember the exact amount). I had the exact same amount of follwers then as I do on Google+ now, but back then I was actually popular!

Back then I didn't even NEED to tag people in my posts because every post I made would get as much as 30 comments and 10 +1's.

My favorite part of using Google+ when I was popular was that I always had "that one post" that got hundreds and hundreds of likes and shares but got zero comments.

That's not the case here. I have to tag people in every single post I make or else my posts get zero comments, and they barely get three likes.

This isn't a cry for attention, by the way, its a simple observation. I posted the same content that I did then, but for some reason I'm ignored NOW.

I'm sorry I'm not attractive.
I'm sorry I'm not attractive. I'm sorry I'm not a perfect fucking model, I'm sorry I weigh over two hundred pounds and have more than thirty stretch marks all over my god damn body. It makes me feel sad that I actually am afraid to show a picture of myself anymore.

I'll talk to a girl and we'll become the best of friends but then the second I show her what I look like she tells me "I gotta go"

I hear the same lies all the time.
"I gotta go"
"I'll brb"
"I gotta go hang out with my family"
"I need to leave for a bit"

They always say that AFTER I show them a pic of me, then they never talk to me again or best of all they block me.

They'd rather block me then tell me the truth, that they don't like me, and it sucks.  And when I post a picture of myself on social media I have to filter it or people will make fun of me, call me ugly, call me a "thirty year old pedophile" (I'm 18, guys, so stop it!). One time I posted a picture of myself and someone said to me "you're so ugly that it's bullshit that people actually find you cute and they're lying to you to make you feel better." Yet aren't you supposed to post a picture of yourself to get a girlfriend online?

I'm sorry I'm not up to par with dating etiquitte.
I'm sorry that I've never had a girlfriend before in my life, and I guess that makes me undateable. I'm an 18 year old single virgin who's never even had his first kiss her. Every time I get together with a girl she leaves me in three days and it makes me feel pathetic and inadequate. The women who stay with me longer are the ones who pity me. Women stay with me until they find an excuse to leave me and when they find an excuse they fucking take it. 

Nobody wants to date me and it makes me feel pathetic. The entire god damn summer I never left my apartment because I felt insecure about seeing people in a relationship. One time I started socializing at my apartment pool. Found a decently attractive women in her thirties, who (surprise) has a boyfriend.

I'm sorry I exist.
I'm sorry I was even born into this world. People make it so obvious they don't want to be around me. Unless I initiate conversations, nobody texts me (they do if they want something but never any time else) and I feel alone all the time. I have no friends, and my only two best friends IRL left (one I had to cut out of my life because he was appeasing me and the other moved). I'd kill myself if I were suicidal but im not. I'm just really deeply depressed. Im not a failed abortion. My parents wanted me. But I was a stillborn, and I wish my parents left me dead.

I'm sorry for everything...