What's the pointI'm tired of constantly crying. I'm tired of feeling attacked on every front. I'm tired of then getting help from people and just not being able to trust them anymore. I'm tired of closing my eyes and thinking that it'll feel better in the morning, then waking up and realizing that it feels even worse. I'm tired of that feeling normal. 

If a panic attack happens every day, it's not a panic attack. It's Tuesday. If something triggers you repeatedly and constantly, it's not a trigger, it's the "A" button on a gaming console. It's not normal. It's not ok. But everyone thinks it's ok. But they don't, and they'd be mad at me if I said that they think it's ok. But in the end, it'll just continue. It will always continue. 

Several months ago, I started writing a note. I almost left home and tried to end it all. Someone called me right beforehand and stopped me from going outside. I'm much safer now. I've never attempted. I've never cut. Now, I don't even really want to die. 

But in the middle of the night, half asleep, I remember. And I don't have a plan to die. Maybe that's because I'm too strong. Or too weak. Or both. Who knows? But I don't want to be here. I don't deserve what I have, but I also don't deserve to lose what was taken from me. 

I could call a crisis text line. Some of those people are amazing. Some are.... probably really stressed haha and because I'm not actively about to off myself it's maybe comparatively less priority for them. In April and May I texted a crisis line 13 times in 40 days. That's not a crisis, that's a yoga class. I know the drill. You should talk to a therapist. You should create a plan for activities that you want to do. Something that you can watch to calm yourself down. Talk to some community therapy groups. Here are some resources on being ace since sometimes I'll share that I wonder if I'm asexual. Something to distract you. 

If you constantly intentionally distract yourself for months, then what does that say about your actual life? You never grow. You never improve. You're constantly in a holding pattern waiting for the nuclear wasteland that is your heart to lose enough radiation for civilization to start again. 

Pushing people away. Terrified of pushing more people away. All the while feeling wronged, even more hurt, and tormented. Blocked by some on social media. Too afraid to block others. Told that telling people about your suicidal thoughts is not acceptable and borderline blaming me for my thoughts. Telling me that it's easier to block me than to hear me complain about it. See, I don't understand the world. I don't understand the meaning of space, or relationships, or how people work, or what acceptable behavior is. It's my fault. I don't consult my therapist enough, even though I meet him every week and in May met him three times a week. I don't clamor for medication. See? I don't *want* to get better. 

Nothing is going to happen to me, because nothing ever happens to me. I went two weeks actively hoping I got run over by a car, went for a three-hour walk without my phone, wrote a suicide note, and.... *nothing*. I don't have a scar, a blemish, a single permanent reminder of what happened. I can erase this entire narrative if I wanted. See? I *choose* not to move on. Clearly. 

Honestly, I almost expect to be attacked (or ignored) in the comments. I've probably said something horrible again. I don't know what, because I *don't understand anything*. 

Oh, and I'm enormously privileged. I'm not too poor, I have an advanced degree, I can make money from home, I can live safely during COVID without going outside. Which is just as well, since I can't step outside without feeling like bursting into tears. I've done 30 different things in the last six months. Personal projects. Applying for jobs. Writing. If you called me, you might not know this is how I feel. 

So nothing is gonna happen to me. But I'm still half asleep, and I don't see a way out. Maybe something should happen to me. I don't want to die. But I don't see a way out. Now if this gets posted it means that I waited 10 seconds and then didn't delete all this I'm sorry.