Four days ago, somebody’s dog saved my life.I was walking down an empty street, gun in hand, looking for the perfect spot to sit down and just... kill myself, I guess. I don’t know a better way to put it than that. It was about midnight, it had just stopped raining. Nobody was outside, even the streetlights weren’t on. I had my phone on me, it was at 67%. I was listening to “Modern Loneliness” by Lauv (great song), and was planning on ending it after my phone died. About an hour into my walk, I noticed something moving in the street. It was a dog. It had on what I believed to be a shock collar, it was whimpering(?), just looking at me. As I got closer it moved to the side of the road. I passed by the dog and continued on my journey, but after hearing something behind me, I took out one earbud and turned around to see him about ten feet behind me, now back in the road. I just kind of stood there for a few seconds. He started slowly making his way toward me, and I was cautious but I stuck out my hand, ready to pet the little guy. I knelt down and started petting him, telling him about my day and everything that had been going on. It just kind of happened. I wasn’t thinking, I guess I just needed to tell *somebody*. I don’t know how long we sat in the road, but it felt like roughly 20 minutes. A car started to drive our way. I stood up and walked to the side of the road, followed by the dog. After the car had passed, I looked down at him and I just didn’t really have the urge to kill myself at that moment. I had been planning this for months and now I just didn’t want to anymore. I gave him a pat on the head and started walking back home. 

The next day I ordered one of those gift baskets for dogs off of the internet, and dropped it off at the house at which I had seen the dog. I haven’t walked by there since then, and I’m not really sure if I’m still planning on killing myself any time soon, but I know that, had that dog not been there, I would probably be dead right now. So thank you, random person’s dog ❤️