I don’t know who I am anymoreIt’s been a while since I’ve made a post here. As with many others I once thought I was getting much better, thinking I’d be back to normal in no time. That hasn’t happened, evidently. 

I started going to therapy for the first time back in October. October and November was hell for me, he worst time of my life. Reality felt looser, more malleable, less defined. I sort of let my emotions and thoughts run wild, at first seemingly on purpose, for whatever reason (I’m stupid, probably). It was terrifying, losing my grip on reality. On top of this I started having a sudden and startling identity crisis. I began questioning every part of my life, who I am and what I’ve done, what I know, how I know. For some reason my mind decided to kind of shut down and decide it doesn’t really know anything, along with not really knowing what reality is. I don’t see or hear anything, no hallucinations of any kind, but my thoughts are noisy and very intrusive. Like I said at the beginning, I started to feel better and thought this was just a weird fluke. Yeah I’m depressed and a little suicidal, but I don’t struggle with something as serious as not knowing what reality is, believing in strange delusions (even if only for a short while..).  It tonight is starting to feel like everything is coming crashing down again. I don’t want to go through what I went through in October and November again. I truly feel like I’m losing who I am and where I came from, which only adds to my identity crisis. 

I know no one here will likely have much to offer as advice, if anyone even bothers reading this, my posts tend to attract very little traffic. I imagine most people will only be able to sympathize with me, which is appreciated. Maybe we can chat about whatever, I don’t know. Part of me wants a distraction from it all, I just don’t know where to go. 

I wish I could die. I wish I had a gun. I once again want off this ride. Unfortunately, no, I am not in any immediate danger. I do not have easy access to a means to end my life. I wish I did. I wish I could tell you this is it, and that there’s nothing you can do about it. I wish that were the truth. Sadly this last paragraph isn’t the truth, it’s all wishful thinking. I’m so fucking sad.