I want to either die or get happier  I'm a coward. I've always thought about killing myself but can never seem to follow through. Sometimes I feel ashamed for wanting to die when some people in certain parts of the world have much less than I. Ive thought about killing myself for many years now.

   Both of my parents are slightly messed up. My dad has never really been there for me, every time I have needed him he has abandoned me for someone else. I try and show him how much I care but it is never appreciated and is often thrown aside for someone or something else. He is closer with other people's children than he is with me. He is divorced from my mom and because of that people treat him like he's an orphan with that awful ex-wife and her daughter. I have told my dad he makes me feel insecure when he chooses other people over me, but he never acknowledges how I feel. This has been going on since I was teen. Suffice to say my dad has never shown up for anything important for me, has always blamed me and my mom for his problems, and reminded me from occasion to occasion on what a failure I am. We don't talk too much anymore.

  My mom has taken to becoming more and more paranoid since the divorce. She is also quite tyrannical. If something doesn't go exactly her way, she has taken to extreme measures to humiliate the person who has challenged her train of thought. That person is often me. She often brings up how much she has suffered because of my dad and how she needs to be tended to, promptly forgetting that the years in which I was a teenager were eaten up by the divorce. It was always about them, never about me. Before the divorce I endured physical abuse from my dad (that he has never apologized for), and after the divorce my parents completely shut me out and forgot I existed. I was an angsty teenager and now my mom likes to remind me how my dad and I used to make her life so difficult back then. 

  In all of this, no one asked me how I felt, no one cared how I felt, and I was alone. All I had was my maternal grandma and I would only see her over the summers. My dad's parents hate me, I'm not sure why, and I hate them back because they told me to my face when I was a kid that I was not important, and my dad had to choose them over me (which he did).

  The only good thing in my life right now is my boyfriend. Things are going well but today he told me he would choose his mom over me at any given moment. We have been together five years. I've asked to meet his mother many times but he doesn't want me to meet her. I'm not sure why. Is five years not enough to meet the parents? I feel worthless and insecure. I have begged to meet his mom before and he has said no. He said it's not weird at all. I feel ostracized once again. The fact that he will choose her over me at any given moment scares me. It reminds me of my own childhood, where I felt me and my mom's future was precarious because my dad could ditch us at any minute for his other family members. I feel so worthless, so unloved. I have had three abortions with this person, but I didn't keep any of them because I sensed he didn't want the child and I didn't want the child I had to grow up without a father's love. Some days I regret my decision to abort. Truth is I really wanted a baby or I wouldn't have allowed myself to get pregnant thrice. I feel like a pussy and a coward, someone who was afraid to raise a child alone. After the last abortion, my suicidal thoughts increased and I had nightmares for months after.

I'm tired of reflecting on these thoughts and feeling so rejected over and over again. I want to believe I'm not worthless but can't. I want to die but can't. I want to be happy but can't. I can't afford therapy. I need a solution.