Stuck and can't process anythingTo preface: I'm not in any danger of doing anything to myself immediately. That said, I kind of feel like I don't have the "right" to be hurting or contemplating suicide. I recognize that that's messed up, but I can't help but feel that way. I can't shake the feeling that I'm taking all of this too far and overreacting and generally being dramatic. Which is dumb. Just, hoping y'all have something to say. I normally pride myself on being logical, but I can't seem to manage it right now. My sincere apologies for how rambling this is.

Some facts: I recently graduated from college. In the absence of any work in my field, I have moved home - far away from almost every friend and mentor I have - and ended up a caretaker to a disabled (now terminally ill and on hospice) parent, a role I had through middle and high school but escaped from by going to college. Said parent is a narcissist, and we have a really shitty relationship. I've got more stories than I could possibly tell to illustrate, but here's an example for the sake of this post: a close friend of mine died suddenly in a car accident, and I was shaken and scared. Within five minutes of sharing that news with him, he told me to forget it and stop moping, and to hurry up and fix his television. As you might imagine, this is not exactly the basis of a warm and happy relationship.

God this must be an awful thing to say, but I genuinely feel marginalized and forgotten in the wake of his health problems. Like, wow he's dying, so my life sucks. That has got to make me a terrible human being. Even so, it's like all the focus my entire life has been on him, and I've just kind of slid by under the radar. I paid for my own college, I taught myself every life skill I have. And with all that I just feel lost. And I can't help but think that I wouldn't have had to deal with this if I hadn't had a parent like that.

It feels so stupid and cliche to say but I am physically aching from all of this. But, I seem to be completely incapable of any outward expression of emotion - it's like the moment I start to feel something I reflexively shove it away. I know that can't possibly be healthy but I've never known any other way of being. Things have just kind of built up and built up and I am ready to split apart from the pressure. But in a weird twisted way it's become my normal. I am used to being in crisis. I am used to being so overwhelmed and overcome by the emotion I am incapable of expressing that it seems strange that people live any other way.

So, all that to say, killing myself is honestly looking pretty good. (Again, not planning anything, for the moment I'm just trying to get thoughts out of my head and typed.) I know that other people don't have to live the way I do, so why should I have to, right? In any case, that's been my thought process. I've had thoughts like this off and on since middle school, I think, but at this point I don't think I could say with any accuracy. Pretty much the only thing that has stopped me is the effect on my family. Kind of like, they're already losing my parent, then they have to deal with losing me too. I don't think I could bear that. Then again, if I was dead, I wouldn't have to. I can tell that's not healthy. I just am at the end of my rope.