High school is almost over but I didn't start my senior project.My school makes us do a senior project in order to graduate. The senior project can be about anything we're interested in. The problem is you either have to make something or host an event. I don't have too many interests but I do like math. That is why I picked tutoring. I thought I could tutor kids in math and make that my project but I am almost out of time to do anything. For the project we have to have 20+ hours doing the project outside of school time, we have to write a paper, make a PowerPoint presentation, and create a portfolio. The only thing I've done is the paper because it was due near the beginning of the year. I haven't even started the other three. We only have 2 weeks left before the product (Me tutoring people) and presentation are due. We have to fill out product logs for how many hours we did that day or time. We need at least 10 of those and the presentation needs to be between 20-30 slides and last 8-12 minutes. I also need feedback forms from the kids I "tutored". I am getting increasingly nervous because the due date is approaching and I don't think I am going to pass. The counselor told me this morning  that they have me on the not graduating list. I wouldn't care that much about repeating but I have a group of friends who are all seniors and even they tell me I'm probably going to fail. Although they said they would help me fill out some of the feedback forms. I am very smart; I could make A's if I applied myself. The problem is I'm so scared I go to sleep when I go home that way I don't have to deal with all the stuff I have due. Overall the whole circumstance is a lot of pressure for me. I don't wanna be the only one out of my friends that doesn't graduate but I think if I fail it would be easier to just start over next year and pick something different. I was diagnosed with depression by several psychologists and psychiatrists, I hate public speaking, and I am also socially awkward. I have been thinking if I end up failing I might kill myself because my parents already bought a room for me for college and they don't have English IV in summer school because of the senior project. I don't want to fail a year and not graduate with my friends. Overall I don't know what to do but as I said if I don't graduate I might kill myself just to save my parents money at that point. They buy me things and I'm a total failure in school. Sometimes I wish I could just be dead only because I'd have no responsibilities. I don't know what to do I feel like a constant failure and I just want to die.