Disturbance in the force...I have been contemplating suicide since I was about 10-12 years old.
I have recently achieved the milestone age of 25, an age I thought I wouldn't make it to. I have never really stopped thinking about killing myself, except in the brief instance of a romantic encounter that distracted me/made me feel whole again. No relationship has worked out in my life. I have a child I am unable to raise due to irreconcilable differences with his mother... I am constantly fluctuating between ups and downs, and I use life as a distraction from the unending sense of impending death... 

I know that my mind is powerful, and capable of complex creative genius, however, I feel like it has been poisoned through years of shit I have fed it... I have never been one to complain about life, only myself. I think human beings are amazing, and capable of so much beauty and achievement... I am however, unwilling, and honestly I am un-able to resolve the difficulties in my life to satisfaction. I love my family, and i don't know how not to hurt them.. I have friends who love me, but they too don't understand how I feel. I have tried for years to express myself through art, music, poetry... I keep failing to connect. 

The intelligence that is the internet astounds me, the dark, sickness that is the internet, or simply humanity also astounds me. I am depressed... I am tired. I just can't follow through, and I always slip back into the same old shit. I am scared, but willing to die. I cannot see any point in continuing. Maybe there is some enlightening thought or perspective I have not considered... But nothing seems right. I'm done ranting. I don't know how long I will keep trying to fight this fight, but life shouldn't feel like this. I know it shouldn't. Maybe it's a failure to adapt, or just a jaded outlook that never seems to clear fully. I'm too down to brush my teeth, I don't shave, and now and then I just do something completely stupid to see what will happen. I don't want it to end like this, but i don't know how to make it different.

I hope someone gets me, I know I do... I can see it. I can feel it... Letting go is the hard part. One day the don't will subside, and I won't argue with myself anymore. I'm scared of that.