Trigger Warning: EverythingI'm just going to leave this here, sorry for the ramble...
 
I haven't been able to stop thinking about suicide in general. I can't stop watching documentaries and reading books and listening to podcasts about suicide. I've been obsessively googling the most popular suicide spots in different cities. That's no new. The stories used to make me cry. I felt so bad for these poor, tortured people and SO bad for the people they left behind. It would make me think about how sad my mom and my boyfriend would be if I died. I would remind myself how lucky I am to have a good mom and a good boyfriend. I would remind myself I should stick around. 

I don't feel that anymore. There's just an empty hole where that feeling was.
I went home for the holidays which I thought would wake me up. I thought I would come back feeling so warm and full of love and reasons to be around. But that didn't happen. I came home today with the lingering sentiment that everyone in my family is miserable, regardless of what they're doing. That none of it really matters. 

I thought I would come home to my boyfriend after the longest separation of our relationship (even though I was only gone for a week) and feel longing and passion and excitement to be back. But I didn't.
 And then something happened that I really didn't see coming. We had sex for the first time in a long time (I haven't been interested...) and while I was lost in the moment, eyes completely closed, he slapped me across the face. No warning. No discussion beforehand. I was stunned. I didn't want to ruin the moment, so I tried to subtly show that I didn't like it. I tried to push his hands away, turn my face to the side, but he held both of my hands together in one of his and slapped me probably 20 more times while he finished fucking me. 

I've spent nearly every day for the last 18 months with this guy. He's never done anything like that before. We never discussed it. We had no "safe word".
At first what struck me was the crushing disappointment that I, once again, could have possibly been so wrong about someone. I ran into the bathroom and curled up in a ball on the floor hyperventilating. He apologized PROFUSELY. I couldn't even look at him.
But within an hour of that incident, I felt nothing about it. I feel a new hole where that feeling should be, too. 

I know that there are solutions. I know I could try therapy again. I know that even though I don't tolerate medications well, there's probably some cocktail that could work for me. 

But I still can't shake the feeling that I don't want to do this anymore. 

