Stream of Consciousness VentingI don't care if this gets ignored. I just need to vent somewhere.

I'm always going to be poor, ugly, stupid, and scummy. My life is pointless and tinged with mediocrity. Life is just really stressful right now. I'm twenty years old and I still live with my mom. I was living away at Uni for a while, but I decided to transfer to a Uni where I could live at home because I'm poor and living away from home was putting me in debt. Sometimes I want to transfer back to that school again but it would be really expensive and the friends I used to have there think I'm creepy. Anyway, my house is always dirty because my mom is always working and my brother is a pig. I hate how much I look like my brother, it's just a confirmation about how ugly my whole family is. I really just want to disappear right now because I don't want to go to my shitty job in an hour or figure out a way to commute to school tomorrow since my mom's car just broke down. I don't even want to go to school anymore since I don't even know what I want to study and I'm failing Calculus 2 and I don't have any friends because I'm ugly and have terrible social skills and people just don't like me. I'm just stupid and weird and I have terrible skin and I'm tired of being a cockroach in society. I could just end this all right now and, in the grand scheme of things, it wouldn't affect anything. I'm always going to feel like I could be better, I can never be satisfied. I try to be grateful for the things I do have- a home, a healthy body, a job- but then part of me just criticizes what I have. Sure, I have a home, but it's dirty and mouse-infested and in a bad neighborhood. I have a body but it's covered in keratosis pilaris and scoliosis and kyphosis and self harm scars and stretch marks and my hips are too square and my nose is too big and my arms are fat and the list goes on infinitely. I can't even look at myself in the mirror. I can't be positive anymore, I can't do this anymore, I just need to end my fucking mediocre shitty ass life