My Mother in law may be moving inAnd if she does, I can't promise that I won't do something to myself. I've struggled with mental illness my whole life, lost everyone close to me. My mil is the most tragic person on the planet. She lost her husband right before I met her daughter, and has been trying to insert herself into our relationship for the last 12 years. She didn't bother me much until after I moved to be with my wife. We all lived together when we first got married because, well my partner was too lazy to work at the time and I struggled to find a job when I moved and mental illness took over me. She always screamed and freaked out over little things, blasted music, and made messes non-stop. Slept nude from the waist down with the door open. Went threw my stuff ect. She became unbearable. The fights between everyone made it hard to bear. And the constant talk of who died today, how and other depressing topics. She moved out about six years ago to care for her mother and it's been nice. We got back on our feet and made a life here. Well, her mom died, and her family is selling the house she is currently in. Two of her siblings who live like 4 hours away offered her a very nice place to live but she freaked out and started blubbering not wanting to be that far from her daughter. So every excuse she had she used. She has a super bad knee and can't get up the stairs to the only bathroom or her old bedroom. She insists she will need my paintings off the walls so she can slide her back against the wall and get upstairs. My wife tells her if she wants the house that we bought from her back, we can move out and she freaked the fuck out and said it hurt her feelings that we don't want to live with her. We don't want to live in hell!  She has offers and options to not live here, but absolutely insisted she wants to be here. In a place she isn't wanted. In a house she hates and never liked. That she can't get up the stairs in. Also another note is she's a homebody and retired, so she will always be home especially with covid. All I know is if she moves in, I'm done. Times are hard enough with what's happening in the usa and world. Living with her is basically going to tear my marriage apart. We've worked hard these last years to fix this place up and call it our own after she abandoned it and said she didn't want it. No matter how good she could have it, she wants to force herself up our asses until we can't take it anymore. We may become homeless over this with how fast things are going and it being hard to come up with extra money to find a new place since with the house we didn't have to factor in rent. Big rant, I know. I just needed to vent this out before going crazy! It seems messed up, but she had insisted on us taking this place, and if she didn't we would have moved out and gotten our own place when we got the money years ago before covid wrecked our finances.