What should I do, when all hope has run out?For the last eight years (I am 20 now) I have been suffering from Chronic Depression and Severe Anxiety, I have been on three different types of medicine of varied dosage including Citalopram 20mg and 40mg, Fluoxetine 40mg and 60mg, Sertraline 50mg, 100mg and 200mg.

I might as well put a little bit of background in here so you can get to know me, even a little.

My name is Alex (though most people will call me Ursa because of my twitch name and online alias) and I decided not to make a burner/throwaway account simply because I have no reason too, there is nothing wrong with making one to protect your identity but there is no need for me as everyone close to me knows what has happened), I am 20 years old and live in the sticks of England, I am 6'5 and about 125kg, I played rugby for four years and am physically stronger than my mental state, which even now fluctuates from time to time.

Recently I have had my meds taken off me as I have developed suicidal intentions and self-harmed but mainly because I tried to OD on lethal amounts of Sleeping Pills and Pain Killers (which was sort of ironic), I am currently at 34 self-harm scars with 17 of those as deep cuts on my wrist and traced on my veins.

It got better around six years ago when I met my best friend, Benji, he was so very much like me with depression and anxiety but we shared a lot of common interests including Sci-Fi, Roleplaying games like D&amp;D and WoW. But meeting him was a chance encounter on a MineCraft server he was a Moderator on... a video game that saw me gain my closest friend that I see like my own brother, flesh and blood. He was there for me a lot of times when he didn't need to be, he would stay up late at night and keep me company, even play games he hated like Torchlight 2 and Crea just to see me smile and hear me laugh.

Benji began seeing a girl after me knowing him for maybe a year, called Molly. Molly was a sweet girl at first, she would always come over to see Benji when she had the free time or he was having bad days. They really were a perfect fit in my eyes, I still have some of the pictures they took when they went on a trip to Wales to celebrate them getting engaged, even a few slightly NSFW ones where she would take a picture of him while he was asleep.

Everything got hard for me though when I was 15, GCSEs started to stress me out more and more, I got into a few fights at school that left little to no damage on me but left the other people unconscious and bleeding, I would never start those fights, it would always be  me acting in self-defense or the defense of others who could not stand up for themselves, I used to be one of the few people of a dying breed, a person that believed in honor and justice which in my most recent hours, seems to be dying still... All the people I have reached out to that are supposed to help have ignored me and left me alone... yet again... Even the police, NHS and local Vicar have turned away and averted their gaze, when my mental state got to the point of me attempting suicide by crashing my motorbike at 70mph they didn't even help, when we begged them to help they looked away, when my father followed me around my village for an hour and the vicar walked past us, when my dad begged him for help and almost broke down saying "Please, can you help my son" and he would walk away.

All the stress started to get amplified after a girl on my bus to school made a false sexual assault allegation even though there was video evidence showing nothing, everyone around me felt ashamed to stand near me and I was thrown out of my local Air Cadet Squadron, even when everything was over and I was proven innocent in every allegation she made they still did not accept me back fully.

Four years ago I met the girl of my dreams, a small girl called Jess... probably the most beautiful thing I have ever had the privilege to look upon, I have seen sunsets in the north of England where the sun shines with an iridescent glow over the mountains and rivers, I have seen the rivers of England in the spring where the trees are so colorful with life and you can hear all of the animals singing their songs, even in the Autumn when everything becomes such warm colors despite the temperatures.

Jess was very antisocial and rarely spoke, but when she did it was like someone knew all the words you wanted to hear and they were whispered in your ear like an angel had come down from heaven just for you. 

We went to Belgium with my local Air Cadets Squadron for a week and did not really speak to each other, I had a crush with a mutual friend called Charlotte and she was sat there on the side smiling at me, it was not until someone stole her wallet at Belgium I noticed how cute she really was, I did probably one of the nicest things I have ever done, I walked into a store nearby and bought her a new one and put some of my own money into it for her, so she could buy gifts for her family at home, on the way back she sat next to me on the bus and cuddled up next to me, this girl looked past my gruff exterior and size and saw a cuddly teddy bear (Which is one of the reasons for my name at the moment), I asked her to be my girlfriend on that trip and she said yes, looked at me and smiled a smile of pure happiness, and she fell asleep on my shoulder.

About six months later or so, the constant bullying that I had took its toll on my mind, making it so I would not go out and have fun like I used to or spend time with those who cared about me, almost all of my time was divided between Cadets and Computers where I could be who I wanted to be, make the friends and choices I wanted to. I had gotten into a fight at college which was entirely the other persons fault as they had made fun of a near-death motorcycle accident I had been in a few weeks prior and I ended up going too far, I kicked the other person in the head with boots on and he ended up in the hospital, at this time I walked away from Jess, I did not want her to have to go through the stress that my family and friends had to with the first case, it hurt us both a lot but it was for the right reasons, she began to get her friends to berate me on facebook and report all my Youtube videos and Twitch channel, mass disapproval does something to a person. I blocked her on Facebook and left it at that.

It was about halfway through Benji's relationship I started to feel at my worse, the constant reminder that I was alone was overbearing on me, I noticed one day that I still had Jess blocked on Facebook and decided to unblock her sometime in March just to see how she was doing, as soon as I did it I saw the most perfect and beautiful person I had ever laid my eyes on, all be it an edgy person wearing black makeup and clothing but beautiful all the same, I spoke up and got in contact with you and the next day you walked 6 miles in the dark and turned up in the village next to me, I came out to pick you up and we hit off in the car, a long-lost spark reignited after spending mere moments with you. That bloomed into a relationship within the first few days and we spent our free time down at the Locks hanging out and catching up with everything. After I realized you moving close to me I asked probably the riskiest question of my life "Do you love me still?" To which I got the best response and one of the happiest memories I have to date. 

 "I never stopped loving you"

Our relationship went on for months, we spent our free time hanging out at her place and mine sat on the sofa under a blanket drinking hot chocolate and watching movies while cuddled up, without a doubt these were some of the happiest times I have ever spent, period. This went well until her GCSEs caught up and we were plunged into stress, so we did everything we could to spend time with each other and reduce the stress while doing revision, a brutal 4 months later and we pulled through, Jess passed all of the GCSEs she needed to and could apply for the course she wanted, that summer as a whole was the best time I have ever had, the highlights being when we got together for our dates at Tex's (It's a SteakHouse) or when I would turn up to her house early and get let in by her family and sneak up the stairs as not to wake her, then cuddle up next to her in bed.

Time, like all things, carried on.

It got to the start of her college course and there was a visible shift in her attitude, as if that sweet girl suddenly had the weight of the world in her shoulders, the times we saw each other grew further and further apart, first it was one day I would not see her or hear from her, then two, then three... It got to only two days maybe three a week where I would hear from her and only one when I would see her.

Her first Half-Term holiday arrived and we spent it at my house, the entire week we got to spend with each other and go out for dates, this was the happiest week I had ever spent in my life and one of her best weeks too, we woke up next to each other and smiled and it was the same at night, we would get home from our dates and would make love then fall asleep in each other's arms...

A few days later she was invited to go to a party with her friends, she told her best friend to not let her get drunk but she did not listen to Jess... Jess got drunk to the point of almost blacking out...

Jess was taken advantage of and raped.

That broke me into pieces, made this whole thing get kick-started and made my life plunge into absolute chaos, I started cutting, every time it would be deeper and deeper, closer to the vein with every day, then one day I broke,  I left my motorbike helmet on her driveway and rode off at 70, I attempted to take my own life previously but this was the one time where it should have happened, for almost an hour  I rode around the countryside in the dark and in the rain hoping that the bike would slip out from underneath me and it would be over, it never happened... I picked my helmet back up and left. 

A few weeks after, Jess had come over to my house to hang out after my shift at work, we ended up getting intimate and decided to start seeing each other again, this lasted for just over a week and everything seemed fine, she was going to tell her family that she was seeing me again and that things were getting better.

She never told them.

For about a week we didn't really talk, Maybe two weeks ago or so, we began to start seeing each other as friends, but that quickly changed into friends with benefits and then into almost being together again, we practically do the same things we used to just without the title.

After a stream last night, Benji told me he was having problems with his hip and was in a large amount of pain when going up and down stairs, this morning I spoke to him and he seemed very down and I could hear something in his voice.

He had gone to the doctors and they noticed a large amount of tissue damage around his hip but are unsure of the length, the doctor said he might have developed some form of cancerous cells from his weight stressing out his muscles, I have been having problems with my left leg for some time now and can't help but connect the dots too.

Back to the question I asked though, what do you all think I should do in this scenario a lot of people have been telling me to just get over it, get over my girlfriend and move on. What should I do now that the well of hope I once had is starting to run dry, please feel free to ask any questions, I would not mind the company.

(I apologize for any punctuation errors or strange flow, I am very tired and have not eaten in a little)

\-Alex 