Grasping at Imaginary StrawsLong story short, I got into my first relationship spring semester senior year. It moved pretty fast and we had very strong feelings for each other; we'd often talk about how to make it work when I went to college (as he was two years younger than me). A day before four months, the night of our spring concert, he broke it off saying it's better to just be friends "because the inevitable will happen." The whole breakup ordeal was the worst, being ignored and having it come out of the blue. It was very emotionally abusive, and to top things off I had to house my best friend starting that same day. Well it's almost nine months later, and for a good seven months of that time, he'd talk complete shit about me and make sure I was aware of it. I've also lost my best friend because I "put our friendship on hold." I've also lost another close friend. I'm a freshman in college rn, I commute so obviously I live very close to my ex, things are very stressful. After I failed my first exam last semester I almost committed suicide, my parents don't know. A combination of school and the stuff going on with my ex was putting a strain on my mental health. It's Valentine's Day and I miss him dearly, yet at the same time I hate him and pity him with a passion unlike any other. I have so much work I have to do rn but I feel pathetic and stupid for letting this boy get in the way of things. If anything I just wish I could talk to him and resolve his misplaced hate for me (he has somewhat significant insecurities that he won't admit and it affects his interpersonal relationships with pretty much everybody). I just don't understand how a relationship could be so fantastic and literally, within a single night (neither of us cheated or anything, he just thought I didn't care for him, but hey he didn't bother to let me know his concerns ever so there's that) everything changed. I know I said long story short and this is anything but, it's pretty scattered but please I think about him daily and my self esteem has dropped so much after the breakup. Before dating him, it was average, while dating him, it was high and I hardly felt suicidal. Since all this, everything is exponentially worse and idk if I can handle the responsibilities of an adult, but I have high ambitions that I want to live up to (I want to be a heart surgeon) but again, that's a long journey with lots of responsibility. I hate myself so much, I feel so undesirable as I'm still single. One of the last things he said to me was "good luck finding someone who will care for you as much as I ever did. Good riddance." and me being single and lonely and still upset over this makes me feel like he's right. I just feel so much hurt and I feel like a disappointment to everyone including myself. I've never had many friends, I was just known as "the smart girl" so in general, I've been a loner. Please, I don't want to grasp at imaginary straws anymore to justify living. The only reason I haven't committed suicide yet is because I'm too afraid it won't work/I'll fuck it up and I'll end up bedridden or severely sick, so much so that it would put me behind in my education that I'd have to further deal with.