I don't want to kill myself, I don't want to take care of myself, I don't want to wake up tomorrowI feel like I've forgotten how to be a person. I don't feel real. I'm only 19. I've been hospitalized for suicidal tendencies before back in August. I went through a 2 month DBT program at a mental hospital. I'm broke. I live with my dad but am being forced to find my own apartment with a seasonal paycheck because we can't afford a house anymore and he's moving into a garage. 

My mom is living with the man who broke up my parents' marriage. My sister is going to Europe with a boyfriend that I like but took her away from me. My ex and I have broken up nine times and we stopped talking yesterday and I screamed and scratched myself without even knowing it and woke up covered it cuts. I can't wear short sleeves or shorts because of all the self harm scars. I try to starve myself and make myself throw up all my food but can't. I'm on ambien and lorazepam and zoloft and have been on trazodone because I don't sleep unless I'm sedated. I'll be unemployed in a few weeks and can't find a full time job and can't afford to live in this city anymore.

All of the colleges I was applying to I can't go to whether it be they won't give me enough loans or they decided to wait until I paid the $100 application fees to tell me I'm not qualified. I'm a failure.

I have so many health problems along with chronic bladder pain that makes sex terrible. I've had it since I was 17. I'm tired of being in pain everyday.

I don't feel like a person anymore. I sat and cried at my kitchen table for a few hours today after I got off work and the only reason I haven't self harmed lately is because I want to cover my scars with tattoos but if I don't have any money for rent how will I ever have money for tattoos so what's the point?  

I might be afraid I might actually cause serious damage this time. I should have gotten stitches last time but I didn't want to tell anybody what I had done. I'm probably just going to log off and do it before I go to bed because I'll never cover them up anyway.

I hate my life and I hate myself for being too weak to comit suicide. Nobody wants to talk to you when you're sad. Even if they'll miss you, it'll be a weight off of their shoulders when you're gone. That's always in the back of my mind. It just makes more sense.