I deserve thisThere's a long-time ex I had stayed best friends with, who I'd been staying with at least 5/7 days pw for several years. Through everything, we'd always had some complicated emotional undertone to everything, and we both knew this level of contact was ultimately unhealthy. But we were both just not ready to lose one another.

Recently, I've been talking with a person we half-knew from our high school days. Couple years older than us, the classic "stay away from him, he's a bad influence" kind of guy. I ended up sleeping with him early on, and had since kept talking to him. Now, the ex and I had both explicitly agreed that being back in a serious relationship would just turn bad again, but there was a sometimes-spoken impression that we were staying monogamous. Exactly what that meant in this weird, limbo-esque context, I'll leave you to decide.

I've cheated on him before. At that time, I was 100% certain he'd stopped loving me, which is why I went looking in other places for affection and validation. I know that doesn't make it anywhere near ok. During that time, I was raped. I try not to look upon it as some kind of justice for what I'd done, but it's not always easy. The ex somehow forgave me after several months, and we got back together.
As you can imagine, that event fucked me up beyond words. My already lifelong depression &amp; anxiety have become increasingly unstable in the four years since it happened, and I know that's a small part of why I keep lying to him. Again, I don't mean to try and excuse myself.

But today, he sat me down and began probing. We're both familiar with the process, but it always repeats just the same:
He starts by saying he spent some time thinking, and is certain I'm with someone else. I deny it like a fucking asshole. He reveals he's gone through my messages, and already has proof. We both know that was a shitty move on his part, but I can't exactly call him out in the moment, not that I deserve to be able to anyway. I apologise, prepare to lose everything yet again, and go to leave.

But this time, I know it's not going to get better. I know I'm never going to be able to change. I will always lie, I will always twist the situation in my head as many times as I can until I hit upon the best solution to avoid facing consequences. I hate myself for it. He told me "oh, and don't kill yourself" as I was packing my things. He did actually mean it in a supportive way, but as you can imagine, all I told him was "yeah, you say that".

I know doing this would hurt so many people. I know he'd face years of trauma and misplaced guilt, and fuck knows I don't need to give him any more emotional issues than I already have. I know the friends I've drifted out of contact with would be confused and devastated. My family would be crushed, always wondering if they could have done more, when they've always done the absolute best they can for me. Potential would be wasted, futures would be snuffed out, and for a long time it would hurt so, so much.


But today, I really do feel like it's the only way I can stop myself from continuing to ruin people's lives. I'm toxic. I suck in light from others, and I turn it to ash. I don't know what I want to achieve by posting this; I just need to say it somewhere before it melts my brain. 



I don't deserve help. I should just do it.