I failed everyone... including methis is just a little something that has bothered me more and more as time goes on. As a kid, I was always seen as the poster child for basketball in my family. Everyone knew I was good and I would practice almost everyday with dreams of just dominating day in and day out. I even ended up being a team captain my senior year when I went to a school with over 650 kids and a good reputation in ball. All that changed my first week of the season.

I ended up doing terrible as even though I would do good in practice, Coach would never put me in for games in order to make time for his favorites. I would openly challenged them and outplay them but I never got the spot my sophomore or junior year . Now my first senior game and I’m sucking? Geez how fun. I ended up getting benched for one of the younger guys and later that week I sustained horrible nerve damage in my left arm that would leave me basically handicapped for 6 months. It still bothers me now and then, but to know that I let all of my peers and loved ones down was a complete bummer. 

I lost all my confidence in turn and now I don’t even know what to do. I don’t know who I am. I feel like I never got a chance to prove my worth, and now everyday it’s in the back of my mind of “what if.” I totally let down my parents even though they never showed up to any of my games. I was always just trying to be the best I could be and I thought it would be good enough; in turn I ended up with nothing and now I’m rejected by almost everyone I know because of what a fuck up I am. All the kids blame me it feels like and they just distanced themselves. I feel like a reject. 

Every week having to go to sports medicine to try and recover what was left of my season and not even getting the green light to at-least sit the bench without warmups never happened. I never was respected or loved the same and I felt alone. 

People will poke fun at me too because I couldn’t even move my arm in the beginning for the first month and when it was out of my arm sleeve it would just fucking flip around like a noodle. But the numbing was traumatizing and the nerves would tingle with pain. I fucking hated every second of it. I let down everyone and I’m not worth shit. I’m a failure. I fucking failed even though I put years and years of dedication and no matter what anyone told me I kept going for nothing. It was all for nothing. I’m a nobody now at my highschool and I don’t even want to talk to anyone because I don’t feel like there is anyone that I CAN talk to about this. I feel like it would only make things worse. I wasted my fucking life and my time on some fucking game. I just want some help and advice... :(