I fear that I’m starting to slip. I worry about how close I’ve been getting to ending it all. I start therapy soon but I don’t know if I can make it that longWhere do I even begin? I’ve been like this, this wreck of a person, for so long I’ve lost track.

Talking to people in the hopes of making friends (real friends, close friends) never works, I feel like it’s literally impossible for me. I try so hard, but my personnel flaws end up pushing people away. I misread social cues and end up acting like such a massive dick to people when I’m just trying to emulate them. Every single person I’ve been acquainted with is better than me in every way imaginable, from academics to work to fitness to charisma. I feel like, in my current “friend” group, I don’t click with everyone else; I feel like their personalities are really mean even as no one else seems to care. I can’t discuss my interests (which seem to be getting fewer and fewer in number) without being met with blank stares or even a flat-out “I don’t care”. They’re great people though, each and every one of them brings something to the table except me. I have one, *one* close friend, who understands me better than my own family, and he’s so burnt out on talking to me about my negativity that I have no one to talk to now. 


My family never understood me. I’m always the odd one out. The only introvert, the only depressed one, the only one that struggles socially. Mental health problems are so foreign to my parents that they, for the longest time, refused to let me get tested/go to therapy. Only recently have they even come close to acknowledging it and helping me find help, but even then they just don’t even *try* to understand or empathize. My mother is very...set in her ways, railing on me for not fitting the image she has for me. My dad tries but he’s so devoid of emotional understanding that he’s really hard to get along with sometimes.


I’ve never been in a relationship. Never kissed a girl, never been on a date, never even held a girl’s hand. It pains me physically to see couples being intimate in public and realizing that I’ll probably never experience that. 


I’ve never been comfortable in my own body. I’m overweight, more so by the day. I’m tired of tight clothes and the muffin top, the flabby chest and the bloated belly, every single day. 


I don’t have a firm handle on my emotions. My reactions are always super over-the-top and I don’t know why. 

I’m a boring person with no passions. I don’t have some quirk that sets me apart. 

The absolute worst part? I’ve tried, so hard for so long, to improve. I’ve tried diets and intense exercise, but I can’t lose the weight. I’ve tried practicing social stuff for a long time but I keep fucking up all the time. I’ve tried seeing a therapist back home but it never amounted to anything. Basically, any time I try to improve, I get stuck and end up where I started, or worse. 


I’d give anything, *anything*, to be normal. To be able to have real, dependable friends and interact with them like a normal person. To find a romantic interest that I can experience intimacy (not necessarily sexual intimacy) with. To not feel like a soulless, gelatinous waste of space. To have something in my life make *sense* for once.  I’d give anything to be able to wake up in the morning, look in the mirror and truthfully say “I don’t hate everything this reflection represents”, or to go into a social setting without immediately hindering myself, or to think to myself, “hey, I’m a good person that deserves to be here”. 


I don’t know where I’m going with all this, I don’t know what I expect anybody to say, to be honest. I start therapy soon but idk if I can even make it that long. I was really close to killing myself last night. Scarily close. That’s the second time this month. I just feel like I’ll be stuck here forever, and that I failed at life and don’t deserve to drag other people down anymore.


This is probably formatted terribly and doesn’t make coherent sense, apologies for that. It all probably seems melodramatic too, like a pity party. Apologies for that too. If anybody has any advice for just getting through the next couple days, it would mean a lot.