I don't know how much longer i can go on*im not looking for advice. just need to rant

Im 16. Im a transgender boy. Ive been "out" for a while now. Although i knew since i was a little kid. Anyways Im on a waiting list for a consultation to get on Testosterone. And Thats all that has been getting me through these days lately. 

Ive struggled with depression/anxiety/eating disorders/suicidal tendencies since about 2011/2012. Ever since i realized i was trans it only got worse. Im in a place right now where i want to throw everything away and attempt to take my life again. I failed two years ago, i thought things would get better. Theyve just worsened. The thing is, the list has a minimum waiting time of 6 months. I genuinely dont know if i can make it that long. Every day is literal agony for me. Not to be cliche but Ive turned to drugs/drinking to try and numb myself. And it only temporarily works. 

Ive tried to convince myself that itll be worth it and remember all of the awesome changes thatll happen when i get on t and how much better my life will be due to all of the relieved dysphoria and anxiety (not completely, obviously, but significantly). But then i really think about it and 6 months is a really fucking long time. I cant stand being alive every second knowing im stuck in this fucking body and i cant do anything about it. I have emotional breakdowns way too often because of this. Plus, theres a chance i wont even get to start HRT. 

Ive relapsed when it comes to eating again as well. Maybe if i get thin enough again ill pass better. dropped 15lbs already. 

My grades are slipping. I used to be a straight a student once upon a time. Now i have maybe a 60% average if im lucky. 

I cant look anyone in the eyes anymore because my anxiety is so bad. 

I dont know where im going with this really. I just want /someone/ to hear how im doing. 

The option of suicide has been on my mind more than anything lately. Ive sought help. Nobody is able to do anything. Every day that goes by i feel myself slip a little more. 

If i do end up going through with this, sometime in the future, im sorry