Just looking for some helpSo i don't know how to start this or what to write but i guess i should say something about myself and why i want to do this. The thing is i have been fighting this for about 3 years now, expecting things to get better but they haven't. My father is abusive verbally and sometimes physically. My parent are together however he abuses my mom verbally as well. The reason that i fell suicidal is because of him mostly. I cant handle all his shit that he throws and all the pain he causes. One time he woke up up in the middle of the night and just started beating me because apparently i broke something of his. Then he kicked me out so i left but after a week i was welcomed back home. He views me as a disappointment and has said so because i didn't get into a good college and am going to a community college. He makes good money but refuses to pay for my education. The reason that i haven't killed myself yet is because i don't want to leave my mom alone with my sister. I can barely sleep at night and because of him when i do sleep my dreams are plagued with me fighting my father all the time. I have such hate for him and everything he does but i was raised not to strike out at my father or fight him. I don't know what i should do because i think ill start going insane if i keep on feeling such hate for him and will eventually be driven to kill him, but that isn't something i want to do. So naturally the only thing is for me to commit suicide and get rid of this burden and his constant pestering. Sure i have friends and i talk to them alot but ever since i fought with my best friend because he backstabbed me i couldn't get over it. I realized that all these...friends are just people we just value them more and i cant count on them because people care for themselves mostly. I get decent grades at school mostly a's and b's but i dont apply myself enough cause i have no motivation to complete school. To be honest i didnt even see myself going to college because i didnt think i would live this long. Anyways thats enough about me.