I’m a 17 yr old girl and tonight I might dieI live with my aunt and uncle because my mom passed away and my dad just did drugs/drank and lost custody. My current family has two children, one already moved out. My aunts youngest daughter is her princess. She treats her with kindness and love. Her older daughter she loves just as much and if not more. She often goes out to lunch with her, buys her things  and brags about her. I try so hard to fit in, I try to make it possible for her to see me as her daughter, I know she never will. I’ve lived here for 10 years almost and I feel singled out everyday. I’m in high-school taking college classes, I’ve never disobeyed her. I never get in trouble. Today I come home from work, I walk in the door and the first thing she does is look me up and down, turn on her flashlight on her phone and say, “You wore that to work? Those shoes don’t even match.” And she goes on with my uncle saying she doesn’t want her kids to end up like faggots or whatever she said. So I sit there defenseless, feeling like shit. 

I have an eating disorder, and have had one since I can remember. I’m constantly skipping meals, and fasting, and weighing myself. The lowest I’ve gotten is 98lbs. She picks on me about my clothes being too big, and makes me feel worse. 

My aunt is also an alcoholic, like my dad was. She hides her vodka under the oven. Sometimes she even takes valium and drinks vodka. One night it got so bad she walked around the house naked, and thought I was a boy. She cut her leg and there was blood dripping all over the house. She does this a lot. When she’s not drinking and abusing her medicine she is shit talking my dad, calling him worthless, an alcoholic and acts like he’s so terrible. (My dad knows he’s an alcoholic and doesn’t take it out on other people like she does) She constantly comes home from work screaming at us. 

I have barely any friends, or none that I can talk to. My aunt makes fun of me for that too. I’ve never heard her say anything positive to me since I got out in their custody.

Her daughter is terrible. The other night she stole my dads car and drove to a party, she’s 14. Her daughter treats me so bad, and makes me feel like I don’t belong here. She’s always getting away with everything, and never gets punished.

My dad is going to die soon I think, he recently got in a car wreck and broke a ton of bones. He was in recovery and began drinking again. He lost a lot of weight.Whenever I facetime him he just makes me cry and weighs all of his problems on me. He always talks about how much he misses my mom when she passed away over 10 years ago. He cries when I call him and he’s always drunk and makes me feel so terrible. He weighs all of his problems on my shoulders. He always says. “Don’t worry, your daddy won’t hang  himself. They took my guns a away a long time ago.” Why would you say that to me???? 

I can’t talk to anybody, they don’t listen to me and my aunt doesn’t think I need a therapist. I really don’t want to be alive anymore. She wouldn’t miss me if I died, nobody would. I don’t deserve to be here. Clearly I lucked out on life. She feels like I’m a burden here and only used me for social security that they get from the state. 

I WANT TO DIE! I’ve called the suicide hotline before but they made me feel so much worse and I hung up.