i cant anymore i need to say this i cant keep it all inside . i am a drug user mainly just weed and i was already at rock bottom and smoking to get by.i got caught all of my stuff some stuff way more illegal then the rest. my mom took my stuff and my money and almost called the cops on me and if the cops came i would have gone to prison( yeah that illegal) this happened last week and i havent been eating for 3 weeks ive lost about 7 pounds and im a bigger girl i got a tummy and i hate it i wanna be pretty and then maybe people will like me and i can makes freinds. no matter how hard i try i cant make good freinds im realy mature for my age (16)  so i guess i dont fit in and ive never really made friends. trust me im trying but i just cant . 2 weeks ago i started getting bullied it started with people throwing volleyballs at me . im dry and sober and still feeling the tail end of withdrawal never been this suicidal before and this is coming from the girl who was diagnosed with sever decompression in 5 grade and started cutting in 6th im covered in scares but im not ashamed of them anymore so i guess that good but not really cause i just dont care .my "escape pills where taken" and all my sharp stuff so im working up a new plan to leave. my childhood wasnt the best no matter how much my mom said it was good it was tramatic for me. my real dad left i ran across 4 lains of traffic to get to him when he was leaving i was about 4 its what started my abandonment issues and never learning  that love isnt supposed to hurt. and them i got a step dad with very bad anger issues and money spending problems. i never learned that love wasnt supposed to hurt and be painful so i always thought it was supposed to be that way but i guess not. and i never get the good guy i never do . my heart has been broken so my any times a lot of pieces are missing and it will never be whole again. myu life has no purpose and no hope for the future and way would it im worthless trash and no one would miss me. im only 16 but ive suffered more then most people do in a lifetime how am i supposed to go on knowing it will get worse . im so hungry but i know i cant eat or ill get more fat and i need to be skinny.i have nothing to live for im never good enough for anyone or anything. suicide is the best option.