My wife had a breakthrough thinking about suicideOur daughter took her life last summer, and it threw us borh into the crisis of your lives. Rachel's response was top read up on it. Mine was to find a story that made it make sense. (http://mfinley.com/pdf/zombie-girl.pdf, if you're interested)

Rachel's breakthrouh occurred reading a book called SUICIDE AND THE SOUL, by psychiatrist James Hillman. Hillman's idea is that we all freak out when we hear about suicidal wishes. Like a fire department we all rush to the scene, and seek at all costs to prevent it.

Hillman suggests that the psychiatrist might be wiser to walk with the suicide to the lip of the abyss and stare down into it with him/her.  We still don't want the person to jump, but more than that we want to honor their journey to the edge of nonexistence.

He's just talking about psychiatrists, not folks like us. But there is something to this. Depressed people are not usually helped with chucks to the chin, promises of a better day dawning, good times being just around the corner.

In a way it is better to be a real friend, and acknowledge the pain that has brought the person to the edge. In short, to love that person and his or her struggle.

Some people, Rachel and I decided, including our beloved daughter Daniele, are involved in a dance with death. In a sense, they have already lived their lives -- intensely, often miserably. 

This accounts for a small percentage of those of us with suicidal urges. I'm talking the hard core -- the death's head kids. Daniele was such. When she died there were literally over a hundred plastic and ceramic skulls surrounding her.

Could she be saved? She was saved, once. But she took pains not to be saved the second time. No note, no longing glances -- even though she adored us.

What is the lesson of a kid like that? That suicide is very profound, and deserving of our respect. Sure, we don;t want one another to die. But we all will die. The trick is to know one another, to respect one another, so that when we do die, we aren't entirely by ourselves.

If you see someone having a hard time, don't be too quick with the wise words. Buy 'em a coffee. give 'em a hug. Listen to their story.

I got off the topic of James Hillman toward the end here. It was me talking, not him. I don't recommend reading his book unless you are a real good reader! But you got the gist of it right here.