suicide isn't Wrong or we just don't care. its proven by how we treat itsuicide isn't Wrong or we just don't care. its proven by how we treat it  
suicide prevention isn't about care. its about money and a pat on the back. always has been and always will be.

we use guilt and others feelings to say why its wrong. which actually proves the person is right NOT wrong. if you can't think of one reason it would help them you likely are wrong in saying they shouldnt and also likely wrong they are truly helping others. (if they can't help themself they can't help others we actually teach this {can't fill from empty cup} )  


next we make false promises. it gets better. no statistically it gets worse not better #sorrynotsorry it was a mis-informed program for bulling in schools and it actually failed even for that. stop spreading it.  
we make other promises but don't personally verify or have anyway to make sure they have a reasonable chance of being true. STOP DOING THIS! you prove their suicide was right. and that you lied. last thing you need when you need them to trust you. #don'tmakeapromiseyoucantkeep  


stop making it a actual CRIME to attempt suicide. great proof there its not about helping but money. YES look it up is is a crime in the books or used to be. but the successful completion is not.  


AND MOST IMPORTANTLY if they say its FINANCIAL related the ABSOLUTE WORSE THING YOU CAN DO is to GIVE them ANOTHER BILL... that means the WORST POSSIBLE thing is to call the cops on them.  
you an't cute. you aint doing the right thing. your teaching them A: you don't care about legal or financial issues for them. B: that prob makes them more suicidal and more likely to attempt.  
C: its a dick move and proof the healthcare system and mental isnt about saving lives BUT making money.  


remember its NOT asked for by the person, non consent treatment. PROVEN to not be medically necessary in majority of cases and actually more likely to cause harm. WHY THE F$&amp;$&amp;&amp;$ should i have to pay one dime for it. oh yeah because its a LEGAL thing not even a medical and untill after the asseement its more less practicing medicine without a license. (the cop isnt trained for this; many require a medical doctor to interact, but most don't actually do this)  


you want to save someone form suicide DON"T EVER CALL 911 on them. you 100% of the time do not improve the situation this has been proven. you can't stop them from doing it. and you WILL 100% of the time lose a friend for it. and make them for up to 3 months MORE likely to actually die then before.    


\^\^\^ needs to be teached rather than the outdated lie.  if you really want to help BE there in person. otherwise you can't help by a phone call to police. which for some groups that alone can make sure you can find out the person died instead. some like LGBT and POC actually that alone is the most likely to end up with them dead by the police.   


better yet if you don't even know if they are at work or home DON"T FRI\*ING CALL. i was pulled out of work and lost pay and socked with a 2.5K medical bill you don't think i was less. i actually attempted AFTER that when i had no intent before. SO NO it actually makes them more likely to attempt not less!