Are these just mood swings?Idk what's up with me. I think sometime early this month (sorry I don't remember the timestamps and stuff) I was displaying symptoms of depression every day for almost a week. Then after that it somehow became better. It's been normal for like 1.5 weeks and now I'm just a mess. I get suicidal thoughts sometimes and I feel the urge to cut, but I dont. I punch walls instead- When I say sometimes it's something that triggers (eg dreading something/ reading something about suicide) it usually, I think. And I also get into a depressed state like I am right now. I have no idea what it is...

I don't really think these are mood swings but I really don't know what's going on. I'm 13 and a half and I'm stuck in quarantine with online school. I just feel so lost. Like my life is spiralling out of control. I feel like sooner or later I'm going to lose control and cut and I'm scared I won't be able to stop. 

One of my friends who is 18 helps a bit and he listens but he just doesn't really get it. I have a friend who said i can speak to her (shes was suicidal a few months ago) but idk since we can only communicate via text you can't really have that moment of silence thing right? I'm also counselling one of my friends and ahhhhhh I do help her but I can't help myself. 

Sorry this is just a mess of words. I have access to the school counsellor but one of my friends told me she went there once and the counsellor just didnt get it. Quoting her 'okay u can tell me anything but if u tell me ur suicidal ahah i have to tell the principal and ur parents and the government and the aliens in space'

I'm scared. Sometimes I feel so empty yet full of sadness and hopelessness. Sometimes I'm just normal. Sometimes I get irritated easily. Idt i have bipolar but aljfkhsdkjhflask. Sometimes, at night, when I'm alone with my thoughts I rip myself apart and all I can think is 'what is wrong with me' and 'i am crap' and stuff like that. I started journalling and it helps a bit but-

When I'm in a depressive state all I wanna do is die. When I'm not that depressed sometimes I just dont wanna exist anymore. i just wanna fade away. idk. idk. idk. idk. idk. i know i wont take my own life but im still scared. 

Sorry for the long post....please help me. Please.