Set a date, writing letters now.This is my first time I've ever posted anything on reddit but I needed to. I'm currently 15 years old. I've never tried to find help but I first remember feeling like total shit in Year 7 (11 years old). I constantly felt like people were judging me for everything, back stabbing etc. I felt like this until the start of Year 9 (13 years old) until it sorta clicked that I shouldn't really care what people think of me. 

I recently had a "relapse", I guess you could call it that. I constantly feel guilty that there are people in much worse conditions than me and here I am wollowing in my own pity. I don't like to trust people with secrets or feelings. I haven't cried in over two years because I don't like people to see my weakness. I think I've pretty much forgotten the feeling of crying, it's just so foreign to me now. 

I think the main reason I feel utterly horrible is the fact I recently discovered what I want to do with my life. I have always had an obsession with the stars and space. To a point where I don't want to live on this hell hole of a planet anymore. It doesn't actually feel like I belong here anymore. I think my whole life is just one reason and that's to get off Earth just once. I just want to see everything with my own eyes. 

I began to look things up, started looking at what I needed to get into a good sixth-form and stuff like that. I've always been pretty good at school, I'm in top sets for everything but my grades have just been getting lower and lower. I need B's in my GCSEs to get into the sixth-form I want to go to. After that I need to get into a good university to take physics and get at least a bachelor's degree. This may all seem pretty easy for some (I was this person until 6 months ago) but I just have this constant feeling I'm going to fail at everything. That my whole life depends on whether I get a certain grade when I'm 16 years old. 

Society just seems to be constantly screwing me over. I can't vote yet and my whole life is in the hands of someone else. The government just seems to be so corrupted from my point of view. All I see in the media is constant lies. I'm not saying it's the illuminati or anything like that, but I can't see a man (David Cameron) who took history and political economics (the one that doesnt actually teach proper economics, it's probably teaching how to screw over a country) at degree level not destroying the UK. (Just as a bonus, George Osborne actually took History and got a 2:1 in it, fun times)

Anyway, that's off the point. The point was that my life just seems so pointless when I just feel like I'm failing and there is literally no chance that I'll achieve my dream any time soon. 

I've set a date. I've actually given myself quite a long time. I want to see if my life will turn around any time soon. Surprisingly, it's after my GCSEs have finished (I'm still in year 10, another year to go yet). I've began to write letters already though. 

Sorry if that felt a bit ranty, there's really only one person in the world I want to talk to about this but I fear that he wouldnt come to my aid. I really just needed to let it all out. 

Tl;Dr: 15 year old in a messed up world where dreams can't be fulfilled, doesn't see much point in living.