Having a hard time finding meaning for going on any longer.Hello there. 

&amp;#x200B;

I have a hard time finding a reason to go on with my life. 

I am massive procrastinator. I'm turning 26 soon and I haven't accomplished much.

So basically I had a rough childhood. I was diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome and ADHD at a young age which made making friends and focusing extremely hard. I was sexually abused at 10 years old and people started bullying me for that.

I got very lonely and started escaping into porn and video games at the age around 10-11 years old. I got hooked on both for 14 years. In high school I got introduced to marijuana. Got pretty addicted to that as well and finally got off it and all my other addictons this May. Been sober from all the old bad habits almost.

After high school I went to College. The first degree was pretty interesting but not very welll paying but I made a very good set of friends. For the first time in my life I belonged into a group. However after the first year I changed the degree into a "better one" which would allow me to easier get jobs and higher pay. I moved city and from the very beginning I got depressed and very avoidant. This was in 2015.

Now in 2020 I still haven't cleared the first years studies. I got so stuck into my avoidant behavior that I did not do almost anything else during those 5 years than video games, porn, alcohol, tobacco, crappy food and weed. I just distracted myself from the passage of time.

May 2020 I realized I am 25 years old, no degree yet, 25 000€ debt, wasted 12+ hours a day for the last 5 years, no job record, still a virgin, no savings, no investments, crappy "friends" that don't pull me forward in life.

I feel so horrible for wasting that much time! I could have trained my creative passions like playing guitar or drawn but I did not put effort into anything.

Actually that is probably the most disturbing thing I'm facing... I never put effort into anything and wasted and am still wasting the most precious resource of all: TIME.

I have got so obsessed with time that it put me on sick leave. The doctor ordered me to not hink about time for a few weeks. Which is horrible because all great things, learning, earning, experiences, love all of them require the investment of time.

&amp;#x200B;

I am paying a massive price for my years of procrastination. It is true that ou can't have it all in life but I've realized that going to be even more tough for me now due to not putting in any major effort to escape the comfort zone for 5 FUCKING YEARS!!! 

And one thing hat is not helping at all is that I've watched way too amny youtube videos about productivity and success. All of them repeat the same thing: TIME is most precious, AND START NOW.

I have this massive amount of things to do and wishes to accomplish but I'm realizing day by day how hard my life will become if I don't start working like hell. Not helping at all the countless mistakes that I HAVE not made. It is like being 15 on the inside and 26 on the outside.

I never really took the time to figure out what I wanted to accomplish in my life. I chose the wrong degrees leaving my hobbies and passions to suffer. I've left a massive minefield of crap behind me which will not go away.

Now I'm starting to lose relatives and the lockdown is affecting my family. I feel disgusting for not using the tools and energy I have to further myself in the right way. 

Everytime I'm about to start something I freeze thinking about how much time it will cost me if I commit to it and in the end I end up wasting time not doing anything at all. I want to be productive so bad that I've ended becoming even more unproductive.

My dreams of becoming financially free or having a family before 35 are at risk every second.

I need to grow up into an adult in some way, taking responsibility, stop wasting time, being productive but I have too many paths to choose from. Two different degrees that I'm falling behind on and 3 creative passions that are underdeveloped due to my procrastination.

I already regret so much for wasting so much time and it gets worse every day. I wake up with a panic attack and take meds for it and start doing something. Usually it is only minor things like food, cleaning up, checkiing clothes and then I realize in the evening that I haaven't taken any big step to improve my life, just staying alive.

I do not know what to study, the doctor says I'm in no condition to start working and I've ended up with a lot of "free-time". I know I should not use this golden opportunity on vane things like video games or movies. 

I am getting help from a psychologist and a life coach but still feeling time is going to get the best of me.

Most of my days go in self defeating thoughts like my life already ruined, this is  waste of time, why did you do that? 

&amp;#x200B;

I am not sure if I can take this for very long anymore. I want to believe and know that I can have a normal life and not fall into mediocrity or poverty. I have all the tools and all the knowledge, how can I break the comfort zone before I decide to kill myself?