I just don't know what to do anymoreI've been really really struggling the last few months, my mental health is the worst it's been in years and my finances have been struggling as a result because I can barely work. Over the last few months my friend killed himself, my other friend/flatmate had a drug induced psychosis and after being incredibly stressful and sometimes scary to live with was removed from the flat for our safety, leaving me to pay her rent. My other 'close' friends have been using me as a piggy bank, buying drugs then telling me they can't afford their full rent so I have to panic and borrow money last minute to make rent for the flat. I am an escort, and I have PTSD. Normally I would under no circumstances work if I was in this mindset, but suddenly my bills doubled and so my workload had to double too. Then the pandemic hit and I couldn't work anymore, but the government won't accept my applications for financial help. I'm over $2000 in debt now, and it will be at least two weeks before I can return to work. I also struggle with psychosis, and the stress of all this has me hallucinating constantly, made worse by the fact drugs are currently my only effective cupping mechanism but they aggravate my psychosis when I'm in this state. I feel alienated from my friends, and the one friend I might be comfortable talking to this about is not doing well at all herself right now and u don't want to burden her with my issues that she has no control over, especially if I go through with suicide because I don't want her to feel responsible or like it was her duty to stop me. My mind has been obsessing over suicide and self harm lately, I can't seem to escape the thoughts. I think about what I have to live for and all I can see is debt and isolation. I can't work long enough hours to support myself on any other job, I was hoping to get on the benefit and quit escorting until I'm well enough again for it to be healthy but it looks like that isn't happening either. I've been in therapy for years but I have a lot of truama and trust issues and I just don't connect with other people enough to be honest and open with them, especially therapists. I feel like I'm failing in every aspect of my life. My flat is a broken down tip that my family makes fun of me for, my job makes my dad miserable and I have to lie constantly to my mum, I'm a bad role model for my younger sister, I have 0.07c to my name and my rent of $340 is due by the end of the day or I'll let down my whole flat because we pay our whole rent as a group. I feel like a shit fucking person for obsessing over suicide like this. I know it will only be handing off my issues to other people but I just don't know what to do anymore. There's a constant background of intrusive thoughts in my head showing me gruesome images of harming and killing myself as well which is busy not helping at all. I've thought of calling the suicide hotline but phone calls give me panic attacks at the best of times and I don't even know what they could do except tell me the things I've heard a thousand times before over the phone. I've done myself staying to write my will, planning methods, grieving myself in a way and looking up articles on making peace with your death. The only thing holding me back at this point is the shame and grief, and the fear of failing and having to face all the people I hurt. But now that I've seen it done, and experienced the grieving process, and seen how people are able to pick themselves up and go on with life, I don't even know anymore. Reaching out for help here because it's anonymous so I won't be afraid of someone taking the control out of my hands and potentially making my life considerably worse.
Thank you if you read the whole way through, my brain is scattered right now so the post is probably scattered as well and hard to follow