Running out of optionsI guess it all started my freshman year of college. This may be a little long, so I apologize in advance for the length. 

For some reason, I decided to go to a small university in a small town just outside of Dallas. I was always "the weird one" in high school and friendships didn't come so easily, so why I decided on a school that was filled with the kinds of people I wasn't friends with in high school is beyond me. 

The only friend I had was my roommate, and she was pretty popular but I didn't want to bother her with my friendship so I mostly stuck to myself and didn't go out whenever she'd invite me out with her friends.

I spent more time online, and I'd stay up until about 6 or 7 in the morning just on the Internet. I had class at 8, but I was too tired to go so I stopped going. It was so hard being away from my family and being around people that I didn't feel like I could connect with. By the end of the first semester, I sought out help with the counseling services at my school. It helped just a tiny bit. 

My major had been physics and I felt like I had my whole life planned out, but I realized physics wasn't the major I wanted to pursue so I felt lost.

I didn't feel like continuing at that school would be healthy for me, so I came home. I enrolled in a community college, but getting back into gear was hard. I dropped all of my classes that spring semester, and I eventually had to come clean to my parents about everything; the depression, the dropping out of class, the thoughts of suicide. I couldn't stop crying as I talked to my mom. Nothing came of it, though. We only had the one conversation about it and that was in the spring of 2012. 

I dropped one of my classes this semester and I've had to lie to my parents about it. They think I took four when I really took three. They want to see my grades next week when they're posted online and I'm so scared that they'll find out about it. I've already wasted their money going to a university and skipping class, and I don't want them to find out about this too. 

I just feel like there's so much pressure on me. I've been thinking of suicide for the last few months now and everyday it looks like a more considerable option. 

Recently, I went to my current school's counseling service to see if they offered an appointment between when I have class and when I have work, but they didn't. 

The future is just looking darker and darker for me. That sounds so stupid to say. I've promised myself that if I'm not happy by the time I turn 30, then I'll kill myself, but I'm only 19 right now and I'm not sure if I can wait that long. 

I'd like to tell my parents that I need help, but I can't. I don't want to see them worry about me, even though they should. If any of you have read that new post from Hyperbole and a Half, that's exactly how it is for me. I don't want to see the look on their face when I tell them that I want to kill myself.