I'd rather be dead than be gayI don't even know where to start. Everything sucks, it always has and I'm starting to feel like it always will. I'm a 20 year old virgin faggot and I just can't keep dealing with this bs. I only realised I was gay last year, before then I was just confused and naive and didn't have many friends. My parents don't know, but I'm pretty sure they're gonna kick me out if I do tell them. Even if they don't, I know I'll always be a disappointment to them, all they ever wanted was for me to have a wife and kids. I've told my friends, and they're supportive, and I've felt like now that I'm more honest, I've actually gotten closer to some of them but lately I've been thinking that maybe things would've been better if I had just killed myself instead of coming out to them, at least it would have hurt less for all of them seeing as we weren't as close back then. Seeing all my friends get with chicks and have girlfriends and talk about girls, I'm just so jealous and I feel like I don't fit in or belong and to make it worse, they all know, they all know it sucks but there's nothing anyone can do about it, so they just feel bad and pity me and that makes me feel worse. I feel like a burden on them, like by being around I'm making them feel bad for shit that other guys wouldn't normally give a fuck about. I feel like they only invite me to shit because they pity me, and that they probably don't even want me around. I feel like i don't fit in or belong anywhere, I always have. It feels like there is no place for me on this planet, whether I'm with friends or family, I feel like I was a mistake. No matter what I'm doing or who I'm with, it's just constantly rubbed in my face that I'm a freak, that guys should like girls, and that I'm some fucking gross mistake for feeling otherwise. I wish I could've met someone like me, someone I could relate to, someone I could have a connection with but I don't think I ever will, and now I'm so fucking ready to stop trying, to just give up and disappear. I just wish I was born straight, but I know that wishing for shit is stupid, so I just want to fucking die.