I can't find any other exit than suicideI am 17, i know it's a really stupid age to think about suicide and that the hormones are messing with my thoughts, but i can't take this pain no more, i'm from Brazil, so if at some point i make any mistakes, please, forgive me, it's not my native language.

I lived my entire life with an extreme feeling of guilt in my subconscious, never really felt that i enjoyed living or had any real happy moments. All this time i've felt that i've been lying to myself trying to get happy, trying to love myself, trying in general. I've lived a fair amount of things that destroyed my life, and i want to talk about those events so i can explain my pain.

My entire life, since i was a young kid, i've seen my parents hate each other, their arguing about how their lives is terrible but they never got away from each other, the reason was simple, i was born, i needed a father so he couldn't go away, but then they started to get mad at me, and discount their anger in me, they never, NEVER, told something to me that hurt me in a way i could never forget, but feeling the pain of the thought that i destroyed their lives is overwhelming, it still is, they still don't get along and even today i feel really bad about it, and feel like it's my fault at some point. 

Not being enough that this guilt pursues me even today, as a kid i developed depression at the age of 12, i lost friends, even though i've never had many friends, i lost them. I suffered bullying my entire life for being different, everyday back then that i've been back  home i was crying, but trying to hide from my family, since i didn't want to trouble them more than i had. I had only one friend that were with me, my brother, his name was Patrick. Patrick was my best friend on a world that i've felt i was wrong, but he were always there for me. Patrick had  muscular dystrophy, a disease that destroyed his muscles since he was a young kid, even though he suffered so much pain, he couldn't walk and in the end even properly move his hands, Patrick was happy, Patrick never cried or complained about his situation, that inspired me, made me love him so much more than i've ever loved myself, but inspired me at the same time to love myself. In 2015, Patrick couldn't move anymore, his muscles were completely destroyed and his heart dying. He then died, my only friend died, my brother, the only person at the time i've ever felt as a friend. I couldn't handle that, i can't handle it, and i don't even think i am going to handle it someday.

After the loss of my brother, my life was at a critical point, at the age of 14 i've suffered from a serious case of acne, which made people make even more fun of me at school, i had lost my friend, i hated my appearance, hated myself, then it came to my life, the though of suicide, but i never pushed it that far. I've met a girl, she made me happy, i put all my expectations, happyness and enjoyment at her, i felt for the first time at my life that i was happy, that i could enjoy my life. But it ended in 2016, with her telling me that she got tired of me, and i didn't made her have fun anymore. Then she just got away from my life. At this point, when we break up, everything came back to me, i've never got over Patrick's death, i've always felt bad for my family, i've always hated myself and felt guilty, i were only lying to myself, to see if i could get away with that pain.

In 2017, i've met another girl, she was extremely depressed, and i was too, i tried to help her, but i've hurt myself so much in the process that i was over, it was my breaking point, i started cutting myself, i've thought of overdosing my depression medicines and take alcohol so i could die, but i didn't kill myself. The reason is rather simple, i've met with the same girl i've dated in 2015, but now, she told me that she felt bad over that one year time, and never could forgive herself about what she did to me. Then we started dating again, and once again, i've felt happy, we traveled together, had time together, we made so many things, we developed a way to talk to ourselves, played games together and i got so much better with time, we had a really healthy and adult relationship, we were happy, she promised to me that she loved me, and i felt loved so hard, i've felt like i've found the person of my life, and she felt the same. But then i started to get bad again, and this impacted on our relationship, ending it, we had 2 years together, and i can't get over it. On the other side, she did, she is living happy and even though it's been only a week, she seems extremely happy and fine. I can't help but feel like she was with me just afraid that i would hurt myself, and feeling that i took her life, which even her best friend told me it, that it was just for me, she stopped feeling herself happy with me about 1 month ago.

In our breakup she told me that it was a bad relationship, even though she smiled so much with me, told me that loved me so much and would like to be forever with me, but she didn't. I got mad and asked why, she throw all the guilt to me, which destroyed me, but i already got over it talking with her, and she said that she were sorry and didn't notice putting all the guilt to me. We're ended, there's nothing left to say, and i am getting over it, i will, eventually. But it feels pointless, if i don't have her anymore, i thing i'll just go back being who i was 2 years ago, a pile of mistakes and depression. I know, i can't put my personal happyness and satisfaction in the hands of other person, i have to learn to love me, but i can't, i simply can't. All those years before i met her i tried, and failed, i only got worse and worse.

 I have a family that loves me, friends that tries their maximum to help me get over my problems, medicines to combat depression and all the means to get over it. But i feel like it's too late. I don't feel euphory anymore, and i think i never felt it all before, it all seems like a big lie to myself, my days are all messed up, during the relationship i felt the same, but never gave too much attention because i had someone i love. But now alone, i can only agonize, i am trying, im seeing my friends, i am spending time with my family, i am taking my medicines, but i am not getting better, instead, this is the first time in my life that i am planning to kill myself, and i think that if i don't get better, i will proceed to do such. 

I really need help, i don't know what do, i don't know how to help myself and how to get rid of all this pain that even though i try so much to get rid off, i fail. All the memories from my 2 years long relationship is killing me, and my crippling anxiety makes me even worse, not only that, but i feel like all my previous problems are coming back to me, that they are haunting me. I simply don't know what to do, and the only thing that really calms me is the thought of killing myself.

I don't know what to do. I don't know how to deal with it and there are too many heavy things at my back now, things that i never could get rid off, even though i tried.

Please, help me, how can i be so young, yet so lost?