I slipped so quickly...About a week an a half ago I was a normal boy.  Well, 25 years old, maybe you'd say man, whatever.  And then all of a sudden I started to question whether or not I had Gender Dysphoria.  For those who don't know, that means that I really feel like a woman, like I should be a woman.

I'm prone to self-reflection, so all the pieces fell in place, so suddenly.  I remembered every single fucking time I thought "Wow that girl is pretty I wish I could be like her," and quickly dismissed the thought.  I remembered that I daydreamed about having shapeshifting powers just so I could be a girl.  I remembered every single fucking time I thought I wished I was a girl and then pushed that thought away.  I can't deny to myself that this is who I am, but I wish so, so fucking hard that it wasn't.

And now, a mere week and a half later, I really, really want to kill myself.  I thought I had suicidal tendencies when I was younger but that was a joke compared to right now.  I never knew how real these thoughts could be.  I guess on some level I want people to tell me not to do it, otherwise I wouldn't be posting here, but....I don't know who I am.  I never thought I'd be capable of committing suicide, but I'm broken into so many pieces right now that the only thing I can do is stare at a computer screen and slap myself.

I have to see everyone so much.  My friends and my family.  None of them know anything.  How could they, when even I didn't know?  Everyone is straight and normal, and if I killed myself and wrote a letter explaining why, they would all cry at my funeral but secretly be glad that they didn't have to deal with my shit for years on end.  And no, don't fucking tell me that they would "actually" miss me, you don't know them!  I know them!  I just don't know myself.

EDIT: Hey everyone.  I just wanted to say that I loved reading your comments on here, they really helped me to feel better.  I've been spending some more time with friends and stuff, and even though they don't know my darkest secret, they still managed to make me feel really good.  

Crisis averted for now.  You people are doing good work.