I'm [18/M] who can't be togheter with girlfriend, despite both willing it.Just about 1 year ago, we were forced to break up.
Despite not wanting to, nor did i want it, neither did she.

We been dating in secret for 3 months, wich is very hard after you've had an open public relationship and where allowed to sleep togheter every weekend etc, it's very hard to suddenly not have that.

However, her mom found out &amp; My girlfriend M was about to stand up to her, however I didn't want that. Reason we didn't step up to her is because she is a 'profesiional' horserider &amp; her mom threatend to sell some horses if she choise me.

So i left,  and looking for revenche, a lot of stuff happend, she tried forgetting me, had multiple boyfriends all relationships ended very short tho, she did have sex only 2 weeks after i left, with a friend of mine (who she started dating inmediatly after me)  (she claims she was drunk &amp; didn't want it). Anyway, she came back.

She is the absolute center of my universe - my inspiration and love. She feels the same. Both of us have shared the most amazing, magical journey through the past 2.5 years together and we became so close - best friends even. She told me things that only I know about her. And I told her intimate secrets too.

Her mom doesn't want us to be togheter no more, because she says I manipulate her, however. She is not happy at her moms, nor is her brother, they don't like her, but are to scared to leave and go live with their dad, the brother because he is to young but he claims he will when his 18, M (girlfriend) claims she will when she's able to take the horses with her.

She doesn't want to lose me, but ever since she came back i've been feeling depressed again, I just don't want secret relationships anymore, she is and will always be the love of my life &amp; leaving her for the second time hurts so much.

I'm not even sure why i write this, or what the point is, I'm just looking for someone who was forced to break up, came back togheter, idk.

I don't think i'll ever get over my feelings for her, she's my world &amp; i'm hers. I stepped in her dream, i wanted to be the best groom ever, specially for her, despite my fear for horses at the start of our relationship.

I think she shoudl finally step up to her mom, cause she claims she wants to aswell, she litterly said "one day, i'll crash down &amp; flame it all  out", multiple people have told her this, but she's way to scared to do this &amp; at the same time, i don't want her to lose her horses because of me;

So i left again, i've been feeling like even more shit now.
I tried talking to her mom, but she threatend to sue me for stalking, i don't know what to do, we wan't to be togheter but it seems impossible.

We've been togheter for so long, noticed each other change due to puberty, yet stayed togheter trough tick and thin, we've always fought for eachtoher, always been to stubborn to give up, but i've run out of answers.

Someone please help, cause i don't want to do stupid things, but i'm fed up with life, i've had so much pain already.

I tried killing myself before i met her once, when i met her everything got better, i found happyness. She broke me when she dated my friend. But I kept fighting, because i knew one day she'd come back.

Now she did &amp; I had to leave her again for the same reason, I fear the only message i can send to her mom, is actually killing myself &amp; hope she feels so much guilt... 

Note: she's always been a really jealous type, some friends claim she'lll never be able to live without me, because i litterly did everything for her, but it wasn't 2sided. they claim she just can't see me moving on without her &amp; that she's toying with me, but I'm really sure she truly loves me.

If it makes differnce, both her &amp; her mom have bipolair syndrome...