Brother is crying rn and feels suicidal. Wtf should I tell him!?My brother has a facial condition where his face isn't aligned. His nose is crooked, his mouth is crooked, and his hairline is crooked. He has gotten rejected and cheated on his entire life by girls (really cunts) who possibly thought that he was unattractive because of his condition. He is ALWAYS insecure, and he hates going out alone. I'm hearing him talk, and he says that he's scared that he'll be single the rest of his life (he's only 26 though). 











It breaks my heart to pieces to see him suffer this way, not to mention suffer this way throughout MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!! I'm 21, and I've seen him suffer like this for as long as I can remember!!! Not to mention, he has had surgeries and they failed. So now he is hopeless and he says that he's lonely and that life doesn't matter. Can you imagine how heartbreaking it is for a young woman to see her fucking BROTHER say all this!!?? 








What the FUCK should I tell him!? I don't wanna be ignorant, and say shit like "I know how you feel" or "There are people out there who have it worse". And because neither I nor my parents nor 99% of the motherfucking WORLD POPULATION has a facial condition like his, I don't have a fucking clue what to tell him!!! I feel like I'm a failure because I don't know what to do or say to make him feel better. I am TIRED of seeing him beaten up almost every. single. fucking. day. Please, what should I tell my brother to keep him from possibly killing himself and feeling hopeless??!! 










I should probably add that he is getting surgeries for his face. Like I mentioned, he has already had 2 surgeries, and they didn't go very well. If it helps, my brother was born in 1993, so the medical field wasn't near as advanced as it is today. That's probably why he couldn't get operated on as a baby. But the past is the past. What didn't happen in the mid-90s didn't happen. But seriously, what the hell do I tell my brother!? My mom is with him trying to cheer him up rn, but she is just ending up saying the ignorant stuff that I put earlier in this post. I don't know if anyone else can help me, since 99% of 7 billion people in the world don't have his condition. But I'm gonna ask anyway, because he could possibly kill himself behind me and my parent's backs any time soon. Sorry to get so dramatic, but this is fucking real life. PLEASE, what in the world do I tell my brother!!??