I'm a fucking failure of an adultSo, I don't "actively" want to kill myself right now, but I wouldn't mind if a fucking Uber drive me over, he would made me a favor, I would give him 5 stars tbh. But prepare for this ride my friends: 
I was that kid that was supposed to be a brilliant adult, I was even voted most likely to be president in middle school, so that shit was legit. But bam!, everything changed when the fire nation attacked, and by fire nation, I mean chronic depression and anxiety, the lucky combo of misery bitch!  I  was 18 when I was diagnosed, and I went through college after that, trying really hard not to fail my classes (I failed 4 lol), but also, not to kill myself (I tried it once lolx2). Of course during college,  I did nothing college like, socially speaking. 

Fast forward to the present, I'm 23, and I have not a single friend (I mean this, is not an exaggeration, like, my only "friends" are my siblings). I quit social media like 4 months ago, and I hoped people would noticed it, but nope, no one. I really could've kill myself without no one, but my family, giving two fucks. 

I graduated exactly a year ago, and let me tell you, if you think that college is hard or whatever, and when you get out,  things will be better, guess what? Think again, I was naive when I thought I would be living my best life now. Life is horrible at any stage. This is a fucked up video game, and I'm an idiot who doesn't even get the plot. 

Now I have no money (my parents are paying my rent), no job (I'm looking for jobs like crazy and no one calls back, no one answers my emails, why are recruiters so mean??? I know you opened the fucking email application Barbara, my anxiety made me put a tracker on it!) I think I'm going crazy, everyone around me has a job, and I'm just here crying because I chose a useless major, and I found out I didn't like it on my senior year.

And when I think this couldn't get any worse, I realize I've been 23 years in this world without ever being in love. I have never kissed anyone, I have no boyfriend or prospects (I'm a straight girl btw), and I'm the horniest virgen I know.  People at my age are doing interesting things, living life, having fun. The most interesting thing I've ever done was survived my suicide attempt, that's it.

So, no money, no love, no friends, no happiness, and of course, I gained like 20 pounds cuz' fuck it, I'm a failure. And I wrote a fucking Bible that no one is gonna read... 

