I'm pretty much doneI'm writing this on my smartphone, might be the last thing ever.
This is very hard for me to write, so please look past any spelling errors. All the dates might not be 100% accurate

I'm a 18 year old guy living in Germany who is suicidal because of past and current events. I don't think my life is worth living anymore. 
Since I can think I wanted to become a professional football player. I started playing football 14 years ago. I just love football and I would always play or watch it whenever I could. I had several problems with my knee thanks to the excessive amount of work I put into my training. 3 years ago I went to the Doc because of an unusual amount of pain in my knee. Doc tells me I got cartilage damage. And I should slow down with football a bit or else I'd need surgeries which would lead to me quitting football forever. Around 1 and a half years ago I went to the Doc again to check for (yet again) an unusual amount of pain in my whole lower body parts (knees, hips, feet). Turns out that even though I visited the doc constantly he didn't think of checking my hips for damage. Not only are they misplaced but also some muscles are not properly developed (I dont know how I could play football like that). He told me I wont be able to play football ever again since it would just make my knee pain and hip pain worse. I'm no longer playing football, had to turn down an offer of a big local club in my city just because of that. Girlfriend of 2 years left me soon after I told her about it, I was completely done. 3 months later I went to Berlin with some friends to forget about all the stuff. Once I got home I got a message saying that one of my best girl friends (I had a relationship with her) got hit by a car and is in coma. I didn't know how to react at first but I eventually calmed down and kept visiting her until she passed away 1 month later (13.03.2014). I was done. I thought about suicide alot but I stayed strong for the sake of my friends and family. I stayed strong until this day. Today my father came into my room crying, I cant stand seeing my father cry so I almost started to cry too because I knew if hes crying, there is a reason to. He told me how he was a bad father and how my mom was about to divorce him if he didn't change. Hes had a hard childhood too, his mother was abusive, his father left him and when he was 23, his mother died. He said that my mother is meeting another man and how they'll divorce soon. As soon as I heard that I was done. I got on my bike and drove to some shady spot. If I'm strong enough I'll survive this night. I'm posting this to this sub-reddit because I think atleast someone needs to know what'll happen to me. I don't have the balls to tell my friends. 

I love all of you, please stay safe. Have a good night where ever you are.  