I think it's time to say goodbye.You ever feel like the universe wants you to give up?  I went to the top rated posts of this subreddit and I saw posts saying "you are beautiful!  You have a lot to offer the world! Find someone to talk to!" That shit is so not helpful to someone who really wants to kill themselves.  You think I haven't tried to tell myself that?  Everyone I try to talk to changes the subject or wants to know what is so terrible about my life that I'd want to end it. Nothing! That's the thing! There is nothing wrong!  I am intelligent, conventionally attractive, have a wonderful relationship, a phenomenal family, a great job, on track to get my masters, and all in all I could have a very successful life. I don't care! That life could go to anyone. What do I care if it's a waste? The only person missing out on it is me. And I don't care! 

It makes no sense. I wish my brain would work normally and appreciate what I have. I posted yesterday and I decided I was pathetic.  I'm going to try and talk to someone. No one cares. No one understands. I have no time or money to find a counselor even if there were anyone taking clients.  I feel like I'm screaming that I want to die!! And no one is answering. There is no one. I have called the suicide hotline. They say you have a lot to live for. Things will get better. They haven't gotten better in almost a decade. "You don't have the life experience to know you will make it out of this." Oh my god! I'm 24 years old. That's fine. I'm young. But almost half of my life has been taken over by thoughts of killing myself. Every day. Every day! It's so exhausting!

Go talk to someone? Do you really think anyone wants to hear about the girl with the "perfect life" who wants to die? No. They don't.  I'll tell you that right now. I know how my brain works. I know this is my chemical makeup for the rest of my life. Even if I try to fool it with medication.  Medication doesn't work because I know it's a facade. Underneath that medication is a fucked up brain that will never be better on its own. It's pathetic. I'm pathetic. I can't find a counselor so this is my sounding board. I just want help.  That shouldn't be so hard.