Can't believe it's come down to this. Miserable, lonely, socially anxious and suicidal.The only reason I'm not doing anything drastic is because I know how much it would destroy the people around me if I did. I've felt miserable  for about 3-4 months now, and have had negative thoughts and feelings even longer than that (although they didn't bother me a lot), and especially these last 2-3 weeks, I've hit new lows. Last Friday, I realised this is serious when I went out drinking, and on the way home I realised I couldn't find anything about life that made it worth living. It was so frightening, and after another episode last night, thoughts of suicide keep rising and I'm coming closer to doing it, I fear. I don't know what to think anymore. 

I hate social situations with unfamiliar people, particularly girls, and I've never had a girlfriend. I had a thing with a girl that lasted a month back in March/April, but I'm pretty certain she used me, and it made me feel miserable knowing that she'd had multiple relationships and sexual partners before me when I'd had nothing. How was I supposed to compare to that? How was I supposed to be with her and not feel envy or inadequacy? No one has ever been interested in me other than her leading me on, and it hurts that my 13 year old sister has had more people interested in her than me. And I turn 20 very soon. I have a female friend who has had three relationships in the space of six months, complains about being hit on at work and whatnot and doesn't even consider what I go through. It's like oxygen to normal people, being socially capable and having relations, it's so foreign to me. Does no one value sex anymore? Very few people will ever get to know what it's like to be lonely because of social fear. I failed in secondary school, I failed in Sixth Form and I'm failing in University. No one has ever wanted to be with me, and I'm not allowed to complain about it without people judging me. Don't tell me I'm still young, and that being 19/20 is fine, it's not, statistically I'm in quite a minority and it's not normal at my age to be so sexless and devoid of relationships. And there are people older than me still virgins, so I feel like I've undermined them now. Sorry. Sex is everywhere, I can't go a day in my life without hearing about people's relationships and stuff on Facebook and Reddit, I may as well be asexual. It's torture. I can't have sexual desires when I'm dead I suppose.

I'm sick and tired of reading all the advice, "just be confident!", "man up pussy!", "go talk to her dude!", "just do it without thinking about it", shut the fuck up, I have psyched myself up so many times to try and break out of this but I've been unable. Positive thinking, exercise, all of it, it's all bullshit, and I think if you're like me and so stunted it will never happen. It's mental masturbation and being told to improve myself just tells me that I'm not good enough to be worth anyone's time, so I have to change. The neural pathway in my brain to approach and flirt with girls doesn't exist and never will. It's like telling a blind person to see. It's impossible to do for me. No one will ever want me, and I don't want to hear the whole "love yourself" platitude because it's bullshit. Even when I loved myself before all this no one liked me for who I was. Loving yourself sounds like unhealthy narcissism. I'm sick of being at University, watching everyone sleep around with one another like it's something everyone does but me, and I am craving intimacy so much it actually hurts. And it's all down to me, because I know I can't summon up the courage to get what I want. Even if I do start out, I'll never catch up with everyone else, it's extremely unlikely that a girl will see me the way she sees her exes and whatnot. 

I'm broke because I'm being forced to pay ridiculous amounts of money at my age for rent, and I'm too socially anxious to get a job and earn money. I'm sick of feeling so inferior to everyone else and I want all this pain to stop. I've always felt different to everyone else, and it's not because of my free will, it's because of my faulty mechanism in my brain, because I can't stop being anxious and miserable by my own will. It's automatic, and my brain sabotages me. I want someone to be understanding of my situation despite my rage and sadness. It's getting to the point where fantasising about suicide is becoming a daily thing for me and where I'm becoming more ambivalent towards dying. I've arranged an appointment with my doctor, but until then I'm going to be driven mad with my own thoughts. I will try and hold on to life for some unknown reason, something is making me hesitate, but I can't pinpoint what it is.

This is the third time I've tried to post here. First time I deleted the post after a few hours, second time I gave up midway through. I'm committing myself this time. Please help me. God I can just see myself nervously avoiding the responses like always.