I can't take the pain anymore.The majority of my life has been pain and suffering. There have been brief spots of happiness only for it to come crashing down even harder than the last time. I've lost my children, I've lost the love of my life. My family will be fine to move on. My friends will be fine to move on. I've been turning it over for about a year now, thinking about how I want to do it. I think I've settled on what I want to do, I'm only waiting til the weekend because I don't want to screw over my coworkers by being out. I don't have guns unfortunately, but I think I can get creative. I have a lot of pills, a lot of alcohol, and easy access to some very active train tracks. I could try to slit my wrists but I don't think I could do that. I've cut myself my whole life and I would stop myself from doing what needed to be done to ensure my death. I just can't cut that deep or consistently. 

I had started clearing out the house, throwing my things away, but I don't have the energy for even that now. I'm just ready to go. I decided tonight that it will be okay if I leave some things unfinished. Me cleaning the house and throwing my things out isn't going to make it any easier for the people I'm leaving behind. It's only stalling the inevitable. 

I'm just so sorry because I know everyone is going to be so angry with me. My cat won't understand. I know everyone who loves me is going to be hurt and confused and livid that I did this. I'm not blind to the reality of what suicide does to people. I just can't take the suffering anymore. I hate that I can't even remove myself from this earth without causing more pain and suffering to others but it will still be less than what we'll face if I stick around. 

I just wish things could have been different. I wish I could hold my son in my arms. I wish I had never felt the pain of having children and then losing them. Everything changed after that. I went deep down into the hole and I never came back out. 

I will be with my babies soon. I will see the family that left before me and eventually the rest of those I love will join me, as everything rots and turns to ash as the years turn by. It's only a matter of time.