Getting this out of my chestI don't post this for sympathy. Mostly cause this thoughts haunt me and I need them out of my head. I'm a 28 year old immigrant in the United states. I am undocumented, and I've been for a while now. I was supposed to go back to my country 3 years ago, I didn't because my life is in danger back at home, I was sent away to america because some people were trying to hurt me back in the day. I never applied for political asylum due to my parents disagreeing everytime we had the conversation. I passed every chance I had to marry someone for papers, i have always believed in love. And call me silly but i wanted to have only one marriage. Yet I always traded love for lust whenever I could. 


I had a stable job, being the assistant of a local businessman. Sadly, he passed away on September first, I stopped having a job on Sept 13th. And since then my life has taken a dark turn, back at home, I'm a dentist! I graduated in one of the top schools in my country and I'm fluid in 4 languages. Here in america, I am nothing. I've been working factory jobs since. Cause it's the only thing I could find in order to make money to pay bills. And to think I went to school for so long, to end up working here. Where people who didnt finish high school get to yell at me.


I think, I'm living my personal hell. And the worst part of it. Is that it won't end unless I get married(which won't happen soon).

I have come to hate my life. I never had suicidal thoughts before until now and I dont know what to do. I cry most nights because I want this to stop but I dont want to hurt anyone around me.

I've already tried to take a handful of pills, but got scared and called my parents, they have helped me. And makes me feel even worse cause they will feel guilty when I finally do it

In the last few months I've had a little bit of everything, from my ex telling me shes gonna kill my dog when I'm not home, to one of my mates saying I dont go out cause I might get deported to another group of friends. 

I don't want to hurt anyone. But I am very tired.

