I bought a gun and had an epiphanyOn mobile blah blah blah.

I’ve wanted to end my life for the longest time. But it was never as bad as it is now. My career dreams have failed and I’ve moved back in with my parents. All of my older brothers are insanely successful and I’m a complete fuck up. In so many ways I thought I was going to be the most successful but once I needed to exercise any self discipline, I dropped out of college and drifted from shitty marketing job to shitty marketing job. I eventually switched careers and got into an amazing training program for public radio. But it’s all fallen apart and I’m back in my parents basement with no job or prospects for the foreseeable future and I literally hate myself more than anyone on the planet.

The weird part is that I know I’m loved. Like my family loves me, my girlfriend loves me, and my friends love me. But I gone don’t give a flying fuck about any of that. Literally none of that has ever translated into satisfaction with my life. I wish my parents would have stopped at four sons every day of my life. There is no way I can continue living like this. 

A couple months ago I finally worked up the courage and bought a gun. And immediately after I bought it, I felt the strongest sense of relief I’ve felt in a long time. Like I could finally make out the green exit sign in a smoky room. 

I’ve been hesitant to finally go through with it though mainly because of my girlfriend and my parents. In fact I’ve been pretty resentful of my loved ones for the obligation I fee to persist. But I just had the strongest epiphany ever and I’m feeling much much better: Everybody. Is. Going. To. Be. Alright.

My mom is a licensed counselor, so is one of my brothers and another is a psychologist. My cousin killed himself and it fucked up my aunt for awhile but honestly, she is doing pretty well now. My family is close and every one of them have a strong support system so I know that my death will really suck but they will weather the storm. In a year or two, they will adjust to the new normal and be totally fine.

My girlfriend has the closest friend group I’ve ever come across in my entire life. Her family is well acquainted with dealing with mental issues. And I know she’ll be better off because I have seen my negative self talk and stuff start to rub off on her. My unbridled depression has been pressing down on her and her confidence and self esteem has taken a hit. I have no doubt this is for the best. She will one day find someone who will help her be the best version of herself.

But even if it wasn’t. It’s my fucking life and this is my decision. I never asked to be born and it’s my right to take it back. I don’t owe it to anybody to continue to exist. 

After an upcoming trip, I’m gonna my favorite hill and put the gun in my mouth and finally exit this shitty existence and I’m so excited. The dread of living each day as me will finally be over.