It's been the worst day ever.I've been thinking about doing it for a year. Had a few bad attempts, but now I think I'm perfectly set-up for it. It's been really shit all alone, without anybody to talk with, I've tried making friends, but they would disappear soon in max a week and I'm tired of this bullshit, all I asked for is somebody I could talk with, but that was too much to ask for, at this point I'm just a useless piece of shit, I don't really want to keep living like this, I just wanted a family who actually cared, not a father who just disappeared 10years ago and thinks I can look at him as one, and a mother who keeps telling me how I never do anything, always just doing nothing even when I do shit then it's wrong and it's kind of shit not going to lie to y'all, it sucks when whatever you do it's never good enough snd it'll never be good enough because you aren't meant to be, it fucking hurts that I'm here doing everything and fuckers just say how I'm not good enough. Hopefully I don't wake up ever because I'm telling y'all that this is the worst thing that could've happened ever. Sadly I'm still here, I can't find joy anymore, it doesn't exist anymore inside me, I can't even fake smile like I used to. I've fucked up and you can say that suicide is for the easy and life is hard bullshit, but I don't really care at this point. By the time you're reading this long ass text I'm not alive so don't waste your time here, go save somebody else, If you can.
I really hate that nobody would ever ask me if I'm fine, not like it really matters because after I say the usual I'm fine or I'm okay then nobody asks back if that's really true. I'm not sure why I'm typing so much of random shit, I guess that's how a last message should be.
I'm sad that I couldn't save anybody, I don't actually care that nobody can save me, because nobody tried ever to do so. I'll just bleed out in the cold, looking at the trees or something lol. Thanks to everyone who ever said hello, or wasted his time talking to me, maybe if you said hi more then I wouldn't be here right now, but people do mistake, I'm one of those mistakes, I shouldn't be here, I wish I didn't fuck up back in the days but now I'm onto it for real. Shoutouts to like nobody really, because nobody cared enough that I wouldn't be here now. Fuck my family especially my parents for always making me feel bad about myself, fuck my brother for always hitting me so hard that I wish I wasn't alive. Nobody to thank really except the people who make music that made me survive for quite a few months, sadly I won't be here for the next Billie song in November but I hope you'll enjoy it. I always liked writing long texts even though I'm not any good at it and sadly I never had time really for this. Why the fuck am I even trying? I should just finish this up real quick then do my things before I don't have the chances.

-That guy that you wouldn't talk to ever.