I don't know what to do anymore.A few months ago I was procrastinating death, I knew exactly what to take to die and roughly how long it would be before I died, and then how long it would take for someone to discover me.

I kept thinking, well is there anything I want to do before it ends? So that I can end on a relatively good note. I replayed my favourite games, read my favourite books and listened to my favourite songs. I went out with friends, starting being more active in both my education and social life. 

Now, this has for some strange reason only made me feel more empty. I hang out with my friends, thinking that it's gonna make me happy for a moment but it doesn't. I keep having thoughts along the lines of, *the second I leave they'll have more fun* and of course the very relatable *no one wants me here*. I have always been a very social person on the outside, you know the loud obnoxious friend that bystanders notice. 

Most people don't seem to think that I can even be sad, and when I break down, (which I've done on numerous occasions the past four years) people awkwardly ignore me since they don't know how to engage with me. Which is fair. I have had friends in the past with serious self-harming behaviours, and its been really scary not knowing how to interact with them. I realise now that it's not really the self-harm that made it so difficult, it's the fact that no one knows how to deal and process these sad emotions. 

At this stage I'm just afraid that if I keep going, it will just keep getting worse. Remember, I want to end on a relatively good note. 

I have been having pretty bad sleeping problems for awhile, and I can't even get help for my sleeping issues, how can I expect medical professionals to care about my suicidal thoughts? They couldn't even possibly imagine that I suffer from sleep paralysis. They saw that I was young and thought I was just over exaggerating. 

I still live with my parents, which I am extremely ashamed of, and tonight my mom asked me where I see myself in ten years and I told her the truth. That I can't picture it. Then she asked me to tell her something I longed to have in the future. She started stating things like, I bet you want a partner or an expensive car. As she gave examples I realised that I didn't want anything like that, I don't want a partner, I don't want a car, I don't want anything. Whenever I buy things nowadays it's because it's necessary, like food or books for school. The thought of having a partner makes me feel sick, kind of how I feel when I think about trying to get help I suppose. 

I just don't get how people do it, you know? How they can keep going. I'm just so exhausted.