real account, no shame, i'm in a fucking crisis.Ok, yeah. that's a lie. I am full of nothing but shame, and tons of it.  I am fucking looney. It used to be where I had a dark cloud following me around everywhere, making everything dull and grey, and now? It's worse. I actively feel panic as I have felt for the past week. I feel like someone is trying to suffocate me, and its TERRIFYING. I have been diagnosed with PTSD in the past (Rape! hey!) but in all honesty, that has been a while. Now, I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me. Can one of you guess at it? I feel like such a bad, horrible person. A disappointment. A failure. i am IMPULSIVE AS FUCK, and I swing back and forth between guilt and impulsivity, and I can't even fucking make a rational decision about simple things like choosing what to eat, or what i want to wear... I love something and within 10 minutes i despise it. Thing is, LOGICALLY i mean, people like me, i am graduating with a bachelors in a few days, whatever. I'm kind of cute by some peoples standards and i can be talkative... but in my brain? I just want to die because I fucking hate myself. I really do. Even the former solace of the idea of running away doesn't make me feel good, and i USED to put suicide on a pedestal, as my "if all else fails" magic key, but now? it really truly feels like i am goddamn in pain and it's not like a magic doorway anymore-- there is no fucking hope of relief, its just.. its like, the only thing left to do. If the black cloud was sad, this is just horrifying torture. Yeah, blah blah blah, it's selfish. I know. or it's grade school, i've heard that so much "if you're gonna do it, do it!" well.... what would i be depriving people in my life of? some sort of "light" i don't have? some sort of meaning? I am meaningless, and anyone with half a fucking brain wouldn't put stock into me being anything but a disappointment. noone gives a fuck that I'm intelligent, and i really don't either at this point. NOONE CARES. AT ALL.

I have stressed my poor boyfriend out and he, at this point, is like "yeah. I'm tired of this." i am going to hermit myself somewhere far away, REGARDLESS of what happens, so he doesn't have to be constantly disappointed by me anymore. I have a kid, and I am 100% certain that there's some beautiful loving woman out there who could be a loads better mother than me. someone HAPPY who can SMILE. I don't have ANY money, nor insurance, so its not like i can just waltz into a doctors office and get 'fixed'. I don't even have a way to get state assistance (i fall into a "you don't get it" zone somehow). I can't turn to my parents because they're whack jobs themselves... 

I really just don't fucking know what to do anymore. it goes beyond "the world would be a better place without me here". its more like, euthanasia. I cannot stop the panicking. I cannot stop the fear and the crying and the puking and on top of that the horrible gray cloud covering everything. I really am at a loss :( i don't have much hope at all. i see no future for myself, i really don't have any hopes or dreams or anything. i frankly don't care. I'd rather just disappear. 