Tired of trying. Feel like giving up and dying.I'm 23 years old and I don't see any reason or justification for living for the sole purpose to live. Since I was young I was very competitive, always trying to strive to be the best at everything I did. This lead me to isolation and not having many friends but I think this is mainly due to the fact that I was at a small school. When I was 16, I always felt that I was different. I never really fit into societies norms. I've never been the person who likes to act superficial and disingenuous and trying to act superior than others. I've always had a kind, modest and honest heart but this characteristic doesn't lead to anything. Not even a girlfriend or friends. I've tried so hard to fit in and to make friends but it only ends up with I being by myself. Another thing is i've also had a mental health issue which lasted for 7 years which has made life very difficult for me. Recently I've recovered from it but now I'm back, society has changed the people I know are more developed than me, succeeding with their goals and that also applies to the people I've met and talked to. This is great for them and I wish them all the best but I feel like i've wasted my life and have a huge hill to climb. Even though I'm trying to be the man I'm born to be the hill it feels so high that it has become more than overwhelming. I'm tired of talking to people to try and make friends with them. I'm tired of trying to have an identity in this world. I'm tried of living a lonely life. I'm tired of this life I've wasted. I'm tired of trying. I'm tired of starting again at an age where I'm suppose to have settled down. I'm tired of loosing. I'm tired of being kind and  a nice person but I don't know how to be mean. I'm tired of it all. I'm thinking of ending it all. There is 6billion people in the world. Hundreds of people die every day, I think life begins after death. This life is only a test and I think I have lived a good life, lonely yes but I've given it my all and I'm always back to square 1 and I'm not getting anywhere. It's worn me out. I'm not scared of death. 