I just need a little help.I am 20, and a sophomore in college. I feel like my life is so wrong and that there is nothing going on for me. I really do not know how to make things better. People that do not know me very well say that I am a great person and one of the nicest, friendliest people that I know. People that do know me pretty well say that I am a nice person as well. People always say that I am attractive, but girls are never interested in me. I am never the popular one or the one that is particularly good at anything. I am not lying, I have a ton of personality flaws, but I feel like the overall response is that I am an okay person.

Except with the people that know me closest. My own mother does not want me to go home this summer, as we always argue and have a rough time. My "best friend" told me about a month ago that I am nothing but negativity to his life and that he wants me out of it and would not talk to me for weeks. I never get invited to anything by people, and I don't even think I have gotten a text from anyone in months that I have not instigated. 

I try so hard to be good for everyone, but I feel so worthless. I have been cutting myself for a little over a year now, and I do not really think that that helps. Whenever I drink, it feels good to be drunk, but then when I come down it hits hard. At night when I am going to bed, all I can think about is how I have nobody. I try really hard not to but it is all that is there.

I honestly think that suicide is the answer. I don't want to do it to send a message to anyone, and I am sure that it would affect a lot of people on a superficial level and that is why I have not done it. But at this point I feel like it is just a matter of time before it happens. I am happy so few and far in between all the sadness and I just want it to stop. I don't know how to not feel like a burden on the world. I do not offer anybody anything positive that they can't get from someone else, and I just want out. Please help.