Is it really suicide?When I’ve lost my sense of self, is it even accurate anymore to call it ‘suicide’? When there is no *me* left to kill. I’m already gone. I’ve been gone. For longer than it feels fair to have been. 

If this were any other disease... Any other disease would have the decency to destroy my body on its own. But Depression is going to make me do it’s dirty work for it. And no one else understands. Not now. Not afterwards. If it were any other disease it would eventually get to a point where they’d acknowledge that there was nothing more that could be done. That death was inevitable and I didn’t have to fight anymore. And everyone could try to start accepting it and make it an easier transition all around. 

But not Depression. Instead there are platitudes that suicide is “a permanent solution to a temporary problem.” So how long? How long does it have to last before it’s no longer temporary? Because it hurts and I’m so tired of not having anything. Oh, I know I have a lot to live for. Except it doesn’t help. It doesn’t fill the aching void that has rotted away all that I ever was. My love for life. My hope. And I love so much about life but I can’t *feel* any of that anymore. And it is literally killing me. It’s just a matter of time... So how much time? How long am I expected to keep going through the motions without a purpose? 

And for all of the “erase the stigma” rhetoric... I’ll still just be another person who had so much to live for but killed herself. Who didn’t fight quite hard enough. No one ever says the cancer patient who’d battled their disease for years never fought quite hard enough. Yeah, sure, I’ve had periods of remission. But this relapse now is years ongoing. And I hate myself for feeling this way. Like I have a choice. As if haven’t been trying. As if we haven’t been tweaking meds. Which help for a time, but never all the way, before also plateauing. 

And I schnuggled my “babies” tonight so closely... They believe so much in me. Think I’m enough just by being here. My eldest is seven. He’s so sweet and sensitive. A little smart Alec side to him, but he’s my cuddler. But even our crazy three-year old... Last year when I was in the hospital for two weeks it was so hard on them. My husband too. And I go back and forth. I know I’m hardly doing anything just being around. But when I was discharged my husband said just having me here meant so much to all of them. And I do believe him. But just being here like this is so hard for me. And it’s not getting better. And I schnuggled my babies and hate myself for thinking about leaving them. Obviously forever is harder than two weeks. (My husband’s mother died from cancer when he was seven. So I’d be putting our kids through losing their mom, and him all over over again in a way. But yet no one ever blamed her for dying, whereas they would me.) Are they enough reason for me to stay? I hate feeling empty to begin with. I hate myself for Depression winning. I hate it gradually forcing my hand. I hate that there’s an illusion of me still having a choice. It’s no different than any other disease attacking my body, but people are going to look at it as if I made a choice. Are they enough for my to stay? I hate myself for even asking that. They’re absolutely worth everything to me. But is that what remains of my life? To be here just for someone else? I want to actually *be* here though. I want to live rather than merely exist. And if it’s only existing, I can’t do that. And I’m sorry everyone. But that hurts too much. 

I hate that they may have gotten a predisposition for Depression from me. It was the cancer gene we were worried about. But now I’m more worried about this stealing their joy. They’re such happy kids and I hate that I can’t feel that with them. They deserve a Mummy who’s present when she’s around. But kids who lose a parent to suicide are at greater risk for suicide themselves. Especially if it happens before they’re 18. So can I wait 15 more years? When trying just one more day at a time gets harder and harder? 

No decision yet. Well, about when or where or how. I’m fairly certain though this will be how I die. I just... I feel that, even if I don’t know more right now. And I know when it happens Depression will have already killed enough of me that it won’t actually be ‘suicide’.