haunting memory on a bad dayI'm having a bad day, suicidal thoughts are singing a siren song, and I would like to vent some of my distress, if that's ok. Hm. Just to get it out of the way I was diagnosed today with a very difficult to treat condition that might slowly debilitate me, eating away at my flesh, scarring my skin, for years and years, making a smelly puss gushing creature of me. There are surgeries dealing with the symptoms that might help, or might not. There's a 70 percent chance I will get away with just some scars. So, I'm having a bad day. But strangely enough that's not what on my mind. That news just sort of softened me up for something else to surface, it seems.

What's on my mind today is the past, a dream I once had, the dream of being a father. When I was young there was a woman that came into my life, cruel, selfish, seductive, who placed her hooks into me, used me, played me, kept me captive in a construct of lies and guilt and shame and hate and sex. On better days than this I look back at that time and am proud of myself, proud that I made it out alive where my predecessors had killed themselves. I allow myself pride in that. The only reason I managed to tear myself away from her was that I wanted a child of my own more than I wanted to not hurt her.  Looking back that dream was my lifeline by which I pulled myself out of a psychological black hole of need. Life went on, and I witnessed from afar how her world burned with one disaster after the next. Her cat had cancer, her son had fallen to drugs, her body was failing her, she was dying, or maybe not, and nobody in the world was there for her. I held on to my dream, I did not give into the overwhelming pity I had for her, or my guilt for leaving.

A year and a half passed. I met someone else, someone wonderful, someone who just by being kind to me would open my eyes to what an abusive relationship my past one had been, but not yet, and from time to time when I heard from my ex I still gave comfort, or cried for her sake, for the injustice she had to endure at the hands of a cruel universe, all alone now. She did not deserve this, I thought. She called me one night. In tears, telling me how she only wanted the best for me, and when I left, she didn't want to hold me back, she said. This is why she kept secret that she had been pregnant with my child, conceived the last time we had made love, but for my freedom's sake she had let me go. It was wrong of her, and she is coming forward now, asking for forgiveness for her selflessness. She had kept secret that she bore me a daughter. She told me her name. It was a beautiful name, burned into my heart now, and finding out I had a child, it was the happiest moment of my life. Like a lightning strike I was filled with love for this child, unconditionally. No matter what, I would take care of her :(

A lie. She didn't have a child, she hadn't been pregnant, she didn't keep it a secret because she only wanted the best for me, she was one crazy fucking bitch, but I didn't know it then. I believed her. When my joy at this news was at its peak she told me the child had died. And I believed her. And it was the worst moment of my life, one that finally broke me.

8 years I had endured with her, resigned to a malignant misery, abuse and manipulation, but I made it, I made it out alive where her previous husbands took their own life. I SURVIVED!! I did not survive this.

People can come close to a breaking point, but I don't think many people actually end up breaking. To be unmade like that. I'm not the same person today as I was then. I grieved. I wrote letters to a daughter I never knew and left abandoned, unable to let go of the pain because the pain was the only thing I had of her that I could hold on to. Love and loss, burned into my soul, by events that never actually occurred. And when I finally found out... yes, I had fallen, and it changed me as events larger than ourselves tend to do, but I did manage to get back onto my feet. Seeing a parent play with their child on the street may have caused in me waves of heartbreak, but I wasn't in despair... I learned how to see the beauty in pain, and how loss is just a reflection of love,... all of what had happened had been real to me, and now I had to make sense that the entire experience was based on a lie. I felt like someone hacked my brain. I still had feelings for the figments of someone elses imagination, and I could not undo that, and I could not undo what profound change that experience had wrought onto me. I was never going to have a child again, because now I knew, I KNEW down into my bones that having a child was not worth the risk of losing one. My dream was gone. Is gone. Maybe I'm grieving the loss of a dream today.

A memory of events. Dealt with long ago, haunting me today, on a bad day. I'll probably be back to my disgustingly optimistic self by tomorrow. This was just one event, a peak event. I survived a lot, I have plenty of scars already, psychological and physical, and I deal with them and keep moving forward. "It's not about how hard you can hit, but about how hard you can get hit and keeping moving forward, that's how winning is done", right? Today, I'm on my knees, and the thought of giving up seems so fucking comforting. Enough is enough. Today I will allow myself to be defeated. Just today.

If anyone read to this point, thank you for listening. It felt good to get that out of my system.