A short storyStory actually turned out to be pretty long, so I don't really expect anyone to read it.

So here's a TLDR: My birthday is in less than a week. I'll be turning 30. I have nothing to show for it and I'm completely alone. I'm done :)

Longer version:

I grew up in a very poor home in an Eastern European country. I was physically and psychologically abused by both my parents until mid-teens. I had a lot of trouble connecting with people and developed depression and social anxiety around 11. When I was 12 and my depression got really bad, I told my mom I was thinking about suicide and she opened the balcony door of our 7th floor apartment and told me to jump. Since then, I often wished I listened to her.

My mother brought me and my sister to US when I was 14. I had zero friends in school. I was too shy and awkward to make friends with even the most shy and awkward people in middle and high school. The culture and language differences played their part as well. I went to college in my senior year of high school through a special program for advanced students. My anxiety issues (combined with newly acquired IBS) forced me to drop out of college after one quarter and, by extension, to drop out of high school as well.

For the next 5 years (between the ages of 18 and 23) I lived with my parents and only interacted with other people through World of Warcraft. And even then, I barely talked to anyone. I just liked the feeling of community, but didn't really have anyone who wanted to talk to me about memes, music, and so on. I got my G.E.D. and driver's license, and worked for a couple of months as a freelance web designer, but that's the entirety of my accomplishments during this time. So when normal people were in college enjoying being immersed in a thriving community of young adults, learning about themselves, traveling, living through their first serious relationships, I sat at home and did *nothing*.

When I was 23, my mother attempted suicide. I had the misfortune of interrupting it. Afterwards I said fuck it and decided to try to get a job. I lucked out big time and got an entry level position at an extremely well known and successful video game company. For the next four years (until I was 27), I continued to live with my parents while working at this company. I was okay at the job itself and received a raise and a bonus every year (I was making $100k my last year there after starting at $38k), but I still had zero friends, never left the house except for work, still could not interact with people normally and eventually developed panic disorder, which caused me to go on a medical leave.

During this leave I had a major existential crisis. I could choose to quit work and hole up at my parents' again OR I could make a pact with the devil and start taking a very addictive, very strong anti-anxiety drug that made me very slightly loopy and disrupted sleep, BUT also made it so I could pretend to be a much more normal human being. I could talk to people, go out by myself, and my panic attacks, which used to happen every day for absolutely no reason, completely stopped. It also only masked the symptoms of anxiety and did nothing to change my thinking or compensate for ~10 years of isolation on top of ~17 years of abuse.

But I said fuck it. I was dying to experience one thing in particular - having a girlfriend. So I started taking the anti-anxiety medication daily and forced myself to start dating people online. I returned to work and tried to date people for about 6 months to absolutely no avail. One girl flat out said she thought I had Asperger's based on my behavior around her. The rest didn't say anything, but it was clear they were uncomfortable. I had no friends, no life experience. I didn't know how to act in the majority of every day situations. I didn't know how to relax or have a good time. I was unhappy and it showed. And yet I was 27 years old and was expected to act like it.

After fruitlessly dating online for half a year, I got lucky again. A girl a couple years younger than me was contracting at my company. A co-worker tried hitting on her (he hits on everyone) and discovered that she actually was into me, for some bizarre reason. He introduced us and made damn sure I ended up with her. So I did.

What followed was the best two and a half years of my life. This doesn't mean I was happy 24/7, but I was generally far happier than I have ever been at any other point in my pathetic life. We spent every day together, moved in together after only a couple months of dating, got to know each others' extended family, traveled, etc. I have another post on this throwaway that explains the situation with my now ex-girlfriend in more detail. Suffice to say that my depression and anxiety were too much to cope with for her. She had little feelings for me for the last year or so, fell in love with another person, and left me for them.

When she was leaving, she went over a number of things that caused issues in our relationship. It mostly came down to me not being able to cope with depression and anxiety in a productive manner and, as a result, being an unreliable, clingy, co-dependent partner with no friends, hobbies, or passions. All the things I thought would cause issues. They were all confirmed.

My social isolation continued when I was with her. She was my one and only friend. I lost my job due to depression and insomnia half a year before she broke up with me. I went to a coding bootcamp, did fairly well, but even with my relatively awesome resume I've been unable to find a job or, hell, even get a *phone* interview in the three months since graduating. I graduated in November, she left in December.

So I've been without a job for almost a year now. I lost my girlfriend and by extension my best and only friend. I can't really talk to my parents because of past history. All I have is a sister, who I barely have anything in common with and who struggles with her own mental health issues, and enough money saved up to live comfortably for about a year. In the two months following the breakup I've tried my hardest to connect with new people and reconnect with old acquaintances. Nobody wants to be friends with me. I always end up being the pursuer and feeling like a nuisance until I finally get the point and stop bothering that person. I tried online dating again with zero results. I'm a decent looking guy, I managed to strike up a conversation with a number of attractive women, but they don't want to meet with me. Two said they did, but canceled the dates at the last second. I even tried streaming video games hoping to attract someone... anyone at all to just not be alone anymore. Nobody gives a shit about my stream.

So today I deleted all my dating profiles. I'm also not planning on trying to reach out to any more people. I've interacted with a couple dozen over the last few weeks. I think that's more than enough to establish the notion that nobody wants anything to do with me. I deleted my meetup account, because I could never and will never be able to force myself to actually go to a meetup. I was thinking of removing friends from all social media and gaming accounts, but a) I've done that before without anyone noticing or caring, and b) it doesn't make any difference anyway, since nobody ever messages me first.

Also, since I didn't mention it earlier, - I have a therapist. I've been seeing that therapist and many others for the last decade. I tried all major classes of anxiety and depression drugs. What I'm on now is the only shit that works. I've tried exercising, eating better, drinking more water, alternative approaches, etc etc. The main cause of my issues is my current complete social isolation built on top of issues caused by my previous periods of complete social isolation.

This week I'm going to give our cat back to my ex. I'll probably write and officiate a will as well, leaving most of my remaining money and possessions (worth around $150k) to my ex, who truly is a wonderful person. On my birthday next Saturday I'm going to finally take the step that I was dreading for so many years.

It's just that I used to live hoping against hope that I'd experience certain things at some point. I was curious about travel, having a job, a girlfriend, sex. Now I feel like I've done what I set out to do, especially when I started taking that anti-anxiety drug. Yes, it was all overdue, awkward, and not all that great, but at least I did it. I've lived through the best years of my life and it's all downhill from here. Sure, I could experience some of these things again with another person. Maybe it would even go better. However, it took me 27 years to find my first girlfriend and with the way things are going now, well, I'm not planning on finding any friends, let alone a girlfriend, for *years*.

Now, some might say that I'm only 30 and even if it takes a couple years, I'll be in my mid 30s, which isn't so bad! But I'm tired. I'm tired of sticking out due to lack of experience. Tired of not knowing how to interact with people or act in common situations. Tired of not having friends or hobbies. Tired of not having a family to speak of. I'm just tired. Even if I knew for a fact (which is an idiotic assumption, by the way) that a year from now I would meet a wonderful, beautiful woman, far more compatible and awesome than my ex, that I would have a decent job and good friends, I would still kill myself, because I simply cannot tolerate my current condition that long. More importantly, that scenario cannot possibly happen. I have 30 years of experience to rely upon and can easily predict how the next year, or five, or ten will go. Everything is pointing to me staying as isolated as I am now, not being able to find or keep a job, running out of savings within a year or two, and being forced to make another decision - kill myself or move back in with parents again, wither away, and die alone some years or decades later. I'd rather go out on my own terms.

I've had a fairly decent last couple years and I'd rather not subject myself to what I know will be a very unpleasant, very familiar future.