just waiting for a good timehello i post on this subreddit quite frequently and i came to the realization that i AM going to eventually succumb to suicidal ideation. there is little emotion behind this decision. i have been experiencing a profound negative thought pattern. this happens often, but it feels different this time. i don't feel sad. just empty. i don't make an effort to study or eat or speak. i've gone periods of time without eating or fulfilling academic/professional responsibilities, but i've never gotten to a point that makes me feel like speaking is a chore. i don't really speak anymore, and this elucidates how horrible i feel. i don't feel emotional, i just feel... bad. there's no other way to describe this. i feel bad and physically incapable of speaking and here i am.
alongside this, i have been provided clarity. from a technical standpoint (all i have to offer), i don't enjoy living because it is a chore. it is incredibly painful, and suffering is difficult to deal with. there is no logical reason as to why i should continue living. i used to keep myself from committing suicide by reminding myself that my family and friends would be hurt, but i know that they'll get over it eventually. furthermore, the trauma that i've experienced has gotten to be too much. i have been abused physically, mentally, sexually, i was abandoned by my mother at the age of 8, my grandfather (the only person who i felt truly loved me) died of cancer a few years ago, my estranged father got murdered in march (leaving me incredibly confused), i got broken up with less than two months into a relationship (which helped me realize that i am not going to have any luck with relationships because of my issues), and now, i received news that one of my paternal aunts has been diagnosed with cancer. i think about all of these things all of the time. i don't like being awake because these things weigh me down. i don't like being asleep because i have nightmares about the aforementioned traumas. everything that i have experienced has ruined me, and it would take far too much work to try and get better. 
i'm not necessarily sad anymore. i just feel apathetic. i feel emotionless. nobody knows that i feel this way because i hide it well. my roommates don't know that i engage in self harm, my family doesn't know, my ex never knew. i can smile and laugh and engage in a conversation, but i feel nothing. i feel like a mindless entity. it's been this way for a very long time. 
the bottom line is i know that i don't have to be in pain, and so i am preparing. i am planning everything carefully so that i do not fail or cause harm to bystanders. i am very glad that i no longer have to suffer. i feel relieved. i'm waiting for a good time, but i know it will take place soon.