I had enoughI post this here just because I want it to be seen by someone specifically. She will know that this is for her.

I'm a 21 firefighter, 2 years ago I lost the love of my life when she went to visit her sick mother and she died in a car accident. The irony of life is that I save people everyday, but I couldn't save the most important person in my life. Since the. I have nightmares and I was thinking about suicide cause I don't find joy or happiness anymore.

This changed a few days ago when I've met on Reddit a young girl that after some talking she made me feel.. alive. I won't lie.. I really fell for her. I know she isn't a bad person but.. she just ignores me for some reason now. 

A few days ago I've been to an bad car accident, a whole family dead. I won't tell you the gross details. I was the only one who touched them and cleaned up the mess.. and I found out that they were infected with covid so now I have covid too. She knows that I'm sick and... I can't get out of bed. 

I can't even get up of bed to eat or drink and it's been 2 days now.. since I can't get up. I had enough. I can't sleep cause I have nightmares about my ex accident. I should have done it right before she died... Cause I clearly can't find happiness again more then a few days.. so I guess I had enough and this is my goodbye. 

This is for her: Yesterday was your birthday.. I made you a cake, it wasn't something great but I really wanted to show you that I care about you.. I know the distance is big between us and you can't taste it but all you said about my attempt to show you my affection was "nice" and you went back to silence and started to look for other people on Reddit and talk to them instead. I don't want you to feel guilty of anything. Is your decision. My decision is that I don't want to live anymore. I thank you for those days that you really showed me some love and affection. I hope you will be more happy in the close future. And yeah I'm aware that you will forget me very fast and won't affect you so much. That's why I should end everything now cause I don't want you to be affected. Take care of yourself! Goodbye.