The Story of How I Almost Killed Myself...Okay, this is really long and I'm sorry about that, but to those of you considering suicide, please, please, *please* do me a favor and read this. It might not help at all, but it might make all the difference in the world. 

The **tl;dr** version: I tried to commit suicide (with pills), stopped myself after taking several. It ended up being the worst, darkest experience of my life. I haven't regretted stopping myself once since it happened. My life still isn't great, but I know now that suicide isn't the answer.

On to the story...

A bit of background on me: If you labeled me a loner, you wouldn't be wrong to do so. As a kid, I was quiet and everyone asked me why, which led me to believe that I was somehow broken because I wasn't as social as they were. My self-esteem was nearly non-existent as a teenager. Thought I was ugly. My "friends" only used me at their convenience. Struggled with my sexuality. Had a lot of guilt laid on me because of my religious environment. 

As I grew up, my social anxiety grew worse. I began to withdraw into my "cave" (bedroom) and isolated myself from friends and family alike. I had no job. I wasn't going to college. I rarely attended church. Being around people just made me uncomfortable and angry with myself (that I couldn't be more social and friendly). 

Then, a couple months ago, I started listening more and more to that rotten voice in my head that told me I was worthless, that said my life was meaningless, that I had no reason to live. It told me that everyone would be better off without me so why bother staying? No one really cared, right? They just pretend to. They love you because they have to. 

And I believed it. I slid down the hill faster and faster, nearing the bottomless pit of despair, planning my suicide for weeks. What was the best way? What method would be least painful? I didn't want to create a mess. I didn't want them to find my body in a horrific manner. I didn't want to mess it up and end up screwing my body up while having to live with it forever. 

The idea that appealed to me the most was sleeping pills. So I gathered as much as I could. I took them out several nights, laid them out before me (hundreds of pills), but never had the gall to do it. Then, one night, it was just too much. Life had reached the point where it meant nothing to me at all.

So I brought out those pills, laid them before me, and started downing them two or three at a time. I got to about twenty when I stopped and realized "What am I doing?" I panicked. I was seriously going to end my life? My last moments on earth would be spent alone, in my darkened cave, hopeless and lost and in miserable pain? No. I didn't want that. I couldn't go through with it. 

I tried to throw up the pills, but it wouldn't work. It didn't take long for the pills to hit me. I can't really remember what happened after they did. I ended up falling asleep. I vaguely remember horrifying snippets of that night, of waking up and flailing at demonic presences that were attacking me (or so it felt like to me). I woke in the morning and could barely walk. I stumbled to the bathroom and saw myself and I still remember how sinister I looked. My pupils were huge. My face looked evil. It was the worst feeling I've ever had. 

I went and told my parents what I'd tried to do the night before and they called an ambulance and got me to the hospital. I recovered quickly and my family did their best not to make too much of a fuss over it, and here I am. Still alive. And so glad for it. 

Life is still hard for me. I have some trials that I haven't shared because I'm not comfortable doing so, but just because I survived an attempt doesn't mean I suddenly find life peachy and brilliant. I still have days that I hate. I still loathe myself at times. But I'm still alive. I still get to laugh and to read good books and to listen to the rain. I still get to gorge on chocolate and pizza and sleep in and listen to all my favorite songs over and over again. 

I'm still struggling to find my purpose, but I have no doubt that I'll find it if I just keep looking. I believe that we're all miserable if we haven't found our purpose in life, that some of us feel more deeply than others, which results in depression and becoming suicidal. Please, don't surrender. Please just hold on a little longer. 