My mother didn't realize I was in the room when she was talking about me.So I was in the living room, blankets all over me so I guess that's why she didn't see me. But I didn't realize that at first as I was on my phone. My father called my mother and they were talking about some unnecessary things as always. Then they switched the topic to me and that's when it started.

My mother told my father that she absolutely can't stand me anymore. I behave like a 10 year old, asking her for hugs and not wanting to be alone in my room because I'm so lonely. 
I quickly realized that she didn't know I was in the room but I didn't say anything as I wanted to know what more she woul say. Big mistake.

She then went on to tell him that I always threaten her by saying that I don't want to live anymore. (I do this because I have noone else to tell this to and it kills me, ABSOLUTELY kills me when I can't talk to someone about this)
She tells him that she just wished I would kill myself so she wouldn't have to listen to my stupid ugly voice anymore.

(I have an unusually deep voice for being female and my ex-bestfriends always were shaming me for it)

She then started to cry and was really aggressively telling my father all the ways she wanted to see me dead. 

I should be hanging in my room from the ceiling.

I should be a mess of blood splattered on the ground after being driven over by a car or train.

I should be lying in my bed dead after having taken thousands of pills.

I'm going to spare you more details but she was very, very aggressively detailed about telling my father the ways in which I should die. 

My father, I guess, agreed to her or didn't try to stop her atleast. He hates me a lot. (He abused me for over 10 years)

At that point I felt the panic attack coming and didn't hear what else she was saying. She hung up soon after that.

I sat there for a couple of minutes, afraid what she would do to me when she found out, I heard her. I then quickly ran out of the room, up the stairs and smashed my door shut and put my chair infront of the door because I could already hear her screaming.

I'm absolutely terrified. I'm broken. I thought she was the only one I could trust and talk to (even though I knew she hated me from the way she always talked to me before) but now it's real. This is reality. This really just happened. Help me please. I want to kill myself so bad. I am suicidal again since 3 weeks and this week has been going ok, I thought I could finally go back to school again and forget about suicide but this just shattered me.

I had friends who abandoned me for being suicidal. And now my mother, the only person I could trust said this about me behind my back. I have noone. I want to die. Please help me. Please.