I Wonder If Anyone Else Feels This Way.Hey, it's me again, I know I posted here not too long ago, and I apologize for lurking here so much. .-.

I know I talked about suicide before. It feels like something I will wind up doing at some point in my life. I don't really see.. any other way I'm going to die. If it's by me, then great. I kinda don't really care. 

Lately I've been having this feeling that everyone around me... they just feel extremely fake somehow. Like they're *obligated* to acknowledge me. Like they could really do without my presence and all that. Ranges from "friends" to "family" and everyone in between. I don't even want to meet anyone anymore, ever.

I feel like I'll just wind up disappointing anyone I come in contact with. Or, if someone is so intrigued to try and get to know me past a thirty minute encounter or so, then they wind up sticking around as to not "offend or hurt" me.

I feel like no one is really truly there. While yes, they are there, but it isn't for me. It's for far more likable people that *aren't* me. I feel like my family is just there by word, just because they "have to" or "are family". And honestly, I've been physically assaulted by a member or two, and my father decided molesting me would be fun mere months after my wedding that *he* attended and walked me down the aisle. But yeah, "family" will always be there.

As for "friends"... none of them understand. They don't get me. They still flip around in awe when they find out I don't like something they do. Or when some kind of reference just flies over my head. The first few times, it's been a laugh or two, then I would go along and see what the misunderstood thing was. But now I don't care anymore and it sometimes feels like I'm less of a person because I don't like most things other people do. 

"OMG YOU NEVER GOT INTO ZELDA!!!??? FOR SHAME"
"OMG YOU WON'T PLAY THE NEW BATMAN GAMES!?!?! FOR SHAME."
"OMG YOU DIDN'T KEEP UP WITH THE CURRENT EVENTS? WHERE THE FUCK HAVE YOU BEEN?"

So on, so forth. I keep caring less and less and want less and less to do with people. 

I don't know what to do. I'm starting to feel more and more empty each day. Feeling like people aren't really there, probably aren't really real, and just keeping up appearances. I don't know. I can't really explain, but it isn't a very good feeling. 

I just want it all to stop.

I've nothing decent to offer anyone, so there really isn't any reason for me to stay around. I'm wasting mine and everyone else's time. I just wish I had the bravery to just get up and do it.