It's better that it finishes on my terms.I've been giving it a lot of thought and I think I'm going to kill myself tonight. I have no friends, no family and even no pets. I'm dying from cancer and just feel sick all the time now. My dreams of having another family and a house were never achieved. I never got to experience what it was like to be loved by a wife. All I know is negativity from my fellow human and since nature fucked me over with this defective body, then I'm ready to just end it now. 

If there is an afterlife and I meet my creator. I'm going to demand an apology. Years of being turned down for jobs that would have let me afford rent. Years of abuse from the opposite sex and decades of wondering what it would be like if my family were still alive. I spent 65% of my life severely depressed. Each day wondering what went wrong or why I was this way. No one ever to talk to. Meet a girl you're into well guess what. Open up too much and she'll give up on you and start fucking someone else you know. That always amazed me how a woman can tell you how much they care about you that evening and the next morning demand you get the hell out of their life. It also amazed me at how you could make a good friend online, on the other side of the country, and they would just vanish after a few months of talking.

I think the most reliable relationship I had was with my cat and he died of cancer too. I went into so much debt trying to save his life. He was all I had for 11 years. I'm kind of glad it worked out this way. At least I don't have to worry about where he'll end up. 

I really hated this life. It was like a sampler of what could of been but you were never allowed to sample anything for longer than a few days or maybe if you're lucky a few weeks. Everything that was what I wanted was unreliable. You could not count on anything good sticking around. Now I'm dying in debt alone. 

I guess it's fitting to end it this way. I don't know of anyone personally that could handle this if they had decided to stick around.  