I don't know why my mother won't kick my sorry ass to the curbTL;DR: I am useless and considering giving up on Myself. I am probably wasting your time anyway. So it's okay if you don't read this crap.

I don't work (irrational performance anxiety). Tried doing volunteer work to get my feet wet;  posted my resume on r/resume/ and basically told it was shit. Some people offered some good tips and provided services, but I cannot use it. I really don't know wtf I want to do because every career looks boring as hell. Nothing interests me anymore. So I cannot tailor my resume to a particular job. Second, I have no skills, no hobbies, no goals, no previous job experience. You might believe there's something I'm good at, and I'm sorry to disappoint but I'm pretty damn lackluster. I tried learning web development, offering to tutor people, volunteering like I mentioned earlier and its boring. I got a degree, but I couldn't tell you a thing about what i learned while i was a student. 


I Don't drive and have no drivers license. Not allowed to use the public transportation (I live in a city). Mother said it's too dangerous. I try to avoid interacting with people at all costs. At times I wouldn't eat because I was too nervous to call or place an order for food. I refuse to use the phone. I have no friends, and don't really want close relationships with people.


I don't take medication and I don't want to. I used holistic alternatives for the anxiety and its a hit or miss and my only side effect is drowsiness. I've never been diagnosed with anything (I've seen doctors, a psychologist, a tutor, a career counselor) and nobody knows wtf is wrong with me.


I don't want to be that 28-35 yr old person who is still unemployed living at home with mom. Or being poor for the remainder of my life (I'm almost 24). Every time someone suggests something to me, it always conflicts with what I'm comfortable with. If I won't make the effort to help myself as an adult, then I don't deserve to be here anymore. All I do is piss my mother off anyway. I have no money and She should not be helping me.


I'm going to another doctor to get more bloodwork done, and if my results come back normal for the third time, I'm saying fuck it.