Lost and alone from loss of boyfriendLike the title says I just feel so lost right now.  Last year my boyfriend of 7+ years was diagnosed with stage 4 melanoma.  On top of that, his parents have always hated me because I'm not the right race and they took the opportunity to force me out of his life by refusing to pay for any of his treatment if I continued living with him.  I was able to talk to him online and on the phone but it's not the same as being there and supporting somebody in that situation.  I always stayed positive while talking to him but with where the cancer had spread and how fast it had spread I really expected to lose him.  


Today, after not being able to reach him for the past few days I was able to find out from his sister that my boyfriend is not responsive to the world.  His cancer has progressed extremely aggressively and treatment is being stopped because it will only be postponing the inevitable and...keeping his body alive more than anything else.  

After finding this out I got home to see an early valentine's day gift from my boyfriend.  My emotions are all over the place and I don't know what to do. Right now I don't feel like I am in imminent danger of killing myself but with how fast my emotions are swinging from numbness to hysteria...I really don't know.  More than anything, I just feel alone.  I feel like I lost one of the most important people in my life and because his parents never approved of me for really base reasons....I don't have final moments with him.  I don't feel like I could have ever had enough time to show him just how much I loved him and was proud of him.  I messaged him every day, several times a day...with pictures and messages of love and hope....but I just don't know if he really knew how much he meant to me and how loved he was.  He expressed so much regret over the last few months that the last little bit of time he had left on earth was going to be spent without me and our cat by his side.  I don't want to think that his last conscious thoughts were like that.  

I'm only in my early 30s, I know there's no right time to lose the love of your life but I just feel so lost right now.  I feel like...I have my whole life ahead of me...but I have to spend it without him.   
