It's hard for me.I don't know what to do.

For the past 10 years of my life I have been going through a mental and emotional struggle with the events that have been happening in my life. This might be long so I apologize, but I really need to get everything off my chest otherwise I fear that I will end up doing the worse possible deed and take my life.

It all started when my parents got divorced when I was 12 years old. My father was a nice man when he was sober, but once he was drunk it was nothing but violence and chaos. He was very abusive especially towards my mother. So bad to the point that he ended up putting her life, and mine in constant danger when he was in his drunken states. This is what lead to the divorce.

Keep in mind I was only in the 7th grade when my parents got a divorce so it was hard for me. Especially when I was the one who was being blamed by the man who I looked up to as my hero (when he didn't drink) for the divorce. Once it was finalized I found myself seeing my father less and less over the years. He did stop drinking, which was good because when hes sober he was a nice guy. This caused me to fall into a deep depression. The man who I knew since I was a baby slowly began to want nothing to do with me and it hurt.

I acted out in school because of this. I would get into countless fights. I became hot headed and developed one of the worse tempers some people have ever seen. I hated the world and I hated who I was, at this stage in my life I genuinely believed the divorce was my fault. Eventually my mother remarried and while it was the best thing for her, it made my depression worse. To me it felt like she replaced my father and tried to bring another one into my life and I hated that. This caused me to lash out even more in my adolescence. 

Fast forward to the summer before I attended my first year of High School. I met a girl who was the polar opposite of me. She was calm and collected, she was quiet and through things through. She slowly began to teach my that my anger wasn't the answer, while this was true, it still didn't help the thought I had dwelling in the back of my head. Now through all of this up to this point in my life I had attended counseling and therapy because I would self harm and had attempted suicide before. 

So while I dated this girl (I don't want to give her real name away, so I will call her X) I slowly began to fall in love with her. We dated and were on and off, however we would always get back together days later. We dated from the time I was 14 to the time I was 18. Now fast forward to when I was 18 before I moved away for college. We had our final break up. The reason for the break up tore my apart inside, for 3 of the 4 years we dated she had been cheating on me. I only found out because she tried to cheat on me with my best friend at the time. Him being an amazing friend told me right away. This sent me spiraling back into my bad habits again, but now that I was an adult, fighting was out of the question. So self harming was at the time my only solution.

First my parents divorce, then my father slowly started fading out of my life, but was still somewhat there due to me putting in the effort to keep him in it, and now the girl I was in love with betrayed me. I fell even deeper into my depression. I would cut away at my arms, punch walls until I broke my knuckles, fingers, or hands. this went on for about half a year, then it was time for me to move to college.

My parents (Mother and Step Father) moved me down to my current residence. Now I didn't go to college right away, instead I had gotten a job and worked for a few months, hoping that if I was busy with work I would not want to harm myself. I was wrong, so then I took on school as well and while it did help keep me busy and my mind off the thought of hurting myself it did make my mental state worse. I was struggling to juggle a job and school, so I had to drop school and continued to work. This continued until I went back again at the age of 21.

Now that I am 22 I have been working and doing school. I have done nothing but avoid people. I hide my pain and my negative mind behind a false sense of optimism. I purposely act like I have energy and I be loud to hide these issue. While this might fool people it wasn't fooling me. Then before the new year started I found out news I never wanted to hear. My mother is ill and she has heart and body problems. The news she told me about her health was pushed aside because I couldn't accept the fact of losing my mom. So I pretended it was just a dream.

Then I lost my insurance that pays for my medication for my Muscular Dystrophy and Tourettes. While I do not need the Tourettes  medication because I smoke CBD and Marijuana, I need the MD medication. Thankfully I have some stock piled from throughout the years, but it can't last forever. Everything happening in this short period put me in a state of just, silence. I had nothing to say. I went a week or so without speaking to anyone. Now at this time there is a girl that I have liked for about 6 months that I work with (We will call her Y), but I haven't said anything about me liking her at this point. She was the first to notice something changed. So she spent that week trying to get me to talk about my feelings.

I keep people shut out for the sole purpose that I don't want to be hurt and abandoned again. That being said, I broke down in front of Y. I let her in and explained my situation to her and she was there to be a friend that I needed. Fast Forward to last month, February. I had tried to take my life again. One of my friends from work told Y that I was acting strange, and since I only open up to her they had her call me. I was in the process of getting everything together to do it. I had finished typing up my will and I was ready. I couldn't take it anymore.

That's when Y knocked on my door and took me out for a car ride. I broke down and told her how I felt and i explained to her why I was doing it. I was alone. Up to this point my father and I still kept in contact, then he disowned me completely. He refuses to speak to me and now only puts his attention towards his new wife and her children. Y tried to comfort me and that night after she dropped me off after staying up until 4 am to make sure I was okay I confessed how I felt to her. Now I already knew she didn't like me how I liked her and I was fine with that, at the time I didn't need a girlfriend, I just needed a friend. While my emotions stay the same, my mind is constantly battling with itself. 

I'm not happy. I feel alone. It isn't normal to think about suicide constantly on a daily basis. The only reason I haven't done it yet is because.. well I don't know. That's why I am here. In hopes that talking about it will change my mind for at least one more day. Tonight I had made arrangements for all my friends, including Y, to all be together and hang out, watch movies, play some video games. I planned on taking my life when I got home. Now I don't know. I'm not afraid of dying, the thought of what happens after doesn't scare me.

I don't know.. I just feel like Y is only putting up with me because I tried taking my life that night. I feel like she just doesn't want the thought of someone she knows dying. I feel like people don't actually like me and they are just being nice because they don't want to be rude. All of my emotions are bottling up and I don't know what to do.

I just want to cry, I want to cry until I have nothing left. My life feels like it is in shambles. I don't want to lose my mom. I don't want to lose my dad. I don't want to lose Y. 

I don't know what to do.