I didn't think I would be here on r/suicidewatch but I thought I might helpI didn't think I would ever be writting here. I don't really know where to start. This might get long. Ok well a little bit about me. I am a 21 year old ok looking Christian male in college. I am a really good guy (I think). I am the kind of guy that takes an hour and a half train to visit friends left and right. I go out of my way to hang out and keep friends company. Because of my upbringing, I am excepting of everyone I meet. I never judge you and will like you for who you are. I give up my time for my friends all the time. I think I sound like a good guy but I'm not sure.
I have had two girlfriends in the past and I have treated them well. I am always respectful of them. I never curse, never make dirty jokes or comments, and always give up what I am doing for them. Neither of them lived near me but close enough to take an hour and a half train ride (there and back) to go see them almost every other day. I have never been complemented by them other then I am a nice guy. I have never been called good looking.
Ok sorry for the long intro.

I have been really down lately. At first I didn't know why. I have friends, a family that loves me, I am in good standing at my college, I am in good health. Everything should be great. Well a few years ago I randomly took a personality test (I don't remember why) and the result I got was this, "You are the kind of person everyone will like, but nobody will love." I still remember that. I have been looking at my life lately and I have noticed a few things. That result is right. I am the guy everyone ikes but nobody loves. I give all my time for my friends and do so much for them, but I have never gotten anything back.  I have even helped many of them with problems and have been there as a shoulder to cry on. They have all told what a good friend I am and how much of a blessing it is to be their friend. Often times I catch myself in my room with nothing going on and when I go to see what my friends are doing I see that they got together to do some fun event or went out for no reason. I feel like I don't really have any real friends. Whenever we hang out they they seem like they really enjoy my company most of the time. But if that is so then why am I always left out?
I have treated my 2 girlfriends with nothing but love and respect. I have worked my life to fit theirs. I have been for them on their sad days, their worst days, and their best days. And yet I have never gotten a so much as "Hey you should come visit" or "I like the way you look". I have always been the one to initiate a visit and given the complements. I have always been a little low esteem about how I look and never thought I looked handsome. I was never sure if they liked how I looked. I ended up leaving them because both of them wanted to go to places I couldn't follow. I guess they didn't really see a future with me. Although, both girls have said I was everything they wanted in a guy but was that really true?
After looking through my past I feel like I am not a good guy like they all say. Sometimes I feel like I am selfish. I don't know why. But lately I have been thinking. I give so much of my life to people that I never get anything in return. I have never asked for something in return mind you. It's just that, isn't that what is supposed to happen when you give your life to others and not yourself? I feel so down. So tired. It has gotten worse this past week. I can't focus on school. I can't keep up a smile when I am with people.  Am also kind new to trying to find God. I know most of reddit are atheists and don't care about God but I know that there are some good people here and that they wouldn't let the God part affect them.
Recently I have thought it over and I don't know if I want to be here anymore. Really I just don't want to be me. Many thoughts about ending it all has crept up on me. I don't think I could ever kill myself, but I just don't want to be someone who means nothing to anybody. I don't know if I explained it right or if I just look like some guy who thinks he deserves better, but what I do know is that the pain is real and it is here.
Please. I don't really know who to talk to. I figured my best bet would be here. I'll be back one later. If anyone could just comfort me in anyway I would greatly appreciate it.

Edit: Sorry I meant "it might help" not "I might help" in the title.