My bf’s parents are making me wanna kill myselfMe and my bf love each other a lot. And we are young adults in college in a big city. But his mom is very selfish and controlling. My bf is very stressed about talking to them. And his mom faked nice to me but actually embarrassed me deliberately. Like his mom knew I was making food for my bf and forced my bf to eat whatever she makes. When anything goes against her will, she threatens my bf with tuition. My bf and me both got mental health issues from their pressure. Even after my bf talked to his dad, his dad cried first but still keeps putting pressure on him to the point he wanted to break up with me. He wanted to break up cuz he feels too sorry for me cuz he can’t do anything to make us happy. I understand his stress from his parents cuz I got stressed because of his parents too. But my bf actually doesn’t want to break up with me neither but just the stress that he can’t bear anymore just like me. And my bf must have went through more serious stress than me and tried his best already. For me, I feel I can’t break up with my bf, which I know I need to talk to my therapist about this. But I just feel I really wanna die and go to heaven and go to somewhere without pain. But I can’t and probably won’t do it because of my parents. I just don’t want to give up someone I love and he is the most important thing to me. I feel I’d rather die when I’m still his gf. And I just have been depressed for days and I can’t do homework and can’t go to class. My family is in another country. I can’t even eat. I’m so hopeless. This is so hard for me. I don’t know what to do and I know it’s a lot of pressure for my bf to talk to his dad(cuz his dad is the more normal one but his mom is crazy) and it’s too much pressure for me to break up too/bear the pressure from his parents. I don’t know what to do. My mom suggested my bf to talk to his dads friends and ask them to talk to his dad but my bf doesn’t know any. I know I’m talking without logic but I really don’t know anymore.