I can't ignore it anymoreI'm 18 and I've already completely fucked my life up. My entire childhood was horrible. I fucking hated secondary school and I have nightmares about it constantly. I just wish I could go back and change everything, or at least be able to remove the memories from my conscience. I've done nothing but fuck up my entire life. I drove away the only person I ever truly bonded with. He loved me until I put him off me with my neurotic personality. Every night I wish I could hold him again. I'm an embarrasment to my parents. They might not even think that themselves but I am. I'm fucking useless. I've never accomplished anything even when I've tried.

I got my A Level results back a few days ago and they were below mediocre. Two Cs and a D. I wasn't surprised though, I know I didn't revise anywhere near as much as I should have. 

Not that it even matters anyway, because they were in worthless subjects (History, Politics and Law). I chose those subjects because I took the stupid advice of my parents who said they had "transferable skills". What a load of fucking bollocks. They're probably lying to me to make me feel better about not being good enough. 

And before anyone asks "well, why didn't you take any STEM subjects?" - I wanted to. Unfortunately, that choice wasn't available to me because I didn't pass my GCSE in maths. And I think that's one of my greatest weaknesses, my dyscalculia. I was forced to resit it three times and didn't pass until I sat the foundation paper like some sort of fucking spastic. 

The only way to earn any real amount of money nowadays is through getting a STEM degree, and that's off the table because of my inability to do mental maths. And you know what? I've tried coding with Python before and I have no problem with it, but having difficulty with arithmetic is enough to shut the entire field from me in the professional sphere. 

I know I have a bleak future ahead of me. What is there that I could do? If all that's open to me is working behind a counter in McDonald's or stacking shelves at Tesco for the next half century then I'll walk in front of a fucking bus. Just the thought of having to live here for the rest of my life is enough to make me scream. I fucking hate this city, it's full of white trash and scummy chavs. 

At this point all I want to do is make my parents proud of me, and for them to not think that they poured 18 years of effort into a failure. But I know I won't. I'll never amount to anything and I know it. I'm useless and incompetent. I don't even deserve the life that I already have. I don't even know if there's anything I can do at this point to reverse the trajectory I'm on. I've only just become an adult and I've already ruined my life through my clumsiness and stupidity.