Been thinking of it a lot lately.It comes in bits and flashes. I picture myself dying before I realize what I've just thought up. Sometimes I go along with it and I make a mental checklist of all the things I'd have to do. What I would say specifically to the people I'd leave notes for. The note I'd make warning whoever might stumble in to find me, to warn them about what they're going to see and just to call the police or whoever the fuck. 

I don't think I can do it, but it gets more and more real every time the thought invades me. I can almost feel the relief of nothingness and that's what scares me. I'm so tired of being sad. I feel like I'm getting so weak and I'm tired of fighting. I work out regularly, I have a decent enough job, I stopped using drugs and have been clean for years, I have people that love and care for me. I go from being the happiest I've ever felt to feeling a cold needle press through my heart and my brain and suddenly I'm not smiling and all I have is hurt pressing the mute on all of the good things. All of the reasons to continue fighting - and make no mistake, it is a fight. 

I've wanted to kill myself since I was a teenager. I still have scars on my arms, but thankfully you have to look closer than most people get to see them. I'm scared of anyone knowing how scared I am or have been. It feels like my brain takes any ounce of good and twists it until it's sharp and it's found some flaw. I even know that it's doing that, but it changes and evolves. It's always looking for the weak point and I have to defend myself all the time. It hurts so fucking much. I can't even know what's real or just my head making some feeling or paranoia up. My anxiety is turning from sadness and just being a shell of a person, unable to react to stimuli, to angry and overly aggressive. 

I feel sick. The medication hospitalized me last time and I don't want to go back to that. That was somehow worse than this. I'm trying to carve a path forward, but I don't have hardly anything left. I'm so scared of telling people I feel this way, I don't want to go back to the hospital. I don't want them to mistrust me with my own life again. I don't want to die, but at the same time a part of me wants me to die so fucking badly. 

I'm sorry for anyone that can relate to this. I'm so sorry.