I'm not worthy of helpAt some point you understand life well enough to determine that nothing here is worth living for. You question everything. Students studying hard in school are smart, but when you question why you are even working so hard, reality hits you. Why even continue this? Nothing matters in the end.

I'm not religious at all but I would describe life as a place between heaven and hell. You get a mixture of both. Unfortunately the negative overrides the positive. You role a dice and if you're lucky you get a 6 and born into a great environment and time. 

I can't keep lying to myself like I've been told. I'm a loser because I never won. I'm a parasite and a burden because I bring nothing to the table. I'm ugly because I would never get that attention and I hate my body. I'm pathetic because I'm weak, useless, have no skill, no talent and I'm always seeking for validation from people. I'm stupid because life events told me so. I'm envious and jealous because I get upset looking at happy, good-looking people. I'm evil because my thoughts are evil and because I'm writing this for attention. I'm ignorant because I have opinions in topics I have no experience and no research in. I'm a coward because I'm afraid of too much normal people don't fear.

Sometimes I wonder: Why do I feel worthy of help? I don't even deserve basic humans rights. Every time people give me advice, I never follow through with them because I'm a coward. What kills any self-improvement is this:

1) I assemble all my problems and look at how many there are and how extreme they are 

2) I wonder where I should start

3) I get advice on reddit/youtube/google for something more simple that I can work on everyday, usually my social   
anxiety. My enemy here is my brain.

5) I get anxious overthinking it because I have no distractions. I makeup situations in my head and get scared.

6) I go back to the start and look at all my problems again

7) I look at all of my skills, talents and achievements. Basically what I have to work with (I have nothing)

8) I get anxious then I lose all hope and motivation

I live in my mind. I fantasize about the perfect life, I smile for a second and snap out of it and realize who I am. It's hard to live for 1 online friends and because I can't find the time, place and the strength to commit suicide. I tried once to strangle myself. I could feel my body vibrating intensely from my heart beats while I was crying.