Losing my mindMy life was shit from the moment I was conceived. I am the product of statutory rape. Growing up my mom was very immature and never grew up. I watched her die when I was 12. My dad used to abuse the shit out of me. Mom even had an evidence photo album of me covered in hand shaped bruises or with scars that I still have today.  He's changed now, but the damage is done. Not like I can go to him for help or anything anyways because he always just tells me I haven't lived life yet. I can understand why he says that though. Ever since I was in high school I have been a recluse. Many of my family members died when I was a kid. Then growing up I had friends die too. I've seen a dead body up close on multiple occasions. As a kid my only real friend was the internet. But even that is shitty now. YouTube sucks and is corporate with a shitty team running it. Team fortress 2 is full of robots running automatic cheats. All my old forum friends haven't been online in years. My last tail of happiness was in 2016, living with my grandmother, basically doing whatever I wanted. But then a family member of ours died and she moved to a different state. So I have since then just been in the dark in my room in my dad's house. It's understandable why he wants me to gtfo so much. I don't provide anything and use his electricity all day without pay by scrolling endlessly online. I've worked before, and I fucking hated it. I don't get how some people are okay with living solely to experience two very short days every weekend. They're the mentally ill ones. Recently I've started making online friends, but most of them wind up being lunatics. I have had one consistent online friend for two years. But he actually has real friends and often times is just hanging with them leaving me to be alone as usual. My dad is finally snapping and telling me to get the hell out of his house, and seeing as I have no reason to live, I just want to end it all. I've come so close before. I have a way to do it. But then I start to wonder what happens after death. Where will I go? Will I cease to be? And my brain can't process it, almost like it won't let me. I'm scared. But I am also constantly suffering. I am losing my mind. I don't know what to do.