It's a little long, sorry. I just needed someone to know the whole story.Before we get started I would like to apologize for any lack of coherence in this. I have many thoughts filling my head, no real sense of direction with this other than getting them out and hoping for the best.

I’m not sure if I should be posting this here or not as I don’t think I’m an immediate threat to myself, but at the same time I know I need to work through this, but don’t know how.  I can’t continue doing this, something needs to change, something needs to give and I just don’t want to let it get to the point where I would be a threat to myself.  I apologize if I should be posting this a different subreddit. 

Here’s some basic information about me just to get us going. I’m a single 27 year old male. I was molested by my older female cousins when I was five. I have gone to therapy before, but did not disclose this information to my therapist at the time and returning to therapy is currently not an option. I lost my mom to cancer and have since been largely disowned by my family after coming out as an atheist, which happened shortly after her funeral.  I am unemployed with roughly $27k worth of student loans to pay off.  Unfortunately I was unable to finish school due to lack of funding, so I don’t even have anything to show for my efforts aside from my debt. 

About the only thing I have going for myself is that I somehow managed to make some amazing friends.  They don’t really know everything that is going on, but they are kind enough to let me crash on their couch rent free. They know there is no way I could possibly pay rent, so they don’t even ask for any money at all. I offer to help pay for food, but they don’t allow it. Honestly I would be beyond fucked if not for them.  Being in this situation makes me feel like absolute shit though. I can’t help but feel that I’m taking advantage of them. I help clean up around the house, fix their computers  and basically do whatever I can, to help them out, but it doesn’t feel like enough. 

I see no real forward direction in my life that makes me question what I have to live for. I know I’m going to have a hard life ahead of me and that as I get older it will only get worse. I’m in constant pain due to injuries I sustained playing soccer in my youth and have already been told by doctors that I need joint replacement surgery.  Even if things were going well for me I don’t know that I would want to grow old and deal with my medical issues.

Knowing what I have to look forward to with my medical problems as I get older has also had the effect of taking away my motivation. I feel like I’m just going through the motions of trying to find work and trying to get my shit together, but really, I just don’t even care. I feel empty and like I’ve ran into a wall. I don’t know what I’m doing with my life, I don’t know where I’m going and I don’t have any direction or path in life. I feel like a waste of oxygen and that despite billions of years of evolutionary success leading up to me, I’m a complete failure and my genetic lineage should end with me, preferably sooner rather than later.

Thanks for taking the time to read this. You don’t have to worry about me doing anything drastic for the time being, I just hope to avoid letting it go that far. Sorry , if I somehow had a negative impact on your day by putting this out here for you to read. 

edit: wording

