Medication for my chronic illness may stop working?last year in the summer of 2017, i was diagnosed with a moderate/severe case of crohn's disease. for those who dont know, basically my immune system attacks its own digestive tract in certain areas (different for others) and this causes inflammation in it. for me and many others, its affecting my small and large intestine area. symptoms include defecating many many times a day (like 5-15 times a day for me), severe abdominal pain, decreased appetite, weight loss, and negative psychological effects indirectly caused by it. luckily, my insurance company was able to cover the costs for the first line of treatment for my case, which was basically a medication that i receive thru IV infusion every 4-8 weeks. not everyone reacts well to it, and if they do, your body may slowly develop a tolerance for this medication and itll stop working eventually. for me, its worked for about 8 months. 8 months of freedom. 8 months of living like a normal person. 8 months of not worrying about cramping from random foods or sudden urges to go to the bathroom. many times, i even forgot i had this disease because of how good i was on this medication. however, recently ive been experiencing pain in my abdominal area again, and it's worrying me. 4 days before my next infusion, which was today, i was experiencing extreme pain from around 1pm-4pm. that was strange because in the afternoon, night and during school, i felt completely fine (maybe hints of pain but nothing big). i though it would get better after i get my meds today again, but as of right now, im experiencing some kind of pain. idk if it was the 2 cups of coffee i drank in less than 3 hr time span giving me an average stomachache, or if my body is learning to fight off the medication, which would mean my crohns symptoms would reappear again. i know there are more options for treatment for me, but the fact that my medication is starting to possibly wear off is a sign that my condition is worsening. there is currently no cure for this disease. right now, im 16 yrs old, trying to live a normal life in the suburbs. theres no way i can deal with this disease anymore. i dont feel suicidal because of this, but its been a mental burden and im scared that im never gonna feel better ever again. if a cure ever becomes discovered for the public in the near future, i will never look back at these moments because these are the moments that make me realize that i have a chronic illness that is getting worse and worse everyday. 