Life feels like a bridge I have to cross but there’s missing planks.Everything is a fucking joke and life has fallen apart for me. 

I’d like to preface this with the fact that I’ve had... “thoughts” for years and have not been able to face a person and talk because I close up and pretend it doesn’t exist but I feel safe here. 

The beginning: I grew up in your typical poor “parents are on drugs and beat me for any reason” homes. I never realized that nobody’s else’s parents beat them until I was 12 at a friends and asked why his parents didn’t hit him for eating things in the cabinets he was told not to. 

Shortly after this my parents divorced and blamed finances and ultimately me for costing too much money to eat etc. the divorce went through the beatings continued. My grades got even worse, the friends more distant and so did my family. I was extensively bullied in school because I always smelled like shit because I was *still* a bedwetter, had the worst clothes and couldn’t make friends. Eventually around this time I find solace in an iPod I found that I loaded with stolen music. 

Fast forward a little and I’ve finally stopped pissing myself, boosting my self confidence some only to have that ripped away from me by some jackasses jumping me and stealing what little I did have at 15. No iPod and back to the same shoes that the soles were literally not there anymore. 

I got a job at our local amusement park, saved my money in my bank account only to find my father who was on my account (he had to be) stole all the money from me after almost a year of my work for drugs, again. 

We’ll fast forward past all the sappy heartbreak bullshit but still being picked on by kids in high school at this point. They drive shiny Porsches and Audi’s and I’ve got nothing, I get it. 

Finally I’m 18. Got my license, diploma, and was handed down a car and got the fuck away from my parents. 

Young, dumb and full of cum sums this next part well. “Love” some stupid bitch lose my virginity, follow her when she moved over 1000 miles away. Stupid cunt cheats and I leave her. The thoughts come back but this time much more intense and they’re still with me over a year later. 

This feels like not related to her but includes her. It feels like everything has re compacted itself on top of me again. I had an awesome job. Making tons of money but the more I had, the more I spent. Got a big boy job, big boy car, big boy phones my own place and things to put in that place. I was doing okay. I ended up losing my job when our agency closed and had nowhere to turn. I end up self medicating by drinking... constantly. I became my parents except with drinking instead of drugs. Eventually the money I had ran out and then some and I got even worse. I constantly wonder things like “what if I just don’t make this turn” or if I jump in front of that car or out this window if it’d be enough of if I’d fail that just like I have everything else. 

It’s hard to breathe. It’s hard to sleep. It’s hard to think about anything but just doing it. I don’t think I can distract myself anymore and I need help but I don’t know where to go. 

Tl:dr. Shitty parents, money is evil, the thoughts have always been here and I want help. 
