im kind of retardedim kind of contemplating suicide. like i know that that sounds retarded straight off the bat but genuinely i feel so fucking shit like i cant do anything to help myself. i cant even get myself to try. im gonna sounds even more retarded when i say that i do have friends and family. i think my friends do care about me but my family just seems so distant from me. i know i sound stupid and selfish as hell but i cant fucking help it. things have just built up one after another and i dont know how to help it or what to do. i really want to drop out of school because im failing everything and i cant bring myself to do any type of work and i just generally cant bring myself to do anything but mope around and complain to myself. i never actually talk to anyone about shit like this because ill sound so unbelievably retarded and dumb. the only person ive hinted at it to is my ex who's one of my closest friends but he lives all the way in finland while im here in the uk. 

sometimes i do really feel as if my family just doesnt care. i know im probably wrong and i know they probably do care about me but they dont show it to me at all yet they way they talk and act with my sisters, theyre pride and happiness and joy in them is all too obvious. i feel like im just fucking left out and i know i shouldnt compare myself to my sisters but its so hard when my parents brought me up saying shit like "you should act more like your elder sisters" or "look at your elder sisters, they wouldnt do something like this" and now i just cant help but feel so fucking inferior to them. theyre both so smart and so pretty and im retarded and im not smart or knowledgable in anything. im not even good at anything either. my sister had also attempted suicide at one point but my parents realised that they were being to hard on her and putting too much pressure on her so now theyre treating her like a princess which isnt a bad thing at all but in return they treat me a lot worse in comparison. theyve learned and grown as parents from that experience of almost losing one of their own daughters but theyre only applying that growth to her and not me or my other sister, though, with my other sister, she doesnt even live in my city anymore because of university so im stuck taking all of my parents shit while my sister, who still lives with me, gets treated exceptionally. hell, i even tried talking to my parents about it and neither of them give two fucking shits. i mean they might give a shit but i dont see it plus theres still too much of a fucking gap between me and my sister. i know that suicide is probably a bit far fetched when im not even in a bad situation but the thought of suicide is just so fucking tempting that i cant help but think about it every fucking day. 

with my friends, im somewhat convinced that they do care about me but i cant help but feel like im just bringing them down and i know that people go through rough spots with their friends all the time but i had a group of internet friends at one point, i ended up dating one of them for a week but he broke up with me because i deactivated my account for a day and he told me that i wouldnt communicate with him. then i left the group chat with my group of friends bc he was so obviously wanting me to leave so i did. i then asked someone from the chat if i could come back and my ex kept making himself out to be scared or tense when my fucking existence pops up. i didnt do anything to him except not talk to him for a fucking day and hes already making himself out to be a fucking victim when i didnt do jack shit. also this ex is a different one to the one who lives in finland. 

i know for a fact that i sound so fucking retarded because nothing particularly bad has occurred and i know im not being abused and i have a pretty okay life at best but suicide keeps clouding my mind and nothing is helping me with it. my family wont try to help and its not as if either side wants to talk about it. i dont want to talk to my friends about it either because ill feel bad for burdening them with it like i dont want them to feel as if im guilt tripping them as well. i fucking know that killing myself wont solve anything when i could easily solve it by talking it out to the problematics but for some reason or another, im stopping myself from doing it because everything is so peaceful right now and i dont want to fuck that up. 

in my situation, suicide is the dumbest thing and the least helpful thing i could possibly do, i know that but everytime a chance to do it arises i always just want to fucking take it but, as of now, my heart isnt completely set on suicide. its just a thing ive been contemplating for so long and i hate it. i hate being alive right now. if i dont do anything and if things just carry on maybe things will get better idk. ill probably ditch my internet group of friends bc i have lovely irl friends as well as my closest friend, who's online. i just really hope things dont escalate to the point of actually acting on my thoughts because, for now, suicide is just a recurring thought so i really do hope that things will get better.

also, for everyone else on this subreddit, i hope things get better for you as well. although you think things may not get better, theres always a chance that it will especially because you havent lived your entire life yet. you could meet someone or find something that you really love. so whatever's going on, i really do hope that things get better for you &lt;3