Posting Here - Only made things worse, tbhI've posted in here a few times with throwaway accounts only to have people here be just.... Idk, mean. People saying things like, "get over yourself" when I posted how I made an artwork (which I never said was a masterpiece) and that the time and effort felt pointless when the person I gave it to disregarded it. The point wasn't ask if my artwork was good or not, since art is completely subjective, but that the way the person acted when I gave it to them really hurt. Yet, someone here decided to tell me once I did post a link to the painting on here that it was awful and that I should get over it. I also mentioned that I wasn't suicidal simply from the rejection, but it was a long list of things that added up.  


And that's only one of the posts I've made. I've deleted all other ones as well as the one mentioned and I don't feel like bringing them up again, so don't ask.

&amp;#x200B;

My whole point here, I thought this subreddit was here for people who are feeling suicidal to come and vent/find support who understand what feeling this way feel like? Is it not? I wasn't here to have somebody tell me to get over myself and tell me I'm not allowed to be hurt over what happened. I didn't realize this place was for people to just invalidate people's feelings and experiences. Isn't it "if you don't have anything nice to say, then don't say anything at all"? Like, I get that people might not like my art, not everybody will, but to tell me to get over myself because the art was awful and therefore the person who got it's shitty reaction was justified is just... rude. It was a personalized thing with very specific tastes that means it was meant for only the person I gave it to. I mean, it's hurtful no matter how good or bad anyone's art is if the person you give it to as a present just throws it away, right? Mr. Art Critic on here seems to have not understood this.

&amp;#x200B;

So now not only do I feel more suicidal, I want to burn my painting, punch that inconsiderate user on here in the face, and disappear.