There is no other point in life than to endure pain. And honestly, I'm tired of it.I'm 21, been dealing with depression ever since I was 12. Tell me whatever you want, but I know it will never get drastically better. I just know I'll carry this feeling till the rest of my life, some people have a reason to continue but I don't.

I grew up in abusive family, father was a control freak and mother never gave shit about anything. I'm a rational being, I analyze everything and therefore I know past is irrelevant. Still, it marks you. I was the funniest, most popular kid before. Now I never make jokes, I usually just keep my mouth shut. Reminiscence of better times, times when there was still some hope. Day by day, running in circles.

I have friends, very good friends. Though I would never tell them I'm depressed, I don't want to be even weirder than I already am. I never have girlfriends simply because I don't believe other human could make me have fun, make me happy. And I'm poor as fuck, pasta makes 50% of my meals. 

I'm diagnosed with ADHD and just failed a year on college. I tried so hard and got fucked over on 2 final exams by just a few points, just my luck. I'd still like to be a professor once I'm done with college, but that wouldn't change much. I'm just too little in this big world, insignificant. College is hard, stressful and only makes me feel like shit.

Laziness. I don't want to go outside, outside has people. I don't feel like doing anything really, I don't have any interests anymore. 

You know why I know things will never get better? Because reality is an illusion. Your reality and my reality are very different, we see things in a very different way. Reality is a fingerprint, unique for everyone. Reality constantly changes, but it rarely goes out of it's box. You have a box, heart shaped box. I will always be a misanthrope, I'll always feel disgusted with society and I'll never get even with it. Racio, intelligence is a curse. 

Reasons to live? Well, my friends would be all fucked up. But then again, fuck you all, that's life. Life is pain, deal with it or fuckin kill yourself. I'd be just another obstacle in your pursuit of happiness, jump over me. I hope I'd find my happiness in a coffin. Hell, I'd be satisfied with nothingness. 

I imagine someone like me reading this and I'd want to tell him not to commit suicide, weird huh? Maybe there's hope for us, but if I could change I hope I never know. I can't live like this any longer and I'd gladly sacrifice a few years of happiness in exchange for a shortcut. 

Last wish...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l6vqPUM_FE