severe depression, anger, unable to "cope" anymore / lack of coping skills, looking to use prescribed psychiatric medication to eventually commit suicide or do crazy thingsi've sought mental health treatment since age 18, now i am almost 27, and progressively my mental health and well being has declined more and more. at first, i was just diagnosed with anxiety and depression at around age 18 or so which i knew that my problems were much more than just depression and anxiety, and around age 21 or so, i was diagnosed then with schizotypal personality disorder and major depression.

long story short, i've been basically surviving all these years, not "coping". whenever i tried putting myself out there and do "therapeutically" things, all this did to me was cause more trauma and anger, not relating to other people, and made me even more paralyzed up till now. from countless mental health groups in person for years, online forums, trying different antidepressants (ssri's), other medications, etc. despite all these mental health sources saying that those who put themselves out there and do all these things, and consistently have social interactions, etc, are more likely to be in better shape, etc, but for me, i wish i never did any of this, because all it did was cause more wounds and trauma, though at home, it's not much different with my brother who had abused me and traumitized me and then my narcissistic father who i have to regularly deal with. 

so much, that despite wanting to die everyday and w.e, and seeing that there may be medications ( psychiatric specifically ) that could possibly give me hope, the very thought of someone saying, medications are only part of the solution, yet, that's my issue. that's the only reason or hope i'd have is to force myself to take them in doing exactly the same to which i do with my compulsive coping mechanisms just so i can survive, only that, the psychiatric medications would be "correct", but i don't need to change what i do elsewhere, i am who i am...

one of the things that contributes to the extreme anger i have is despite all the effort i put and putting myself out there, doing things, etc, i'd never get anyone who could come through and was actually similar to me in terms of how they functioned, etc. 95 percent or more of the people i'd see in mental health groups either took medication and / or did not have a personality disorder. the only ones that did have a PD weren't people i related to, ( they were all borderline PD people and i am disgusted by them ). 

there are articles and sources saying how natural ways of coping and methods are better than medication and should be utilized when possible, however, my point of course here is that these are NOT AN OPTION! i don't have any of these natural coping mechanisms whatsoever, even when i'm doing them right in front of other people and them praising me for it, i don't feel one bit good doing them, but quite the opposite, it just makes me more unstable!!! so in other words, what i'm trying to say is this anger ongoing and what has been produced into me is well relative to psychosocial / upbringing, combined with brain chemistry abnormality / personality issue. 

the problem is, if  i do go onto medication, i know that circumstances, etc, factors will not change, however, one reason, i'd take the medication is because somehow it will give me a way to commit suicide easier, being that, either way, my personality and way of being, circumstances, etc, are out of my hand, but at least with medication, it might somehow give me some capacity to build up and eventually kill myself or not be scared to emote naturally to other people ( externalize myself irrationally to others, and either harm them physically or verbally insult them without worrying about being scared, instead of controlling myself for safety reasons, because i'd be safe with the medication, or at least i hope the medication would prevent me from becoming fully psychotic or end up in a mental hospital ). for example, i'd take it for a year without particular change in my life, more or less same circumstances, and even if they are different, i'd still have to be on the medication or else i'd just end up in the same doom, however, doing so will cause even greater side effects and withdrawal, so i'm bound to take the medication for the rest of my life forcefully....

i guess my point is that my issue is that no one will help with keeping me safe with the medication protocol, so i dont end up with deadly withdrawal. however, on the other end, as long as i'm ON the medication and it seem to be keep me going, then i can use it to my advantage and have special powers from it and do something crazy, which i wouldn't have the capacity to do without the medication. it give me a good reason to exist. sort of like injecting illegal drugs into yourself, only legal but to give you the same effect, make you crazy and go ruin other people's lives. SSRIs of course are not the answer as they severely make me ill and withdrawal effects certainly wouldn't allow me to commit suicide, so if i do take some kind of antidepressant, im not sure which one i could find that can numb me out while giving me extra capacity and superpowers so i can eventually commit suicide, but it can't cause serotonin syndrome for one.