Spiraling thoughts, lucid ones, planning in my headSince the past few weeks, l've had ups and downs, with increasing thoughts, some organized, some not.

In the past 4 years: bought a home, acquired 2 stepkids in the process, lost a job, got another one, seen my parents get iller and iller, turned to sports to numb my pain. Wanted to push myself and run a Hal marathon (as a 5'7" 270 pounds 40 years old man), trained hard, went to vacation with the family, where I was the outsider most of the time. Thank yous for petty stuff had to be pried.

Then my dad told me my mom repeatedly cheat on her, sometimes when she would look after me. He told that when I was 2, our suitcases were at the door but mom convinced him to stay.

After that, my department got cut from 26 to 6 ( I was one of the lucky ones), had a string of bosses as I was changed teams a few times. Ended up with the worst manager for me: screaming, cursing, email scolding and unattainable goals.

In the meantime , both my parents were taking turns at the hospital (free healthcare), my youngest aunt died and I had a breakdown during a meeting with my boss. Doc kept me out of work for 3.5 months with meds and sleeping pills. 

Was meeting with a psychologist but, she threw me a curve ball: she had to stop a few months after, for her maternity leave. Life sometimes finds the best way to slap you hard

Came back and worked three days before learning that my position had been cut during my medical leave.

2 weeks after, I was getting married to my Uni crush, after a few serious relationships on each side.

I spent the summer doing nothing. A luxury that few can have. Found a new job, with better pay and benefits, in an industry that doesn't rock my - or anybody else's world.

Just before Christmas, my godfather passed and my dad spent 4-5 weeks in the hospital from November to now.

Real kicker is here: for the better part of the last 3 years, my wife and I were engaged in assisted procreation. 

Good old-fashioned way extravaganza, inséminations and for the last 4 weeks up until now, in vitro fertilization.

Implantation was supposed to be this morning, but my wife had a call: the embryos had stopped developing. 

I will never be a dad...

Shock. Intense and sudden sadness. I had to stop at work before coming back home.

Had to tell myself not to cross the street without looking
Had to stay away from the overpass
Had to tell myself to always touch a station' s wall until the train was stopped
You get the drift.

And there are bursts of "I cannot take this anymore" "what if..." and other assorted black thoughts.

And there are also bursts of "me not being here would be best for anybody involved". 

So I think and rationalize and find rules and restrictions to make suicide so difficult that I won't do it. I'm thinking about methods (co2, pills) that aren't messy, who gets what, letters to friends and family, etc.

Nothing is set in stone, but I would make sure that my wife and stepkids are taken care of. That finding my body would not be a traumatize. Slapping a piece of paper in the entryway. "Honey, call 911, stay out of this room. They will know what to do"

With a letter to her, to the kids, my parents, my friends, to her future lover too.

If I get to emotional, I may do it in the spur of the moment.
If I think too much, I may plan everything and go along with it.

This or me leaving her are the only long term options I see. Stepson said he was happy that IVF didn't work. Adoption is a no-go because he will be vocal about not being supportive of the idea.

No adoption = me living a resentful, sad life.

That's where I am ATM.


