I'm so tired... I hate being hereIt's so hard trying to find reasons to keep going on.  
I have an amazing family. My mom is very understanding and helpful. She's like my sister. I laugh all time and I look happy all the time... I'm also an overthinker. I overthink everything and it's so hard figuring out everything. It's so stressful. Currently, I am trying to figure out my sexuality because I am going through puberty . I really hate posting here because I would think that people will think I'm like 8 years old... It's so hard living. I was depressed a few years ago and I was living just to get through the day and sleep. I looked forward to sleeping. Now I've improved and puberty hit me and it's very hard thinking so much... I get bullied a lot as kids usually do and I've had suicidal thoughts since I was really little I guess. I've been getting bullied for almost 4 years now. The kids are brutal. I sugar coat all the things I tell my mom about my school but she really doesn't even know the half of it. I will never tell my mom about my suicidal thoughts because it'll break her heart and she's already working so hard. I'm also a Christian and I want to kill myself but my family is already so stressed and I don't want to go to hell I guess. I want to be happy and I want to control my life (as in who/what I'm attracted to and what I feel). I hate this. I usually get like this on my period and currently I am on my period.... Yay. I want to die so much that I actually prayed to die (I was sick) from the coronavirus. I also tried to cut myself before but I couldn't do it (the knife wasnt that sharp and I was afraid I couldn't clean the blood fast enough). I really wish sometimes I would've died when I was born so I wouldn't be in this state I am. And even if I do slit my wrists (which I will probably never do because I don't like pain or too much blood), I will be extremely calm and finally happy I'm not gonna be in this world anymore... I am self conscious and I have low self esteem. I have the body of a 25 year old woman (I'm also not balanced if you know what I mean hopefully). I'm sure no one will reply to this. It's fine...