Every day my anxiety get worse, and it's slowly pushing me to my limits.I keep having these thoughts lately. It's it all revolves around one thing. People. I can't be around anyone, I'm barely able to handle being around my own mother.

My anxiety fills my head with undeniable (Lies) and feelings that's I don't want in my head. I'm not good enough, they hate me, I'm annoying, don't talk because you're going to say something stupid. I have this false sense of reality that never goes away and it haunts me constantly.

I've lost every single one of my friends because of it and it's my fault I lost them. I'm so petrified to see anyone, whether it's someone I've know for 3+ years or a complete stranger, I immediately start to think of how I'm going to avoid or get away from anyone who approaches me and starts conversation. I can't even hold a job because I get to "scared" for the lack of a better term to go. I end up just not showing up for 4 or 5 days in a row and getting fired. 

As the days grown shorter and my nights grow longer, I contemplate different ways to kill myself. Ways that'll make it so no one could find me, or ways to make it look like an accident. I don't want people to know that I killed myself. I don't want people to see me for who I really am. I want people to see me as the optimistic, loving, caring person they met, before my brain betrayed me.

I've thought about driving my car off a cliff, simple and painless, I've thought maybe just pissing off the right person and just having them slay me out. I've thought about hanging myself, and have even tried it but pussied out last second and cried in a corner for about an hour.

There's just only so much more loneliness I can take. Man wasn't meant to be alone, yet I am. And I probably will be until I get the courage to finally grant my darkest wish.

I just want to be normal, I want to be able to have a conversation with someone without just standing there like an idiot. I just want to rid myself of this loneliness but I have nothing and no one to guide me through this void..