Why do I have to wait to die?Whenever I talked to my friends when I was little I had a hard time admitting I made a mistake. As I grew older and moved away, I realized how much of a fucking dick head kid I was. Maybe my friends would've remembered me if I was a better friend. I would make everything about myself, fuck I still do that. It's probably why im posting here. All of my friends I gain I hide my thoughts and feelings from because I fucking hate all of these shitty feelings and thoughts. All I have accomplished is making very few friends. I have never really mattered to anybody besides my parents which seems like the only reason they do care about me is that we share the same blood. Im fucking stuck in grade 12 with no one with me. Everyone left to better lives. While im stuck living like me. This fucking waste of life. Eating away at everyone around me. I wish I could die and give someone else my body. Because im not fucking using it for any good. I just want friends that won't forget about me. Why is this so hard for me. Why does life fucking do this to me? Give me a life I didn't fucking need. I hate me. Why can't I die sooner? I've never been more mad about being healthy. I used to be scary underweight until medication got involved making me hungry all the fucking time. I liked it better then. When I was near death. This just fucking sucks. I hate wanting friends. I don't know anything about keeping them. For wanting love when I don't know how to give it. I just don't want to be here. My mom just cries whenever I try telling her my thoughts and my dad calls me ungrateful for what they have given me. I didn't ask to be alive today. I wish my parents could've had just a different kid. Im just fucking worthless. I just wanted to be happy. But I can't put any effort into fucking anything and all I do is think about myself. Why can't I be one of the kids that just want to help everybody? That has to be told to think about themselves. Every fucking day all I think about is how sad I am. The only friends I can keep is online. Because in real life im just fucking awful. I just want it to be over already. The only reason im alive today is because I have no ways to end it without pain. 