My family.Good morning.

When I woke up this morning, I had [this message](http://gyazo.com/72a2964d50f9760c3eee4cc8793e448a) in my inbox on an unpopular opinion I had in a subreddit.

I'm aware it isn't meant in the "kill yourself, no one will care!" kind of sense, but it really did make me think about all the people who really don't care about others. 

My family has never cared for me and are the ones who made me like I am. Only my grandmother did and she died 12 days after my 4th birthday. 

I never managed to meet my granddad as he died 2 years before I was born. 

My mom has never cared for me, or has cared very little. She will constantly lie to me about even the smallest shit. I'll always remember my 16th birthday when she promised me she'd get me something nice. And all I got was absolutely fuck all. Not one thing off anyone and ever since then I have not cared about any kind of birthday ever. Yes, I'm aware that's selfish but really seeing others happy makes me incredibly depressed. Yes, once again I'm probably selfish. I'm done caring about myself. Think what you want. 


Anyway, she has lied to me about a large varity of things, from lying about having no money to lying about going up and visiting my deceased grandmother's grave. 

She has never really cared for me about my depression or anxiety. 

"It's just a phase, get over it." "Stop overreacting" etc. that stuff

Even though I've been like this since I was a young kid. More info on that below. 

My Uncle, he has had a major influx in my life from a young age. 
My Uncle, he was a very liked and well respected man. He worked as a coach driver and was very popular amongst customers. He always dreamt of being a coach driver, ever since he was a young boy and he was living his dream.

However. I do not know how, but he met this girl, who persuaded him to smoke weed. Which I actually walked in on him and a few of his "new friends" smoking it around the table.

 

Obviously, to a 5 year old boy, I thought he was smoking some bad cigarettes (Bad as in smell wise) and my other Uncle was walking the dogs, as it was a nice day that day.

Fast forward a few weeks and my Uncle was sinking lower and lower. He started to smell really bad, he was starting to get violent over nothing and probably the worst of them all, he started to scam people.

 

Why? Because everytime I went over there, he would just be sitting around, smoking weed.

 

Why would my parents take me over there I hear you ask?

Well, the house they lived in belonged to my Nan and Granddad and my Uncles moved in once they had both passed, also the house was a 5 minute walk away from my house, plus I had some friends in that street.

 

Anyway, back to the story, this girl my Uncle was seeing was also convincing him to start scamming. Which he did.

Before he turned to drugs, my Uncle would often advertise about upcoming trips in his yard along with contact info.

So, he was advertising a trip to Alton Towers (UK Amusement Park) which wasn't happening and caught the attention of a charity.

 

The charity was for handicapped children, if I remember correcly they paid over 400 pounds and was waiting for this trip.

With this money, my Uncle used it to buy more weed. Along with other drugs this time as this girl wanted him to "try something new"

 

Now, this is where the downhill really started.

After this he became addicted to various drugs, such as heroin, crack, weed etc.

When he was back at work, he was caught stealing out of the work fund.

So he was fired and the police were called.

Sure enough, he was charged with attempted theft and the charity he scammed also reported him so he went to court, got sentenced to one month in prison, along with having to pay the charity back for scamming them.

 

Fast forward a month, me, my mom and my other Uncle decided to greet him after he came out of prison.

He was "sorry" but that didn't last long.

 

By the end of the week, he was back to drugs and this time, Alcohol.

He became that much of a mess, my other Uncle moved into my house temporarily, but sadly we couldn't have the dogs with us as we had a cat and the dogs were very active.

Anyway, a few weeks later, my Uncle gets a flat of his own and decides to have the dogs with him  so he goes back to his old home and finds the dogs, who are absolutely starving and had a look of fear in their eyes.

Once he gets to his house, he calls the RSPCA (Animal crime) and they come over and give my clean Uncle a caution because his name wasn't removed from his old address yet and my other Uncle was arrested again and ordered to be evicted from the house, the dogs stayed with my clean Uncle as he clearly explained what was happening with my druggie Uncle.

 

There is a lot, lot LOT more I could post, as this kept getting worse and worse until I was 11.

That was like 6 years of torment.

And yet after all this, I'm still somehow standing. 

I'm incredibly fucked up in the head and I know it.


I've had suicidal thoughts before and the only thing that has stopped me going through with them is how it'll effect my online friends. I'm really lucky to have them, they're the ones who stopped me last time. 

No one else will care if I'm gone. No one would.

As the Redditor in the picture says "No one will miss you" and he's right. 

I have no family. No one will be able to help me. 

No one can. My happiness and hopes for life were shattered years ago, just like my soul on the inside. 

Written from the heart of a completely broken person. 


