I don't want to be an adult.Hi all.

I'm autistic.  I don't know if this has anything to do with the following or not, but I think it does, which is why I mention it: I can't think about anything but the present.  I don't think about the past, I don't think about the future.  I struggle to process what's going on in the here and now, and that's about all I can handle.  If I try to make goals about the future or make plans and all that, I get overwhelmed, confused, and I generally have meltdowns, which I like to avoid at all costs.   So no thinking about the future.

Anyways, I'm also 24.  It's time for me to be responsible.  I'm starting a doctoral degree next semester.  I'm having money troubles, and it's worse than ever.  I've been excited about going to Cedar Point since I haven't ridden a roller coaster in years, and I fucking love roller coasters.  This has been a plan with two of my best friends (best because I've been friends with them for more than a year actively, which is very uncommon for me) for half a year now.  I've been so fucking excited about it.

If I go on this trip, I may struggle to pay a bill, and I'm going to have to skip it because of that.  I talked with my mom about it and she says that as an adult you'll have to make sacrifices like this all the time.  I'm beginning to feel this.  This past year, I've been excited about many things, and every single one I've had to give up or have been let down by.  Every single one.  My mom says this is fairly common.  Bills become your priority.  Struggling to make ends meet.  Sacrificing the present in order to have a good future.

The present is all I fucking have.  I can't think about the future.  I struggle to think about the present.  If I sacrifice the present, it'll be giving up the only thing I have.  I don't work toward goals.  I don't have delayed gratification or whatever.  I can't handle this.  I don't want to think about living another day.  I just drove to the top of an 8-story parking garage and sat there for a bit before deciding that today was not the day.

I''m so fucking bad at just being a normal human adult.  I don't want it.  I don't want to sacrifice my present.  It's all I've been doing for a whole year.  A whole year without any sort of pleasure or release whatsoever.  If I could think "oh, I'm just working toward my future," I feel like it would all be worth it, but that doesn't mean anything to me.  I don't understand that.  I can only process what's happening right now.

I hate this so much.  I hate myself, I hate this, I hate being an adult, I hate being responsible, I hate my life, and I don't want it anymore.  I've never really wanted it.  I've never wanted to be alive.  I've never wanted to be dead, but I've never wanted to be alive either.  Now I want to be dead.  I'm going to keep driving to the top of that garage until one day I can get myself to sit on the ledge.  Then I'm going to keep doing that until I can swing my legs over.  Then I'm going to keep doing that until I just finally lean forward and give up.  It's the only thought that keeps me going.  That someday I'll give in and I won't have to think anymore.