I want to end my life at 20 years oldThere is nothing further for me to experience, no reason to continue living. On the surface, I have an ideal life. I am a 20 year old caucasian woman. Born to a wealthy family in a Westernized country, I was given every educational and recreational opportunity that one could desire. I have above-average physical attractiveness, which helps to compensate for my abysmal personality.

However, I have already squandered most of the advantages that I was born with. I chose a useless major when I entered college, and I am attempting to transfer in to my university's nursing program as a last-minute hail-Mary. There is no guarantee that I will get in, and if I don't, I would have wasted approximately $100,000 of my parents tuition money on a fucking *liberal arts*degree. My GPA is projected to drop to a meager 3.1 by the end of the semester, given the fact that I got a C on a midterm and multiple F's on reading pop quizzes. Even in the pre-nursing classes where I am motivated to work hard, I can barely scrape by with a B after hours of dedicated study time. I have aspirations to become a nurse anesthetist, but that dream is becoming increasingly unlikely due to my academic incompetence.

I despise myself so deeply that I often fantasize about hanging myself in my dorm room or throwing myself off of a building. Throughout my adolescence and young adulthood, I often wished that I could replace my soul with a perfect, emotionless automaton who got A's on every exam, ran marathons, collected a litany of accolades, and secured a high-paying white collar job. Just a placeholder who would make my parents proud so that they could boast to their country-club friends.

I will probably be a drain on society in the future, so I might as well end it all now. I cannot picture any amount of success in my future, despite my incredibly privileged upbringing. Family and friends have told me that I am a 7-8/10 on the scale of physical beauty, but all of my attempts at flirtation have been rejected.

Whenever I see successful individuals (doctors, lawyers, engineers, CEO's, programmers, scientists), I always feel sick to my stomach, despite the fact that these people are primarily responsible for economic and technological progression. I cannot live with my mediocrity anymore. I don't even think that I could marry someone who was more financially successful than me, even if it would be in my best interest to do so. My nonexistent self esteem simply couldn't handle it.

I have never been proud of anything that I have done in my entire life. I am a lazy, entitled, lackluster failure. It is only a matter of time before I gather the courage to commit suicide, to leave this ugly world forever.