Emotionally burned out, I feel existential exhaustionI don't know what to do anymore.   


Nobody seems to really get it except those of us who are already suffering. All the pain and sadness and guilt and self-loathing. It feels so monolithic. I feel like an ant compared to the immensity of it all. And what's terrible is that's not an exaggeration.   


I'm so very tired of it all. I've tried therapy, psychiatric medications, hospitalization, I've been contemplating various philosophies my whole life. I've tried to be myself. I've tried to not be myself. I've tried to force myself to think happy. I've tried to accept myself. I've tried combating negative thoughts with CBT. I've made an effort to try everything I can. In total, it's gotten me exactly nowhere.  


On top of it all, I spend so much time trying to keep the light on for others, always reaching out to make sure they're okay because I know what it's like, that I feel stretched thin, but they need someone too. We're all broken people trying to heal broken people.   


I've been struggling with gender identity for a long time now too and I'm no closer to accepting myself. All in all, there is not one single thing I like about myself. And the depression and anxiety have gotten to me so badly I'm struggling to even function. I will probably lose my job soon because I've been out on medical leave since my last breakdown. I don't even want to try anymore. I have nothing in life that feels worth pursuing, and I mean nothing. I look forward to nothing and I enjoy very little. I am so sick of living and I don't know what to do. Everything aches. I've been indescribably sad for as long as I can even remember. Would it really be so bad for me to just... be done with it all?  


I don't believe in gods or afterlives. In truth, I wouldn't want to live forever anyway; I hardly like living now as it is. I welcome the idea of not existing. If, before I had been born, you showed me exactly what this life would be like, and asked me if I'd live this life, I'd refuse without a second thought. So much of my life spent coping, so much time gone, I don't honestly believe I'll ever be who I wish I could have been anymore.  


I try because I wouldn't want anyone to say I didn't. But haven't I done enough?