I think I'm getting thereI'm such a selfish piece of shit is unbelievable. All I do is complain and complain without any thought as to if I'm hurting or annoying anybody. Apparently, that is how you go through 2 friends and a counselor.   I annoyed my 2 biggest supporters once a week/week and a half with talks about how depressed and suicidal I am. Neither of them will respond to my texts and one of them told me that they don't "feel an ounce of the friendship we used to have". She used to be my best friend, in an unfortunate fucked up way she still is, but now she hates me. Now my counselor even said, "Do you think you should keep coming here? Maybe we should talk about what you should do next." We semi agreed that in the past 3-4 months I haven't made any steps forward, and since I've upped the amount of times I think about suicide, we can tell it's just getting worse. Apparently I need to go to a psychiatrist but that would involve telling my parents about my depression, which I just cannot do. I'm stuck here, alone, again. I'm worse than ever before with less people by my side. I don't think I want to be around much longer. I miss so many people, but everyone just sees it as me being dramatic and creepy, like I'm not allowed to miss people I care about. And it's not like I don't try to make new friends, I just have no confidence. Add that on top of the fact that I'm fat and ugly, who the fuck wants to be friends with that? No one. I get rejected by everybody. Hahaha I've never even held hands with a girl, or hugged one for more than 3 seconds, OR ACTUALLY HAD A DECENT CONVERSATION WITH ONE IM INTERESTED IN, let alone ever had sex. I hate my stupid pathetic life more than anybody else ever could. Everyday I wish that I was dead because all I'm doing is wasting everyone's time and money by staying alive. I just wish one day I wouldn't wake up, but those odds are so small. I know I'm going to kill myself, and I feel like it could be soon, but idk when. I never plan anything, so I imagine that I'll just have enough at one point and crash my car or something. Idk, who knows. Thanks for listening. 