How can I help my friend that I can't physically be there to help?So I regular a #gay irc chat and I have gotten to know this guy. He is gay, but he is unhappy. He hasn't talked with his parents in a year or more, he doesn't get along with his brother, he is currently working towards a math degree and is only two semesters away from getting his degree. 

He has had some problems with drugs/alcohol and abusing them, but has been clean from them for a couple of months until last weekend. He informed me that he was thinking of doing something "stupid", and mentioned jumping off a cliff (he lives in arizona). I told him that his family loves him even if they don't show it, and I have told him multiple times that I care about him and so do a bunch of others. He told me he would "try" not to do anything stupid, I told him that was not good enough and he better not.

Until last night, I had not heard from him, I texted him every single day asking if he was okay, telling him that he was scaring me, but I never got any response at all. I tried calling, no one answered. 

Finally last night I get a text from him saying that he had just gotten back from new mexico after trying to do something "not smart". 

I didn't ask for specifics of what he tried to do or where, but he told me that he had withdrew from his classes (remember he only has two semesters left), dropped him dog off at his brothers house, as if he was really going to go through with it. Apparently he has tried to this this back when he was 20 (22 now I think), and it just makes me so sad that someone can be this unhappy that they would want to end their life. 

He thinks his issue is the fact that he isn't able to get medicine/treatment for manic depression. He doesn't have any medical insurance, I don't think his parents would be willing to add him on theirs, but I'm not sure what the issue is between his parents and himself. 

I've told him that his school probably has some kind of counseling center to try and go there for someone to talk to in person, I told him that he should go back to school and finish his degree, and then he could get a job elsewhere, somewhere new and he could make some new friends, and try to start a happier life, he somewhat agreed with doing that but I'm not really sure what he is going to do.

I don't know the guy in person, but I still care... what am I supposed to do to help him? If I was rich, I would pay for his medical insurance.