I know I am going to do it, and I feel like I cannot stop it.For a little background; I (F20) have had a pretty bad upbringing and spurs of awful events in my teen years. Depression runs in my family and I have had to deal with it quite a bit (I reach out to therapists and am on meds). Most of the time I can manage those feelings and find decent ways to cope.

 That being said, I've been extremely ill this year going through cancer screenings, having an organ removed and even contracted covid-19 in March/April and lost my job following that. I have always been an extremely independent and hard working person, paying for the things in my relationship and managing my sadness positively.  After going through all of those events it put me in a really hard place and I started to open up about the difficult feelings in my mind to my partner.

These past few weeks I have been on new meds for my fibro and depression and have been making a lot of strides, I got an amazing new job and am repairing my car and finally working to be the person I was again.

The night before I started my new job out of nowhere my partner of 2 years shoved my things into a garbage bag and left because I am "too different" from who I was a year ago. The truth is, I am sick and I am tired and cannot keep up with the things I could a year ago, but I am GETTING there. My illness never made me mean towards him, nor uncaring or loving, I just couldn't do long hikes and walks like I used to or shell out money that often. Being that sick made me vulnerable and he just couldn't take it.

I have been on auto pilot for the past two days, mindlessly going through this new job process. I feel numb. I feel like a shell, I feel like I will never go back to being the person I was no matter how hard I try. I don't want to kill myself because of my partner leaving, It's not the act of them leaving that put me in the headspace I am in, It's the reflection of this past year that has put me in this place. 

I know I am going to kill myself at some point, I can genuinely feel it and sense that its going to happen, but I at least want to wait until my ex-partner does not take on the weight or guilt of believing it was their leaving that pushed me to this point, because it wasn't at all. I am just so tired of being so tired. It feels like my auto pilot is in control and I already know how this is going to end. 

&amp;#x200B;

Like jesus fuck somebody wake me the fuck up.