An update (long)Hey everyone. I made a new account to post this. This is going to be rather a long one, so feel free to move on if you want.

So I was on here a little while ago with the username u/cleganecerealbowl. Some of you may remember a post I made here about how I was really depressed, and I wanted to die, but I was scared of dying. I explained how I was depressed because it seemed like life had just come together in the perfect storm to make me into an absolute train wreck of a human being. 
Chances are the majority of people who read the post won't see this one, but if there's anyone who's still here, or didn't see but are interested, I felt I owed you a little update.
Basically, I'm getting better.
Remember how I said it was like the perfect storm? Well, what yanked me out of that time was almost the same thing, but in a helpful way. It's like the universe was saying 'oh damn, my bad bro'. 
Firstly, CAMHS *finally* got their heads together and gave me the right prescription for my antidepressants. For a little while, I'd been on 100mg of sertraline, but it wasn't helping. Mum and I both thought I should move up to 200, but we had to an appointment with a clinical psychologist. That took 6 months, but I finally got an appointment - and I'm now on 200mg of sertraline, and feeling far less depressed. Yay!
But that in and of itself wouldn't quite be enough. I was very much down and out, and needed something a little more to totally get out of that pit. And then, that little more arrived.
For the last year and a half, I've been on a computer science course in college. Now, I love working with computers, but most of the topics didn't interest me. However, this month, I started the game design part of the game design course (finally), which I really enjoyed. Another big problem - my depression-induced belief that college wasn't worth leaving the house for - was struck off the list.
But I was still struggling in one huge area - my social life. Since I broke up with my girlfriend a couple of years ago, I've had real trouble being around other people. Even more trouble than usual. I've also been enjoying my hobbies less than I used to. Then I encountered something that countered both of these problems at the same time - Friday Nights Magic. I've always had an interest in Magic: the Gathering, but I never got into it. So, seeing an opportunity to discover something new I enjoy, I took a hesitant step forward. That was one of the best decisions I've ever made. 
This was in last August - fast forward to now, and I'm fully involved in the friendship group, one of the most prominent members of the Discord, and I've met a bunch of new friends with whom I share an interest. But it doesn't end there. Remember when I said I started some new units? Well I'm also now in the same tutor group as my old friend Joey, whom I've known for about 12 years, and haven't seen for several months. He's made a few new friends in the meantime, and introduced me to them - and through him, I became friends with them.
So life was already tugging me out of my cycle of self-pity and self-loathing, but one problem remained - I'm still pretty fat. Not morbidly obese, but still noticeably. Well, wouldn't you know it, but life had a solution for that too. 
For a little backstory, my mum's always had a problem with her Achilles's tendon; since she used to go running all the time, she sprained it a lot. But a couple of years ago, it got damaged pretty badly. She hasn't ran since.
Recently, she's decided that enough is enough; she's going to start running again. But before she can start running again, she needs to start working her Achilles's tendon so that she doesn't damage it again going back into exercise. You know how she's doing that? A treadmill. Which she says I am free to use at any time. So yes, I'm still fat, but I'm working on it.
I haven't lost any major weight, but I feel better - which makes me feel more confident in social situations. 
In fact, my newfound confidence has led to me making a Tinder account (talking to real girls is still out of the picture for now). Hopefully, finding a partner will make me happier, and one day, maybe I won't need to take antidepressants anymore.
And that brings us full circle - somehow, it seems that the solutions for each thing has solved other things. 
To anyone still reading; thank you. Your interest in my life means more to me than any compliment. Maybe this went in one ear and out the other, maybe I've just spent the last twenty minutes of my life typing a veritable essay that will never be seen by anyone - but thank you anyway.

tl:dr - Doing better in life, thanks to a mixture of antidepressants, newfound interests and Bo Burnham.