My date is the 30th, this is tl;dr.Obvious throwaway here, because I do use reddit and my username is usually attached to everything. That and the information I'm about to give out is something I would never want attached to me anyway, but here goes.

To start things off I'm 22, male, employed (but the hours and pay barely make me able to afford food, let alone anything else) and I'm a trans (Female to male, for the curious)

My upbringing was super religious, and I was taught to hate myself for who I was and that no matter how hard I prayed or wished that I could be someone better, I always knew that it was an impossible feat. When I was 9 I was told god doesn't make mistakes and that I was just really confused. I thought maybe they were right, maybe I would just suddenly be okay with everything.

The longer I lived in that house, the more wrong I realized I was. My uncle sexually abused me from the ages of 9 to 12 and if I wasn't already confused about my entire being, that really threw things into a spiral of self hatred. I never hated him, because he told me everything was okay, that this is normal and how things happen when family was close to one another. I thought everyone else hated me, except for him, because I didn't understand. He told me I could be a boy, if we kept it a secret.

This wasn't the last time I was sexually assaulted. My mother was on drugs and neglectful while my father was out of the picture. Up until I was 15, I stopped having sexual contact with people who'd force themselves in my life because I stopped going out. It wasn't worth it anymore, I became someone who was a huge recluse, I stopped having friends and stayed online all day. 

I wasn't entirely alone, I wound up dating someone I met at school, and I thought this was the greatest thing that could have happened. Someone that finally accepted me for who I was and none of that religious mumbo jumbo I had to deal with. That was until I realized he'd be physically abusive towards me. Nearly broke my nose and gave me a black eye several times.

So then came a long streak of being generally alone, bullied at school and intense social and general anxiety. I've attempted suicide 3 times in the past and was hospitalized for one of my more successful attempts. I say successful lightly because, well. I spent 4 days in an inpatient facility where I had my gender trivialized, so much so one of the doctors told me "why would you want to be a boy, you're far to petite to even pull it off". Fantastic, it was a great time to be alive, truly.

I was put on medication that helped partially, was apart of a TAY program where I had to meet with people three times a week to make sure I was functional. That actually helped, but the therapist was lackluster and they kept switching my medication to something stronger because I was deemed to be more and more at risk. This was a couple years back and now here I am.

I'm not doing anything I want to do, I'm not even sure what I want to do anymore, but the motivation is gone. Sucked straight out of me and I don't know how to get it back. I hate my body more and more, so much so that (while sex was always an issue for me) I don't even want to see myself naked. I often find myself thinking I'm someone entirely different and projecting myself to be someone different. I feel so detached myself that I feel like I already don't exist and I'm just a miserable shell. I'm so insecure that I've stopped reaching out to my friends, instead I just let them talk to me. If anything, my worth could be measured in the patience I've held while trying to fix and help them with their problems.

I don't want to die so much as I don't want to exist. When I fall asleep and my dreams are nothingness, when it's like I didn't even fall asleep-- That's what I want. I just want my life to stop, I didn't ask to be born.

Sorry that this is so long, I just want to put it somewhere.