I don’t know what to sayFour years ago I was involved in an abuse I’ve situation. My “mother” and step father abused me physically, but it was the only time it was physical on a level worth taking me away from them. But my step sis and I had been mentally, verbally, and emotionally abused since I can remember. 

So for the past four years I’ve been suicidal off and on and with varying intensities... I’ve convinced myself not to kill myself so many times it’s getting tiring. My current parent has brushed off my attempts of getting help so many times and I’m honestly afraid of seeking help... I don’t know if I can hold out long enough to seek help. 

I’ve been having dreams of being r*ped since this year started, and they honestly make me scared. I’ve never been r*ped, just... harassed? I dunno. Touched in places I don’t want to be without my permission and even after constant reminders. 

Yesterday I told her that I had another dream. She shook her head and said “I don’t know anyone who has had as many dreams of being r*ped as you.” It sounded like she was blaming me. 

Recently I’ve been trying to get through how badly I’ve been haunted by my past and how my mental issues are getting. In the past I made so many suicide jokes that she threatened to send me to a mental hospital. Now I wish she would’ve done it.

She won’t believe that I have depression. My friend told her therapist about me. Not only did she pretty much confirm I have depression, she said I should have been in a mental hospital, but I was walking around freely. 

For a bit of back story I used to scratch my arms in a small spot until it would bleed this left many scars, all of which are very visible because I’m extremely pale. She said I needed to stop because it looked like I was self harming. I lied to prevent drama. Now I cut my legs and wear pants. 

I keep thinking: “what if I hurt myself just enough to hospitalize myself? To open everyone’s fucking eyes maybe it’ll get better...” but... I only know how to succeed. 

I literally don’t know what to fucking do anymore... I want a future. I want to be able to transition a bit (I’m genderfluid) but life fucking sucks. And I don’t wanna do it anymore.