I just don't see the point to continue.Hi all, 

At first, sorry if I make any mistakes, English is not my native language and for this long post - a bit of history to tell before I come to the point.

I am 20, young and full of possibilities. My family thinks I always been the no-problem daughter. I have been selected into an excellent university and I have amazing friends.

But on the inside, I'm just crambling. My brother was abusive during our entire childhood: beating me, insulting me, every day - my parents thought it was "hyperactivity" and took years to react. When I was 13 and 15, two older brothers of friends raped me. I said nothing, because I felt awfully guilty. Now I know I'm not, but these years of silence and the rapes destroyed me. When I got into university, two years ago, I was following two majors and undergone a lot of pressure. Moreover, I fell in love with someone who had to leave my country a year after we began our relationship to go to Peru (no more details are needed, but he hadn't any other choices). He didn't want us to continue in a long distance relationship and lied on the date of his departure, leaving me feeling abandoned and despaired. Reading my journals, I realized after that the depression had began to arrive months before his leaving, but this was the final blow to my self-esteem and well-being. All that I had buried deep inside of me just blew out. The entire next year is just blurry. I made 4 suicidal attempts, spent two months in hospital - but it was awful and I choose to leave, the psychiatrist wasn't good and the medication not really adapted. My selfdestructive behaviors got really, really bad. But finally, I found some good doctors and took a lot of rest, helping me to get better. But whereas I was really bad and unable to do anything or make any decisions, a guy I was in a kind of relationship with and that I deeply trusted - he was here when I had my breakdown before going to the hospital, and he got me there - raped me several times. I was too much in the fog to understand anything but it's when I began to feel better that I realised what had happened. Of course I broke all relationships with him, but I needed months again to begin to go out again. 
During all my interviews with psychiatrists, we realised that all that violence during my childhood caused me dysthymia, a form of chronic depression. I endured a major episode last year, but I knew that was just already in me before, and it just had worsened. Moreover, I have a high IQ (I don't want to brag, really, just to explain how I feel), so a different emotional system. I am hypersensible and also very anxious. 

I do whatever I can to feel better. I exercise more, I organize my life, I oblige myself to go to class and to finish my bachelor, to not isolate myself. But it's just too hard. Whatever I do, there are some days when I just feel deeply bad and want to die again, or days like today when I just don't see the point to continue to fight. What for do I need to continue to live, objectively? Through all my life, what happened to me is never gonna leave me. Through all my life, I will always have to fight to keep going, to keep fighting the depression or to accept severe side effects from a medication I'm not even sure is gonna work. Even if I feel joy from time to time, or excitement when I think about books I could read for my research, even if I love my friends and my family, nobody would never be able to fill this bottomless hole inside of me. And I just want to give up, because I don't see the point. I'm exhausted to fight to keep up and to smile. I've done it all my life. I don't want 60 years of it. I just want all of it to end: the memories, the pain, the exhaustion. And I also know that there are still those self-destructive temptations in me that can hurt people around me, and I know that if I share my life with someone one day, I will hurt him or her. Even for my friends, it's no joy to be around me when I'm depressed - most of the time - or in self-destructive crisis - not most of the time, but pretty huge. I have nothing good to offer, even if I want to. 

So, if I post here, it's because there is some hope maybe somewhere inside of me.I don't want to hurt anybody but I want to stop being. Please, if you have some advice, I would accept all of it. 