I feel so isolated and it’s absolutely destroying meI’ve had a lot of problems making friends in my life, I have really bad social anxiety and I’m just an awkward and not very entertaining person in general, so I’m not exactly the person people want to be friends with. 

As a result I’ve almost always found friends through the internet. This did make me really happy but several years ago, stuff happened that honestly ruined me when I had already been depressed. I met some truly great people who helped me. It was like they knew whenever I was upset, they’d always check in on me and help me however they could, and it was all around great to have these amazing people I met in my life. We were a group of friends on windows live messenger and would talk every day and it helped me out as I had never felt true, genuine friendship like that.

It all went away when one of them killed themselves. It started a huge chain reaction and 4 other people killed themselves sithin 2 years in the group and since then I’ve fallen out of contact with everyone and it hurt so bad. It still hurts me. It’s been 5 years and I think of them all every day.

Since then I’ve drifted among friend groups. Never really made many irl but I’ve made a decent few over the internet, especially lately. It was nice to be able to voice call and play video games with people I liked.

That’s changed since I started going to college. In addition to the huge amount of stress schoolwork adds, I’ve lost my only coping strategy with everything else happening in my life. My dorm room is so loud and everyone in it so judgemental I can’t ever voice call. It feels like I’ve suddenly become irrelevant to a lot of people I know and love. Everyone feels colder to me the longer I am away and I’ve been constantly panicking and on the edge lately because I’m so scared of being isolated and losing my friends. No one even seems interested in talking to me at all anymore when I’m going through such a hard part of my life and I truly do need people but I’m losing everyone I thought I had and it’s so hard. I don’t know how to fit everything going through my head and life in a Reddit post and I wish I didn’t have to because I just want my friends to care about me again 