Done with dealing with my paranoia and hallucinations.Ah man. This week has been rough on me. I've been off any kind of anti-psychotics for awhile now with my symptoms under control but after this week everything has really bubbled to the surface. 

My life at work is just falling apart and my personal life is now in pieces. My SO and I broke up, my family is against me, and I'm just totally by myself for the weekend. Yesterday I took like 3 mgs of Xanax and 250 mgs of diphenhydramine and of course I still woke up but I was just hoping that I wouldn't. But I did. Now I'm just on this precipice looking over the edge trying to decide what to do. 

It just makes me so frustrated that I can't find people that understand. I pretty much typed this just so maybe somewhere, someone could understand how my mind works and tell me that it's going to be okay but I know it's not going to be okay. Everyone thinks I'm just a giant asshole or a douche or a liar or this or that and they all talk about me behind my back and even if I try to present my side of the story it doesn't matter because people can't understand how my mind works they just say bullshit like "well I understand but" there is no but, I have things in my mind telling me to do shit I perceive reality to be different than what it is for everyone else and people still think I just make everything up. 

Sigh. I'm just so tired of having all of these thoughts in my head, being constantly bombarded by second guessing if there's bugs around me or if I hear a buzzing noise or if I see faceless people like hiding in the shadows of my room there's nothing that I can do to ever change any of that and I'm just the one that has to sit and deal with it. I'm the one that has to keep waking up tormented by all these things and my mind never just STOPS. All I want is the ability to stop thinking I don't care about dying I care about having all these thoughts stop being in my head and stop seeing shit and just get better but I know I can never be cured and I can never be a regular person. 

Sigh. I hope someone that reads this kind of understands what I mean I'm sure it's just a long winded rant and it's all over the place but that's how my mind is - constantly running all over the fucking place and no body seems to understand the things that I go through and I can't figure out a way to get people to understand the types of problems I have. Maybe if I was to die, people would finally look back on my life and say "wow, that guy really was fucked up" but I wouldn't be around to be like YES THANK YOU, EXACTLY. It's so bullshit I just can't handle it anymore I don't know what to do man I just really don't know what to do. 