I don’t feel real anymore and I think I’m ready to let goHonestly, at this point, it’s hard to say what’s led up to this point.
I was never really the type of girl to have good luck, but I’m so grateful to have my early years in Europe. I’d say my issues all came when I moved to Texas.
In no way, did I stand out for a good reason. I was just a 4th grader, I was chubby, I had a lisp (raised in Spain) and no one believed I was from Europe. So I had looked like a joke. Throughout the rest of elementary, my parents would be on and off but stayed for the sake of me. 5th grade I had gained so much weight and was a literal geek. Always talking about Star Wars or doctor who, only hanging out with boys who were also outcasts. This led to more extreme bullying that really put me down. It was that summer I realized some things. Nobody liked me? I didn’t realize why though until my own mom and uncle started to pick on me as well for my weight. We’d be in my pool and my swimsuit was too tight and clothes just didn’t fit. It was my 6th grade year, when I started, I realized wow, everyone looks so much better ( most stretched out and lost their baby fat). I then came to the fact that I was just not skinny enough to be liked, which was the saddest truth. This is where I believe my self hate and depression truly starts. I began to research fast ways to lose weight, I’ve always been the impatient type. So I found some ProAna forums, and if you know what those are, they are the most sickening things to get caught up on if you’re not in anyway “skinny”.  I began to shed weight crazy, working out and not eating, finding reasons to skip meals. No one assumed anything when I dropped so much so fast, they were just assuming it was baby fat and all that. It was way more complex and they didn’t see it. My parents were never controlling and didn’t check my phone and stuff so even then, it was all harmless in their eyes. 7th grade is where it all starts to spiral. I was bone thin and somehow still thriving, no one seemed to say anything until school. I was bullied now for being too skinny!!! Like what the fuck is wrong with people. I just wanted to fit in etc, and it sucked cause I was so confident it would have worked. But even then that wasn’t enough. Luckily my art stood out. I was too tier at my school and that’s what I was known for so I had confidence there. I won some competitions and the rest of that was good. It falls downhill once I fainted, leading to a checkup. This determined I was malnourished and I was hospitalized. During that time I felt literally nothing. When I got out and gained 4 lbs back I was disappointed and disgusted and my mom was pissed. She and I started to her distant after this, one thing I should add is that my dad worked in the oil fields so he was never home. It was just my mom and I. Anyways, leading up to 8th grade, my parents went broke and my mom was going to college. We had no money for anything ever but it was because my mom would use it on herself. This is when she began to emotionally abuse and neglect me and since my dad was home, he didn’t know.  She’d take me with her in public but would tell me to tell people she was my sister and would get pissed when a guy would approach her and I said that’s my mom. She’d even take off her ring before we left. 8th grade starts. Fuck. Everything. Falls apart. I catch my mom cheating on my dad by accident. My mom beats me. I’m tossed outside while she’s over upstairs fucking someone who’s not my dad. She would cry and apologize only to beat me and call me shit again. “Anorexic piece of shit”,” I can’t wait to leave you and your father”, “you look like a whore”, all these things that just... stick in your head. I was worthless. I felt depressed. My own mom didn’t love me it seemed and my dad didn’t know what was going on. I don’t know why I couldn’t open up to him but it’s because he was hours away and my mom was in the same house. A few months after I catch her cheating, my moms hospitalized, in the icu. My dad can’t even come comfort her because she has her stupid Boyfriend there instead. At this point I was just flat out depressed, my grades dropped, I lost more weight after getting healthy again. And as you can tell so far, it was a battle against my body, mind and surroundings. My mom pulled through and was never the same after that. She was worse and more abusive and it would never end. I was so damaged already and had no voice. I didn’t even know what it felt like to have a normal bond with you mom anymore. My 8th grade year ended and I was dreading highschool. My mom sends me away to my grandparents for the summer in Oklahoma and I get to go to Florida and all of that. That was fun and a nice break but then I have to go home. Literally my mom picked me up and she took me out and it was so much fun. But the next day, she just... leaves. She’s gone. I woke up alone. She left my dad and I.  My aunt moves in to take care of me and I felt so distraught. 
Highschool starts, ok so just to clarify if you’ve read this far, this is where I feel like my “dream state” begins. My past before that feels so unreal? It’s so disturbing. But it shaped me and affects the relationships I have. Freshman year was so perfect.  The divorce was settled but I found a new peace.Around October, I meet a very very important person. He changed my life. We started to date and we did everything together. He was my first everything and my god did I love him. We last a solid year and half, all good memories. It was when I started to get into the wrong crowd, I was pressured to leave him, amongst other issues. hurting him more in the end. God I feel so bad still. I moved on so fast just to forget the feeling of missing someone. This is where another guy comes in. This is my junior year. I still feel shitty the whole time in the summer with this new guy thinking everything is ok. At this point I’m barely getting over my mom and the divorce. And I feel “stable” I was super chubby again and not thin and I lost my glow but I didn’t care. This guy introduced me to drugs. I was more or less pressured to try some. He made me try mdma and I would smoke weed all the time. I felt like a junkie. I remember thinking about how lsd made me feel like I was in control but now i see it ruined me more and I’m disgusted by his habits and his ways of pressuring me all because I was desperate to let go and heal. He told me it would do all of that and honestly he became more of a fucked up person. It was around September I messaged my ex, yes it’s messed up but I was so curious to see how he was and I apologized for my cruel treatment. I just wanted a change of heart. Unknowingly this would unleash more issues. I realized I cared too much about him still and I felt guilty. He was always on my mind and we’d smile at eachother in the halls. The new guy who I mentioned was super caught up in his mind and would take out his anger on me and blame his psychosis on me and I was scared of him. He always made me cry. It got so bad he tried to kill himself in front of me. I wanted a way out but I was too far in and I was scared. It was around February he decided to leave me and would try to come back but each Time he was an asshole and was always off of lsd. It sucks.  So this leads up to current day. I don’t really know what I did between February and now but this all ties in I promise.
 
Ok so once he left me, I fell apart again. And It wasn’t because of him it was more or less of how I realized he treated me so bad and I left someone who loved and cared about me for this guy. I felt like an asshole and was disgusted with myself, I realized I wasn’t fit anymore and I was just overall so unhappy. I decided to message the first guy and with open arms he understood me like always. He was such a sweetheart I didn’t ever deserve him. So anyways leading up to now, hed always bring up how I left him and how ugly I was to him and I was never there, this would make me lash out and all these things. I was just so caught up I forgot to show I loved him. It’s too late now, but I just wish he knew how much he meant to me. He ended up leaving me to focus on his college but decided to talk to my old best friend which has taken its toll on me as well.


I relapsed into anorexia, I’m thin as hell now and I’m sick. I sleep all day, I have no energy. I just cry and the thoughts of him with someone else just seems so hypocritical to cry and be broken up over but I just feel so unwanted. I feel like everyone leaves me and it’s just because of my energy and personality. Days are getting longer and I’m losing interest in everything. My dad takes all his anger out on me and pushes me around. My mom and I have a better bond now but she’s all the way in a different state and with covid I can’t stay with her. It’s been so hard. I  have so much going for me through all of this too which is crazy. I’m starting college early because I’m so caught up and I’ll be going to a good school, I have a whole plan and I wish I could go through. I am even in a successful small local indie band as a singer. I sell my art and I’m expanding my medians,But I’m so sad and heartbroken. I just feel nothing. It’s just everyday gets more dreadful. I feel so torn up. And he still messages me saying he misses me but this is for the best? Like leaving me then going to my ex friend was for the best for you? And he says he cares for me but if he cared he wouldn’t have left the way he did. I’m all for taking time for yourself but to break me the way he did was so uncalled for.  I understand I fucked up but I feel even worse.It triggered so many emotions I had kept under for so long. I’m relieving my past trauma through dreams and now my dad is like how my mom was before the abuse got physical,  I am anorexic again. I just sleep and cry and I can’t enjoy things. Everything is so unreal. I can’t believe this is my reality. And with all the circumstances going on outside now it’s so ugh like how much longer can I take? I’ve set my mind up that it’s inevitable, I’m going to kill myself eventually it’s just how many more days of this can I take. The same things over and over again. The same thoughts and regrets. Not feeling enough and having the motivation and love to do things the same way. My life sucks. And I can’t believe the one person who loved me through everything left me as well. Everyone really does leave me and I’ve been so alone since. It’s just now I’m really pushed to my limit. I am not real dude. This can’t be real. Everything I’ve ever wanted is gone. He doesn’t want me, my moms not here and I can’t let go or just leave this shitty environment. It’s so messy now. I just want to die, if there’s ever a day where death comes to me I’ll embrace it. I’m reckless and suicidal 24/7. I can’t do anything about that mindset. If people knew they’d try to help me but if you wanted to help me then why cause all the damage you did in the first place. They are selfish because they don’t want to see me dead and know In mind they caused a fraction of it to happen. No, in the end this will be my fate and my decision and when it happens no one will know and it will be so relieving for everyone. They left me so I can leave them. Just as they told me to let go, they need to let go of me. I have letters, gifts and everything planned for when I finally break. I don’t give a fuck about my future. I have some chance of success but then what? What is it all for. Nothing. I die anyways. I know I’ll be carrying all my guilt and pain to my grave anyways so just end my pain now. I’m so fed up. God I’m so sorry. I commend you if you’ve read this far. I’m so lost but nothing will help me anymore. I’m just a ticking time bomb. I’ll do it soon. I know so.