I want to die badly but I dont have the courage to jumpI'm a 25 year old, and I'm considering suicide, in the light of all the fucking issues that I’ve stopped being able to cope with. 
I was born disadvantaged.  And I've been dragging my way through life ever since. I was born with NVLD and ADHD. NVLD(or none verbal learning disorder), basically causes you have issues with everything from fine motor skills to your spatial abilities, understanding social relationships and excelling at any right-brained task. It has limited my career options and made my social relationships throughout life, awkward and superficial at best. Suffice to say, it has stunted my ability to connect with people and endear myself. It's a career destroyer (since literally every career requires at least some fundamental  understanding of social relationships and visual-spatial/big picture related cognitive skills). My IQ demonstrates this best. I have the performance IQ (83) at the level of someone borderline retarded while my verbal IQ is at the level of someone gifted(125). I'm basically a walking parrot, competent at expressing myself verbally, but incompetent in everything else. It's done  irreperqble damage to my self-esteem and its effects have haunted me throughout life. I've always felt like a loser, incapable of realizing his ambitions and succeeding at anything beyond base goals, because of this. The ADHD was  just another added injury to insult. It placed more strain on the already devastating cognitive deficits that come with suffering from NVLD. I've never been able to achieve a single thing worth mentioning, my entire life.  The NVLD holds me back and has hindered me from suceeding in most of my endeavours.  And ambitious as I was and am, it’s an existential blight and literally one of the greatest challenges of my life. It has gradually pulvarized whatever self-perception and self-respect I had. 

I also developed  Atopic Asthma and Eczema and allergies early on at the young age of 4-5, which impaired my ability to engage in athletics and later in my 20s came to influence my health severely in decisive manner.

Three years ago, in 2014 I lapsed into a depression, while studying at university for a degree in history (which I never wanted, but i was forced into by pressure from my family and because it was one of the few fields I was good at, because of NVLD giving you good analytical ability and verbal logical reasoning). The problems after that just kept piling on. I was 2 months into my introductionary classes, I could barely sleep. I subsequently developed major depression as a result. I had suicidal thoughts and was barely functional. So I forced to drop out of university.  

After having recovered 7 months after that bout, my already existing allergies just amplified into the extreme, making me unable to sleep due to severe nasal congestion. I was unable to sleep for 2 weeks straight. I had a poor reaction to nasal cortecosteroids so no matter what i did, i still got poor sleep. It was a period full of apprehension and depression. When that period blew over, I was simply a fucked up zombie. I slowly began recovering from that. Only for a month later to develop acid reflux, this sent me into another period of depression and anxiety, with the added effect of being unable to eat for a few months. I did recover slowly, but the acid reflux never went away, neither did the depression or anxiety. All of this had caused me to lose weight. And since i had insomnia, anxiety and depression, which I was barely able to cope with, I ate a ton without thinking. The sleep deprivation caused me to eat more than i normally do, and i was already overweight(from the isolation and ADHD causing poor satiety). 

Suffice to say, I’ve over the past 2 years developed sleep apnea(which is a hereditary problem) and multiple chemical sensitivity. The former causing additional memory, motor and cognitive deficits(something I learned while I studied the disease meticulously).Ones that are irreversible, adding additional issues to my already addled and dysfunctional brain, causing me to be more cognitively impaired than my premorbid state. And the latter basically making me unable to function like an normative person, and rendering me completely unemployable. 

The long term prognosis for the life quality and health of someone with all the above issues, is poor to zilch.   Since MCS according to all current research is basically untreatable, and avoidance of exacerbating enviroments is the only form of treatment available.  That is besides sleep apnea causing me to become more dysfunctional than i was in the beginning with irreversible brain damage.   I’ve  researched possible solutions for months. For a way to fix my situation. Only fail and find nothing. The only possible way to treat the brain damage from OSA and possibly reverse some of the cognitive dysfunction caused by the learning disorders is via regenerative technologies that are still in their infancy. They seem more like distant mirages in a desert, than actual available treatments that can could restorw me to my previous level of functioning.

MCS is anotger issue i struggle with.  It's etiology completely unknown, and the long-term prognosis is poor, since there are no treatments. It's not even recognized by many of the worlds medical institutions.  Most people with mcs end up in isolation or life long issues.

Short of becoming paraplegic, suffering from severe brain injuries, developing terminal cancer, ALS or MS. This is probably the worst life outcome a person can experience. There is no way around it, it's like falling into a bottom less pit, or being incarcerated in a cage at the bottom of the ocean. There is almost nothing I can do to fix the situation. Except to try to adapt, only to in vain, find nothing. Nothing is left for me out there. 

I’m tired of being humiliated and given the short-end of the stick in life, while most of the people I know are at least successful and functional enough to get through life. I was born this way, and I never choose this life. These are the conditions I was given, and I’ve stopped being able to cope with them.  I fail at finding ways to rationalize or make justifications for continuing with this miserable existence any longer, which just keeps finding ways to fuck with my head and turn everything against me. I know that if I choose to stay, whatever happens, I’ll never find a place of contentness or happiness in life. 

I spend most of my days, in bed trying to numb myself, in complete apathy and lethargy, deliberating on whether I should kill myself or try to accept how things are. The life ahead of me looks grim, and the future prospects look bleak and barely worth the effort to continue.  I can’t and don’t really want to hack it anymore. I'm pretty much dead in everyway that counts. 

I have no idea why I’m writing this. I just needed to write this. 





