It is becoming apparent that I must kill my self. Explanation inside.I’m 21 years old, and wether I want to die or live, I must kill myself. There are no other option, both outcomes of attempting suicide are there, and I just have to flip the coin and see. 


I don’t want to die. I have an infatuation with the world, the animals, peoples stories and the experiences we can all share. I truly wish to stay around and experience it, delve into it and worry about death when I’m no longer able to do those things. 

Unfortunately, for people like me it is no longer an option. My day to day, is existential torture. It sounds exaggerated, and it is. Unless you’ve been in my situation, you could never understand, though. 

I sleep too much. I’m out of bed for maybe 2 hours a day, when I’m off work. It’s disgusting. My body rejects its own self, and my mind is constantly trying to escape. I haven’t washed my clothes for weeks on end now — I don’t have the motivation to. Even my work uniform I just douse in body spray and get away with it. 

I don’t eat right. In fact my eating is horrible. No wonder my body is it’s own enemy. I eat nothing for days, and then the hunger pangs and I will pig out on cheap, processed food. I can’t muster the energy to cook or prepare anything decent. 

My family sucks. In fact, I ignore most of them. A majority are low functioning crackheads, who would sooner take me for a ride and all my money with it, than just be around for me. I don’t get along well with my Mum, in fact we hit heads a lot. It just depresses me further that my existence is a negative on people. 

Speaking of my mother, I have to live with her. It’s too expensive to move out. The economy is too top heavy in my country. I work 40-60 hour weeks and couldn’t even afford to rent a place, or flat, let alone purchase a home. 

With all that stress at home, you’d think working a job based around my major “hobby” would be my escape. No. All that’s done is crushed my dreams and hobbies, chewed them up and spat me back out a hollow husk of who I was. My boss is so moody and strange, at the best of times, and directs all of it on me. She has her own demons I’m sure though, so I don’t argue. 

I’ve taken up smoking weed and cigs. If I don’t have weed, I’ll chain smoke all night. And when I smoke I just sleep anyway. I have a dependency, and an addiction to these substances. 

I’ve been denied help by all outlets available to me, from being ghosted by therapists, friends departing because they don’t know how to help, and psychologists disregarding anything I say. 

I don’t have any more hope, beyond killing myself. I see it as two paths. 

I die, and I am reincarnated or I go back to where we come from, as what or where I do t know, and that’s what scares me. 

Otherwise I fail and somehow am luckily found, in which case I can go into a unit for 24 hours and maybe get medicated or some kind of help if I luck out with who is on shift. 

Otherwise I no longer have hope. I’m now brainstorming how to attempt my suicide in a way that there’s a decent chance of being found, and if not, it’s painless. 

I’ve found a solid form of hanging that, there’s about a 10 minute window people can find and resuscitate you. Any longer and you’re losing brain function. Painless and comfortable. I won’t explain how, but it’s my go to for now. 

Not sure why I’m writing this, but yeah. Idk. I just wish I could get help, but there is none.