I don’t know how I’m going to get through the next few months.I hope someone will read this who can give me advice. Throwaway to conceal my identity.

I’m in my last year of high school in Australia (18F). Our system, called the HSC, is evil and designed to place dangerous amounts of stress on the students. 

My trial exams start in 4 days and I’m losing my mind. I’m barely eating, barely sleeping and spending all of my time staring at my computer screen. I still feel tired even after several cups of coffee and after taking my two different stimulant medications (I have ADHD). I can feel myself deteriorating. I feel like a shell of my former self. 

There are times when I stress eat (not binge eating or anything) and almost spiral because of it; I’ve suffered from anorexia in the past and I freak after I eat anything mildly unhealthy/sugary/fattening. I’d throw it up but I hate vomiting. I’m underweight but I hate my body and often want to starve or hurt myself.

Just generally though I’ve been having thoughts of suicide and self harm. I struggled with severe depression when I was 11, got rid of it, it came back when I was 15, got rid of it and I think it might be creeping back up on me and I am terrified. I haven’t self harmed since I was 11. But I keep thinking that it would be so much easier just to die... I know I would never do it, because I couldn’t inflict that sort of pain on the people I love, and I know what it feels like firsthand since one of my closest friends committed suicide when we were 13. Every passing day just brings me anxiety and I’m so exhausted and anxious that I can’t bring myself to study, which makes me more anxious about the exams. It’s a vicious cycle and I don’t want to deal with it for 4 more months, I just want it to stop. 

I’ve lost my motivation to work and to live and I don’t know how to get it back. I need so badly to do well and I can’t stand to disappoint everyone around me but I am setting myself up to fail and I don’t feel like I can do anything about it. 

I feel awful for posting here since there are so many people who have it worse than me... my issues sound pathetic. I just don’t want to fall into a hole that I can’t climb out of. I feel myself slipping. Any tips for motivation or advice on how to get through this would mean the world. (Please don’t suggest calling Kids Helpline or a suicide hotline, because I’ve done so before and they were beyond awful. I’ve also tried therapy and found that it made my issues worse so not fond of that either).