I feel I'm uselessHi,
I'm 19 in my last year of high school, I don't know what to do anymore, tired of everything thinking that I'm better off dead.
When I was a kid, most of the time I get beat up by my father, being called useless, worthless, why did I raise you and why did I put you to school by my mother, at that time I was around 6 or 7 years old.
And it's also at that time suicide come to my mind but was too scared to do it.
At that time at school I had 1 or 2 friends that helped me a lot, since it makes me forget about everything at home. When my mother said I will have a little brother, I felt joy and I really hated myself for that because I thought that will have someone to share the pain, and I felt disgusted at myself, but I was wrong when he was born, they smiled, they smiled at my just born brother and then they started to care about me. I hated it, I hated them and my own brother, why did they changed so suddenly, why do they started to show a little care about me, why after he was born!!! Was I not worth a little bit of care before he was born?! Am I a stupid worthless mistake that you guys made in the past!?
So I started to shut myself, stopped playing with my friends always having a fake ass smile, showing that everything is good nothings wrong in my fucking life but when there no one, when I'm alone walking in the street way home from school I stop smiling, have a cold expression saying don't talk to me, don't bother me and mostly don't waste your time on me I'm just a worthless human being that no one even care.
My parents divorced, I started to live with my mother and brother, I forgave my mom, tried to smile for real but can't, I don't find joy in life anymore, wasted my childhood, my friends are not even true friends they talk to me because I buy them things, because only then I felt that having someone to talk to even if they don't care feel somewhat good, even if they makes fun of me behind my back when I can hear them.
And here now in my last year of high school, still 0 true friends no one to really talk to, no one really know me, the people in high school I don't even know if we can call ourselves friends since besides in school we don't really talks, and my mom by herself she support me and my brother, I'm thinking that after high school to work my ass off to death to repay her of everything she done for me in my last years when she start to care for me, I'm thinking of working for 10years to death without even using my salary for me but saving all those money for her then I'll end everything by killing myself with that I may start to think I can be at least useful

Thank you kind stranger if you have read everything I wrote and sorry to waste your time like that, since I don't really have a friend to talk to, I decided to write it here.