Just 1 little trigger pull and all the pain will go awayI've been in different stages of suicidal since I was 15. Now it's coming to shit or get off the pot time. I'm broken, unloveable, not good enough and worthless. 
I'm alone again, the latest gf ran like the wind after just 2 months. She tried to help but I'm unhelpable. I want to get better but the negativity that has haunted me my whole life just keeps going. I've tried religion, meditation, chemical distractions. Nothing stops the feeling ill just never be good enough. 
So here I sit, loaded gun by my side, knowing if I cock it and put it in my mouth all the pain will just go away. So why haven't I pulled the trigger yet? Why am I getting up to go to work another day? 
I emptied the gun last night and did a "dry run" to see how hard it would be. It was surprising easy to pull the trigger. I've figured the position the gun needs to be in my mouth. I've written 1 note so far. Guess I should write 1 more. They are saved as notes right now to be copied and pasted right before. 
I worry about my animals, they will be taken care of I'm sure. I just worry about them being sent to a shelter. 
 I wish I knew how to be better, how to be good enough, love able. I just don't  everyone says to love yourself. How do you do that? 
I've been doing the slow suicide for years, no seatbelt ( better chance in being killed in a car wreck) smoking hopefully to get cancer. It's not working
I feel jealous of people who actually get to die. I wish I could be them. They probably had great lives, I on the other hand have a shitty life and really want to go. Why am I forced to be kept on this earth? A few years back I tried pills, I failed obviously. Just another thing I failed at. Every time I drive by a barrier I think of just hitting the gas and hitting it, but I don't. 
Just 1 little pull of the trigger. A slight tug. What will my family think? Will they blame my last gf? It's not her fault. I've made sure she know the pain I feel. So she won't blame herself. This is no ones fault. Just mine and my mind. 
Just 1 little pull. 