17 painful years (long read)Hello Reddit. I'm posting here in hopes that I can express myself to someone who actually cares about what I have to say.

In summary, I am a 17-year-old male with Asperger's Syndrome and severe social anxiety who has no friends, emotionally tormented by my father as a child, endless years of bullying from classmates, lives in a remote country town far away from civilization, unemployed, single, anorexic, sits on his computer all day every day ever since I left school a few months ago. How much worse could it get? My birth was a mistake, and I am very embarrassed to admit that I was born to a 17-year-old "mother". I live with my currently single mother and we argue a lot, she has anger problems and only seems to care about having a boyfriend, her job, and cigarettes. I've told her in the past that I care about her (and how I wish she could stop smoking), but she has to justify that she is "always right", and doesn't care about what I have to say in this life. My mother currently works 5 days a week and I am left at home all day everyday wasting my life in my dark, empty bedroom doing nothing. It doesn't help when I live in one of the most isolated shitholes on Earth either. It's not like I can just go out for the day and have fun like everyone else does in the cities. I have lived here my whole life and I have done everything I can here.

As for my father, I am forced to see him every weekend. To this very day, he continues to ridicule, belittle, and embarrass me like it's all a big game to him. He is a racist, sexist, homophobic bully who worships Adolf Hitler and Nazism (I'm not making this up), and used to be a violent alcoholic in the first 10 years of my life; and frequently abused my mother and me. For example, when I was 7-years-old he threw a chair into the wall and yelled that I was "useless"! He has always told me that Hitler was "a hero" and I have always feared him, I have no trust in my father. Fast forward to today, and he constantly nags me about why I am still single, and insists that I must be "gay" because of this. My father's side of the family joins in on this abuse. It is the worst at social gatherings, where I get called ridiculous names instead of being loved like a normal boy should.

At school, I have never been given a chance to be accepted among my peers. I had very few friends in my school life, and a few acquaintances, all of which turned out to be assholes. The bullying was horrific. I have been called "faggot", "pussy", "assburgers", "retard" for as long as I can remember, and sometimes I have even been physically abused. I was strangled using a chain by another student in 2009, which I survived (unfortunately), and the kid who did it to me got involved with law enforcement after this incident. I was also nearly drowned in 2010 by a kid on a holiday who held me under the water just because he "felt like it". I was always the last kid to be picked in sports class (one time I was picked over a kid with down syndrome, how miserable is that?) I was forced to sit under a tree near the edge of the school property and eat my lunch all alone in elementary school. In high school I always ate in the toilet cubicles.

As for relationships with female students, I have been cast-out and rejected by dozens of women who see me as "inferior" (This year a girl refused to date me after she found out I had Asperger's). I got angry at one girl a few months ago that got me in trouble with the police. I had decided that I had enough of the bullying and rejection and I lashed out at her face-to-face. Once she laughed at me, I threw her onto the floor, and as a result I have been charged with a restraining order. Ever since that incident I have wanted to commit suicide so I can start my life over again and escape from the mistakes I have made and the miseries that I have been forced through since my birth.

I have fantasized for years about how I could get revenge on everyone who has made my life Hell. I wish I could throw the 17 years of shit right back at them all, I think they deserve it. I didn't have a choice in being here, and it's not my fault I have been treated like rubbish in every waking moment. Up until a few months ago, I have done nothing to deserve this torturous hell of a life. I'd honestly be better off dead than go through another day of my life. I honestly doubt anyone would care if I died, sure they might be disappointed, but I'd be very surprised if they cared for any longer than a month-or-so before moving on.

At this point in life I am spending every single waking moment in my dark bedroom on my computer crying to myself just waiting to die. I don't eat much anymore, I don't sleep much anymore, I haven't spoken to my mother in about 2 weeks (despite living under the same roof as each other), and I haven't left my bedroom in about 3 months. My mind is mentally scarred by the memories and events of my past, and those nightmares will be with me forever. I actually can't believe I haven't killed myself earlier than this.

Reddit, I'm counting on you. I plan on ending my life before Christmas this year. The next month might be my last, and I am giving myself one more chance to see if things can turn around. Please, I can't take this misery and torment any longer. I am literally in tears as I am writing this, all I've ever wanted is to be truly loved and accepted like a normal child.

There's no need to panic, I plan on holding onto life for at least a few more weeks to see if Reddit has anything to offer for my sad excuse of a life, so I'm not in immediate danger at the moment...

