Attempted suicide, lived and diagnosed Bipolar II.  Repost from r/bipolarI posted this in bipolar but thought it could do some good here.  I survived a suicide attempt.  The consequences have been pretty awful for me.  My family is going through even worse.  

I guess the title says it all.  I've been dealing with depression for years now and decided not to address it.  I thought I was bigger, stronger, and more capable than giving in to that darkness.  Twelve years after it started, I cracked.  The right combination of stress, self pity, and loneliness created a perfect storm for the events of that night.  I don't want go get into the details of what I did but suffice it to say, I'm a very lucky guy.

I went to the emergency room.  They fixed me up.  They admitted me to a mental health facility and made it clear I would be there for a couple days.  That little stay is a story in itself and I won't get into a lot of the details....but it wasn't fun.  I met with a doctor, gave her my history and she quickly diagnosed me with Bipolar II.  She said it was pretty clear.  

I was at a loss.  I had never even heard of it.  Guys, the pamphlet alone made me lose it.  I've never cried like that.  I was devastated, relieved, thankful to be alive, horrified at what I had done, embarrassed, curious, and everything in between.  I think I felt every emotion in the same 30 seconds.  

That was six days ago.  I've been released from the hospital and am spending some time at my parents house.  All of my family had learned of what happened within 24 hours of the initial event and were of course devastated.  Those several phone calls I made after getting out were the most difficult of my life.  A couple siblings, my mom (rents are divorced and remarried), and a couple friends.  I can't describe the emotion of having to do that.  I was so happy to talk to them and was so full of shame having to describe what I did.  I realize that I'm depressed; that there were mitigating factors; that I'm not in a healthy place and need help.  But still.  Call your mother and tell her you tried to end your own life.  I can promise you it will be the hardest thing you ever do, regardless of the context.  

Right now I'm safe and oddly optimistic about the future.  It's like something in my brain reset.  I realize this is brand new and I'm likely just in shock.  I've got a long, hard road ahead.  And that's why I'm writing.  I don't know what to expect.  If anyone else has survived a suicide attempt, can you please shed a little light on what I can look forward to?  Anyone out there with Bipolar II that can give some insights?

I've been prescribed Lithium and Wellbutrin.  I've read that it's an odd mix but my Doctor seemed confident and my step-mother, a psychologist, seems to think it'll be okay as well.  I understand that getting meds right is a sometimes long, difficult road, but I've accepted that.  

-Note:  I know everyone says it, but suicide is not an answer.  I'm a hypocrite for saying so.  I'd rather be alive and a hypocrite than the alternative.  The last six days have been made unbelievably hard because I have to look people in the eye that I love and explain what I did.  They're incredibly supportive and it's still awful.  I always use to fantasize about what my funeral would look like...what people would say....how sad they'd be.  Now I know.  And it's awful.  

Please.  There's nothing wrong with asking for help.