Lost and confusedTL;DR: a vent that might not make sense about surprisingly making it to 18, several suicide attempts, severe depression &amp; suicidal ideation

So.. where do I start?

Well. I made it to 18 last month (honestly shocking since I didn’t think I’d be alive once 2018 ended) and I made it to 2019. I was diagnosed with depression back in middle school and it’s only getting worse. I’ve had a few suicide attempts, most of which were trying to overdose on Zoloft/Lexapro (fun fact: that shit clearly doesn’t kill you and Lexapro is a bitch to overdose on, it’s not fun). Honestly, I didn’t think I’d make it to where I am now. I remember the hospital stays, the attempts, the nights I stayed up feeling so anxious or depressed and breaking down. I wanted to die so badly. I cut and pushed people away. I had no hope in getting better. I tried to kill myself again towards the end of 2017 but that didn’t work either, only made me feel even more like shit. Fast forward to early 2018. Finally started to feel better and left an abusive/toxic 2 year relationship. I was hoping things wouldn’t be as bad as they were before. Guess who’s hopes were crushed! Me. Halfway through 2018 I got sucked back into an abyss of depression and suicidal ideation. I’ve tried to talk with a therapist, I’ve tried to get in contact with a psychiatrist (gave up on both since we can’t find a psychiatrist that’ll accept our insurance and I had a really bad experience with my last therapist). My parents almost got a divorce, which in all honesty I wish would’ve happened—my dad’s one hell of an abusive parent. I lost all hope again. I tried to kill myself again but it didn’t work and my depression got a lot worse after that. I was sure I wasn’t gonna make it to finish the first semester of senior year. I’m not sure how I did it but I managed to pull through and here I am now! 4 months away from graduating but I’m still getting worse.  I don’t know if I’ll be walking with my friends, I don’t know if I’ll be in that stupid red cap and gown. Will I make it? Probably not. If you’ve made it to this point of my vent, congrats! I have no idea what the mess is above me. I’m not sure if this is a cry for help because I’m constantly thinking about killing myself, no plan or anything, just wanna die y’know? These thoughts scare me a little and sometimes I wish I didn’t even exist cause I’m tired of feeling this way. Feeling depressed, anxious, numb, etc. I’m lost and confused. Why do we have to fucking deal with things like depression and suicide?