My suicidal thoughts are back and I don't know if I have the mental strength to keep fighting them.I have a long history with suicide ideation and being suicidal, but I thought I was doing ok. I'm 24 now (25 in November) and up until recently, it had been a few years since I'd found myself having frequent/reoccurring suicidal thoughts. 

I'm a broken person. I have terrible emotion control and management (it's way better than when I was a teenager, but still pretty bad). I can fuck up things and relationships (both romantic and platonic) that I truly care about in what feels like an instant. And then it's just over. My resilience used to be impressive; I've rebounded from screwups so many times that I have no trouble acknowledging that, yeah, I will get through this (whatever "this" is at a given moment) and eventually be ok. 

But I've slowly but surely grown tired of the cycle. It's worn me down. Because now I know that every time I pick myself up and put myself together again, it's just a matter of time before I fuck something up again and spiral back down into a black pit of emotions and obsessive thoughts that I can't seem to control, no matter what I do. There's usually a hefty dose of regret thrown in there, too. 

And I've grown numb. I used to cry so easily, but I've been trying to make myself cry for the past two weeks (I feel like a good cry would be therapeutic) and the tears just aren't coming. 

All of this makes me really concerned that I've been thinking nearly every day for the past two weeks about how much easier it would be for everyone if I just went and killed myself. Because I don't know if I still have the resilience to fight back anymore. And if I do have it this time, it's only going to wear me down more, and who knows what's going to happen next time...

In all reality, the things I screw up aren't that significant. (Edit: Well, I try to convince myself of that. Lost friends, failed relationships, no direction in life, etc. I am lucky that drugs don't interest me much, but alcohol is a vice that always screws me over.) But I've never been mentally very strong and I don't have much of a support system. I used to try to talk to friends about this stuff, but the obsessive nature of my brain turns me into what they call a "toxic friend" and I am sick of losing friends. So I guess that's why I'm here. I don't know what to do. 