I can't find/make a reason to keep going anymore.My mom seems to take it as some sort of personal attack on her parenting skills that I hate my life. No mom, you were a perfectly fine parent. Unfortunately when you've fallen into a mental well so deep you can't see the light, it means jack all. I thought it was just SAD spiking my depression and anxiety to new highs since I got on the pills, but no. Even seeing the sun all day, I just can't let myself think I'm happy because "this is what you wanted in winter. In summer, your mood will change", well it fucking hasn't. I have nothing to strive for. Nothing to aspire to be. I live in a backwoods hick-town that I'll never escape. I'm not intelligent. I'm *never* going to be who I wish I was. I'm constantly envious of other people's success to the point that it makes me physically ill. Listening to any sort of music makes me nauseous. My mind is constantly filled with a 24/7 bombardment terror that I'll be kidnapped, tortured, and murdered one day, so I had better just not talk to anyone at all just in case they're murderers, kidnappers, or non-consensual sadists. Fear and anxiety consume every day. Envy consumes every day. I'm just a good-for-nothing idiot narcissist. The idea of going into the workforce again freaks me out so bad it puts me on the edge of an anxiety attack. What kind of 22 year old can't even financially support themself?

You know what? I don't want to fucking live like this. It feels like somebody injected poison directly in my chest or I've got the worst case of food poisoning ever. I can't bear to live like this any longer. And you know what? I've tried to change. Medication adjustments. Therapy. Psychologist. Nothing works. Except the *bad* thing. The *only* thing that relieves me anymore is cutting. For ten years I've cut myself because I can't handle my emotions. There have been a few times where I've considered drinking myself stupid, if that's what it takes to make the feelings go away.

I won't live like this. I refuse. What's the point of living if it's in constant fear? I can't find a reason. I can't make a reason. I can't turn my feelings and fears off, no matter how much I talk or write or drink or cut. It just comes back the next day, just as strong. So. If suicide's the thing that it takes to make it turn off, I'll do it. 

I just want it to stop.