I'm fucking done with life and it's bullshit.That's it. I've given up. I've given up completely. Now I know some of you are thinking "keep living" "it'll get better one day" "you can't give up" "you'll go to hell if you die" "God is testing your love for him don't give up on God" "life will get better" "reach out for help" blah blah blah. I've heard it all before. And it hasn't changed shit. I'm an 18 year old girl, and I'll never get to see the rest of life. It's too painful. First, for 13 years if my life, my mom fucked me up with abuse. She loved to call me names like a bitch, asshole, mother fuckerm retard, dumb, etc. She told me to kill myself so many times. Looking back I should have done it. Also my dad would sit back and watch everything, like it was a fucking comedy show. Never did anything. Even told me recently that I look good for a child that got abused and that I'm a liar. Thanks a lot dad 😊! I guess you'll be happy I'm dead too. And my moms abuse didn't stop there. She'd also beat me with belts till I screamed for her to stop. Bee kicking me down flights of stairs, telling my not to tell anyone so she won't go to jail, playing psychological mind games, saying sorry but then abusing me again. Sometimes shed smile when abusing me. And people I did tell, would tell that I have to keep loving her cause she's my mother. At the age of thirteen, I developed major depression. Everday I wanted to kill myself. Mixed with being bullied at school, I was pushed to kill myself many times. Back in May, I put on a social media site (Vent) that I was gonna kill my self by overdosing. A friend who saw it called the police, where I was put in psychward for 2 weeks. When I got discharged I got to stay with my aunt and grandma. I'm still with them now, and although their loving and don't abuse me, they get angry at me for getting depressed. And I can't vent to my friends, cause they get fed up with me. My family gets fed up with me. I read the bible and pray but that does jack shit. I got bullied on so many other sites so I can't vent anywhere without being attacked, being told to die, or that I'm a selfish bitch who's incapable of help. Every therapist I've been to got upset and angry at me. But it's ok. I need to realize that nobody loves me and never did. And like its cool. I was created to be abused and to be people's punching bags. I had a dream to one day be a manga artists/animator, psychologist, and writer. I have a 3.9 GPA in college for my first 2 semesters already. But it'll never done true. Cause I'll be dead. Maybe I should overdose, jump into train tracks. Something. I'll have to finish up writing up my suicide letter and thinking of ways if suicide that'll bring instant death. I hope to all those that treated me like shit that you'll all be happy I'm dead. I have to remind myself that nobody 
loved me in the first place. Goodbye, if anyone actually cares. Probably nobody does cause, you know, I'm just a fucking punching bag. 
