Not Sure What to DoHello all, where do I begin.

Im 20 years of age , 21 in a month and I am a medical student. However I have reached a crossroads in my life that just deters me from wanting to continue living. So for starters I failed 2 courses in my first year and because of that I am required to repeat the year. I felt so dejected when I hear this. All the work I put in, all the time I spent studying, all gone because I wont be able to continue into the same year as my other friends, and because of how the classes are, I wont get to see them especially when they head of to the hospital. These thoughts just put me in such a bad state of mind.

Then there's my girlfriend who i met when I started medicine. She is in my class or was I guess you could say was. Recently things have been going really badly with us and it has me under alot of stress. 

In addition my parents only know that I failed 1 course. But even so they always tell me a lot of hurtful thing such as I don't deserve to do medicine because I failed a course and that I don't show that I want to do it. Which is so hurtful to hear when I used to literally video call them crying during the semester because of the stress (I study abroad). This goes on constantly and it gets to me. I don't know what they will do if I tell them I failed 2 and have to repeat the year. I've always loved medicine and I am great at the practicals, just those 2 courses were really rough for me. But it's just that they never seems to understand what I go through even though I am always telling them. This has always been something that has happened throughout my life with them.

With all these thoughts running in my head I just want to end my life. I don't want to disappoint my parents or my family anymore as they've done so much for me especially with paying my school fees. I just keep thinking about my little brother. He's 8 years old and means the world to me. He always looks up to me and I just don't want him to grow up without me as we have such a strong bond. I just fear what my parents will say/do to me if I tell them this. I've considered many method such as taking pills or hanging myself but I'm just so unsure about everything. I must make a decision soon as the semester is in a meer 2 weeks. Thanks for listening to my story. I may have left out some things along the way but the more I type the more I feel just to be done with everything.