Are teens like me, meant to feel abused and depressed ?I want to kill myself. I’m turning 16 in September. I’ve lived a very fortunate life, and I'm grateful for all that I’ve been blessed with. Since my early childhood, I’ve been bullied by numerous people. Then, at 12 years old, my dad and mom started to physically and emotionally abuse me. Now, at 15 years old, I’m going to start school very soon again. This year, 5th/junior year, I don’t want to wear a hijab. I’ve been bullied and outcasted for so long that I just want to fit in. I don’t have any friends, no one likes me and rightfully so. I just want to be able to not cover my hair, just for the last, two school years of my life before uni. I know it’ll boost my confidence and make me feel like myself if I didn’t wear it. Truth be told, I’m secretly not religious and an atheist, but I really do respect Islam a lot. I told my parents that I don’t want to wear the headscarf, but they lashed out. My mom screamed at me for hours and then my dad beat me up when I tried to logically reason with him. I dress extremely modestly and never show my body, nor do I have the intentions to. I just want to be able to let my hair be free, since I’ll be wearing a school uniform. I feel so alone and that no one ever understands me. I have a ‘bad-guy’ reputation, where everyone in my life blames me for everything. I feel so empty. I tried to call childline three times over the year, but each time, I got so scared and hung up before I spoke. I have no one, I’ve only ever comforted myself. I don’t want to self-diagnose or seem like an ‘attention-whore’ either, but I’ve felt depressed for three years now. Nothing in my life is worth living for, not even music. Music was the only reason I didn’t kill myself years ago, it’s the only thing that ever helped me, the only hope I ever had. Now, everything feels so numb to me; I can hardly feel anything but irritability/anger or an emptying sadness. I’m tired of crying myself to sleep constantly. I’m so foolish to think that I could have a good future, all I’ve ever dreamed of is happiness. This is my last resort and then I’ll kill myself by OD’ing on over-the-counter painkillers; can someone give me advice ?

( Please don’t say anything islamaphobic).