Need someone to talk to, x-post with r/depressionI need help.  Someone to talk to, or help me vent, something.  I moved to this new city, where I know nobody.  My wife and I both came here.  I was already depressed.

She was literally my world.  Even now, five months after we split, I'm desperately in love with her and don't know what to do.  But I hate her.  Kind of.  She had an affair.  Emotional for sure, possibly physical.  Especially with out it played out, I believe it was physical.  I've had a fairly rough life, with an abusive step-father, drug-addled mother, and growing up on my own as a lower class family on welfare.  I'm doing alright for myself, but I know nobody. 

I've always been a loner, because I grew up with one friend.  I confided everything in him, and he was all the support I needed.  Just the one person.  When I met my wife, I joined the military and we moved away.  She became everything to me.  I didn't need other friends (serious ones, I had work friends and the casual hang out friend), so when we moved away to this new town I once again knew nobody.

However, once we got here, we started growing distant.  She met this guy, started hanging out with him, and that was it.  She started going on dates, even spent my fucking birthday on a date with him, showing up past 5pm with gifts I specifically said I hadn't wanted (Fallout 4, had no interest in game) and having bailed on the one thing I wanted, that we always did (going out to dinner together; she ate with him).  

A bunch of other shit happened, I finally broke up with her.  I was scared, desperate, and lonely.  I took too long breaking up with her, and she just hurt me more and more.  I finally had to plan my own break up, because every time I tried previously, she'd sweet talk me back into staying.  How it would work out, etc.  So I actually plan my own break up.   Wasn't that a fun fucking weekend.

Now, it's months later, and I feel like I'm falling apart.  I've spent essentially four months completely alone.  I don't know anybody here.  I'm not on speaking terms with any of my family.  I cut ties with that original friend years ago because he took a bad path in life and was a terrible influence.  I just *don't know what to do*, and I'm scared because I feel like everything is falling apart.  And it hurts.  and I'm *scared*, because I can't control myself, or my thoughts, or anything.  