This is my story. Maybe it'll help you out.Well, you people seem nice and I feel as though I owe people for telling me their story. Well, here it is.

To start off with, it's important to know I wasn't like the other kids in multiple ways, or at least not normal. I was ADHD, an insomniac, extremely sympathetic, Dyslexic (but enjoyed reading), Mormon, and I was genetically depressed. All these things made me stand apart in the crowd one way or another, and they do have some importance later in the story. 
Anyway, the place to start would be Elementary school. To be quite frank, it SUCKED. I grew up around a father who blew up at everything around him when things didn't exactly go his way and that was the way I began to develop as well. (Although as time went on, I learned this isn't how friends were made and tried my best to be non-confrontational)The Dyslexia put me at a disadvantage in English courses and my ADHD made it hard to focus on class work. I was also very prone to panic attacks and when they would occur, I would sob and panic. All these things made me targeted for bullying. This included (but not limited to) when their bus would drive by, people would lean out their window, flip me off, cuss me out, and so on as I walked home. People followed me home to insult me because the time they had in class wasn't sufficient enough. Kids crowded around me to force a panic attack and then laugh at me as I sobbed and tried my best to suppress my anger. The teachers didn't give a crap, they let it happen right in front of them. When they found out I dreaded crowds, the kids would crowd around me yelling insults at me even more often. My 'friends' insulted me daily and as they put it "Take nothing we say personal. We're gonna act like jerks to you because we want to stay cool. Being friends with you just isn't cool..."

This was my life I had at Elementary school. I had few real friends (and by real, I mean those who weren't assigned by teachers to be my friends or bullied me to tears).
One day in 4th grade, I snapped back and insulted them for the first time. I thought standing up for myself would make things better, you know, like on TV. Nope. It just justified their cause of insulting me even more. Every bit of bullying increased in volume. More forcing of panic attacks, more cursing, more pushing me around, ect. At age 9, I became extremely suicidal from the constant onslaught of torment. My first ill attempt was to drown myself by knocking myself unconscious by banging my head against the bathroom wall. Long story short, I cleaned up the blood on the wall from repeatedly banging my head against it and reported for bed, not sleeping for hours as was normal for me. (I normally slept for 3 hours a day due to my insomnia. I tried taking medication for it, but that gave me extreme nightmares. Not the normal stuff like "A clown with a knife is chasing me!" but instead "I'm watching all my friends being tortured, raped, and killed in front of me." The later still had an effect on me, even though I didn't have many friends.) This was just the beginning. 
4th grade was also the first grade I got beat up in. Kids I didn't even know followed me home and beat the crap out of me. Kicked me so hard in the jaw I nearly bit my tongue off. Believe it or not, this actually wasn't the worst either.  The rest of 5th grade was basically a repeat of 4th grade in terms of how much I was tortured. Luckily for me, I began to conquer my dyslexia and was able to begin to do well in my classes. Mid year of 5th grade, people shoved me against a barbed wire fence and drug me across it, leaving long scars. When I picked myself off that barbed wire fence, I vowed to be better. I wanted to prove not only to myself that I could be a better person, but to be a better person than the people who made my life a living hell. For the years following, I kept to myself. Speaking quietly and minding my manners. I still wore a shirt when I entered places like pools because I didn't want people to see the long, jagged scars across my back. I was getting better, but very slowly at that.

For the sake of your shortened attention span, I'm going to list some of the other crap I dept with in a list. I was pushed around (not close to the extent of what the two times I was beat up), followed some more, insulted some more, framed for sexual harassment, and more I don't feel comfortable sharing on the internet even today. 

In middle school, I thought things would get better if I joined football. I thought people would respect me if I got on the team and I hoped that I would gain friends on the team. Comrades in arms, yeah? The latter was true, I did gain some friends that I'm still buds with today. The former wasn't even close to true. In all honesty, I sucked. I wasn't fast, I couldn't catch what was thrown at me, and in general, I was one of the smallest kids on the team. Those two years of middle school football included me being humped in the head, forcefully teabagged, cussed out, insulted, and blah blah blah. I left football with less respect and even more suicidal.

What was happening at home was just as bad. My dad has a firm belief that the only way to control his family is through fear. After I had my surgery on my adenoids, my dad would pinch my nose, therefore giving me a nose bleed in order to punish me. He seldom made contact in the later years of my existence, but instead found a much more effective route: Emotionally abusing everyone. He talked down everyone. He insulted all of us on a daily basis. If we didn't play the same board game with him twice a day, he would lecture you for 3 hours about how we were putting him in an early grave and how when he kills himself, it would be all our fault. That and more made up life at home. (He confessed to an addiction to inappropriate pictures because "Your mother isn't affectionate enough.")   

This, plus other things I'm not mentioning for the sake of length, left me shy, sick, and dreading human contact. People at church even insulted me. I wanted to die, so much. The constant onslaught of bullying put so much stress on me, I'm still dealing with medical disorders 7 years later.

Luckily for me, highschool was a godsend. There were lots of good kids in the advanced programs I took despite my learning disorders and managing to keep ahead of the people who would insult me. Talking to people consisted of rambling that people thought was funny, but in the good way. I found a good way to talk to people was through jokes, puns, and such. I was able to find a group of friends I could be with.  Things began to turn up for me. Despite all this, I still felt suicidal. Since 4th grade, I've had 5 attempts, each failing. I really wanted to continue with life, but I had a constant fear hanging over my head... that things would return to the way they were in elementary and middle school. I still had intense nightmares plague my nights... It was hard to just get up, despite the fact that things were beginning to turn up. Looking back, the reason was simple: Guilt. I have an excellent memory. It helps me gain knowledge and remember important things, but at a price. I remember every mistake I've made and everything people put me through. It piled on and on, making everything a chore to do. I couldn't take those burdens. 
So, I did something unexpected of me. I started to date someone. Let me explain why it was unexpected. I was 15 and a die-hard Mormon boy. It was a no-no to date before 16, but I had felt that my cause was okay -for a moment that I didn't want to kill myself-. This, of course, all backfired. I found out later that this girl I liked so very much was just using me because her boyfriend broke up with her a week before and just wanted someone to go to homecoming with, but played it on to make me think we were boyfriend and girlfriend. Feeling heartbroken, disgusting (due to the fact that I broke the Mormon rules), and defeated, I went back to being suicidal. (I also haven't had a crush since the fiasco with the previous girl.)

Throughout all of this, I stayed alive for one reason and that was so my life wouldn't end in vain and so I wouldn't hurt the people I love. I learned from my mistakes and helped people out when they experienced the same. I live for my friends. So that they wouldn't have to face the pain I had to alone. I promised to always stick with them, to help them with every bump in the road called life. I want to help people. I used that to anchor myself to this life. 

I know it's all jumbled and kinda written suckily but the moral of the story is that I'm here for ya'll. I know your pain and I know how much it hurts. I stayed alive to help people like you. 

And if I got over being suicidal, you can too. 
If you need anything cleared up (Because I know this is written with the finesse of a mediocre student), just PM me. 

PM me if any of you need help, okay?  