It's like I'm an extra in the world's shittiest movie.I'm very, very miserable right now. I'm 19 years old. I have been diagnosed with bipolar type 1. I think I'm currently in a mixed state, or just a particularly agitated depression, but it's really taking a toll.

I'm so exhausted with doing this. The push and pull of how I feel, and the extremely boring and detached life I lead. 

Like I said in the title, it feels like my life is tantamount to being an extra in an extremely bland movie. I'm extremely lonely. I'm heavily detached from the world around me.

I'm somebody with a cold and aloof exterior since I'm so introverted and nervous around people, but I'm not at all cold toward others once I get to know them. I think I'm pretty warm-hearted overall. I've been making an effort to find connections for years. 

I've fallen into what appears to me to be a consistent pattern. I can make friends. I can find people who might find me funny or smart or nice. I can meet people who trust me - even people who really seem to trust me. But every time, without fail, there's always somebody they care much more about in their lives. I'm never part of the 'starring cast', so to speak - an extra, like I said. I'm just an auxiliary friend who they may like and/or trust, but who doesn't really hold significant value to them beyond venting. I've had this time and time again. People trust me, and all they want to talk about is this person, or they say that they like spending time with me 'when that person isn't around', or they say nice things to me but they say much nicer things to the person over there. Only the weakest concern has been expressed towards me by any of the people I've known, despite me expressing my difficulties to them numerous times because I thought the trust might be mutual. I've had some of them tell me to kill myself. I've had some tell me to my face they liked other people better. And so on. 

Nobody's ever really cared about me. You know how people harp on about their best friends, or how many of you have a 'close circle' in mind when you think about your friends? I've been made to believe again and again that I've never been that to anybody. I've always just essentially been a polite, trustworthy disposable friend with nothing but utility to other people. And I try to make friends with people, and care about the things they say and interact with them - I put in the effort. But it's not enough. Which leads me to conclude that I'm destined to be landing parts as an 'extra' for the rest of my life.

I'm a second year at university. I'm not enjoying it at all. I don't like the classes. I have no friends there whatsoever. I'm extremely introverted and my interests are a bit alien from a lot of other people's interests. I have no other real life friends. I have a couple of acquaintances who live in the city, but they've all expressed that other people are their best friends or close friends (without me asking, mind you - they say these things innocently, again because they see me as trustworthy). My other friends are all online. I talk to some of them daily, but again, I just end up feeling worthless and feeling auxiliary. I don't know if it's distorted or not. I know part of it is paranoia, feeling like people are mocking me, but I think another part of it is just my deep-seated knowledge that I'm insignificant. 

I'm so extremely lonely and miserable. I try my hardest to be polite and kind. I'm trying to survive the bipolar (mine is chronic, so the 'this feeling will pass' stuff doesn't apply to me) while waiting on a psychiatrist and medication and a clinical psychologist who can actually do therapy, all while trying to survive at university where I'm not enjoying myself with zero real life friends and a cast of friends I interact with online who I doubt give a shit at all. I'm trying my hardest, and I do decently overall not whining, considering how difficult this has been for me for years.

It's not that I don't want to be seen as trustworthy, or as nice, or funny, or whatever positive perceptions I'm willing to grant people seem to have of me. It's just that those are all I get. Nobody really cares on a deep level. I'm not really significant. I'm not a major player ('main cast member')in anybody's lives. I don't have anything enjoyable to do with my life. It's been an inert slog for years. I have no support. I'm so tired of being this miserable and lonely. Not even one person really deeply cares about me or loves me. I'm just a secondary, disposable character in this shitty movie, and the disposable characters are the ones who die off the most. I'm just left wondering - why not me?