Girlfriend is suicidal, refuses to seek professional help and is now pushing me awayFirst off sorry If some thing I say don't make much grammatical sense, english is not my first language.

About a month ago I noticed some changes in my girlfriends behavior, it started with little things like her becoming a bit more negative or just being lost in her own thoughts, at first I didn't pay much attention to it since "Everyone has rough patches" right? but then it turned into sudden mood swings, and her just cutting all contact with me for an entire days, saying she was "Just busy". 

Last week she disappeared again and I got mad and asked her why, she's always had difficulty talking about her problems but I could tell something big was going on and why didn't she just tell me, I asked her why she was pushing me away. That's when she sent me this text (I'll translate it)

"I tend to push away people when I just can't deal with myself, when I don't want to be here anymore and I want people to get used to me not being there, so they don't feel it. I know I've been acting weird for a while, If I'm close I just cause you harm and if I'm away I do it too, so I'm at a point where I don't know what will happen to me, I don't want to be here, I don't want to be anywhere. I just want to disappear and let it end"

She's always had problems with anxiety, family abuse, eating disorders and even sexual abuse, but this was the first time she told me she wanted to commit suicide.

I immediately called her and asked why, but she refused to tell me so then I asked if she was planning on doing it soon but she refused to tell me. I begged her not to do it because it would devastate me and the people around her but she would just dismiss it saying things like "You'll forget, everyone will" and "You'll get over me, I'll become a memory and you'll love someone else within a year"  And of course my ego took a pretty big hit so I acted emotionally (Which I know was a mistake) and just made thing worse. I asked if I wasn't enough and that it wasn't fair for herself and for me, She in turn told me that I was being selfish "It's my life and you can't force me to stay if I don't want to, I don't have to feel guilty" 

I then begged her to seek help, I told her I could be there for her and even go with her if she wants to and that she needed help and she'd just say "I don't want help" or "You shouldn't help me" and with every word of resignation I just grew sadder and angrier. 

I then told her again that life was precious and that she couldn't just give up like this, that she owed herself to try and to get better because the world offers so much. I said living was hard yet so much more worth it than just dying, dying was easy and she just laughed and responded "Not as easy as  you think" and started making all these twisted jokes about it...and it completely broke my heart because it just made me realize that she had really given up and there was almost no doubt in her. And I didn't know what to do.

So I just said I didn't care if she had given up, I wouldn't. And no matter what she did I'd still be here. 

That's when she broke up with me. She didn't cry, she didn't even hesitate. She just said "Then I think we should break up" and after a moment of silence I hung up.

A day later she sent me a text saying it was for the best and that she was sure I'd find someone who loved me just as much as she did and wouldn't bring me so much pain. 

And now I don't know what to do, I didn't know she felt this way and can't help but to feel guilty, what if I made things worse? What if she was expecting me to beg her to not break up and by hanging up I proved her right? How do I help someone who doesn't want to be helped? Can I change her mind? Should I even try?

Throughout our relationship she mentioned to me many times that she feelt ike a burden because of all her issues and that she didn't want to drag me down with her but I always assured her that wasn't the case, that none of those things have ever made me see her as a "Lesser being" or "Not worth my time" I love her and I want to be with her and help her. Now I realize those little comments were clear signs but at the time I couldn't see them.

I'm emotionally drained and left with this aching feeling that one day I am going to wake up and she won't be there. And I feel like I would blame myself for giving up on her. 

I don't want to give up but if she goes to this length to get me to do it, what am I supposed to do?