i'm really confusedhi. i'm a 14 year old girl. i've lived in the philippines for a while, but left when I was 7. back then, i didn't really worry about 'how-to-socialize' because everyone around me was used to my odd way of speaking. here it is different. i now have developed a social anxiety, only 2 teachers actually remember my name because of how terrified i am of talking. i am constantly lonely. i've talked to my mom about moving back but she says that integrity is hard to find there, especially when you are a nurse or something that had a close connection to the federal government (lots of corruption). for about 3 years, i've had thoughts about dying. the first time, was this one time i got in trouble for an 80 on a test. no matter what, my grades couldn't improve, and i felt like they never would. i thought 'if i fell off the top of my house, i wouldn't have to worry about this.' i think then i wasn't really thinking of dying, more like getting seriously injured. then the next year came, and that's when the loneliness really kicked in. i felt like i had no purpose. so me and 2 other classmates did random shit we probably shouldn't have done. got caught and my mom was pissed off. then, i had this want to jump off a cliff. by that time, it was already summer break, and so i had some time to myself. for a while those thoughts went away.
now, i'm constantly thinking about killing myself. i've never self harmed, besides one time i punched myself in the face or gave myself a bunch of paper cuts because i wanted to know what it felt like (does that count? it was curiosity). usually when i'm thinking about it, it's usually something quick. something where i can't have second thoughts like shooting myself. i've also considered poisoning myself, then just going to sleep.
idk i've tried searching stuff up and if i'm just being over dramatic or something. at this point it's so constant that i'm starting to think it's normal but every time i search stuff up the suicide prevention site is the first result which kinda makes me feel like its not?
sorry this was terribly written but i'm laying in my bed thinking about blowing my head off and somehow it doesn't even bother me that much. i just felt like i had to put that out there.