Cant cope with LifeI've been abusing alcohol for a while now. Now im just depressed. My aunt died in a car accident a month ago and it triggered my depression very bad. I'm pretty sure i have a small degree of bipolar disorder for some days I feel like I can do anything and everything. But as of right now I want to die.

My family is kinda broke and my dad would close a big money deal, so if that works out Ill have to pull myself out of this dark place, at least ill be a worthless heir, I have that to look forward to. If it doesnt happen my dad could die, hes old mid 70s old, and this is his life work we are talking about, I pulled some weight on that deal, I think that is also triggering my anxiety. The uncertainty.

Im about to withdraw from the last class befoe getting my degree I just cant write an academic paper, ive failed 3 times already, maybe four times if i dont retire, and then i'd be expelled.  I had a semi-manic episode and wrote something very exciting, turns out its pseudo-scientific. Instead of working on that paper i waste my life on the internet and on TV i just cant deal with life. I wanted to be a lawyer so bad but now I just forgot why I started.  I've been putting my bjj belt around my neck, im really scared i might do it one day. I cant talk to my dad hes very old school and would be so disapoined, my mom does her best, but I resent her, shes a bit narcisistic and her attitudes helped me get to this place.  I mean she told me "your dad is a bum he dreams of his big money deal and does nothing" it scarred me. Also my dad was like the most interesting man in the world. My life is being depressed and getting drunk and making a fool of myself. My family is status obsessed, I drank that kool aid and now i realize im just a normal fellow. But man this depression is killing me.

I'm going to see a therapist today for alcohol abuse. Hopefully I'll get better and if all works out I'll give a shot to being happy. I kind of wanted to vent.

I feel so useless, its a fucking class, a fucking paper, and im paralyzed, affraid of waking up with energy in the morning because I read thats how you get killed, when you have energy you can actually go through with it Im in a bad place, my parents love they dont deserve this, hell i dont deserve this. Im a mess :(