In a bind, need adviceI have never told anyone this and it has taken me nearly a year to post this using a throwaway account.  This is extremely difficult for me to share, but I feel like bomb about to explode. I need help. So here goes:

Over the past 6 years, I have been in  a downward spiral.  It started when I entered college. Those entire four years--the years that were supposed to be the greatest of my life--were absolute agony. Everything aspect of my college life, from class to meeting girls to making friends, there was this voice in the back of my head. A very real voice that said, "Go fuck yourself you piece of shit. You're completely fucked." It sounds absoutely ridiculous, I know. But it got to the point where I literally had to listen to music whenever I was by myself. I had to drown that voice out.

By the end of my sophomore year, I had had enough. Rather than talk to someone about my problems, I decided to run away from them. So I spent a semester abroad in Australia, conviced that it would solve everything. Not surprisingly, it got 10x worse. I never felt so incredibly alone in my life. I couldn't make friends--I didn't even try. I sat alone in my room every night and drank until I forgot what a piece of shit I was. I started cutting myself too. I don't why I did it that first time. It just felt right. It was then that suicide first entered my mind.

Fast forward four years. That voice I mentioned earlier is still there. Headphones don't drown it out anymore. I literally have to talk to myself out loud to drown it out. I know it sounds preposterous, but it honestly feels like there is someone else inside me, gnawing away inch by inch. I feel an overwhelming sense of guilt, shame, and inadequacy when I wake up each morning. I cut myseslf, though only every couple months.  What scares me ( and what led me to post this) is that I think about killing myself all day, every day. I can't focus on anything because I just picture myself hanging from a noose from the ceiling or slumped in a corner with my throat slashed. There have been several instances at work where I have just started bawling spontaneously. I've started drinking a lot more by myself too.  Anything to drown out that voice.

I'm writing this because I have no one else to talk to. I'm too ashamed to tell my family, too embarrassed to tell my friends, and the nature of my job prohibits me from seeking professional help. I'm not going to kill my self tomorrow or next week. But if I don't talk to someone, it is only a matter of time. 

If there's anyone out there I can PM, I would greatly appreciate it.