Not Depressed But Want to Kill Myself Because I'm LazyI'm not depressed, I have nothing to be depressed about, really I should be happy because I am 18 with no responsibility what so ever. I graduated High School about a year ago and have done nothing since, I tell people it's because I don't know what I want to do but in reality it's because I don't want to do anything. I've had two jobs since graduating and both of them only lasted about a month because I just absolutely hate working, as I'm sure everyone does but in all honesty working a full time job is probably my worst nightmare.

I don't know what to do, I've realized the root of my entire problem is I'm probably the laziest motherfucker on this planet and I know that being lazy will get me nowhere in life. I feel like the only option is suicide because I know for a fact I will never be able to hold a job and have enough of an income to support myself, and it's not fair to my parents to have to continue to support me when I am just as capable as anyone else to do it, aside from the fact that I'm a lazy piece of shit. Not only is it not fair to my parents, but it's not fair to my friends either. I don't have any money so when they ask me to do things I usually say no as I can't afford to do it, so then they say they will cover for me. I wouldn't have a problem with that if I could pay them back in a timely manner, but I can't and it could be months before they ever see the money.

I don't feel I'm necessarily suicidal, I'd like to continue to live if I could figure out how to never work a day in my life but I know that's unrealistic. I just feel like suicide is the only option because even if I could get my shit half together it would still be a bad life to live. I feel like an even bigger piece of shit to want to kill myself for such a stupid reason when there are people with real problems. I never open up to my parents because I feel like my problems aren't real and are just everyday things everyone deals with. Not really sure why I'm posting this, mainly wanted a place to get my thoughts out there but maybe subconsciously I just want attention.