Whats the point anymore?I know its a long read. I was hoping venting would help, but not so much.

&amp;#x200B;

Im 23 year old guy, turning 24 in august.

I come from a stable middle class family, and have never really had any financial struggles growing up. My parents were always supportive of me and loved me, but had relatively high expectations of me. They were both successful doctors and had made a respectable name for themselves within the community and within our family. Everything growing up was good, but ive never been happy.

My family was also pretty good, My sister and I were okay, we got along. I didn't get along to well with my dad, but we still cared for each other.. and my mom, my mom was my number 1 in everything. She was the main reason that i wasn't going to commit, but ever since she passed away from cancer, i dont know anymore.

Ive been descriminated against my entire life, for being a muslim in america. Ive been called terrorist, suicide bomber, sand ni\*\*\*\*, and have been told to kill myself many, MANY times. Even my teacher was openly racist against me. 9/11 happened when i was in kindergarten, so yea, basically my whole life. All throughout elementary and middle school i never made any friends, and had created a brick wall to prevent anyone from actually negatively impacting me with their hate. But i didnt realize my own thoughts would eat at me faster than their words.

The primary source of it -my depression, my suicidal thoughts, my zero will to live- is from school.

It began in highschool (from what i remember, maybe earlier). At the age of 14, i began struggling with school. My ideology was, whats the point of this if im never going to use it? But whatever, i stuck t it since i made some lifelong friends and i did fine and graduated with a mediocre GPA  and started college that same summer of 2014..

College came, and everyone says these are the "best years of your life"....

Ever since college began, Ive never felt more alone than i have in my entire life, I rarely made any friends, and the friends i did make all eventually abandoned me. Ive never had a relationship, yet have been led on and had my heart broken countless times. I had my mom that was there for me 24/7, but i was always afraid to tell her how much my heart hurt, it just seemed pointless to tell her, so i just stayed quiet. for years and years i stayed quiet.

In my first year of college, my mother got a cancerous mass, but got it removed and beat cancer the first time. Although it was a win, the recovery was hell and she never really got back to 100% again. Two years later in my third year of college, my mother was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer and fought long and hard for a year and a half, but she didnt make it. For the entire time she had cancer, i had the absolute hardest time in school. I couldnt focus, i couldnt think, and i simply didnt care about anything else knowing that my mom is in pain. I failed numerous classes and was put back quite a bit.

But with my mom having cancer, we talked alot more often since she couldn't work anymore, the time i spent with her skyrocketed and i opened up to her about nearly everything in my life. I even told her how i at one point tried to hang myself.

Opening up to her releived alot of pain, more than you can imagine. But the pain quickly came back.. Every time i saw my mother in pain from chemo or from the variety of tumors, every time i would her her scream in pain, i would completely break down. Everything i did was to ease her pain and to make her happy. EVERYTHING i did, i wouldve swapped places with her without question. And to this day i wish it was me who had cancer instead of her. My mother was an absolute angel and i would've literally taken a bullet for her.

October 17, 2019 at 1:55 am, she passed. And although i was relieved that she wasnt in pain anymore, it hurt like hell. I had promised my mom that i would be strong for my dad and my sister. That i would be the new backbone of the family and hold everything together. I knew it was going to be hard, but ive already sacrificed so much of my happiness, i guess ive gotten used to it.

Months went by and we recovered slowly, I was still struggling with school and work, and still am to this day. I promised my mom that i would graduate and be successful and get married and have a happy life, but im not sure i can anymore.

I was doing good i thought, until this whole covid-19 bullshit came about. It impacted my school since online teaching really isnt for me, but eventually i adapted. I was doing good and all, but whats pushing over the edge now is my professor falsely accusing my of academic misconduct on a final exam that i didnt even do good on (63%). And now because of this, is threatening to report me to the committee and kick me out of school.

I know it seems like a bullshit reason.. to kill myself over a simple fucking test. But whats the point? 6 years of non-stop struggling. Half of which was me trying to overcome the fact that my mom had cancer. All going to waste simply because this professor has it out for me.

So if you see this professor Schmidtmayerova, know that you were the tipping point.

&amp;#x200B;

Ive been discriminated against. and been told to kill myself numerous times,

Ive been alone my entire life and lost the only person i genuinely care about,

Ive felt like a failure for years and years on end

Ive never found love, and not sure i ever will

and i dont see myself ever being successful in the future.

So someone tell me, whats the point?