nothing interestingI’ve been restless, some days and some nights I think I know, but I don’t know. I have come to believe I’m afflicted by many kinds of mental illnesses, drawn to the fact that i would love to be someone great, I’d love to be someone who is successful and one that shares the wealth that comes with. I don’t understand much and I’ve succumbed to a lot of uncharacteristic behaviors, I have lost all interest in education, I exploit my family for my own interests that seem to be reaching no value, I’ve stolen many times, cash behind their backs justifying it for their negligence and lack of attention towards me and it hurts my pride, especially in the circumstance for all that they do for me, they put food on the table, they work all night, they do their best to understand my situation, since we’re a first generation family. I also have great pride in my culture, my parents are Chinese and I would be more than sad and disappointed if I let their expectations down and as I also had expectations to take care of them, but I feel so pressured by my fear, I feel so misunderstood, I feel so guilty, I feel very young and naive, I feel like I probably shouldn’t feel anything, I feel nihilistic all the time. I’ve had a lot of great friends and great memories, my heart falls out when I reminisce about my high school days. I was supposed to graduate a couple months ago but I think I need help? Of course I don’t hold anything against anyone, I hold this grudge against myself for not being able to change, I am stubborn, I am prideful, I won’t let anyone help me, I desire admiration but I don’t seek it for bad intention. I believe I’m talentless, but perhaps I tell myself that as an excuse to let myself fail and be okay with it. I’ve been alone a lot and i escape reality myself and I’m not sure if I’ll be able to recover. I have it a lot in my head that plenty of people have it way worse than I do and that’s of course true but I have no doubt in that the same could be said that it’s because no one cares that all these people have shitty lives. This could be noted as some cry for help but again my head refuses to acknowledge it as so and even writing such is difficult. I also have gone off lots of drugs and alcohol and I’m sure I have years of addiction and I’m only 18 and I’m sure I told myself I wouldn’t be such a degenerate but I didn’t care anymore. I’ve managed to gain somewhat of a sense of humor and I’ve learned to enjoy while it lasted. I have a lot of time to reflect about the past, and to think about the present, and plan for the future. Guess I have been too alone but that’s not the problem is it? My fears have grown far beyond rational and whoever reading this I have more than enough time and energy to explain but I wouldn’t bother, under the belief no one really cares anymore. Life has many choices and many people choose to be bad, fate I believe is what predetermines a life and I’ve come close to taking control of my own and ending it, giving myself the self justice i deserve. And then I’ll just collapse and everything I’ll have left over will crumble to dust and fade away, and humanity will still run its course with the strong still living and the weak being a supplement to those superior. My family, friends and love interest will be more than devastated, I know for sure cause they’d want to know why and the worst feeling probably is to tell them I don’t know or leave them no answer at all. Suicide has always been away from me, but it’s more that i wish I didn’t exist anymore after all my sadness, collectively i can feel all those moments like scars, reminding me like a beating heart. I refute help cause I believe I don’t need any, that I am powerful enough to will myself into a better condition. I don’t tell anyone I’m sad but it doesn’t seem to occur to anyone that I can be so I’m probably doing a good job, right?