I want to stop thinkingLife has been very difficult for me for awhile. Lots of trauma and mental illness. I got out of an emotionally abusive relationship last year and in doing so alienated basically my entire social circle. I went from constantly having someone to play games with or talk to, to going months without any kind of real social interaction. I had never felt so alone in my life. 

I have a new girlfriend now (I'm a bi girl if that's relevant) and she's wonderful. I feel happier most days, but my depression is definitely still there and recently it's been getting worse again. Most days it seems like I'm okay, but once in awhile I just feel like the ground gives out underneath me. I think that the dopamine associated with the early stages of a relationship is beginning to wear off, and that's making my depression stand out a lot more than usual.

I used to want to die because life was too terrible to cope with. Now I'm just... tired. Life is hard and it feels like my brain is a computer that has been running non-stop for over two decades at this point and wants nothing more than to just stop. Consciousness is such a terrible and disorienting experience, and I can't help but just.. want out of it. Someone my girlfriend knows committed suicide recently. I try to be there for her and console her, but it's so hard when I'm in the same sinking ship. And of course being reminded that it's an option isn't conducive to my wellbeing, either.

I struggled with a drug addiction for a little while last year. The thing I really got addicted to was the feeling of blankness - of sweet nothing. I wish there was a way to flip the power switch on my brain for a little while, even for just a few moments of cognitive silence. I would give anything for just a few moments of complete existential silence.

My therapist said she thinks I'm a genius. She seems to have made it her mission to make sure I come out of all this alive, like she thinks I'm going to change the world when I do. I'm on the autism spectrum, and some people might call me a savant. I undoubtedly have a very bright mind, but it's so... tiring. Sometimes I feel like a monkey that opened the pandoras box of intelligence and now I desperately want it shut. I wish I would have been born as something other than human, I've never felt like I belong here very much. 

I dunno, this is just venting I guess. I'm going to try to not be another death on my girlfriend's mind.