Health problems, mom dead, neglectful parents, loserI'm ending it tomorrow. I'm 16 years old, mom died last Christmas of leukemia, I've been diagnosed with a heart disease and mild scoliosis which will progressively get worse until I can no longer stand. Loser in school, don't have any close friends, people make fun of my foreign last name, and a\b average. Just some background: My mom was the only person I could talk to that would listen, understand, and care. Parents were divorced, I live with my dad. She called every day after school to check on me. It got annoying, but now every phone call I get I expect her, but its not. She got mildly sick for an entire month, went to doctor and got put on chemotherapy. They said it was very mild leukemia, and had 90% survival rate. On the second week of chemo she said she felt she will die soon, but I didn't believe her. She was my existence, to me she was immortal. She once told me that the only reason she didn't commit suicide is because she had me, and she collected every penny to save for my college. Told me how she would be ready to pass on when she saw that I finished college and had a family. On December 20th, she got very ill in the morning and got rushed to hospital. I got a call from my aunt (they lived in new York) and my dad rushed from jersey to NYC hospital. The last thing I saw was her falling into cardiac arrest 3 painfully long times, until she was proclaimed dead. I felt like I couldnt stop crying. They gave me her phone and handbag, and that was it. I feel extremely guilty for not telling her how much I loved her and appreciated all the things she did for me. What haunts me more is that she asked me to come over that Friday (she died the next day) and I refused because I wanted to play some stupid video game. Last time I hears her voice was her crying saying that if I don't love her its okay just come so she could give me a shirt she bought. The next day, My aunt told me my mom tried really hard to say something about me but she was half paralyzed so my aunt couldnt understand her. Her funeral was one day before Christmas. Everything seemed so surreal, after the funeral I pulled out my phone and tried calling her. I still call her phone every night just to hear her voice. I prayed to god every day while she was sick so she would get better, one week later it was like a stab in the back. Weird coincidence, that summer when she was still alive, I got a few grey hairs on my front hairline, which I never got before. I have dreams of her from time to time, always the same; I remember her being in the hospital but then I see her in the dream and she tells me she's completely fine, and a wave of relief rushes over me. Then I always wake up and realize what is reality, and I want to hang myself because I can't turn back time.

Tl;dr I just feel void and meaningless, no purpose and guilty. Health is going to shit (I am physically fit, strangers always  ask if I was a swimmer). I'll probably die in my late 30s due to my inherited heart disease, so there is no point in going on with my dreams. I lost faith in god after what happened to my mom, and am tortured by her death. I don't see a purpose to keep going on, so I am writing this so maybe at least one person out there would understand what I went through, because presently I have no one. Farewell reddit