I'm giving upTrigger warning
Hi .. 
before i start talking about everything i want you to know that i'm not an open person at all. 
Everything happens to me, i keep it inside of me, i don't share at all. Because i believe that i'm a strong person and i don't need anyone and no one can help me .. 
and me posting and writing about me right now means i have reached my maximum desperation level. 
Suicide is easier for me than talking about what's on my mind.  But here i am talking ..
I have attempted suicide on 1st April 2018
I hanged myself with the belt and i passed away for few minutes, the house was empty
My brother got home and he managed to save me. 
Before doing this attempt i was thinking all the time in every way that i could have a reason that i'm not seeing to be alive, even after attempting suicide i still think that i should do it again.
To be honest my mom gonna travel in April again and the house gonna be empty and i'm preparing myself for committing suicide again and for the last time. 
The reason is 
I have nothing, no life no help no reason no job no college i can go to 
Really nothing and if you wanna know why and how, it's simple. It's because i live in Iraq. 
I been living in Iraq since the day i was born and that is my curse  
I been trying to leave since the moment i started walking. 
Iraq passport is before the last worst passport in the world. 
Baghdad the capital is the worst city in the world to live in since 2016, i guess. 
There's no chance for me here, i tried and believe me when i say it
I tried everything to leave to run away to work to find new ways 
But there's always a close road for me. I can't find another place to live in 😔
I have no life here. No father. He left us since i was 9 years old. 
When i was 9 i was scared and sad because that happened so i started to listen to English music, basically Eminem and i fell in love with him even tho i don't know what he was saying
So i promised myself to learn the language and understand every song he makes. That's how i speak english now. 
Also it is my curse to be honest because English made me what i am now. 
Open minded guy who thinks and knows many things 
Who knows how stupid and ignorant his community is 
Who knows how everyone around is so dumb and not humans at all because no one here talk about emotions. No one care no one thinks about the other
I learned a lot because of my English language
And i believed when i was a kid 
Me knowing the language and getting better at it will be my ticket out of here. So i kept focusing on it for years 
Every day, every hour in every song.
Till the moment came and i found out that it's not even my ticket and i can't leave because i only speak English 💔
I can't stand spending another year in this place at all. 
I can't be myself 
I can't even do my hobbies and find what i'm really good at because there's no right places for such things here. 
I'm giving up and i don't know
It's the end of the line for me here 
I thought about sharing because i thought maybe nothing is changing because i keep everything inside of me. 
So here i am .. lost and don't know how to live like a human and at a least have a home. 💔