I've become what I had feared I would for my entire life, and none of my formerly preventive thoughts are working.My entire life, I have had one precise fear: ending up like my uncle. That sounds mean, but let me explain: the man is currently 51, and lived with his parents until they literally moved away, just to get him out. To this day he refuses to get a life, he just sits around his house all day, doing nothing, relying on my father and his mother to feed, take care of him, etc. For some reason, as soon as I was old enough to understand this, waaay back, even in grade school, I have had part of me think: *that is me, and there's nothing I can do about it.* Well, I'm finally right.

I have always had a problem with exerting effort. It's like I'll try my damnedest to do something, to the point of my chest aching, and my head hurting, and yet I end up just doing absolutely nothing. I don't understand it, but it's been going on for two decades. I'm twenty fucking years old, and I've never studied, paid attention in class, or actually worked as hard as I could. Meanwhile all I can think about is how I *should* be working, and I just loathe myself.

My father's advice all my life has been to just pull myself up by my bootstraps and work hard. I'm 20, and I live with him still. I ended up just going to the community college down the road. I hadn't ever even applied anywhere else, despite my hardest efforts to care. I desperately want to be independent, but I just can't. Meanwhile, the poor man works 24/7 to support me, my sister, and my brother, and is still paying off my mother's debts.

----


Last week, I finally lost my only friend. That's it. Absolutely gone. I guess she was using me for the last nine months, really. She left her abusive boyfriend and confessed she liked me on the same night. I liked her loads. Long story short, she convinced me it wasn't sleazy after a week of discussing it, I said okay, in the condition that she at least allow herself to feel free to date other men, so I'm at least not that horrible. Next day, she went back to her old boyfriend. Obviously he hated me, spread lies about me, and I lost all my old friends. I didn't bother defending myself, because I was amazed they'd believe I would do the things he claimed. She eventually talked me into still being with her, despite me not exactly loving the situation. It devolved into NINE months of her telling me what he did, me saying that's not okay, making her feel better, etc. I refused to ever go through with any physical relations between us, because of that. I mean, the guy lied, guilted, and otherwise manipulated her all the time, to the point of her hurting herself physically. I felt like I wasn't the issue here. by this point though, she was my only friend, but for the first time in my life, I can say I felt honestly happy, without any invading bad-thoughts on the days we walked together and talked about nonsense. 

She suddenly shifted attitude, becoming someone I didn't recognize. Turns out she found a new guy, who said ONE SENTENCE, "he shouldn't do that to you." And she dropped everything with him, finally.  She said she was leaving me for him, but said it cheerfully, and I was happy, to be honest. I felt a little useless for spending so long failing to do something he did in a sentence, but she was finally not being abused. Buuut suddenly, she became insulting, cold, and remote. I kept asking to talk about it, and she got more aggressive. I felt awful, like I had been used for nearly a year, and she gave me an ultimatium: "get over it" or not be friends. I told her I was unable to be friends unless we had a discussion about my feelings. I offered to just let her talk, and not say a word. Well things ended up stupid, and I obviously embarrassed myself, being me. Now she refuses to talk to me. At all. It's been a full week today, that I've finally quit her.

----


But now I'm fully alone. Truly, truly alone. I can't remember ever being happy before her, and I literally have no future. I tried pouring myself into schoolwork, but I'm doing worse than ever. My GPA is 1.0, there's no way I'm getting financial aid this year, but I *have* to. My only nononline class got dropped today, because I couldn't bear to go into class. Today I watched the class from outside the door, and had trouble breathing. I couldn't do it. So now, I've got one thing in my life, going on outside my room: my 4 hour a week, minimum wage job, across the street. 

I've felt suicidal before, and I've had tricks I've picked up, most specifically setting dates. I would tell myself not to do it when I felt I had to, and wait until tomorrow, when I would feel better, and decide not to. All month I've been doing this, and it's not working. I even gave myself a specific time to decide: august 21, 5:30 PM. Instead of whizzing by, I found myself watching the calendar and the clock, up til the moment. It didn't work. The only thing that kept me from killing myself was the thought of my family being disgusted with me.

I've got no future, nothing will ever get better. It can't. i've made it impossible, i can't do shit. 

I've got no present, there's literally nothing in my life that makes me feel like I am glad to be on this earth

and I've got no past, either. All my life, i told myself I was going through the tough bit, that being college age, and becoming an adult will make me strong,and I could be happy and actually try. Nope. Never happened.

All I do is sit on the internet and try to forget about my life. I am my uncle now. And my 21st birthday is coming up. That's a milestone, and there is no way there will be anyone to realize it. I don't want to live to see that day.



----


Sorry about the length, I guess I thought getting things off my chest would help.