Living for nothingI’ve dealt with depression for almost 10 years now. Never really fitting in wherever I lived. I was the only black kid in many of my classes growing up and always heard remarks about my race or was treated as an outsider. When I got to college it became much worse. I went to school out of state in a very dreary climate and didn’t do well in school my first few years despite always being an A and B student my whole life prior. I took many different antidepressants, went to therapy, was even hospitalized for the sedation of antidepressanrs and anxiety medication but nothing helped. I was barely making any money to pay my bills, heavily relying on my parents who were also struggling financially, so in an attempt to get my mind right and ease the burden I was putting on my family, I came back home for a semester, which turned into a whole year back home. My health increased, my depression subsided, I finally had a sense of self. I was ready to finally take a step forward in my life. Until everything came crashing back down on me when my mother, the closest person to me, my everything, was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer and died 3 months later. She never smoked in her life. Her death threw me back into the rabbit hole of depression. Not having any emotional support, feeling alone again, questioning what good there really was in the world. During this time I was also dating a girl who despite us being each others “first loves” she would constantly physically fight me whenever she would get drunk or use cocaine behind my back. Time after time she would punch me more times than I could count, breaking her nails off on my face, breaking my glasses on my face, punching me while I was driving, threatening to jump out of my moving car and punching me in the eye so hard while I was trying to walk away that I lost vision in one eye for the night and still do not see the same in that eye a year later. I never hit her back, never got aggressive with her physically and unfortunately never reported her to the police, even when I was questioned when police came out to my neighborhood asking me to tell what really happened and why my face was bleeding and bruised. The last time resulted in her punching me several times in front of my family in the middle of the night, saying I’m crazy and I’m the reason she has so many issues. Our relationship ended after several times where she stopped responding to me for weeks on end and she finally told me she couldn’t do it anymore, and she had to get away from me. We didn’t speak for weeks until we agreed to try to be cordial and still be friends. Looking back it was a huge mistake. I called her one night and she had a random guy answer threatening to come to my house and beat my ass in front of my family because she told him I was harrassing her. I had left her alone and hadn’t even seen her in weeks and was completely thrown off by this and scared for my safety at the same time. He told me he had my address and was coming to me after he left a club, which I was close to at the time. I told him I was coming to him. I wasn’t going to fight, which I told him, but I was not going to be threatened anymore by this girl and some random person when I arrived she started arguing with me in the street to which I just started telling her friends that she was an abusive piece of shit and she was lying on me out of guilt. I had never spoken to anyone about the physical abuse she put me through before this. I was embarassed and felt immasculated by it but the emotions in the moment made me not care. She left and so did I and on my drive home she called me again, saying everything she could to hurt me, telling me she wants me to kill myself and how she’s still going to send people to my house to hurt me. I told her we can’t keep going back and forth like this, and I will not tolerate her threatening me anymore and that we need to squash this for good. I told her I was going to head to her house and she said fine, which was the biggest mistake I’ve ever made. When I got there, she pulled off, still in her car and I followed behind, still on the phone, begging to just talk. Then she pulled into a parking lot down the street from her home and stopped. I thought she was finally going to talk so I parked my car on the curb outside the lot and started to get out. As soon as I stopped, she pulled out of the other entrance and swiped the back of my car. I got out to see the damage and saw she drove down the street and had stopped and was yelling about her car being damaged. I drove down next to her so we could call the police. I got out of the car and approachd hers and she was on the phone with someone, I could hear her telling them that I’m crazy and that it was all my fault. At that point something snapped in me. The anger and resentment from the year+ of being abused and blamed for everything erupted out of me and I started punching the window of her car, causing it to shatter in her lap. She screamed and took off and I immediately realized the huge mistake I had just made and left messages apoligizing and begging to let me fix the damage I caused. With no response and fearing the worst, I went home. The next morning I was arrested at my home, charged with 3 felonies and two misdemeanors, she told the police that I had been abusing her for months and that I rammed my car into hers causing the damage. I only spent a day in jail but my life was changed forever. Throughout the court proceedings she piled even more lies on, like saying she tried to break up with me but I would threaten to kill myself and that I would stalk her at her job. Neither of which were even remotely true. My lawyer convinced me to take a plea, saying he couldn’t guarantee I wouldn’t face any jail time, for almost 5 years probation for two felonies. I had no prior criminal history. Now, about 6 months into this probation, I cannot stop thinking about how my life is destroyed. I made terrible mistakes, and allowed someone to abuse me over and over again and now my life is worthless and has no future. Even if I get through this probation, I will never be hireable, I will never be able to live this down. I still need to finish college but I don’t see the point because I won’t be able to be employed afterwards. Right now I work a semi decent hourly job, but not enough to take care of myself, especially with my student loans looming. Legally I am a woman beater even though I’ve never laid a hand on a woman and I am a felon for 5 years. If I could end it all right now I would. I wish I was dead, I am a waste of human life. 