My friend committed suicide two weeks ago.Two weeks ago I lost one of my closest friends to suicide. Usually I'm a guy who takes life in a very ordered manner: one hurdle over the next. I don't believe in wallowing in self pity or oversharing on the internet, but sheesh guys this is hard. People go on and on about how you shouldn't feel guilty about not being there, but the truth is that I can't feel anything else. I really do wish that I was in the same room to tell him "NO!". I wish I was there to hug him a last time. I wonder a lot if he thought about me ... was I not enough to make him stay?

I've never quite cried this much in my life and my entire world is collapsing into this burning hell on Earth. Everyday when I get up I can't send a stupid snap, share an unfunny history meme, or wonder about the future loudly. Who am I going to go to swim meets with? Who am I going to talk to to? All of a sudden, life is getting very real. Throughout this senior year, I've maintained a really good GPA and kept up with absolutely everything even through quarantine but honestly, I can't do this anymore. It's hurting me to think that life is going to move on.

I attended his funeral a week ago and listening to the pastor was disgusting. He was saying things like "he chose to leave". I do not believe that my best friend made the active choice to leave - he felt helpless and lonely - those are not the same thing. I will never believe that one thoughtfully considers the choice of killing themself.

I feel thrown off my path. It sucks to say this, but I'm going to have to prioritize my exams this spring over my mental health or anything else. And also, to hell with society about the stigma around mental health. You live in hell and make others walk through hell as well when you say us guys can't speak about our emotions. To hell with this rotten education system that requires 17 and 18 year olds to make choices about their 40 year-old selves.

I'm going to try to end by saying that it's going to kill me just the same when I have to graduate without him, listen to our favourite songs without him or get married and not have him be my best man. I'm getting ripped apart piece-by-piece everyday but I'm going to have to move forward with this pain. I need to hope that it hurts less in the future. I just need to get though my IB exams. I just need to make it to May.

I hope that if you've ever "*considered*" commiting suicide, you're being played by your own brain. Please do your loved ones a favour and go goddamn write, talk, scream your problems. Please. It hurts everyone. It is not worth it.