Is hell worse than a depressed mind?I've unsuccessfully attempted suicide three times. Obviously it was unsuccessful, what a stupid thing to say. Each time I secretly hoped I would be comatose forever rather than die. So I can close out all the thoughts that haunt me during the day. So I can avoid going to hell even though I don't believe in it. So I can avoid the eternal damnation that *they* scared me into believing was awaiting me if I took my own life.

The thoughts will always snowball. I'll think about how I'm ugly. How I'm a failure at my job. How no one likes me. How everything I do I wrong.  How no matter what I do, I always end up back here. Wishing I would be murdered, so I wouldn't have to kill myself. 

Sometimes it gets better and my mind will feel alright. I'll try new meds. I'll find a routine. I'll make some new friends. But I always find myself back here. In the same spot where I know everyone else would have been better off if I was never here. 

I almost welcome these thoughts like an old friend. A forgotten face from childhood that is waiting in the wings for me. But it's not welcome at all. It's just familiar. 

It's torture is what it is. It's doing everything you can to numb your mind, and having people constantly angry at you, saying you're not doing enough. It's wanting to sleep forever. It's pretending to be happy, hoping you don't wake up the next morning because it hurts so badly in your chest to be depressed while trying to be happy at the same time. 

I bought sleeping pills today. Usually when I'm feeling suicidal I talk myself out of it, or talk to my therapist, or amp it up in my mind so much that I back down. But Ive been growing bolder with every attempt. I've been been trying harder. I've been taking more pills. 

I think that this time I'm not going to think. Thinking only makes the pain worse. Thinking only has me grasping at straws, begging for help from people who don't understand. 

Which brings me back to my question. Which is worse? Struggling most days, wanting to be dead, knowing you'll be back to feeling this way eventually, even when you're feeling "okay"? Or going through with it and going to hell? The idea that may not even exist?

Honestly, I want to believe that nothing happens when you die. That it's just the end. It would make this so much simpler, wouldn't it?