This rant was written by a man at 3:00 on mobile who really wants to have a reason to jump off the balcony in the following weeks.I am desperate, I know that... but i'be though about this for too long now...I don't know what i'm doing anything for anymore, I don't know why I as a person would have a reason to still keep on going. I am someone diagnosed with ASD, which to me is just written proof that i'll never be anywhere near the same level as other people... furthermore I have OCD and General Anxiety disorder... though those may just be aspects of my Autism. I'll never fit in, i'll never be able to do anything correctly the first time and everything I do seems like it's ten times harder than for other people and I have no explanation for it other than that I was born to not be able to handle life well... I can hold a job, as a cashier... but with my talents i'll never contribute anything meaningful to anyone's life ever. Maybe these thoughts are just like they are, in my head... but I can't get around the fact that i've been needing special care just to get through a day my entire life, I've had special education because social life stressed my out so much I nearly had a psychotic breakdown... and i'm on *how many* medication. All I do is consume and nothing I do actually impacts the lives of people around me, in fact I bet everyone who knows me would rather see me dead. If all I do is fail, why should I not just end my life entirely? I've got plenty of friends, but keeping up with them is more a chore than a pleasure, even though I love them but I can't, no matter how hard I try, ever imagine that someone could love me at all... no matter how much someone says it. My parents always said they wished I was never born and I never even blamed them for it, they still went out of their way to feed me and stuff but they would never be around when I actually needed any help, qnd they didn't even care about teaching me or helping me grow into a person. Maybe all the stuff they said about me was a factor in how self-deprecating I am now... but I can't recall a time in my almost 30 year old life where i've actually been proud of myself... and I don't remember the last time i've enjoyed myself in the last five years... the things I do in my spare time do nothing to stimulate me... the beauty of the outside world is nothing anymore, I might aswell go through life in greyscale, it doesn't seem to provoke any sort of emotion... the only thing I clinged to was my fascination with the world around me, nature specifically... that was something to live for, being able to gaze at the stars or admire my dog that has now died. It's all just a blur, I don't know why i've been going on for so long... Is there somewhere out there still a reason for me not to just... die? I have no family that cares about me, nothing in life brings me much joy anymore, and that is already overshadowed by the stress I have because of my Autism and Anxiety. Why would I deserve to be anything other than dead? I don't get it anymore... It's not the answer, but there is no alternative for me... not when a majority of problems for me come fromv genetic disorders.