When I close my eyes...When I close my eyes and am not currently thinking of something I default to thinking about shooting myself in the head. This has been going on for roughly 10 or so years now.

I don’t think it’s stress based, but then again I’m not quite sure what stress really feels like. I rarely take life seriously and to try to be as  happy go lucky as can be. Growing up there was always a roof over our heads, food on the table, and rarely saw my parents argue. In college I would walk into class be handed a test with a puzzled look on my face as I would be clueless of said test, still managed to graduate with a decent grade. When I was laid off I just lived off my severance package till I found something else. Even now I don’t make piles of money but if I lost my job tomorrow I would be able to survive a month or so without looking for work. Note none of that was an attempt to brag but just to say that I have an easy life so far and haven’t encountered an event that seemed overbearing.
 
Before today I have only told one other person, an ex from college. She brushed it off like it was nothing, but then again looking back at things she was pretty self-centered. I don’t really have a friend that I could go that deep with now, but even if I did they would probably think I was just joking. There’s always a shrink to talk to, but I've somewhat nixed that idea as well. I dated a shrink a few years back and well for one she was as messed up in the head as well Heath Ledger’s joker was sane standing next to her. Two she always asked how I felt about this or what I thought about that, basically trying to get me to answer my own questions. I’m sure that’s not how all shrinks work, but that whole 1st impressions thing.
 
As I said earlier I have been having these thoughts for a while now, why haven't I acted on them? Well a few reasons, the short answer is I like living.

I still want to dance with a penguin on Antarctica. 

During a previous job interview the interviewer asked what got me out of bed in the morning? It threw me for a loop and I quickly said my dog, because well he's awesome. He's a typical dog in that hes a dog, he also has a unique quality which there is nothing he can do that I will be mad at him for 30 seconds after looking at his goofy grin. If I get yelled from work, just come home give him a scratch behind the ears and everything is better.

My parents. My mom would be devastated, well my dad would too. I also cosigned my student loans with them, and being so close to retirement it's not fair to them, to leave them with those.

So why on earth did I write all of this if I have no reason or motivation to act on my thoughts? Well, that's two fold, 1 as the throwaway name suggests I wanted it off my chest, I don't care if not a soul reads this. The 2nd might be asking for the moon and this might not be the right thread for it but what the hell is wrong in my head where these are my default thoughts?