I can't do it 15 years ago (when I was 15) I tried to kill myself. I didn't write a letter, I didn't call my parents and tell them I had just ate 120+ pills ranging from Vicodin and Noraflex, to IBU 800s and Zoloft. I died. I was dead for 13 minutes give or take before the paramedics got me back to life en route to the hospital. I was in a coma for a few weeks and sent to a psychiatric ward for another few months. Since that day my life has been in an ever evolving spiral downward into self hate and depression with only brief moments of hope or happiness that are quickly dashed away by yet another idiot mistake I should have never made. I still to this day think about how everyone would have been affected differently and in my mind more positively if I had only been successful all those years ago. I feel guilty. I feel it because I have caused so many problems (in my mind) that affect people in a negative way. I have children that I feel so sorry for because me; a person who can barely help himself has to raise them. 

A recent revelation in my own self diagnosis is this guilt thing. Guilty for still being here. I always assumed my depression never got better because it stemmed from feelings of self doubt and never feeling good enough and being a burden to other people, only fueled my self doubt and feelings of inadequacies. I am terrified of this new found discovery and how it will affect my recovery. I have no one to lean on, I have no one I trust, I am so scared. Not only for myself but for my family and friends also. Yes going out and living each day is a great way to stay positive and move forward but the creeping dread that is this guilt will not leave me alone. 

Do I want to kill myself now? No. I want to kill myself 15 years ago. Im almost like... ashamed that I was given a new chance at life and have squandered it time in and time out by refusing to believe I was good enough for good things to happen to me. I feel like I don't deserve and or don't have to make a good decision because I should not be here to begin with. It has cost me everything. On several occasions. Including my current circumstance.

I don't quite know what im looking for by posting here. Advice? Sure! People who have also maybe felt this way after an attempt. (a real attempt not attention grab) I know im not looking for cookie cutter, copy paste "You matter just be happy and learn from mistakes" kind of answers. That's all I have been told from every friend, family member and ex shrink I have ever had. I want to know how! I want to know if there is anyway to shake this feeling. If there is some technique or something maybe that helped someone else deal with it. I have a hard time living my life if I feel there shouldn't even be one. This revelation I had has halted all progress I had been trying to make. Please any advice is welcome I fear the worst