Closest to suicide I've been since last attempt... just turned 20, I wasted my youth, it's too late.I have depression/anxiety and PTSD from severe domestic abuse as a child that made my depression and anxiety worse.. I have been feeling so bad for so long...

I dated a girl from 14-15 who broke up with me and accussed me of rape. I dropped out that semester of HS and spent a week in a mental hospital... 5 months later, I start dating a girl who tied me down way too fast... she constricted me and took away my social life... not that I had one, really, after my ex girlfriend told our entire social circle I raped her. 6 months after dating my current GF, my mom died of a drug overdose on the floor in front of me, which was very graphic and horrifying, and induced even worse PTSD. 

Fast forward the next year.. at the college my mom went to, a private school, and I had a good time, but I was still depressed. However, I actually had friends and talked to people every day and had lunch with them - but then I was forced to transfer after my first year scholarship was revoked (which they did not clarify was for freshmans only), making tuition too expensive. I went to my city's biggest college and it was horrible. I made no friends. I didn't make friends with a single person, even though I was in an activity, choir - which I got kicked out of, because my instructor told me I wasn't enjoying it, to which I responded it's hard for me to enjoy anything really because of my depression and anhedonia (which I described to him), and he told me that because I wasn't enjoying it, I wasn't allowed back next semester. I got kicked out of my university's choir because of my depression.

I was so depressed, I spent the second semester laying around all day, not working, getting an incomplete grade in a class because I was so depressed I just couldn't do the online work, and ended up on academic probation because of my D's and C's in other classes, so I am forced to go there next semester to improve my GPA, or I am expelled.

All the while, my girlfriend has become increasingly more and more abusive... she has BPD and is emotionally/physically abusive. She screams at me constantly, almost every day, calls me names like dick, asshole, prick, piece of shit, tells me fuck you, threatens to break up, etc. over nothing... even though she lives under my roof rent free, and drives MY car. One time she said to me "you should listen to yourself talk, you sound like a retard".  The first time she called me a piece of shit, it hurt so much I couldn't sleep for days, so I got blackout drunk to sleep... and I think I may have overdosed. I blacked out, threw up and pissed my pants in my sleep, and slept for 14ish hours. It terrified me.

She has hit me on multiple occasions. She's slapped me twice, once drunk and in the face, and once sober in the arm, both hard. She's chucked a PS4 controller hard at my face because she lost in a video game. She threw a flashlight at me while drunk. She threw a metal clipboard at me ans hit me in the eye because I woke up at noon. The most recent instance was when we were on our 4 year anniversary trip, she missed an exit that I told her to exit on, she got mad and start screaming, I, for the first time ever, lost my temper and yelled back at her (because she'd been yelling at me the WHOLE trip, even the car ride there), and she grabbed my pinkie and twisted it back as HARD as she could. It fucking hurt. She definitely could have broken it.

So yeah... I'm so depressed and anxious constantly and I've been thinking of suicide daily for the past few months. I just turned 20, I'm trapped in university, I'm trapped in life, I don't know what I want to do... I'm always thinking about the past, and what could have been, what friends I could have made, what girls I could have met... it depresses me so much... I wasted my youth... I'm completely trapped

It's too late. It's just all too late.

I know my mom wouldn't want me to do it but...there's just no hope for me at this point... I had my chance, and I didn't listen to people, and I spent my youth depression and anxious and suicidal... and I just don't want to get older... it's so bad now and it keeps getting worse and worse and worse and I can't take it... I hate that I will hurt my loved ones but I just want to so bad.