Death seems beautiful at this pointI am 23 (M), who was pursuing a bachelor's degree in physics at an Indian University. I have dropped out 3 times, returned back to pursue the same course again, and even then given up midway during the year. I feel exhausted from my constant sense of purposelessness and staying up is a nightmare. I constantly force myself to sleep long hours because if I stay awake for too long, my head goes haywire and I start hearing a low hum, which lasts until I take a strong dose of Clonazepam, which calms me down a bit and lulls me to sleep. I don't have any sense of identity left and sometimes I don't recognize my face in the mirror while brushing. I don't feel terrorised by this, but I focus on my face and then I recognize myself. 
My country is not what you would call normal. It is  packed with  so much people that it makes me suffocate. Also, it has poor roads and poor sanitation. I, as a resident of India, find myself alienated from people in my country. There is so much bone-crushing poverty that any tourist from Europe or America has to endure a cultural shock when they come here.
I wished to make my country better. I swore in my childhood I would make it a better place through my pursuit of scientific knowledge. But as I have grown up, I have realised that the government doesn't want talented and hard working people, it only wants those who do not question them and do as they are told.
I gave up on this pursuit. I then only wanted to study physics because I found some beauty in it.
Despite my least efforts, I have an above average grade (because grading on a curve). My love for physics has been destroyed because I only had to regurgitate what they told me. I could have tolerated that, if it wasn't for 75% minimum attendance thing. The teachers teach shit but I have to attend classes just for attendance. I attend classes from 9 am to 5 pm (1 hour break from 12 to 1). People below 75% are automatically debarred. I find very little time for my true pursuit of physics.
This time , I rage quit. Now I am a worthless piece of shit lying at his mom's house watching the clock tick by. I have no interest left in life, but making my parents suffer because I am a good for nothing asshole makes me feel sad and powerless. Sometimes my head goes kaput and I start hearing a humming sound. In order to stop it I take the anxiety medicine. And then I sleep again. I don't want hope because the two times I did  have hope I got screwed. Now I have a constant fear that I might find hope again and start my life anew, only to hit rock bottom again. I wish someone kills me before I kill myself because I still don't have the guts to do it. 
Writing this very long post has not given me some sense of catharsis, but it definitely gave me a temporary relief. I want to cry on someone's loving shoulder but now I realise that I am one of those unfortunate ones whose sole purpose of existence is to be a loner and a faliure, so that others can succeed. Still, I have lost all sense of my identity and so only two things seem apparent to me, it's the mental asylum or it's the jump off a high building. I have tried jumping before, but as I stood on the ledge, my instinctive fear kicked in and I couldn't do it. So I hope that I overcome this fear, because it will the only good decision I will make for myself.
PS Feel free to roast me it would only make me feel better.