I just don't see any point anymoreJust wanted to tell you my little life story, maybe it will make you feel a little better.
Went to college Fall 2010, got in to school late because of some difficulties and was way behind and had to scramble to get my classes in a completely unknown city/school as a freshman with no friends or resources. Ended up getting into classes almost three weeks in, with tons and tons of paperwork and stress and bullshit. I only get three classes = 9 units = no full financial aid and I literally had about .74 cents to my name. Forces me to take out loans if I would like to still go to school there. I end up getting a dining hall pass and LOVE it for the first few weeks...then when I went into my hermit stage I didn't use it ever..never ate or anything and literally couldn't get myself to leave my room to go cancel it, so I paid a shit ton of money for food I never ate. Did I mention they had jamba juice too?...(included)


I go to my classes and try to remain positive, I am excluded and treated like an outsider and get completely fucked. I was already super depressed so this didn't help at all. I end up just completely isolating myself in my room for the remainder of the semester and fail all of my classes. Huge waste of my life and money and everything, I feel like a complete loser, people keep asking me how school is going and I have to keep lying and say, "oh yeah fine, oh yeah great, oh yeah finals weren't bad" I couldn't tell anyone and I had absolutely no friends at all.


Going towards the second semester I realize i've fucked up and I need to do something about it...I go to the housing department and ask them to break my contract, they say no. I tell them it is because I need to take a break from school, I don't feel like I'm in a proper mental state to keep going to school this semester due to my failure last semester. They still tell me no and I am essentially forced to stay in school or just live in the dorms and get a huge charge. So basically I HAVE to sign up for classes to receive financial aid to pay for the housing I don't even want to be living in...(GREAT WAY TO START RIGHT?) when I just wanted to fucking take a break and recover mentally and go back in fall 2011. I force myself to stop being a bitch and just go to class and try to be positive, it was extremely hard because I still had no friends and still didn't make any. I end up doing okay..relatively so, but I didn't do well enough to be above a 2.0 and to get off of probation. So i get disqualified.


My school has a rule where you can only be reinstated/readmitted as a transfer student. Because we have so many students...(woot california). So basically my only option is to go to a community college, but I don't want to do that because the only reason I could go to school in the city I lived in was because of living in the dorms, the town I am from (where I would have to live if I left) is small and shitty and I hate it and I would live with my parents and I don't have a car and the closest community college is 15 minutes away by car. So it wasn't really an option.


I end up somehow living the rest of the fall 2011 semester in the dorms??? not sure how..but I accrued a lovely 4k charge on my ass because of it..but I didn't know where else to go. I move out into an apartment (somehow?) And I have been desperately trying to get a job since, but get fucked over and over and over and can't even work at fucking mcdonalds. I found this rule where if you get over a 1.5 gpa as a freshman (under 30 units) they would let you go back, even if you had failed probation. So my entire hopes and dreams are riding on this, and I confirm it with a bunch of staff from my school. Then finally when I actually go for it..they say OH SORRY BRO THAT RULE DIDNT COME INTO EFFECT UNTIL RIGHT AFTER YOU FAILED...(this was a fucking few days ago and now I am completely devastated and lost and I have no idea what to fucking do anymore)
I am just so depressed because I was handling my shit properly and I got fucked by the school and they don't even give a shit...I have been trying for almost a year now to get back into school to no avail, I am wasting my life and living out a miserable existence with no friends or anything and I hate it all so much. It's been a while but I just started contemplating suicide again today because my rent is due on the 5th and I am short and my dad won't lend me money and I have no idea where to turn. I just don't know what to do anymore honestly and I hope that your situation is better than mine and that you can at least relate and realize you aren't alone out there. Thanks for listening to my pathetic ass if you actually read all of this and goodluck to you.
There are a ton of smaller details if anyone has questions...also feel free to talk shit or whatever I don't even care anymore.


Also this has taught me a ton about shit in life..but I just want to get back on track to actually apply it...I'm just in a downward spiral as of late..


This is something I posted elsewhere so I'd just like to add onto it...

I was supposed to get a banking job at Wells Fargo and they told me it was guaranteed and that I was hired and everything and then they call me and tell me actually there is no spot for me, I was feeling extremely hopeful about life for the first time in years at that point but then it all just crashed on me. I think I got a job at 24 hour fitness they just need to call me back, but that isn't nearly as good as a job at a bank :/ I have no money to pay any of my bills and I am totally fucked. I am in debt and I am completely overwhelmed and I really just don't know what to do anymore. I left my girlfriend because she was just dragging me down and making me more and more depressed. 

I have absolutely no friends, the only few I have are in a city an hour away and I don't have a car and they are never willing to drive up to hang out. One even goes up to school here but he never chills, Everything is just completely fucked. I keep lying and saying I'm in school but I'm not...even if I get back into school i'll be almost 21 with 0 credits lmfao...so embarassing and retarded. I just wish I could go back two years and start over completely, I am such a fucking idiot. I constantly dwell on the past and think of little things that could have been changed that would have made everything different. Like if I just went to the ONE class that I failed to get me disqualified...If I had PICKED a different class that wasn't in the goddamn morning. If I had got a teacher that had actually worked with me when I requested help....if I broke up with my girlfriend back in high school like I wanted to but bitched out and dragged on a relationship I didnt want to be in for 2 fucking years just because I felt bad that she had a shitty life situation at home and felt like I was helping her by being with her (which I was) but it was at the cost of my fucking happiness. If my friend/ roommate didn't have a girlfriend that lived close to mine and wasn't willing to drive my ass down. IF I HAD A REAL FUCKING FRIEND WHO INSTEAD OF DRIVING ME DOWN WOULD TELL ME TO GET MY SHIT TOGETHER AND GO TO CLASS...he was a fucking enabler and I can't help but feel that he could have helped me change my life if he had just spoken up and told me to stop being such a lazy ass.

If I had just not played video games so much and faced reality...if the faculty at the school helped me when I went to them for help instead of just blowing me off and not directing me to the right resources...I just fucking hate my life and I am a huge disappointment to my whole family and honestly I just want to fucking kill myself...

I started a list of all the things I would do before I killed myself and wrote them down and I just can't think of reasons to live anymore..whenever I start thinking I just remember all the things I've fucked up and it doesn't seem like I can fix anything at all...I've dug the hole to deep and I'm stuck in it...just bury me fuck...I just can't decide on the most efficient way to kill myself because I'm a bitch and don't want to feel to much pain...


EDIT: I doubt anyone will read this I was just...idk why I even posted this...whatever