I don't know what to do anymore.I've been pretty depressed over the past few months and it's gotten worse. I can't handle being around people anymore and it's taking its toll on my attendance at school. People always ask why was I absent and I just get like so frustrated because I don't feel like explaining it and no one will truly understand. My anxiety has been so bad and it's like people have to tip toe around me because I get triggered at the slightest things. I can't handle being around my friends anymore, they're fine people, but it's just me. I'm so sensitive to Everything. I just want to sit in my room all day and night, but that's the worst thing I could do right now. And I'll admit I am a bit suicidal. I think the only thing that has stopped me is my family, how it would tear them apart if I ever did such a foolish thing. Thing is is that like since I've come to that point in my life. When it's late at night. My pain is so powerful and I literally think nothing good, only the many things I messed up in my life. I feel like I've ruined my friendships and relationships with people and I hate the person I've become because I don't realize how to control my emotions at certain times. I kill myself with thoughts that it empowers me and I think nothing about my family or friends or anyone who might actually care for me without me not really remembering or realizing it in my darkest hours at night. I could easily hurt myself. And I have. I have self-harmed. And I have a whole bottle of pills on my dresser that I sometimes glance at when I'm holding myself tightly on the floor while crying at night. I just don't know what to do. I have parents who slightly know what's going on but it's just hard to tell anyone. I KNOW it's good to tell an adult or something about my bad thoughts and stuff but it's so hard because the last thing I need or want right now is attention. I don't want attention at all, but I feel like I should. If any of that even makes sense. I just don't know what to do anymore.