I keep submitting this story here but the thoughts keep coming back. Police told me to go away so I'm going to take out justice on myself.Me and my now ex-girlfriend were messing around and I asked if she wants sex. She said no, I said come on just a quick one it'll be fun. She said Ok then so I go and grab a condom and start sex. She was a little quiet at first but then started very enthusiastically participating verbally, telling me to keep going, so i didn't think anything was wrong. Afterwards she said she hated it, I was shocked, sick to my stomach. i asked why she didn't say no and she reminds me that she did. I don't know how but we were able to patch things up and keep dating for another 12 months, but then she freaked out called me a rapist and threatened to kill herself, and kicked me and guilted me into making a confession to one of our friends. She reported me to the police. I was in a psychiatric ward because people found out I was plotting to kill myself
The above incident was in the police report except the story abruptly stops at the moment where I thought she consented and is picked up again immediately after the sex was over. She left out the part where she was telling me to keep going and enthusiastically verbally participating.
She also completely fabricated 5 other completely fake rape claims. She said I had raped her while she was asleep the night before we broke up (I didn't touch her) and that our first time was a brutal violent rape (I have texts where we talk about our first time and she says how funny the experience was), she said I would lock her in her room until she would have sex with me (never happened)
I told the police everything, they told me that I hadn't raped anyone and I didn't have the necessary intent. I didn't ask to defend myself, but now everyone things I'm deluded and am incapable of remorse.
So the police told me to clear off but now everyone thinks that I'm a violent psychopath who gets off on hurting innocent women. Well I'm going to give them the justice they think I deserve, I don't care about myself and I just want to end it.