My mother beat cancer but will now end up outliving meIt comes and goes but immense guilt and concern for loved ones is the only significant reason I'm still here. That, and the guilt stemming from having faced no significant hardships in life yet still having this intense desire to just flip the switch and stop continuing to be a pathetic failure. Pretty stupid reason to want to stop living, throwing away an otherwise good life when someone so close to me had to suffer and endure to continue living.

My parents have given me so many opportunities in life but they've been wasted on an incapable sloth. I failed 5 courses in undergrad but my parents still paid for that fifth year for me to graduate with a 2.3, only for me to spend nearly an entire year jobless afterwards with nothing to show for it. I'm getting a second chance taking a couple undergrad courses that are required for a graduate program, but I'm too stupid to even handle that. I can't sell myself as competent when I'm at the bottom of my class, take a few classes in relative isolation and still manage to underperform immensely.

I'm so dense that I can't even finish this post. I catch myself rambling in a way that doesn't make sense and I just delete it. Someone as profoundly inept as me should not have been afforded all of these chances to succeed. I wish I could go back to the end of high school and end myself and somehow convince my parents to help someone less fortunate but far more capable through college. 

Enough of my ungrateful rant. Perhaps I can still find a way to "trade places" with someone that would actually succeed when given another chance. I'm lazy, I'm unintelligent and I'm stuck between continually making an embarrassment of myself and effectively giving a massive middle finger to people that have shown me so much love and support.

I'm so sorry to anyone reading this that has been dealt a much worse hand in life. I can only imagine how vain and childish this rant has been so I'm just going to stop