I’ve decided this will be my last holiday. Death is completely neutral for me but getting this wrong is what I fear the most.I’m 24 years old and work as a pediatric nurse. After always giving myself a timeline on when I should be dead by for the last 3 years, it’s time to leave. I have no savings or health insurance when I was almost killed in a car accident in 2015 my ambulance bill cost me $6,400. The 6 week stay in a trauma center while I couldn’t walk was insanely expensive and now that I am off my mothers insurance plan if I half ass my suicide. The debt will be immense and I can’t put that on my loved ones. If it doesn’t work I know I’ll be committed against my will and never be gainfully employed again. Death doesn’t scare me, it’s just nothing, removing yourself from the equation so you don’t have to continue. I took care of a man before during my mental health clinical, he failed at shooting himself with a handgun. He was not happy after surviving. Just an over medicated shell of a person putting a financial drain on others. I can’t let that be me but I’m tired of that fear being the only reason I go on living. I’ve already made a list of all my assets and their approximate value. I’ve had the note saved to my desktop for awhile now, I hope it would be enough to absolve friends and family of any anger or guilt thinking they didn’t do enough. I’ll have to die knowing their disappointment and shock. No one will have ever expected this of me but saying goodbye while making my intentions clear would be too difficult and just end in me getting arrested. Firearms won’t be a problem and I’d hope 12ga would do the job successfully. I plan on driving my car to a specific place where it’s quite possible they will never recover my body. I’d want my friends to have closure but can’t risk anyone getting the chance to stop me. This should also lessen the financial toll that a funeral entails. I hope I get what I want, no one knows how difficult actually doing it is, that’s why I can’t make a single error in the execution. Once I have the barrel under my chin it has to be all in, no going back. My life won’t get better and I won’t be met with some realization life is worth trying to live if I can’t pull the trigger, just more meaningless existence but with more regret and shame.