How to help my suicidal sister Hello Reddit. I’m looking for advice. My family and I live in Toronto.

Starting June, my younger sister started showing signs of suicidal behaviour. She started cutting.

She went to the hospital a couple times because she said she was feeling suicidal.

One of these times was when she made a suicide attempt.

She’s been getting professional mental help; psychologists, psychiatrists, and therapists. She’s been doing DBT. I have tried to support her as best I can, and also support my parents.

The hospitals don’t want to hold her for more than a week and a half. This one hospital tried to send her back home after two days following her suicide attempt. The fuckers.

My parents announced their divorce last year and its ongoing. They both hate each other. It’s one of several things happening this year. But they treat us well and only direct their ire at each other; and they also keep most of it hidden. They live in different homes. My sister was at my Dad’s place after being at my Mom’s place for some time.

Her main desire is to be around her friends. She wanted to be with her friends all the time. Of which raises further complications in a pandemic. It’s like she needs it, can’t go without it.

In her messy room, while cleaning it, we found a note she had written that says “‘Girl’s name here’ will be my friend.” over and over again.

She has been angry at me because I said something to her. I gently approached her. After I had said goodnight to her, as I usually do, and said that I’m concerned about how her coping method is to completely immerse herself in her friends.

Last night, she called the police and they dragged her out of the house in handcuffs.

She chugged down alcohol and ran around the house.

It seems that it was because of a fight with her friend, at least according to my Dad.

As it seems to me, she has given up on life. She has nothing driving her to continue living.

I want to best support my younger sister but I’m not sure what to do. I’ve been researching. I need a plan. It seems like something drastic needs to be done.

Apparently, there’s no place in Toronto that can institutionalize her for more than a week and a bit.

Additionally, my sister has always been someone who has craved attention. I’m definitely not saying her suicidal notions come from that, but it is something of note with her. She needs people to pay attention to her. She’s the fourth child and got the least attention growing up.

What should I do?