Life is a bitchLife is hitting me with waves of shit, but this week I was hit with a damn tsunami.
But let me not say that, because it seems to get worse.

I'm so tired. Just tired of everything.

When it's looked out of context, it doesn't seem too bad, but hear me out...it won't be that thrilling really, but it's just tiring

It was raining today as I was driving (in my mom's car {important for later}) home, I stopped at the traffic light and this guy behind me in his truck slammed into me. Luckily it wasn't too bad, but I exchanged some details and tried tone up as much as I could because he seemed shady.

I insist that we go to the police station to get a case number etc etc. He agrees , and we go. Once we arrive at the police station he begs me to not involve the police because his boss is going to come down on him heavy, and his job is under scrutiny...

Now I'm standing there, thinking, the world gives me such shit, and here I have the opportunity to just make this guy's life a little better, maybe safer too because heck, we need our jobs to survive. Yet on the other hand, it's my mother's car, and she would do things the civil way. 

I choose to take his details and not involve the police because why not, I am trying to be the better/nicer person, coz what you put in is what you get out right?? Not really I guess..

I get home , I get a scolding, and I'm an adult, yeah totally normal, coz these things don't happen when people drive behind you in the rain . Gah. 

Hopefully the insurance sorts this out, but it's going to be a real pain.

Fastforward 3 hours of crashing coz it was the only thing I could do while stressed.

I can't find my flash drive with all my important documents on. It's these small things that pile up and just beautifully spreads the shit flavored icing on a garbage cake.

Night time I'm forced to visit some family with the ugly dent in the car that my parents worked quite hard for, but only to be greeted with a congregation of my family too busy admiring this brand new sports car in the driveway.

Who's new car is this? Oh, it's my cousin with the rich parents. So much years younger than me, has had a more blessed life than me.
Then you have to fake smile your way into congratulating him all night and fake admiring what a beautiful car it is. You just don't smile, and you become transparent and they start speaking how jealous you are without saying a word. Amazing how humans are with their interactions. I'm really just tired, but I beat through the night and fake smiled anyways.

I should give more context on this said cousin but I'm too tired, so long story short, he is an asshole and we'll leave it at that

Now to think that I am out here reaching, doing what I must, trying to be nice, and life hands you this? Hell, it doesn't even hand it to you? It constantly smacks you with it. Why bother? It's really just all too much. I understand it isn't fair, but rising through this is really tiring. Just tiring.


~kinda my second post, I don't know what I'm doing on here or Reddit . So go soft. It feels nice to speak all this out I guess

I'm not sure if this even the correct subreddit to post this, but I'll leave it hear anyways