I didn't lose him to cancer, I lost him to stupidity and I'm at the end of my rope.This is going to be a long post, I already know it.. but if it gets read great, if not then oh well.

There is so much back story to all of this that I don't know where to begin. I can logically see how everything came to this point but trying to type it all out just feels like I'm starting in the middle of something so I'm going to do my best. I just hope it doesn't get too confusing or jumbled. 

Back in January, my fiance went to the doctor because he had been having headaches and started having double vision. His doctor had him get a CT scan, and they found a mass the size of a fist. The operated within a few days and it turned out that it was cancer. Obviously, I tried to hold it together for him... but internally I lost my shit. I lost my mom a few years ago, and I've worked hard at repressing all of the feelings that went with that loss but obviously I haven't done so well.

A few weeks after the surgery, we still haven't gotten the full pathology back and for the most part we don't know what's going on other than it's cancer but it's definitely not a Glioblastoma  (that's the big bad stage 4 brain cancer that's always fatal, and it pretty much takes the patient pretty quick.) We didn't know what kind of treatment he was going to have to deal with, what kind of prognosis we were looking at... anything like that. I had all of this fear, and all kinds of emotions that I just couldn't process. I didn't feel like I could talk to anyone about it. I isolated myself from the world. I didn't talk to my friends, my family or even my fiance. I just plastered a smile on my face and tried to deal with it like a big girl should.

But then I broke. I would go to work and feel guilty because I felt like I was supposed to be home taking care of him. Even though I logically knew he was going to be okay, I still was so afraid that I was going to lose him. I was afraid I was going to get a call saying that something bad had happened, like a complication of brain surgery or something like that, and that just as quickly as he had came into my life I was going to lose him... and I wasn't able to deal with that fear.

It got to the point where I was looking for any excuse I could to get out of going to work. I was coming home from work and crying for hours because of how scared I was, and it got the point where I started thinking about killing myself because I was damned if I was going to go through another loss like I did with my mom. I held her hand while she died, and I'm the one who signed the DNR. I still feel like I killed her, but that's another story.

Things got to the point that I was so scared that I ended up quitting my job, even though logically I knew it was completely the wrong choice. I knew how much this was going to hurt us financially, and how much of a risk I was taking - especially in this economy. I just couldn't take it anymore. The day I quit, I hadn't slept in something like 2 days and I spent 4 hours before I had to be at work just breaking down and crying and feeling like I was a horrible failure and I had no one to talk to about this. I didn't feel like I could tell the truth to my fiance because he had so much going on. I mean, for fucks sake the man has cancer. How can I expect him to deal with his bat shit crazy fiance at the same time? It just didn't seem right.

In the interests of full disclosure, I had to admit here that I have a sketchy job history at best here lately. There are a couple of times that I've left a job for a legitimate reason (like finding another one that pays better or whatever) but I'm a flake financially. I know it and recognize it as one of my many flaws. 

Tonight my fiance told me that me and the roommate are on our own to pay the bills next month. Oh yeah, the roommate got sacked in Feb, 2 days after I quit my job... forgot to mention that part. I didn't say anything about it for a few hours, and then we went to bed. I asked for some cuddles, which he obliged me with, and as we were laying there I told him I was sorry for being a failure and that he deserves someone better than me. He doesn't say anything for a while and I started pouring out everything I've typed here and more, just letting all of the stuff I've had bottled up pour out. 

He lets me get it all out, and then he starts talking about the position I've put us in financially and that he's been seriously considering moving out. He told me that his family has encouraged him to break up with me to an extent because of how unreliable I am. After a whole lot of conversation, we agreed that the engagement is off but that for the time being we're remaining committed to each other.

At this point, all of the stuff I had been trying to get over has came back and worse. This is the first relationship I've been in where I felt like I was valued and actually loved and now I've lost it. I don't see how we can come back from this and I know it's all my fault. I'm the one that brought us to this situation. A few weeks ago, I promised him that I would get a good job and would start seeking therapy to deal with my issues as soon as I had health coverage. I did find a good job, but sadly it doesn't begin for another month.. so financially I'm fucked in a huge way. But, even though I am trying, it's not going to fix this problem. Instead of the cancer taking him away from me like I was so scared of I'm going to lose him because I was weak and incapable of being a grown up and just dealing with my emotions.

I know I'm beating a dead horse at this point, but I don't think I can take it any more. I'm sitting here trying to think about what I have to live for and it's pretty much incredibly superficial stuff. I realize that if I were to kill myself I'd end up hurting a few people... but honestly, at that point, I'd be dead so it wouldn't matter to me. I know it's incredibly selfish of me but I'm just so hurt and scared and lost I don't honestly see what else I can do. I feel like there is no recovery.. sure I know with time and help and blah blah blah I'd be happy again and all that stuff but I'm so far down I don't want to be happy again. Besides, I've screwed things up so much I don't deserve it.

Yeah, that's it.

tl;dr - I'm an irresponsible person who didn't lose her fiance to cancer like she was afraid, but because she's an immature dumb fuck instead.

edited cause I missed a few words, like a dumbass.