Sorry. Just ventingHonestly I not sure what to write so of it seems like I'm venting it's because I am. I've been fighting these thoughts to kill myself for many years and I've always fought them because it seems selfish to only think of myself. Not matter on how many nights I've been hungry, alone,angry or cold I've always had something pushing me. Forcing myself to keep going forward.  Which to me is my little sister who just started high school and my little brother who in the Air Force on the other side of the world. I was going to school to become a nurse because I wanted to help people mainly my grandma. I was doing so  good to! Reading for hours on end everyday! I would study 6 to 7 hours a day after 6 hours classes. Making sure I was ready for that moment came. That I would be ready! No doubt no fear! I would everything would be perfect! I actually did save someone from dying to! Perfect CPR and I took a handle of the group of people that were there until help came along. Family of that person that I helped were calling me a hero but honestly I didn't care about that shit because that's not why I wanted why I going into it. But then Thanksgiving came around and my grandma was starting to have heart problems and I knew she didn't have much time. I took her to the ER to make sure that she could get help. And every nurse, doctor and and person that worked at the hospital that she knew! Not just a few but all of the she was saying goodbye to! She knew that she was going to die. She knew, she honestly did. On December 23 in the morning she was up and about all happy because she knew Christmas was here. Which meant everyone in the family was going to be at the house so I went at 7a.m to go get dinner ready because she said we're all doing Christmas and don't give no back talk and to go get one of those hams that I'm always talking about (Honey Baked Hams) because she wanted. So I did I went out and got everything need but by the time we came back from the stores and the 2 hours of waiting to get the ham. She was having chest pains again. Like really bad pains I was begging her to let me take her to the hospital for about an hour or two straight. But she told me no I'll be fine, I promise. I knew she was lying to me. And yet I did nothing but go home ( I live about 10 feet away from my grandparents house) so around 10 p.m I get a phone call to come to the house because something happened to her. I rush there as fast as I possibly can and the I come into the house and then her room and she's face down on the floor gone. My father and I tried to flip her over to. We did but it took us awhile to. I was checking for her heartbeat and breathing and I was going I was looking into her eyes and I saw the light from her eyes go away as I felt her heart stop. I panicked and froze. My mind went blank and I just stopped, I stood there as if I knew nothing about what to do to help. I 100% froze! Like fuck! Come on I would say some random  guys life and yet I could do anything to help grandma other then call 911 and watch her there on the floor. Unable to nothing! The paramedics called it at 11:58p.m that she passed away. Everyday since she passed away I've been having these nightmares that I feel so real to the point where I can tell if they're a dream or real life, it's of that moment when she passed away and her ghost/spirit keeps saying that I failed her and that I let her die. With my anxiety as a bad it I as my has been for a year or two now and all the thought of me killing myself because of all other things that has and keeps happening it makes feel like no matter what I do it's pointless and it feel like that there is no point in fighting or even trying. 