I feel choked at every corner of my life.To start it off positively, I really enjoy school and learning. I'm in my senior year of college and while I am disappointed in the lack of participation of my fellow classmates, my professors made it an enjoyable journey of curiosity, exploration and seeking. Last year however, I became an RA (resident assistant) so that I could have the opportunity to not pay for housing. It lead me to a downward spiral that I hadn't had since high school. Rampant tales of sexual harassment by upper management that the school did nothing about, I would report shit that would lay at a desk somewhere unattended. It was taking a lot of energy out of my life and my grades were definitely taking the brunt of the damage. 

This year I decided to move into an apartment and work part time while trying to go to school. I feel even more claustrophobic then before, like there is never a moment to breathe and let me rest. Every month I come this close to not being able to pay rent, leaving little money for anything else. My job is so unfulfilling that it makes me wonder what am I even trying to get out of living this tireless life of mine. I host at a restaurant, it is one of the most un-engaging jobs where the seconds seem to tick as hours or something. By the time I get home I'm too tired to do anything but lay in bed because the hours are so long and late. I'm five months out from graduating but it is literally not giving me any sort of satisfaction to have said that I graduated. I loved the pursuit of knowledge but what does that mean when the degree isn't offering anything in a particular field. And to know it was my own naivete that brought me here is so depressing. 

What is this pathetic life supposed to add up to? I don't want to be pursuing happiness, I just want to be content that things are *okay* for the smallest moment. 

This was very poorly articulated and I am frustrated I can't get all my feelings out in words so I apologize for that and the dumb length of this post.