Life irreversibly messed upI never envisaged this happening. I have always strived to make my life the best possible, I am a good person, very intelligent, well-balanced, friendly and attractive. But throughout my 20s, 30s and to mid 40s I suffered from anorgasmia. I didn't do anything to solve this - I just accepted that there must be something wrong with me. I didn't know it could be solved. I didn't realise having orgasms was that important. But what anorgasmia meant for my relationships through that time was that they never lasted, because I lost interest in sex and there was no motivation for me to do it. What I thought was happening, was that I was losing interest in my partners because they were somehow not right for me. I started a new relationship aged 40, and 3 years in, while sex was a the chore that it always was, I decided to get some help for my anorgasmia at last. Within 2 months of practicing with a vibrator, I solved it. I could kick myself a billion times for not doing this in my 20s. However once I had solved the problem, I went on to form an incredible, mind-blowing loving bond with my partner that I could never have imagined. I fell completely head over heels in love. I never realised that orgasm played such a role in bonding and in forming love. I loved for the first time. I was starting to actually feel ready to marry and have a family for the first time in my life, although I knew I couldn't have a family because I had to have a hysterectomy 3 years ago. Then my partner ripped the relationship away from me for reasons we won't go into, after dragging me on an emotional roller coaster. My bubble has burst, and for the first time I've looked up and realised I am single and 48. I have never been married and I have no kids. There is very very little chance that I will ever meet anyone else at my age as 99% of men are married. My partner of 8 years was also 10 years younger than me and absolutely gorgeous. I am looking to the future now with terror. I see 30 - 40 years on my own when I can't even get through one day on my own. I feel absolute despair, I'm suicidal, I've started on antidepressants and I'm on a waiting list for therapy. But no one can change the facts, that I ruined my life by not finding a solution years ago to the thing that was stopping me from getting married and having a family. There is absolutely nothing I can do to change my situation in any way, and shape myself a future with any meaning. That's why I want out, altogether. Everywhere I look there are families, and people getting married. I can't look, and I can't watch TV or listen to music. I am in some kind of hell, day and night.