I'm sorry to everyone who has ever known meI'm emotionally manipulative. I'm an asshole. I'm selfish. I'm a burden. I'm a bother. I'm everything you don't need in your life. And i'm so sorry for being such a bad person. I'm sorry for being so damn selfish all the time and not considering you all. I'm sorry for putting pressures on you and depending on you without regard of your own mental health. I'm sorry for being an attention seeker.

I promise you I mean to be any of these things. I promise you all I had in my heart was love. I promise you all I wanted in life was to be happy and for us all to be happy and kind and love one another. All I wanted was to support you all in your lives and be kind to you and have you like me. I wanted to be someone you liked and looked up to and depended on. I wanted all the selfish things I did to be *your* selfish things because I wanted to see you happy more than anything.

I'm sorry mom for being such a bad son. I'm sorry for disappointing you. I'm sorry for not graduating and not having you be proud of your son walking across the stage with honors. I'm sorry for not bearing you any children. I'm sorry you're not going to know where your son is. I'm sorry you won't even get to bury me after I take my life. I know you loved me. In fact, I know you - above any other person on this planet loved me the most and it was unconditional. I'm sorry that I wasn't strong enough to hold on and fight this stupid fucking depression. But it's my fault. I'm not a good person. The world deserves a better person. You deserve a better son. 

I'm sorry Matthew, Michiah. I'm sorry I wasn't a good brother to you both. There are times I looked at other siblings in their dynamic and how they were so happy and loving to each other. I wasn't unloving to you both but I didn't tell you guys how much you meant to me. I love you both so much, and even you Matthew, you're just my half brother but I love you as much as anyone. I want you to be happy, to be successful. That's why i'm hard on you when you don't go to school and you don't do your schoolwork. I want you to be better than me. I want mom to be proud of you too. And Michiah, I know we haven't always had the best relationship and i'm so sorry for that. I love you too. When everyone found out I was suciidal you made a better effort as a sister but I didn't make a better effort as a brother. I'm sorry for that. I love you guys. I wish and hope the best for you both.

Dad, i'm sorry for not cofiding in you. You say you feel guilty and bad thay you never listened to me but actually, it's me who is at fault for not being a better son. I felt like I couldn't relate to you but that's because I didn't try hard enough. I'm sorry I wasn't there for you to confide in when grandma died. I'm sorry i've been so selfish and not thinking about my own fucking father's happiness. I love you dad. You're my only dad and I wish I was a better son to you. I'm sorry i'm going to do this. I know it selfish. You're still recovering from grandma. I don't know how you will deal with me gone too and i'm so sorry. I wanted to stay here for you and mom but i'm actually scared to loose you guys. I don't wanna feel that pain. I don't wanna feel alone and guilty. I love you. You deserved a better son. 

I'm sorry to all my friends who I wasn't the best of friends I could have been to. Chris, I cherished you more than anyone. And i'm sosrry for ever having been manipiative to you. I love you so much and i'm so sorry for weighing on your own mental health. I didn't want to hurt you I swear to god I didn't. I love you so much and i'm sorry. I'm sorry to you Ami, Dymond, Sha'la, Kiana, Iyanna,Greg, Dina, Karin, Khalil, Rodney, Ilzat, Kechaad, Dre, Jordan, Steven, Zeke, Ravyn, Linda, Jillian, Alex, Angell, and Khrys. Yall really tried to help me and be my friend and insteaed of accepting your love, I pushed you away. I did it because I felt like you guys deserved better and I don't want to be a negative force over your life. I'm so sorry. I love you all and i'm so glad to have ever met any of you guys. I'm a peice of shit, yall. You all deserved so much fucking better and i'm sorry for having to subject yall to Elijah Porter. 

Everyone else who has ever met me, who I haven't mentioned, who I don't know the name of... i'm so fucking sorry for being here. I don't want to. I wish so bad that I didn't even have to kill myself. I wish so bad that I could just instead press a button and have never existed. That way I won't have to feel any pain, and you guys wouldn't either. You all are so much better than me and i'm sorry for being thw ay I am. Trsut me, I hate myself. I love ever single person in this planet. I feel like everyone has some redeemable qualities. Everyone can be a good person. Except myself. I'm just so fucking shitty. And i'm sorry for having to have yall deal with me. I want to say "I never asked to be alive" but maybe I did. Maybe in a past life or something I begged god to give me this chance, and i'm so sorry for doing that if I did. I just wanted to love and be loved. And be kind and help and support. I didn't want to hurt anyone. I swear I didn't. I swear I didn't. I odn't know how many times I have to say it but please believe me world, all I wanted was to be happy and for there to be love in the world.

I'm even sorry to you Reddit, This isn't my first time posting on this. Over the past six months, i've been frequenting this sub and subs like it. Either to ask for help, support, or to do what i'm doing right now: post a suicide note. And i'm sorry for that. It must mean i'm attention seeking. And I am. I'm sorry. It's not that I want the attention, its not hat I want to make anyone feel bad. I'm just so scared to leave the world and have no one remember me and leave no mark. I deleted my facebook and instagram and all that social media so that way people wont remember me and i'm not even going to leave a note for my mom because I don't want her to feel guilty. But i'm leaving this one because I want something left here for the planet to remember me by. I'm sorry for this. I'm going to kill myself and in the heat of the moment of my sadness right now, i'm just going to leave this note here. I wish one of the other attempts i've had in the past few months succeeded, so that no one has to see how pathetic and attention seeking I really am. And i'm sorry.

Peace and love, everyone. I love you all. I wish nothing but happiness for you all. I wish happiness in life for anyone who feels the way I do, for anyone who is suicidal. I wish you didn't feel like that. I love you. But i'm sorry for myself. Y'all deserve so much better.