The last book to read before the deed.Hello. Ill try to keep things short. Im a couple days short from 27th birthday, male, very tall, handsome, blue eyes, dark hair, etc. On the outside i should have it all but i dont. Friends just simply shrug me off, there are tons of fish and it will be so easy for you to find another person, because "insert general trait of mine".

So as you guys can tell the topic is a heartbreak.

I loved a woman i was living with very much, some shit happened i was stupid, we broke up, i tried to get her back, but she quickly moved on. Found a new guy, started living with him, typical story amongst millions. But she was so much different, we both were different. Our story was different, love, strength, connection, etc i simply cant comprehend how "forever" became a couple of months of grieving and gone for her. I will not try to write how and what relationship we had, its pointless it will look like any typical heartbroken person trying to justify how unique their relationship was. But it truly was, you have to take my word for granted, at least for me. I never ever loved and wished for anything more in my life. Already a year has passed and there is no improvement to me. I cant look at other women, they dont intrest me, nothing intrests me anymore, i dont want to find a "better", "worse" or same person, another story, another unique relationship, etc. I just want her and what i had, the only option which would satisfy me is turning back time and fixing everything. 
I am so tired of daily pain and tears, i am tired i gave up. Somehow i moved on with the fact of how sad or shocked others will be. I tried therapy didnt help, my friends simply say move on, she wasnt right for you, but i cant i simply cant accept what happened. No girl intrests me, nothing intrests me anymore. I already made up my mind and have my plan, i bought a rope, left my job and i think it will be best to be "missing" than to shock everyone with suicide. 

Now lets say my last "attempt" at helping myself without suicide would be 1 book. Id love to read one last book and maybe it might change my outlook, though i highly doubt it, because it will be such relief to not feel anything. But i will give it a shot anyway, do people who were in similar shit have any recommendations? If so please suggest something, i have nothing but time now. :)