So this is it?22/m

Long term loneliness (6 years and counting)

Have a mental condition which impairs my social skills, hidden for the most part, but people see me as a bad kind of weird as a result.

Thing's that I'm passionate about are not popular for normal conversation (gaming, tech, psychology) so avoid at all costs.

These combined factors leave me socially crippled and unable to adapt.

See brother who has similar upbringing (minus mental condition) flourishing, decent size group of friends,popular at work and has no trouble with women (romantically)

See people from high school constantly taking photo's of themselves going on nights out with friends, enjoying being in a relationship, on holiday etc etc

I always thought that If I helped people, try to stay on their good side, try to help them at any opportunity whenever they needed it that maybe I could start a small group of friends and be able to live and do things people my age always do. That decision was clearly the wrong choice.

So here I am after 6 years, wake up, go to work, play video games, sleep, repeat.

I've exhausted all my options, there are no local social clubs nearby, tried looking on websites intended for the same thing but ended up empty, parents say why not try online dating but again socially crippled so no chance of me getting anywhere when I can't start/hold a conversation as a man.

Tried a holiday firm that groups a number of people in the same age group to go on an adventure type holiday, felt much better thanks to my room mate being such a great lad but its far too expensive to do more than once every couple of years and only for 1 week at that.

Not prepared to live the rest of my life like this, no rational reason to keep going as thing's clearly dont change, already planned ahead for location and method just a few things left to tie up.

I don't want to die, but I don't want to continue living like this either, I hoping someone can see something I can't because from where I'm standing I have two options, I can take the quick way out now or, I wait and suffer in silence till depression cripples me to such a degree that it begins to affect my job and family.

Edit: for mistakes and proper explainations