Thoughts.I'm a person who has had many people talk to them about suicide and self-harm. All my friends, probably know me as the suicidal person. I've tried to commit suicide twice now, both times stopped because I'm afraid of going further. The second time was more brutal than the first. Because I couldn't go all the way with it, people think I'm just attention seeking. My own mother just encouraged me to commit suicide, over the phone and before I said anything, she ended the call and I broke down. I've always been a broken mess. The only reason why she encouraged me to commit suicide was because of my suicide attempts, she would always threaten me but after my failed attempts, she has now in turn used my own suicide attempts as a way of encouraging me, in the past before my attempts she would just beat me senseless, to the point I now feel pleasure in pain. I feel broken inside, I now like seeing people in pain. I often browsed the gorey/dark side of the internet. Call me a sadist as you like. Well for you to understand what feelings right now, I got to bring you to the past. Ever since I was young, a wee lad. My parents would beat me, for anything minor. I spilled water on the ground, and I cleaned it up while my mum was on the phone witnessing it. I smiled to her, after she finished her call she slapped me, got out of the room and brought back a broom to beat me with. Another story, my dad was having his birthday and we made an absolute mess, it was fair that my mother didn't like that. So she got me to clean up but had set a timer for 2 minutes to clean the whole mess up. It would of definitely taken longer than 2 minutes to clean up everything. But every time the timer went off, she went and beat me and reset the timer, you would know the rest. Nothing got better after my dad left the family, my mother was upset and she took it out on me, saying things like "I should of never had you", "it would of been better if you were never born". It hurt a lot, I never showed it to her face, but every time I lay in bed, I pretend I have someone to hug me and make me feel better while crying. It does temporarily make me feel better but I've already accepted the fact, such a person doesn't exist, I've tried all those "suicide prevention" "get help here" websites and it makes me feel a lot more miserable. "You should talk with your friends", no. I've seen how my friends treat people who have depression or anxiety, make a mockery out of them, I've put on a facade of being pretty easy going and a normally happy person. "\[Person\] has anxiety? That's fucking bullshit", after hearing about one of my former classmates with anxiety, I felt that I could relate, my friends just laughed and mocked said person. I'm not certain if I have anxiety, I don't want to self-diagnose myself but I feel nervous to talk to people and have a difficult time starting conversations or talking to anyone to anyone new, I was just awkwardly wave or nod. There is absolutely nothing anyone or anything can do to make me feel happy, I've lost that emotion long ago. With some hobbies to make me feel relaxed but never complete. I use the internet as an escape, always in my head about the day I can live out the rest of my days in the virtual world, with everything going my way. I know I'm a degenerate, but sometimes I watch anime or read manga mainly 'isekai' and go. "I want to live there". But I know for a million years, or how many years after that will never be fulfilled. The only other salvation I can think of it death, because death is just endless sleep. I will never face pain, emotions and a uncaring world again. "You can't feel joy or some other bullshit, if you're dead", too bad, I've never experienced real joy, the joy you may think I'm experiencing is just a facade. 

I know, I'm very fully aware of how some people have it worse than me and I live in a blessed environment. Honestly, I rather die a slow painful death, rather than living a slow miserable life. I've already accepted my fate, that I will die alone. For my age, I'm thinking to far ahead but I always wanted a future where I could have my own family. "It's not too late, to start looking." Honestly it isn't too late, but no one will accept who I am, I have nothing positive going for me, only negatives. I'm ugly, I'm lazy, I'm a degenerate, I have no bright future. I'm the total absolute opposite of what any person would look for, for someone they want to live the rest of their days with. I may be trying to make my parents, friends and society as villains but in the end, I'm to blame. I've made my parents look guilty, but in reality I'm the guilty one, I've never tried hard in my studies, too lazy to work and other reasons I'm too ashamed to list. You the Redditor reading this will probably write something to try help me, but honestly reading articles and what other people have said I've stopped caring. So I apologise in advance, and honestly if something negative was written, I wouldn't mind. I know I've been babbling on and on about nonsense and my life story. But writing is one of my few hobbies, I never got into it in English classes and got average to low scores in tests. I'm highly delusional, always imagining myself into fantasies. Well back to guilt tripping my family, when ever I did something that my parents did punishable, my closet relatives who I would go to for help or protection ALWAYS and I don't mean enough when I say ALWAYS take the side of my parents. Surrendering me to my parents so they can beat me, I've been cut with a knife by my mother. THREATENED with a knife at my relatives place, no one batted a eye for me. Probably just wanting me to be cut down, at this point, right now in the present while I'm typing this, I wish only now that I was actually cut down. I've been thinking about writing a story, and publishing it to some random site for criticism. But I've never taken criticism well, even if it's to help me, I've been verbally abused too many times to tell the difference. Why I didn't do well at school, well I have an excuse, not a proper reason but merely a excuse. I've been yelled at while asking questions, when my parents would try help me and beat me without understanding the question because it's easy for them as adults but not easy for me as a kid. When they did tutor me from age 4 onwards up until highschool, I was beaten for asking questions, so I became the shy kid who never asked questions even if I was stuck on anything. I felt like I was a bother if I asked any questions if I was stuck, that there we a major backlash if I asked questions for being stuck. I mean, I was beaten for asking questions. Only until my final year of highschool did I ask a few questions, but it was too late, I had dropped out of all my "uni/college enabling" courses (I know the proper name of the course). So I didn't do well, I tried enrolling into a uni/college enabling course and failed. So for the past two years, I've been living a lie. I lied that I had entered a college/uni for the past two years, I feel so guilty. I know what would happen if my mother were to find out, I would move out but I have no money, I'm too lazy that I barely work, the work is too hard that I work only a few hours. It's almost the start of the the third year, I'm meant to "graduate" soon. But there is nothing to graduate from and that is making feel miserable. I just wanted a life where I can enjoy myself, live life to the fullest, no need to work hard. But that's not how the world works and I know it. I'm old enough where I should be able to make my own decisions but I feel like a toddler still not ready for the reality of this world.

I don't know whether I've strayed off-topic, a paragraph about my life and why it fell into a shithole. I can't really blame anyone but myself. Maybe all those questions, I should of known them myself. Maybe, I couldn't solve them because I'm just a moron. To the point where I've become a shut-in only pretending to go to college/uni and making up a fake timetable. Soon enough, all my family and friends will realise my lie, lashing out at me for being a useless member of society. I just want to die, I want this nightmare to end, I really don't want to be here anymore. I'm not strong enough mentally to live here anymore. I've only written on this sub, to try make myself feel better but it's not working. It makes me realise of what a scumbag I really am, not doing anything for society and trying to victimise myself. 

I apologise, for the extremely long read. I know most of you won't read it, and skip to the bottom for a TLDR, but there is none and you leave the post for a shorter read. If I did put a TLDR, it would just make myself feel a lot more meaningless, which is a fact I'm stating.