an islandI've been depressed and had anxiety for as long as I can remember. It started around nine or ten, I think. I've also been abused in every way possible, barring the physical, from my family. One of my parents was an addict, and the other a codependent enabler. They deny anything happened, though, and they minimize that which they will admit, and even to this day I question my own memories. A sibling molested me for years, and I've only told therapists and a few friends.

I also have rather crippling OCD, which makes it incredibly difficult to do just about anything that I used to like. But there isn't much that I like anymore. None of my hobbies seem like fun, and I'm bored and apathetic towards everything. 

I never used to have paranoia or social anxiety, but in the last year it's developed, and now I'm afraid of my own shadow, it seems.

I've tried everything: therapy, exercise, support groups, a diet change, vitamins, a cross-country move. They all feel like little bandages for the symptoms rather than fixes. I've been on antidepressants both hard and soft, anti-psychotics, and mood stabilizers. Right now I just take clonazepam to put myself to sleep whenever I feel particularly bad. Really, I only feel like I'm going through the motions. Everyone around me seems to believe that I can fix this just by trying, so if I pretend to try, no one will be angry if I'm still sad.

I have one offline friend and two online ones, but I find it hard to relate to them, or anybody. I am manipulative and unstable, and generally passive-aggressive because I think it might get me attention. (Even now, the guilt from treating people so poorly in itself makes me want to throw myself off the side of an icebreaker ship. I can't live with that.) I have anger issues that I can't seem to solve. I do not have many useful skills, and there would be no major hole in the world if I left.

Generally, I feel like a tiny person staring through the eyes of a big hollow shell. There is a high emotional pressure in my skull for which I can't seem to find a valve. I alternate between intense depression and total detachment – there are days where I can almost sense myself drifting miles and miles away.

I don't know why I'm posting here, because it won't help. All the times I've posted here (probably seven or eight, in total) have never helped. It's not you guys. You guys are wonderful, for putting up with people like us. But venting stopped being a pressure-release a year and a half ago; now I just feel like I'm reading off of a script. And I don't deserve whatever nice things people are going to say.

I don't know why society feels the need to want to help people like me. I would love for a quick and easy fade-out – I am an island and so nothing would change. I haven't attempted yet because even that seems like too much effort.