I dont know if I should live or dieIm 16 years old and I live in Singapore. Ever since I was 9, I wanted to start a tech company. Thats the only reason im still alive today. I want to be able to achieve my dream. But now I give up. I know Im not going to be rich. Most startups fail. I know Im not going to start the next google or apple. Im not that smart. But I wanted to try anyway. But now I think people are going to prevent me from achieveing my dreams. I have an abusive father who hit me when I was younger. Over here, it is legal to hit your child in the name of 'discipline'. Ever since i got hit, I started to hate authority and to question everything. I also started hating my parents. My parents are socially conservative and risk averse. They want me to live a normal life and have a normal job. But I cant stand it. I would hate working for someone else and listening to instructions. They think Im crazy to want to drop out of school and start a company. They thought I would grow out of it but I didnt. When I told them Im suicidal, they asked me to kill myself because they dont want someone who doesnt listen to their instructions. They think Im being brainwashed by the internet when I was like this all along. If anything theyre trying to brainwash me. They also spy on my internet. When i found out about it, I felt like my privacy was violated. Theyre probably spying on this too but I dont care. Im afraid they would not let me follow my dream because they want me to go to college and have a normal job. I also hate my school. Im an atheist but I go to a christian school. Most people regard it as one of the best schools in the country. But I hate it. I hate having to listen to chapel or morning devotions everyday. I wake up sleep deprived and the first thing I have to listen to is this. I also hate the school system. I fell that they focus too much on memorisation and tests. Whats the point of memorising something if you can write it down on a piece of paper and apply it.  Whats the point of studying for a test if you forget what you learn 2 weeks later. I think learning should be about understanding and applying what you learn in the real world and not some theoretical scenario your teacher cooks up. School doesnt teach me anything useful anyway.  Most subjects I learn are useless. Im not going to use literature, biology or history in real life. In singapore, we also have to learn our mother tongue which is even more useless because I speak english all the time. The only subjects I can handle are math, physics and to a smaller extent chemistry because they require less memorisation. Every second I spend in school makes me depressed. I feel like an object that is supposed to do what it is told. Im not going to have a job. Why do i need school or university? It would just be a huge amount of debt I have to deal with. I dont hate learning. I actually like learning but I think most of what you learn in university can be learned online without the debt. I dont need a certificate to prove to someone that Im smart because I know Im not and I dont care about what other people think of me. However, I hate memorising. I feel disgusted to do memorise just for a test. I just want to drop out of school but my parents wont let me. I was excused from school for a month for attempting suicide. That was a very productive month. I learned the command line, git, html, ruby and a little bit of rails. I still need to learn css, javascript and the rest of rails. But i cant concentrate on anything now that i have to go back to school. Im depressed again and I have lost interest in everything. School sucks the happiness out of me. I dont have any friends either. There are people I like talking to but we are not close. We just share jokes and make fun of each other. Whenever I talk to them, they talk about school related stuff. When I told them that I wanted to start a tech company and that i didnt want to go to college, they thought i was joking. They all want to have normal jobs. Nobody thinks like me in my school, which is ok. People have the right to live their life the way they choose but this makes me depressed and lonely. I also get in trouble in school for mocking religion. They threatened to call the police on me for hate speech the next time i criticise religion. They have the right to believe what they want and  I have the right to criticise it. Forcing me to listen to their christian stuff is opression. I see no point in going to school. I also hate the country i live in. Its practically a dictatorship. Theres little freedom here. I cant even criticise the government. Most people, not all, are very socially conservative here. Im socially very liberal and I hate living here. The worst part is the age of majority here is 21. I cant wait to cut all ties with my parents. I dont think I can last another 5 years with them. Im legally not allowed to start a company until then, which makes me more depressed. Also you have to serve the army for 2 years once youre 19. I dont think i can survive listening to instructions and serving a dictatorship i despise. The only option I have is to cancel my PR and move back to India, where I was born and am a citizen of. But India is even more socially conservative than Singapore and it much less developed. Also immigrating to another country would be more difficult due to backlogs. My parents said theyll try to send me to another country nexy year, probably Edmonton, Canada. But what if the people there are just as conservative? Then im stuck. I would also have to live in a boarding school where I would have little freedom. They may restrict internet usage. How can I learn to code and start an internet company without the internet. I may also get physically bullied. I dont get bullied here because Im taller than most people at 178cm. If I go to Canada, people would probably be taller and I might get beat up. So Im not sure if things will get better there. If I wanted to go there, I would still need to pass my exams this year or they will not accept me. But Im not sure if i can pass because I was absent for a month and I feel disgusted to memorise. I usually do well at school but i dont think i will now because there is less than a month to the exam and i dont know anything. Even if i manage to go to Canada, I can only stay there temporarily on a student visa. Once that expires I have nowhere to go. I could get a startup visa but it requires Candian investment and Canadian VCs suck. I cant go to Silicon Valley where the opportunities lie because of Xenophobic immigration laws. So, Im afraid xemophobic immigration laws and my abusive parents will prevent me from achieving my dream. Thats the only reason I live for. I would rather die than have a normal job. I dont know what to do. Right now Im either rotting away in school or locking myself up in my room so that i dont have to see or talk to my abusive father. I feel like Im in prison. I cut myself to get rid of the  anger and pain. I have to see my school counsellor and a psychiatrist regularly but its not helping. The psychiastrist wants to give me antidepressants but im not sure if they have side effects or that it will make me any happier. I dont know what to do. Should I live or die?