I feel as though this is both the best and worst I've been.The oxymoronic title may be confusing, so allow me to explain.

In many ways, I'm doing much better. In the past year, I've been through a lot. I used to cut, I used to smoke cigarettes, I used to not care about my wellbeing almost at all, I didn't know how to shut up about my issues, I always made suicide jokes out loud to cope (being half serious naturally), and much more. I had a lot of bad going for me in the early months of the year. Whereas I'm not saying I won't do any of that in the future, especially smoking or something, I'm not doing those things right now. And now I have some amount of level-headedness, I'm more aware of both myself and my situation rather than being blinded by naive and overwhelming pessimism and cynicism, and in a lot of ways, I've matured a lot as a person. That being said, things are still far from perfect, or even contentment. With old issues being resolved, new ones must always surface...


Things have been so, ao difficult lately for reasons that seem so fresh. My loneliness is through the roof, or at least I haven't been handling my loneliness well at all lately. I feel so isolated since I haven't many friends, and even when the few friends I have want to go out (which is rare), my depression and anxiety often make me decline their offers or cancel plans outright just before they happen. I've been obsessed with my want for companionship, so much so that even seeing a girl that I may have an interest in really fucks with me. I've always been sensitive to innocent and cute topics/pictures/media, etc, them depressing me greatly for a reason I myself can only speculate on. However lately this sensitivity has (hopefully) come to its peak, it being the most sensitive it's most likely ever been for me. I don't get if it's my loss of childhood, lack of a normal childhood, the fact of my innocence having been taken at an early age, or what else it may be, but the sensitivity to innocent and cute things has been within me for a decent while now. It fucks with me the most. The smallest thing can send me into the deepest depression. That sentence doesn't even just apply to the sensitivity to innocence and such, actually. It can apply to my depression, anxiety, and loneliness in general. The smallest inconvenience (though it has to be a bit specific) can take me from the best of moods to the darkest of thoughts and emotions.

To sum up, things have been very, very hard lately. The entire Summer they have. I'm sure there's more I forgot fo mention, but it's 2:21 AM for me, and I can't be fucked to think of more to type. I just wanted to vent and get some comments back. Anyways, thanks for reading and leaving a comment if you do. Cheers everyone.