It's not worth it if I have to be attracted to other guysoriginal post: http://www.reddit.com/r/lgbt/comments/gajsy/i_wish_i_didnt_have_these_attractions/

So I took some of the comment's advice. I chilled out and met a guy who wanted to hook up. When I got back to my dorm, I had already been feeling a bit sick, that coupled with the fact that I was thoroughly disgusted with myself for enjoying hooking up with another guy made me throw up. I spent the next twenty minutes punching my concrete wall so hard my knuckles started to bleed.

I can't do this, I don't want to live anymore if it means I have to be gay. It makes me physically ill to my stomach if what society's telling me is true: I can't change this. I don't want to be gay more than anything else in the world, I would be okay with being bi, hell, even lying about it would be better. Everyone keeps telling me it would be wrong to get in a relationship with a girl if no sexual attraction was there and if I can't even do that, I don't want to live anymore.

Society would accept me, my friends would all accept me, but they would never treat me the same again. My parents are convinced that homosexuality doesn't exist, that its all based on environment and upbringing, they wouldn't hate me or throw me out, in fact they're the least of my concerns.

Its me mainly, I don't want to be gay. I tried it and it made me sick at my stomach, I hate everything about it from the culture to the fact that I can't live my dream of being married to a beautiful wife with children without somehow being a "bad person". I won't accept this, I don't give a shit if you call it self-hatred. I talked to a suicide hotline, they basically talked me out of it and told me the same thing as everyone else, you can't help it. I talked to a guy at our school's LGBT support center, he also said I have no choice in the matter. If this is truly the case then I'm done, fuck it. I will not live my life "being" gay and I will not live my life celibate.

Edit: I know this is cliche as hell, but I wanna thank everyone for the encouragement. After about half an hour of reading comments I ran over to the gym for a quick workout sesh and I already feel loads better. For now I'm not gonna worry about it anymore, if suicide is an option, as one of you pointed out, I have a self-determined amount of time before that to do whatever the fuck I want to find out who I am. On top of that, Purple_Antwerp's words really made me realize that I need to man the fuck up and not label myself so I can really find out who I am. Seeing as I'm not an atheist, liberal, or an introvert, its times like these that really make me truly appreciate Reddit.