Schedule of a suicideHello.

I have been depressed many times in my life, even if I am only 24. I was depressed for the past 7 months or so because of my job and the fact that I could not make friends with my colleagues. I was frustrated by the job and I started to refuse their invitations for having lunch together. Then I started to communicate less and less. It is childish and shows my lack of control and the obnoxious personality I developed (not sure it is the write word, I never caused them any harm apart from refusing them). I feel ashamed to look at them because we were friends once and now I am just a person there. I submitted my resignation and next Wednesday it is my last day.

I realized that I have almost no friends left because they are either getting jobs or girlfriends and don't have time, especially no time or disposition to list to something like what I am writing now. Of course, I don't have any new friends because of myself. I try to be objective and behave appropriately with others (I failed properly hard at my workplace, really disappointed, but I learned a lesson I hope). I am actually an optimistic (naive maybe) person, but very wary at the same time. This loneliness brings me close to despair, I feel a lot of pain because I want to talk to someone but I feel that I can't. I also long for a little physical contact since I receive at most 2 hugs per year.

I thought about suicide a few times, always in a rigorous manner - quit any job I may have, sell everything I own and send the money to my family and to charity. Then have a very private death with the body hopefully never found, like jumping in a large river with a backpack full of rocks. I also set a deadline for myself to live until when I am around 35 years old, but recently I felt like I can't resist that long. I would like to start doing it now, but my sister is studying abroad and she calls me often for help with her homework or questions. I decided that under no circumstance am I allowed to die before she graduates (2021). Today was the first time I felt like losing it, the urge to do it as soon as possible. I will cause my parents and my sister so much pain that I can't even imagine. I find it very hard to deal with. I scheduled a meeting with a psychiatrist a week ago but I was so late I had to cancel, and then felt too ashamed to call again for a reschedule. But I will probably reschedule tomorrow as I am afraid the holidays will make me feel worse.

I really felt the need to tell someone these thoughts, I don't expect any input, I'm just grateful this subreddit exists. Still, if you visited a psychiatrist and received useful advice, it would be welcomed.

Thanks.