Suicidal and homelessSo many of you have families and jobs

I have neither. 

I have been told I "must" go to a shelter and not ask any questions.

Shelters are full, dirty and sleep deprive everyone. Who can sleep soundly in a room full of strangers, then rise at 5am, and back out to the cold?

Thats what I've been reduced to because no one will hire me. I dont do manual labor work. I used to do thinking work. Its my age, but we're not permitted to discuss age anywhere, not in askHR or any job forum. We must pretend its a non issue.

I am also suppose to ignore my education,  knowledge, skills, and anything I know about disability, human resources, finance. 

I have been attacked on reddit by younger people who "told me I must apply for disability because their neighbor got it or some lawyer told them how to get it."

Keep dehumanizing me. Ignore my thoughts, feelings and income needs.

Who here lives alone?

Who here can live on $1000/mo or less?

Cars are a need for most people, it is for me.

Suicide is my only option. A homeless shelter is not. They dont get me to a place to earn a living and then my own apt. 

I know, ive been there. Caseworkers talk down to me, tell me to ignore my education, ignore my knowledge and be gleeful over used clothes, and poverty existence. 

So a person with a Masters degree (oops, I did it again, sorry for mentioning it), is supposed to beg a Chick Fil A, Walmart, Supermarket to hire me, for $12/hr or less

Then I tell the IRS and lawyer I spoke with that they are wrong, I dont have to pay my debts and can ignore them and live on $10/hour net in my car, without bathing and be at peace and offer the best customer service in any job

My health is not disability eligible 

But I have gastrointestinal issues causing constipation and I cant get to a bathroom often. 

And I cant shower

I wasnt raised like this. And I dont qualify for homeless services. 

But that is all people tell me to do, run to places that cant help me and be blissfully happy for used clothes, carbohydrate laden food handouts that I cant eat and enjoy poverty existence