At war with my self-sabotageHi. I was diagnosed with depression 15 years ago. My abusive family didn't care about my meds, so I had to be reanimated after suicide attempt as a teenager. As an adult I endured being homeless twice (2 years, then a few months), progressing disability (sight loss, suspicion of MS, chronic pain, and other), constant lack of money, selling myself for a place to live, a year when I stayed in bed for days, skipping showers and food... I managed to finish school after 7 years of dropping out (I became homeless while still attending high school) and even got accepted at uni (our schools are free). I did my best to follow meds and therapy plans, worked on myself and my reactions, tried to be more open to people. After ten years of hard mental work I finally can notice and name my emotions, see that not choosing is still a choice, and understand how my head works. All my friends say I've changed a lot and for better.

Yet, I have a new crisis. For last year I've been slowly ruining my education by skipping classes and not using opportunities created by pretty decent uni authorities. I'm stuck in therapy, because I can't make any further progress until I force myself to do something, change something. It feels almost physical when I try to shove myself into sticking with my own plans, even though they're not big ones. I tried to get a part-time job to get back on job hunting market, but I had to quit it after damaging my sight even more.

Right now I'm at the verge of becoming homeless again, got kicked out of the uni, and with no money for most meds. I already asked my friends to pay some bills and meds for me and I don't want to ask too often. I see how my self-destructive part gains more and more power over the reasonable one, however I still can see how ridiculous it is. I'm really afraid that - after two years with no serious suicide thoughts - I'll do something irreversible. I also get urges to cut my arms, which I hadn't done for almost 5 years. I feel safer when doing nothing, even though I know it's way more dangerous. Today I cried in the middle of street, because I can't take this amount of stress anymore.

How does one force themselves to act? How to motivate yourself to fight? I'm sure I want to live, but I'm also sure I'm not able to live this way anymore. Suicide seems like bad decision, but the only one, which can give me some peace. I see it like a tooth removal - you don't want to get rid of your teeth, but it's so damaged it's the only way to get rid of pain.