I honestly don't know what to do anymoreI'm sorry if this is long, I'm currently laying in bed and I'm really tired.

I know I could just get right into it but I just want to sum up some things so I don't have to explain them later.

I've been fighting depression for about 5 years now. I had a girlfriend back then who was very therapeutic for me. We were together for 6 years. Then she cheated on me. Depression got a lot worse. I played a lot on Steam, so I had some friends on there that I always talked to and played with almost every day. One of them was this girl who was there for me and helped me through a lot. Long story short (a very long story), this girl on Steam lived in Canada and said that she liked me and wanted to meet me. So I travelled up there and met her.

She was fantastic. We had a couple little relationship problems at first (sex was awkward, etc.) but we worked it out and everything was good. Over the course of the next few months, I flew back up to Canada to visit here three more times. Then, the last time I had to go back to the States, we talked about me moving up to Canada permanently. My life has been going downhill ever since the first girl broke up with me. I had nothing to live for. I mean, I was going to a community college but I was just going through the motions, you know? Job blew. I hated the small town I lived in. I said fuck it, packed what little things I owned into my car, she flew down to the closest airport that I lived to and we drove up to Canada together.

The drive was beautiful. I loved it! I gave up everything I had (I know, not much) to start a new life somewhere new with someone who I loved dearly. Everything has been great up until recently. She came to me the other night with divorce papers in her hand and said, "I can't do this anymore"....

I don't have anywhere to go. Since she was my sponsor (and wife), soon I will not be able to stay legally here in Canada. I have nowhere to go back to. And I quite literally mean that. Nowhere. I spent the better portion of the last two days calling every single person I know for help/advice, and everyone has basically told me the same thing:

"Oh, that sucks. Well, get over it. Get a job. You're too old to be living under someone else's roof now."

To put it bluntly, I was figuring I'd end it in the bath tub one day my wife (ex-wife) is at work or something. I don't know. I don't know exactly how to do it. I don't have any strength, and what I mean is, I have no drive to WANT to go back to where I lived and just continue with my life like how it was before I moved to Canada. I love it here. I don't want to go back... 