straw camel backI'm a 26 year old male, I've been alone for most of my life, I was abused as a child and I never got help. I've lived such a low quality life and it's only getting worse. I've never trusted anyone. I had a disgusting sexual encounter during a moment of desperation on saturday night, that's hard enough to deal with. 

I felt an itchy pain on my inner thigh as I was walking up my stairs about half an hour ago, I looked and found what I thought might be a bug bite. I'm 95% sure it's a herpes sore. No, i'm not going to kill myself because I might have herpes. I'm going to kill myself because of all the other reasons, this just makes it a little bit easier. 

I'm a good person, I always help when i'm needed. I'm kind and caring, i'm considerate and I feel a sharp sense of empathy/sympathy. I'm intelligent, i'm attractive, I'm funny, I have great ideas and I'm a hard worker. 

But i'm nothing and i have nobody. I'm thin and I have to force myself to eat, when I do eat it's pizza or hamburgers. I'd like to turn it around but I know that I won't put the effort into it. I'm afraid to die, I don't want to die, there's so many good feelings to be had if only I had someone to share my life with. I'm pretty sure that I self-sabotage. All I ever wanted was someone to love, by chickening out every chance I have, I'll never find anyone. 

I know in my heart of hearts that i'm just going to keep wasting my life away in front of this screen. It's so unnecessary, but it's all I've ever really known. The only thing that keeps me holding on is the hope that some day I'll have some sort of happiness with someone for a few years. That hope only goes so far, it's just not worth the wait any longer.

I want to jump from somewhere high. I'm going to go to a bar, i'm going to spend all my money on the most expensive scotch they have, i'm going to get wasted and then i'm going to go climb the railing of a bridge and hang off the side until I'm too cold and tired to hang on any longer. 

Maybe someone will say something that changes my mind, it'll take something special though. I've read a lot of text during my life and none of it has really had much of an impact on me. Maybe there's someone else who's suicidal who i'll become friends with and we'll help each other. Maybe some lurker will make an account and say something meaningful. I'm just straight up begging here, I hate how this looks and what it actually is. 