Be kind and selfless is a suicideI've always been the person where people go to when they need a temporary company. I can almost  be s people's "psychologist", because of how they come to me, transfer all their darkness to me and leave. I don't care if they leave after obtaining what they want, I really don't. I think it is one of the things which I could be proud of. I made this post not to blame my own depression on them, rather I want to share my experience. Maybe someone in the same situation as me can avoid the mistakes I've made. 

I've been told to be kind, always be at someone's help because the happiness you're getting from helping others is one of a kind. Well, it is true if I ask my past self, yes it's a good feeling when someone can tell their problems to you, but I was hit into a deep state of thinking a few weeks ago when a friend of mine suddenly becomes enraged at me and said things such as "I'm glad you're not here", "If you're gone it would be amazing" or even comparing me to someone else. 

It hit me because I've reflected on why she would say that? what have I done to deserve such verbal assaults? I haven't got the answer until she revealed to me that she was just in bad mood and needed to express herself. All that sounds excusable, but it got me thinking of why I am the one who's targetted for this? I treated her with respect, I've known her for a couple of years now, I've spent a lot of my time helping her with whatever she has problems on. It didn't hit me until I realized that the fact they know I'll always be with them, I've become an object of some sort, me living just for the sake of others that deserves no proper treatment. I try to be optimistic and be happy because smiles are contagious, but I can't deny that I cry when reaching home. Out of everyone that has recounted their misfortune to me, I've lived that....but much worse...Why am I the one that has to be strong in order for others to take advantage of me? I do not know but I wish to find out. Would anyone care if today or tomorrow I am wiped out of existence? 

I do not wish to leave anyone, but this is becoming harder and harder. Day by day I feel like I'm falling deeper down the hole of despair, becoming more and more colourblind in a world filled with colours. 

I wish my parents would stop loving me so I can be truly alone, I wish people could stop seeing me as an option so I'll be free. We live in a society where most angels are covered by scars and those scars need to be healed. Angels they are, but most often the ones who heal the scars have nowhere to heal their own, which are often worse than the individuals they heal. This is my experience, I don't think anyone would read this but if you do, it means the world to me. I'm sorry if this isn't structured, it's just ramblings...and Yes, you can talk to me if you need someone to talk to...just DM me.