Last call into the void. Or a suicide note.Don't know which it ends up being, yet.

I'm sorry, to everyone who finds it. I am the most worthless person I know.

I just want to be loved. In a romantic way. I know I'm not worth it. Everyone I know is. But not me, never me.

I am done. I've tried too many times. It hurts. It hurt the first time I loved someone. When I knew I never was liked even. That I would not be loved. I had hope, and I had it crushed. It hurt when that person came back, and breathed hope back into me.

It hurts every time I try meeting new people just wanting to be loved. And I'm never needed. Especially not irl. Online I can spend time with people, but nobody ever wants it to go offline.

It hurts every time people complain about their relationship problems, and I just sit there. Unable to say anything. Unable to relate. Because I never will be in one. Because I am worthless. It hurts every time I'm reminded of that. Especially now.

It hurts every time people tell me that I am somehow worth someone's attention and love. Because they lie. I am not worth theirs. It's always "someone" that is not them. Or, in case of my parents, they try to make me feel good. And they lie. Try to tell me I have redeeming qualities yet at the same time berating those when I feel better. Like my appearance.

It hurts every time people say "you just need time, finish a degree first". I don't want a degree. When I get it, I'll be wasting my life in a job &gt;8 hours a day 5 days a week. I won't have time. I don't want any of that, I just want love. And I'm not worth any. Degree or no degree. Maybe I'm worth being deceived and leeched on for money while being cheated on, but not loved.

It hurts every time my attempts are quasi (or regularly)-ghosted. Every time I express interest in someone and they never reply to me after a short dialogue. It hurts every time people have the decency to reject me, because most times they lie about why they did.

It hurts when people complain about their situations. Whether as a response to me, or if they simply do. I always want to say "at least you are loved. Wanna switch? I'll sort out your problems in a couple months". But I can never switch. And never will be able to.

It hurts me every time I talk to people online, because that's the only way I can, and I'm rejected at the end. When I have little bits of hope, when I have a little fun, and get crushed.

It hurts me every time people say I just want attention. Because I do. I'm ready to give it back, too. But I just don't deserve any.

I don't want no afterlife. I don't want to get better. I'm so afraid of the quantum immortality-type scenario, that I can not escape my consciousness because I can't ever experience being unconscious. I don't want help. I don't want to see everyone celebrating new years with the people they love, the people that love them back. I just want to go. To disappear.

I will try, soon. It's 5 am here now. I slept for a bit. I will hopefully cry myself into sleep some more, then wake up, leave home and do it. It hurts, because I will wound everyone I love and make them feel responsible. I am afraid of a cascade of suicides among the people I love that I will probably cause.

I'm sorry. I hope not to change my mind. I'm sorry for being rude to y'all in these words. I just... Want to speak what I think one last time.

I care for y'all. I'm sorry it's this way. I wish it could be different. I wish there was no pain in this world. Have a good 2019, everyone.