I don't know what to do anymore.This year has been the worse year of my life and I'm afraid to keep going because I just know it's going to get worse.

My mom died in Feburary because of an accidental overdose of prescription medication. I found her. It was the worst day of my life. I miss her so much and life just seems empty without her. I had to leave my house of 11 years because of her death.

Then in May, I find out that both my cats have lung cancer. One had six months, the other two years. Just thinking of seeing them dead one day is too much for me and where I'm currently living, I can't be with them.

Also in my, one of my brothers and his gf broke into my old home  (due to a full time job, I hadn't had time to get everything out yet) and stole a bunch of my things.

Then in August, my bf got very sick and was in the hospital for over a week. He's fine now but the stress caused me to lose a lot of my hair.

Now, my brother (not the one that stole my stuff) is literally dying. He was on meth very bad and got an infection in his body. It has been going on for over a year but last week, he had a blood clot travel to his brain and burst. Now the infection is in brain and heart, his lung has collapsed, the left side of his heart is pretty much dead and his kidneys are shutting down. They took him off the respirator and feeding tube Thursday and moved him into hospice. He's still alive but he's completely unreponsive. It's just waiting now which just feels awful. Although after he got on drugs really bad and did some horrible things to me and my family, I keep thinking about how he used to be and I wish more than anything that I could have my old brother back and now he's dying and it's destroying me.

I've been sick and the doctor doesn't exactly know why. I'm scared it's something very bad but I don't have medical insurance so there isn't much I can do.

I live in a constant state of panic, I can't sleep, I just feel completely hopeless and I'm afraid to go on. But I'm also afraid to die and I don't want to leave my bf and my father behind. 

I just don't know what to do.