Another yearI honestly don't think i can go another year. I feel like all I'm doing is passing time because I don't want my last moments alive to be filled with the guilt of knowing how those around me will feel. But honestly it's not getting better, I can't even remember the last time I felt happy. I have no social life outside a few close friends who are busy with their own lives. I've tried of course but it's difficult. 

I'm transgender and living in a supposedly progressive city but I've come to realize that I'm a little to different. I can't transition so most social groups either don't really offer support, don't want me there, or are to difficult to attend. The few groups that exist for non transitioning people are usually filled with people that have good reasons, kids, jobs they care about, spouses. I'm simple i just can't take any of the usual steps to transition due to health complications. I can't relate to them at all and given their motivations to not transition I suspect they can't relate to me in any way beyond the most simple circumstantial way.

I haven't been able to find even the most simple minimum wage job even with the assistance of a social worker whose sole job it is to help me do so. I'm that fucking useless. I was fired from my last job for being trans. It was in a probation period so they didn't have to give cause but I have pretty reliable assurance that was the cause.

I don't care about anything anymore really. I don't feel rewarded from good performance in school. Nothing that used to interest me seems to matter. The new things I try don't seem to either. I've already done the oft advised "pick up your life and just move" thing twice now so I don't really entertain that's actually any sort of option. I don't really even have the resources to do it.

I can't fucking sleep. I should have been in be hours ago even given the occasion but I can't. I already see a doctor. I've seen tons of them I can't actually count the  number on my hands anymore. This is the best of them but even he's pretty useless (at least for me).

I'm so fucking alone. I know there are people that love me but honestly it's just going through the motions. It's unconditional love which honestly seems more like an act of desperation than anything else. It's obligated not earned after all. I'm always alone. When push comes to shove there is no one that I would be first priority to.

I'll always be trapped in this horrible body. I can't stand any of it. I don't know why I'm posting I have a pretty good guess of all the suggestions to come, and I've made all the efforts before. Maybe this is more about justifying the decision to myself really. I know the lies we feed people on the edge. It gets better, give it a year, time heals all wounds. Not really lies I suppose I'm sure generally they could be fairly accurate but there are always exceptions.