After reading a lot of posts from this subreddit for quite some time I'm starting to feel selfish, yet I don't really care.Hi. I'm nineteen and I've been having very real thoughts about my suicide since the age of ten.

I really am not sure where it all started from but whenever things went very wrong in my life I feel better by thinking "It's fine, I'll die soon anyway" but it's going to be another 5 and a half years until I do so.

It's not like I've even lived a hard life. I had my problems with my father all my life but in the past year it has been solved. My family is loving enough and I'm very, very lucky when compared to some other humans on this world. But I still feel like I have no ambition or goals to do anything. I have very low lows and seemingly no highs. More often than not I'm in a sort of "middle ground" where I'm not having a bad day but I'm far from having a decent one.


Right now I'm laid off and I'm spending a lot of time playing video games again. I've always had this dream to be a professional gamer at a certain game but the chances of that happening even if I possessed the skills necessary are low. Other than that, I have nothing I really want to do in life. I don't want to work, I don't want to go to school, I don't want to go to bars and drink with friends, hell I don't even like alcohol (19 is the legal drinking age in Canada). 

None of my friends or family knows that I'm planning my suicide at the age of 25. No one even knows how saddened I am about the globe running beneath me. 

I feel like a statistic. An underwhelming, underachieving, uneducated child. I'm ignorant to the world around me and I don't care.

Since I was around 10, I would pretend I was a singer or actor in a movie or song for the brief moment of watching or listening it just so I can bathe in some positive attention and feel like I've done something I can be proud of. I just finished watching this dumb movie on Netflix called "Take the 10" for the tenth time. It's not even a good movie I just really like one of the main characters and I can see myself in that role. Not that I can act. I can't. It's just that I can relate and be appealed by this role. I do this so often. I've re-watched several shows. Breaking Bad, Drake &amp; Josh, Dexter, The 100, Brooklyn 99, Travellers, Sense 8, Hemlock Grove, Lethal Weapon, iZombie and many many more. Just because there is one actor that I really like and I pretend I am that person. 

I don't know if that last part was relevant, but it's something I've never said in words or aloud and it's also strange. So, maybe there's some connection with what I feel about my path in life and this hobby of mine. I really rather watch bad movies and shows over and over than watch something new. One of the turn-ons of me watching a show is googling an actor in that series or movie that I can pretend to be, lol.

Yeah, not sure why I wrote all of this here. Sorry if this isn't the correct subreddit. I just really had a lot on my mind currently and I wanted to put it into words. I really hope to talk to some people about it. Cheers.