There's nothing I want to do with my life anymore. The only thing that makes me happy is friendship, but I've had to give up on that. I feel alone and life is pointless.Hey, reddit.

I don't expect anyone to be able to help me, but I thought I'd at least give it a try. Sorry for the length of this, but I tend to be easily misunderstood, so I wanted to try to avoid that. (There is a summary at the end if needed.)

I've never been able to connect with people in any meaningful way. I have Asperger's Syndrome (I know, I know, who on the internet *doesn't* these days? I was diagnosed last year.) - but unlike some Aspies I know of, I deeply craved personal relationships, rather than preferring to be left alone most of the time. I'm actually able to come off as normal-ish, merely shy/quiet (though perhaps somewhat eccentric). But when I make that attempt, I merely form "friendships" based around a false exterior, which I've learned are worthless. But when I just be myself, I don't make friends at all.

I've wanted to kill myself for almost as long as I can remember. I started feeling suicidal in 2002, when I was 14. In 2007, I decided that I would kill myself in 1 year if I couldn't go at least 1 straight week of wanting to be alive. That way, no one could say it was a hasty, stupid decision. 2008 came, and I almost went through with it, but I didn't because someone I was trying to make friends with sent me a message on MySpace, and I thought maybe there was a chance we might become friends (we didn't). My mom found out about my intention and I ended up hospitalized. Since then, I've felt too bad for my mom to go through with it, but I can't keep living just for that reason.

I have a very narrow range of interests: I enjoy listening to music and singing, and creative works (such as music creation, photography and videography, and writing). (I used to enjoy web design and programming, but that interest has faded.) These are the only things that make me happy for any lasting amount of time. But that all seems insignificant a lot of times, and sometimes I just don't feel like it. The only other thing that makes me truly happy and want to live is when I feel hope about a friendship or a relationship. I've never had a "best friend" or a boyfriend (I'm gay), but when a friendship seemed to be heading in that direction, the hope was enough. I've never wanted much out of life other than personal connection. I'm not interested in the typical goals people have for life, like college, career, etc. I wouldn't care that much if I became homeless. Stuff like that has just never been important to me for some reason.

After being burned too many times to handle, I have decided to stop seeking personal relationships. I know it sounds like, "Well there's your problem right there; you gave up!", but I did it for a good reason. I have very literally *never* succeeded in having a significant personal friendship (in real life). Every new failure piles on the weight of all my past failures. When I get my hopes up and things fail yet again, it is absolutely too much to handle. I don't want to go through that anymore. I don't think I could do that again and come out of it alive. I have some sort of attachment issue that causes me to like people way more than they like me. Every person I like is the most important person in the world. So I am actively avoiding personal relationships now.

I thought my decision to stop needing other people to complete me would be the best thing for me. It took a fair amount of work to start self-validating instead of looking to others for validation, but I did it. Unfortunately, even though I continue to do it, the effect didn't last, and I've started feeling overwhelmingly depressed and lonely again. So, fuck. I don't know what to do anymore. I seriously have no clue. I really think there is no answer here. I can't want people, I can't not want people... I can't just outright ignore it because there's not much else I want out of life... The only reason I'm still alive is because I just never quite had the nerve to go through with suicide, but my 21st birthday is coming up in a few weeks, and once I get some alcohol in my system I think I'll finally be able to go through with it. Even though I am posting here, I really do want to kill myself; I've wanted to do it for so long it's practically a life aspiration at this point. I'm really just posting here just in case someone comes up with something I hadn't thought of.

Other notes: I tried therapy and psychotherapy for about a year, but I don't think it really helped. I also tried anti-depressants, but they didn't have a noticeable effect, even when I tried overdosing slightly. I tried exercising regularly, but it only helped a little bit, and I wouldn't call the mood "happy"... I still felt like crap overall about my life, but there was a bit of a temporary "giddiness" (not giddiness, but I lack a better word) where I just didn't care. It caused me to do stupid things without caring about the consequences, and basically be a totally different person that I didn't like. There was also the stress of having the weird chemical "happy"-like feeling whilst still hating my life because nothing had actually changed, two conflicting feelings. It makes me content in the moment, but it doesn't motivate me to do anything with life long-term. I guess the one thing I haven't tried is diet, but that's because I don't have the money to buy my own food (nor do I know what to eat). Also, I'm wary of just "hacking" my brain to feel happy without actually changing anything in my life, after the experience with "giddiness" that I didn't like.

Lastly - and hopefully this goes without saying - but please don't reply with a harsh tone or insensitivity, as I have found that it doesn't help me at all; rather, it makes me interpret the message as a personal attack rather than absorb any advice contained therein. If you want to say "Get over it", "Man up", or tell me I should be grateful because there are Ethiopian children who would love to have my warm bed, please understand that that won't be helpful.

tl;dr= I've never been able to connect with people in any meaningful way, and it's unlikely I ever will, so I have stopped trying. However, there's nothing else I really care about in life. I'm not motivated in the typical areas that other people are, such as college, career, etc. My range of interests is too narrow to suffice. I've tried therapy, anti-depressants, and exercise, and although I don't currently have the means to try a special diet, I don't think diet will work, due to my experience with exercise.