Just letting it outOkay, so I just want to write it out. It is okay if you don’t want to read it (It is too long anyway). I just want to verify with myself that suicide is what I want.  I never done this sort of thing before, but I heard it helps. I don’t plan on telling anyone. So I figure I might as well post it here. The best alternative, I guess.  Before I go on, I would like to apologize for my grammar. English is not my native language. So with that being said, let’s start from the beginning. 

My childhood was okay. My dad was an asshole. So I don’t even want to talk about him. Honestly, the only good memory I have of my childhood was with my grandma. To me, she was the best grandma I could have asked for. I remember she always wanted to go to her homeland in china. But due to her bad legs, she wasn’t able to travel. When I was around 10 years old, my mom, my sister, and I left for America. We basically left my grandma. In the end, she didn’t get to go to her homeland. She died 5 years after we left for America. The funny thing is I didn’t even shed a tear. I don’t really know why. I thought I loved her very much. I guess I’m just a terrible grandson…

My life in America wasn’t so bad. At least, my dad isn’t here. Elementary school was fun. I made a few friends. At around 6th grade, my friends and I started to play a game call Runescape. That game wasted 3 years of my life. God, I hate that game. I introduced Runescape to my sister. She became addicted to it, and she never stops playing since. I am pretty sure I ruined her life with that game. Needless to say, my social life sucks. I never really have a girlfriend. Surprisingly, it doesn’t really bother me as much as most people. I had about 3 close friends when I was in middle school. When high school started, my three close friends and I decided to start doing drug. It was nothing too dangerous though. One day, my friends managed to get a drug called DMT, a strong psychedelic. The day we did DMT was the day I realized that I wasn’t afraid to die. While I was tripping on DMT, I felt like I was dying. I guess it was a bad trip or something. At one point, I thought I did die. I saw myself on the floor, lifeless. And I was okay with it…
A year later, one of my closest friends started to lose it. His girlfriend dumped him, and he became extremely depressed. He stopped hanging out with us. I knew he was drifting away from us, but I did nothing. I just pretend to not notice. I just didn’t know what to say to him. Maybe that’s just an excuse I made up. I don’t know. Maybe I just didn’t care enough to help him. Eventually, he dropped out of high school. I did go to his house after that to try and talk to him. He didn’t let me in though. So I stopped going. Eventually, I lost contact with the guy. As his closest friend, I didn’t try hard enough for him. I guess I was a pretty terrible friend…

Before I knew it, it was time to apply for colleges. I didn’t apply to any. It wasn’t because I didn’t want to. I was just too scared to do it. Throughout most of my life so far, I have been living day by day. I never thought of my future. So I didn’t really know what major I want to go into, or which colleges I want to go to. I also have nothing to write in my personal statement, because I have done nothing. So in the end, I ended up in a community college. 
Ever since I started school, I always thought I was smart. It was the only thing I thought I was good at. My grades in school were always A’s, with an occasional B’s. But now that I am in a Community College, I realize I am not smart at all. I am in the process of failing two of my classes: Physics II and Calculus 3. Believe it or not, those classes really open my eyes.  Now I know that grades don’t mean shits. Having a good grade doesn’t mean you are smart. It just means that you are willing to do the works. To be honest, I always knew I wasn’t smart. I just never wanted to admit it. I guess I was lying to myself in order to feel good about myself.

Sometime around my high school years, I started to think about how I’m going to end my life. I decided I’m going to do it when I’m 21 years old. And it is going to be on Oct. 13th.  I still haven’t decided on how I am going to do it through, or where I am going to do it. Should I let people find my body, or should I do it at a place where people can never find me? Also, should I leave a note or something? All those questions are running through my head every day. Without realizing it, I have managed to drive away all of my friends. If you think about it, it isn’t so bad since I am planning a suicide anyway. So now, I have 0 friends. In other word, the only people who will miss me when I’m gone are my sister and my mom. Now here is the problem. I don’t want to do this to them. But, I can’t take it anymore. Like most mothers, my mom wants my sister and me to have a bright future. She worked so hard to try and make that happen. Believe it or not, I only had only one goal in my life up until now. I just wanted to repay my mom for what she has done for me. But now I feel like I can’t achieve that goal.  So every times I look at her, I feel guilty. I don’t see myself having a bright future. And I hate to say this, but I don’t see my sister having one either. In the end, it is my fault that my sister became like she is now. Undoubtedly, I am a terrible brother and an awful son…

These past few months, my suicidal thoughts have become more frequent. Every time I get into my car, there is a feeling in the back of my mind of wanting to ram my car into a concrete wall or something. I feel like I am slowly going insane. There are different scenarios running inside my head almost every day. The thought of how I am going to do it, the thought of where I am going to do it, the thought of a fail suicide, and the thought of what will happen to my family when I am gone.  Most of those thoughts aren’t scary for me. But there is one that terrifies me.  A few weeks ago, a thought came across my mind. It was a thought of killing myself along with my family so that they don’t have to suffer pain of losing me; So that my mom wouldn’t have to deal with the embarrassment of having a son that committed suicide; So that my sister wouldn’t have to be a failure. But obviously, that is selfish and wrong in so many levels. The fact that a thought like that even crossed my mind proves that I am fucked up. A few more months left before I turn 20. Thus, I have about 1 years and a half left before Oct. 13th. I have to make my decision by July, 2017. That will leave me 3 months to plan if I do decide to take the easy way out. 



