Girlfriend left me, and my ego is dying.On June 4th, 2017 I met a girl and we swiftly fell in love. She was my first major, long term girlfriend and the third woman I've ever slept with. I was her first on all counts. First 3 months or so were absolutely explosively awesome. We had fun filled dates, sweet nights, and my sexual performance was awesome. 

Then as things went on I got insecure over a big fight or two and I developed a problem of premature ejaculation. Still had decent sex overall and occasionally great but yeah. I was always super sweet but I guess over time she got tired of it 

Overall things were pretty good up until a month ago. We had one last great night together but after that things started to get colder and colder until it was too hard to ignore. I finally addressed it and we're splitsville. She says that wants to see other people and she loves me but she's not ready for me. I'm super serious about relationship and she's still so young \(she's 18 and I'm 20\). After talking a bit it basically came down to she would want an open relationship, I put my foot down and said no on that. I told her I understand getting stir crazy and wanting something else but if the problem was me sexually. She said I'm too nice, she found me sexy in the beginning but she just can't get into it anymore\- That I'm cute but not sexy, not a problem of looks but of personality 

How am I supposed to feel good about myself? How are the incels not right? Its a struggle to even get hard now and I simply don't want to masturbate, don't even like looking at my penis. Sometimes I want to destroy it so I can't be another persons disappointing experience, its brought me more humiliation and disappointment than joy. I'm back to hitting the gym and doing great in school and have an internship but its hard for me to carry on knowing all this work is just so I can one day be some whore's retirement plan. I'll be the last thing some girl can grab onto before her biological clock hits midnight and falls into the abyss of catlady, but first she has to take enough semen to fill 4 olympic swimming pools. So even if I find someone again at best she'll just be resigned to be with me and at worst she just won't be able to resist to urge to be with other men because I'm so inadequate. 

I'm just tired of living. I cannot bring myself to have any motivated philosophy when all my insecurities have been confirmed. The only positive thing I can say is that its overall better than last time but holy shit I don't want to be another person whose life is a painful loop 