Why?Prepare for a long read. So, I don't know if this is the place for me, but here goes. 1st off, I wanna say, just saying this here was really hard. Just saying this at all is really hard... but for a long time i have felt like I am wearing this mask. This mask fools people and myself that I am alright, and that everything is fine. But I know that not to be true. I have no real reason to feel so down, I have good Friends, loving family, decent job, yet I feel like I'm drowning in this cold, dark, thick liquid. And I can feel it surrounding me, filling my lungs, and pressing down on me. I feel tired. I don't wanna do anything. I dont wanna go anywhere. I dont wanna play my ps4, dont wanna call or text my friends or family, I dont wanna do the cleaning or other household chores that need to be done, I dont even wanna eat, or take care of basic hygiene. I just want to lay in bed, in the dark, under my covers, and sleep. Sleep and never wake up. I find my self often asking Why? Why go to work? Why go hang out with friends? Why get online on my ps4? Why get out of bed? Why do anything? What's the point? Why should i go through another day of feeling like this? I dont have the energy to do anything. All my life when expressing these feelings to someone, weather it may be a friend or family, I always hear the same thing. "Your just lazy." Or " Quit being a bitch!" And I started to believe that. Sometimes I feel like, ending it, would be the right thing to do... my wife could find someone better... wouldn't be that hard. I have lost the will to live. Mettallica said it best, Exactly the way I feel, word for word "Life, it seems will fade away
Drifting further every day
Getting lost within myself
Nothing matters, no one else
I have lost the will to live
Simply nothing more to give
There is nothing more for me
Need the end to set me free.... Emptiness is filling me
To the point of agony
Growing darkness taking dawn
I was me but now he's gone" like I said before, that part in the song describes perfectly, word for word, how I feel... and I dont know why. I'm standing on the edge, and waiting for the courage to jump...