idk
my parents are constantly fighting, afraid to go on winter break this year but i was failing my classes. my friends dont talk anymore because of the drama here, their parents wouldnt want them to come over. I have 10 siblings (one living with us, locks himself in his room) that don’t talk to me though i wish they did, give me advice for what to do or explain how they dealt with my parents. my mom is an alcoholic, at least once a week she’ll get nasty, call me names, says she’ll kill herself because she cant deal with us, hit me, etc. my dad will skip days off work because he cant get out of bed, incredibly down. hes an alcoholic as well, less functional when hes drunk but wouldnt hurt anybody. hes extremely sensitive and if someone looked at him a certain way or didnt reply to him or laugh at his jokes he’ll yell, say we dont love him or leave

an online friend ive had is honestly the only thing keeping me alive, i look forward to talking to them even though its incredibly awkward and starting to go downhill. its all i ever think about, and when theyre feeling down themselves i completely shut down. everything is so much more intense when theyre away or something is wrong over there. i know its not healthy to absolutely depend on someone else. im having a lot of trouble finding new friends and sharing the love to multiple people. im terribly shy and insecure, if i think i did something wrong ill go on an apologizing rampage and bash myself in chat and ruin the atmosphere. and then ill say sorry for that too. ill go away for weeks because i think i deserve it and that they would want me to. come back and apologize because id worried them, feel awful. similar to what my dad does.l

theyve been having a lot of trouble on their half as well, itd be another paragraph to explain it though. weve been exchanging vents but its only tearing us two apart, and we know it. weve gone over it, started over, a million times. if they go i will too

i know i have to look ahead to ever get through it, but right now i dont know if I even see a future at all. and i know there are countless people going through unimaginable situations, feels so selfish to even vent. i believe that if youre your top priority, youll take care of yourself no matter what environment youre in. but if youre not, youre just gonna bully yourself no matter where you go. idk how to move forward, ive tried so many times, i can predict how people try to help, twist it around and make it negative

it feels so pointless, i ask them if they want to talk, they say “i do” when were both aware that it will fall again, we’ll hurt ourselves again, shit will happen over and over.  but i cant leave it, nor can i leave this house. even if i got away its still in my head, im stuck forever unless i go. everyday i go to school itching to go home to hurt myself, unless my friend is happy then i am. so mad at myself feel like ican do anything