My life is a jokeMy entire life has been fucked from the beginning. I have been living on my own since 18. Now 29. Parents we’re miserable my entire life and went through a really bad divorce where my mom was an alcoholic and my father was physically abusive and I ran away from home at 14-15. I ended up living with my mother again a couple years after being passed around between extended family members and I was brought into my mother’s own personal hell. She moved state to state running away from responsibility/the law with her boyfriend for years until she abandoned me to flee to another country. I lived with extended family again for a very short period to finish high school until I got kicked out soon after. I got kicked out for the hatred my aunt had for my mother and her not wanting to take care of her kid (I heard her say this exact reason to my uncle). After that, I worked 2-3 odd jobs at one time and got through community college to try and get my life on track and to be able to afford to live in the basements and shit homes I could afford. One memorable example was I lived in a Russian guy’s shed with my now wife for 2 years. He ended up trying to steal what little belongings we had when we moved out. Before that, I lived with strangers, in basements, and anyone who would let me stay at their house. For a while I worked severely underpaid as a sysadmin. Then I went to a 4 year school to study Computer science and took on a bunch of debt telling my wife that it will help us in the end and things will get better. Now I’m working for a dying startup and nothing has changed. We are still struggling as much as we were 7 years ago except we have more debt and responsibilities. Every day now I hope that something just kills me in the end. I try and stay motivated. I try and study for certs and keep myself hungry to succeed, but when I look for new jobs the only people that respond are headhunters looking for $15 an hour 6 month contracts. This is with 7+ years of IT experience. I somehow got into infosec which is an industry I love. After all of this I hoped that getting into infosec was me finally getting my breakthrough, but Im an idiot and the job I accepted is at a dying startup and can’t seem to get out. I feel like I am intended to be a miserable fuck up. My wife is miserable, I am miserable. I feel like the only way that this gets better for both of us is if I kill myself and she goes back to her family.