cant think of a title; nothing encompasses it.So lets start about 8 months ago.

I was living in my own place, with my wife of seven years, our three children, and her brother. While the wife and i were at work, he would manage the 2 children because the other is in school. I was in pain management, getting my injections, and was prescribed a beautiful cocktail of medications that reduced my pain to practically nothing. On top of that, i would smoke pot and tend to my plants as if they were babies. Life was good. I handled my business and everything worked itself out. Then we found out her mom has cancer for the 3rd time, this time its stage 4. Within a week, we had everything packed and were on our way to where we currently are. Let me elaborate on this part here:

Last year(2012), my best friend had 3 people pass away from cancer within a 6 month period, so i automagically go into "shes fucking dying" mode. Now my grandpa passed away in 2006, and if my mom wouldve left 1 week later, she'd never have got to see her father again. I thought the best move was to get my wife by her parents so they could see the grandkids and she could be with her mom, just incase. The sooner the better.

Big mistake. Her mom is currently in semi-remission. The cancer has shrunk to the point they feel comfortable doing surgery and removing what the chemo didnt kill. And thats absolutely wonderful. A ray of sunshine right?

Well, my kids are constantly yelled at for being kids. I realized at one point i was spanking them for doing things that children normally do because i was trying to keep them from pissing off my in laws by running around, etc. My father in law is retired army, so he thinks that i dont do my job as a father because my 3 year old isnt housebroken(if you have children, you know they step heavy and run around without a second thought). Im constantly bitched at about everything, by my mother in law, my wife, my father in law. Its like a fuck me right situation.

On top of this, i no longer am in pain management. When i moved here, my medications were effectively reduced by 70mg. I went from 90mg/oxycodone a day to 20, then to 30, then to some shit extended release medication. I got tired of hurting so i decided to double up on the meds because i got so tired of taking meds and still hurting, that i just wanted the relief. So i run out, they call me in, done deal. Now, i didnt do this to get high, so please refrain from those comments. If i was a drug seeker, id be copping meds left and right from various sources on the street or even silkroad, but i dont. ive been off them for 3 weeks, went through the withdrawals, and barely get out of bed anymore. Sometimes, it hurts bad enough that i wind up crying half the day and sleeping the rest. I cant play with my kids, so when they jump on my back for a ride, i get pissed because it hurts.

ive got no money, no job(not for lack of trying, but i cant find one). I am in school but alot of good that is doing at this point besides draining my bank account for the roundtrip gas costs. Im at a point that i wonder what the point is to even living if im trapped in a cage that wont let me live at all. Its not that i want to die, honestly, i just want the pain to stop. I want out of this damn house, so i can go about my life without someone bitching at me about [x]. I get told by my wife on a daily basis how worthless ive become since weve moved because i dont get out of bed and its not that i dont want to, but what the fuck man. Who wants to move when moving hurts.

fuck me, right?

---
theres days im driving to school and just let go of the steering wheel at 80mph. The alignment is off on the car so i know itll trail left and smack some shit but i never let it. Though i always contemplate hitting shit. theres days ive taken upwards of 12000mg of tylenol to get on top of the pain but it never works. Yes it worries me, no im not dying from it, its not everyday, and its always spaced out over 24hrs(3g/3x day). Im so sick of my life right now i dont even want to be here, in my shoes. I want to just take sleeping pills all day and sleep it away but that wont do me any good either.