Why is suicide considered a coward's way out if we fear the nothingness?I think about death and suicide near/daily. I figured, that my biggest enemy is (to no surprise there) me and i don't know how to toughen up, "love" myself or "grow up". I'm just not for this world and i believe that the weak should perish (that being me). I seeked help for anxiety, depression or whatever i have and i've been taking pills for a month now, after nearly two years of felling very sad, dissapointed, angry, lonely etc. Also i feel extremely stressed out because of law school. My feeling of loneliness has subsided because i accepted that i can't have real friends ( i accept the blame, maybe i have unrealistic expectations) and that i will never be able to have a woman in my life ( funny thing is, in spite of what i know, what i experience, i believe in "true love", a concept without men just being horny and women exploiting men for benefits, i must be delusional). Soon after starting therapy ( i've only had the first session so far, next one is on 26th of april), i've met a girl that i've thought i could have something with, then i thought she "friend-zoned" me (i know that's not a real thing), but then she caught me completely off-guard-she started honey-potting me, which i was a bit suspicious, but didn't completely realise it until the commentators on reddit pointed it out, i quote my favourite one "She's content because you're as sexually threatening as a housecat. You're her gay bff she can play talk with. YOU did this to yourself, buckaroo.". I'm not going to blame emotions, this round of stupid is on me. I've been thinking how i'm going to end it with her, but right now, i'm contemplating on what is the point of my existence (i know existence is without meaning or purpose, but not to us due to our programming). You want to know what my idea of happiness is? Having an apartment  and a job, and then cry, be sad or depressed after work. I do not fear the "nothingness" so much, that i wouldn't "face the void" as much that i don't want my family to suffer and because of my dog- she means everything to me ( but i still (want to) cry, when i think that i will have to live for another 9 years). Also as misguided knight and miserable romantic i still want to do some good while alive, and because i believe that death is a reward that i yet have to earn. I don't know why my soul is suffering so much- why was i created so weak and with so much feelings? With running tears, i thank you if you are reading this.