HeyI'm in a bit of a bind. 

My dad is dying of cancer (2 - 6 months)

 He's selling the family business to pay the bills before anything happens (It's based in london. I love our family business but there is absolutely no way we can keep it. I have to show the new owners around before we sell it which is like rubbing salt in the wound, but nothing can be done about it.)

My little brother has autism (And needs constant care, but thankfully we have him in a special needs home.) 

Entering 20 as a virgin, can't accept I'm bi and can't tell extremely homophobic family (Not that I want to)

Never done my GCSEs, but I do have some qualifications in electrics which I would never want to do. I only joined because I was forced by my parents. I wanted to go to Law and/or medical but I can't with no GCSEs.

2 stone underweight. Don't really care. 

Grand parents had fallen out with parents, sayes I'm "Dead to them" Only other human interaction is my 1st cousins who I thought were close until the other day I found out My whole collection of cousins went on holiday without asking me. 

I started to learn piano until someone started mocking me then I quit so I started writing but i have just read what I have written and realise that it sucks donkey ass. Put me off forever.

I have no idea what to do for income next year when my dad dies. I have to support the family, but I can't do any other education so I'll have to be an electrian in training. 

My biggest dream is going to America. I am a massive USA Fan although I have never been. The only thing keeping me from doing anything is the thought of never walking down a Nebraskan cornfield or down New York subways. Don't tell me the grass is greener because I know. Although thanks to my current financial state it looks like I never will go. That is pure crystalled HELL. 

Thats about it for the moment. I don't really think of suicide much but I'm scared. When I used to think of suicide I used to think "Oh god no! Can you just imagine? Oh no" But now its like "Yeah knock yourself out."

All i see in my life is FAILURE! I thought if I touch some wires together at my college and make a explosion and die, my parents can at least sue it. See that? How nasty that last sentence was? Reddit is the only thing I live for.

Edit: An opportunity has come along. I have decided what to do and when to do it. Thanks guys 