Backed in a corner, very incoherent post. Panicked and just completely shutting down.90 grand in debt. 90-fucking-grand in debt for a college degree I wasn't even prepared for, that has granted me no job opportunities. I started school much later than most because of my life long depression, and depression lead me into a major I clung onto because I "just had to get a degree". I had family members telling me "just graduate, you'll get a job no matter what if you get a bachelors! A bachelors degree means the world!"

Nope. You need EXPERIENCE in everything, not some ridiculous piece of paper. I graduated with no job prospects, and eventually DID get an internship that ended up being the worst move of my life. My mentor quit ONE WEEK into my program, and the company didn't replace him. They dropped ALL OF HIS WORK on ME and expected ME to live up to his standards; he had been there 8 years and I was just a graduate. No matter how often I reminded them that I was trying, they were mad that I couldn't learn a new set of programming skills on my own in under a weeks time. Lasted nine months and finally left when my contact expired. They weren't going to hire me in full-time, and my boss even said he felt bad for initially "setting me up for failure" by not getting in someone new...

I can't get a job ANYWHERE. I had to move from a more prosperous state to a place where my degree means toilet paper. I've applied for over 100 jobs in the last three months only to get two interviews that landed me nothing. I have a small part time retail job that barely affords anything, my debt from school has raised to 90k, my entire family thinks I'm being lazy and blames me for my lack of job. There's just nothing out there.

I can't force employers to hire me. I can't go in and say "Hey I know that last guy you saw was cool and all but, I'm starving, I'm unable to survive, I can do almost everything you want in this position--and everything else I can learn how to do. Take a chance on me and you'll not only save me, but you'll save my family as well."

I want to change my career path but there's no money for me to work with. My first degree was so expensive, I can't go back with any loans. I feel like a life time of depression and 0 confidence has lead me to this crippling nothingness. Guys, I'm scared to death. I want to kill myself. I'm so suicidal, I see nowhere else to go. It's trite as all Hell but I just feel like it's inevitable now. I'll never see the success my family members have, I have no one to turn to even. Friends? Haven't had any for close to six years now--no exaggeration. I'm a true and utter failure, depression has won. It always wins. Always and always wins.

I don't know what to do anymore. I want to be brave and live, but I'm going through life as a bitter ghost who can't move on. I am sick of being a burden and I'm sick of my family kindly telling me all the things I'm doing to "hurt them", yet when I mention suicide as a relief they screech at me and make me feel worse. damned if I do, damned if I don't.