I feel like Stan from South Park.I'm not a good writer or story teller so bare with me. If any of you have seen the South Park episode where Stan only sees and hears things as shit then you'll know how I feel.

I've been depressed for the past 8 years of my life. I used to enjoy doing activities even if overall I still felt like shit. I guess at some point I have become immune to feeling. This has made everything, including the activities I used to enjoy, turn into shit for me. I used to enjoy learning, I used to have a lot of fun hanging out with friends, I used to love playing sports, I used to play video games every day like they were crack because I enjoyed playing them and challenging myself and testing myself against others. Now I don't want to do any of that, I spend probably 16 hours of each day laying in my bed. It's been getting harder and harder for me to even get out of bed, and there have been plenty of times where I just didn't. I'm so fucking tired of feeling nothing. It is honestly worse than feeling sad all the time. I think the best way to explain it is even when I was constantly sad there were a few fleeting moments where I could feel happy. Now there is just nothing, it's like I forgot how to human. I feel so fucked up in the head at this point I've questioned every relationship I've ever had and if it was genuine or not. It doesn't help I don't have any friends anymore. Everytime I made a friend or best friend they would either stop talking to me, or would just disappear causing me to be alone again trying to find new friends. Every time I began talking to a girl they would suddenly lose interest like I was boring. I've only had one meaningful relationship and even then it felt like she never truly trusted me. It has broken me down to the point where I don't even try anymore. I've shut down anyone who tries to talk to me and have kept every conversation in the past 2 years at a very superficial level. I'm now in college, failing, without a single friend. All I ask myself everyday is what is the point. Can someone tell me, what is the point in doing something anymore if you get 0 enjoyment from it?  It doesn't feel worth it anymore. I don't see a light at the end of a tunnel. All I see is darkness and more loathing. If this affliction never truly goes away why the fuck should I continue to put up with it