A nonsense mix mash of my emotions and thoughtsSo this is just going to be a mix mash of emotions and some of my story. So sorry for since there may not be any kind of order in which this is written. Im not really looking for advice, I guess I just want to speak my mind. 

Im not sure where to start but I guess go from the beginning. Im from the UK, im 18 years old and currently working as an electrician in my apprenticeship. I've had depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts for quite a while now. I live with my mother and have all my life, I never lived with my dad since he was caught cheating on my mum during her pregnancy and might have been cheating on her even before. I wasn't suppose to be here in the first place, I was never suppose to be born. Currently, my dad is married and has 3 daughters. The thing is my dad is quite wealthy, £500,000 home, sports cars, goes on holidays around the world multiple times a year, where as me and my mum live in a council owned house, she works 3 jobs, minimum wage and gets through paycheck to paycheck, I try and help her out. It stings a little thinking of the fact I kinda got the short end of the stick I guess, just me being salty. I never really seen my dad until I was about 7 years old and from then I saw him every so often, once every 2 months or so, but only for like 10 minutes at a time. My step-mother hates me and my mum as well, its probably one reason why my dad hasn't really even seen us. He's scared of his wife, there was an very little incident a while ago where she threatened him with divorce and to take half his things. oh I forgot to mention, his wife, is the same person who he cheated with, on my mum.

Onto the next chapter I guess, when I was in primary school I was the odd kid, the one who was picked on, left out. I just tried to ignore all of it, I had a few friends but fast forward a bit towards going into academy school. They all went to other schools and we split ways. So going into academy I had the reputation of the kid who gets picked on already set, but when I actually went into academy, I was forgotten about. There was someone else who got picked on and bullied, I basically didn't exist. I had no friends, never really spoke to anyone. A year in a had some people I'd speak to occasionally but no one I would consider a friend. Forward one more year and every thing turned a lot worse. Some terrible rumours started to spread about me, it started to be the one who just didn't exist, to the one who was bullied, harassed and avoided. Sadly these rumours didn't just stay within the school, they got to everyone. Basically every school in the city and from that point I was banished from society. Everyone I met, always knew, looked at me weird and then began to avoid me. So I continued the rest of my school life just like that. Exam time came and my mother had way to high hopes for me, talked me up to everyone on her friends, like I was going to get 1's and 2's(which is the highest) but I could never do that, so, exam results are in and I got a few 3s, some 4s and 5s. She was so disappointed in me, she always has been, in everything I've done ive never met her expectations, ive always been a failure and always will be. 

I got offered an apprenticeship at 16. The only reason for that was, my dad is the boss of the company. I believe my mum pestered him into employing me. So I left school and went to work. At first, It wasn't bad, I would have took any job, I just wanted to get away from the hell that was my school. Sadly it has still continued into my work, im still the runt, the failure, the one who can't do anything. Im not good at my job earlier, so the only reason I haven't been fired is because its my dad, who is the boss. Later on in the first year I started work, I decided to try and get out there, make friends. I somehow managed to make a few friends, but they only lasted a month and a half and then I was no longer needed by them and the ignored me from that point. I actually got my first girlfriend as well, which made me so much happier about everything, I feel so deprived of human companionship so to me, its one of the best things in the world but im not made to deal with it. Then later on I found out she was only going out with my to take money from me and was cheating on me. So it never lasted too long but even that, broke me. I went back into my shell and never came out. 

I'll go onto the current time, right now and basically all my life, I finish my day at work, and go home and play videos, its the only time I can escape my mind and speak with people I call my friends, sadly they live thousands of miles away so I dont know if I will ever meet them in real life. Everyday is rinse and repeat. I have a pretty big problem where if I begin to like someone, I can fall for them pretty hard. They can give me the greatest feelings ever but also can make me have the worst in an instant. There is actually this girl I like, I met her online and have a pretty big crush on her. Even though I have literally no chance of anything with her, for some reason I can't shake these feelings. Im not the kind of person anyone would take interest in, especially as a partner. Im not funny, fun, or anything like that, it doesnt help I have anxiety and a crippling fear of rejection. I actually confessed to her, and of course, I got rejected... im not sure what I was expecting, maybe it was just  glimmer of hope. There is also this other guy, I dont really know him but she goes on about the stuff he does for her and how he is her best friend etc. I dont know why but it makes me really uneasy and even little stupid stuff can trigger me, im so pathetic. I just see all the amazing thing this person does for her, and how he would be so much better for her. I can't do anything, I cant get her anything nice, make her laugh or anything like that, I can't do anything at all. 

I have quite a lot of things in my life which others would love to have, even do and it would make them so happy. Im sitting her still depressed and considering killing myself, it makes me feel even more shit when I think of someone in a much worse situation has done more than me, or even wants more. My life would be better for them. Im just using up air and resources. Even such little stupid things can get me down, im pathetic. I cant do anything at work, ive always been a failure, ive always been alone and I always will be. Thats just how I am, I try to change it but it never works and just ends worse for me. I can't talk to the people I consider friends about this stuff because I dont want to be a burden to them and make them feel depressed, no one else should have to feel this way. The only thing keeping me alive right now is my mother and the girl I have a crush on, I also made a promise that I wouldn't leave her, she trusted me enough to open up to me which means a lot to me. I try to keep my promises all the time but this ones seems like it might be impossible. 

My mother is away on holiday next month, on the 10th. Im considering ending it all then, be gone from this shit world and finally be at rest and forget all this pain. I was thinking maybe on the 16th, the day before she returns. I want to do it somewhere im not a burden to her, so I've looked out an forest near by which might do. I've also got some rope, hanging is the way im going to go and it seems soon.

Im not sure if this made any sense, or I just spewed nonsense, I just typed and i cant be bothered to proof read it. I probably forgot to mention a lot of things, I just cant think straight right now. Even so, thanks for reading and goodbye. 