I don't really know where to start and right now I have no one to talk toI think this is going to turn into a wall of text so please forgive me.

I don't really know where to start but I guess starting with why I feel so helpless right now shall work.

Due to a lot of circumstances that have come about in the last few months I really feel like a shell of who I used to be. I have lost my friends, my best friend, and the girl I loved. I got a girl pregnant and things have gone downhill from there. I originally held on to the hope that the girl that I loved would be able to forgive me for all of this happening but I really had done the worst thing possible before than and caused her to feel unwanted by me. I was never dating this girl for a few reasons. I met her from a friend dumping her in a horrible way and I wanted to make sure she would be ok. We became great friends and really things were going great until I went on a planned trip to chicago for 2 week. When I got back she was with him again and she wouldn't listen to my warnings. I won't get into detail of all of this but it was a recurring theme. He would treat her horribly, she would break up with him and I would be there to comfort her and then she would get back with him. This happened many times over the past 2 years and the more it happened the worse I felt and the more useless I felt overall. After she did this one time and she was over with him there was a girl I really liked and hit it off with and all but really I think that I was doing it just to get back at Lindsay (that is her name by the way) for having just left me on the sidelines several times in the past like I wasn't even there.

It is hard just typing in this box because it doesnt feel like I am talking to someone so these things arent all coming out the way I would want them to but I wont go back and fix them. Anyway, during june of 2011 the house I was in was not one I could stay in anymore as my aunt and my mom were screaming at each other every night and I was sleeping in my car. A friends mom offered to let me stay there with them for free but it was an hour away. I stayed there and ended up having sex with the friend and she ended up getting pregnant. It really is a long story and whats done is done so I won't go on with that. Like I said earlier though, I was really holding onto the thought that Lindsay would forgive me for all of this, not so that I could date her really, just that she wouldn't hate me for it. She seemed pretty monotone about it when I told her and didn't seem upset really. I learned later though that she was back with her ex again and after that I felt completely helpless. I hadn't lost her but I hold in me the deepest hatred for the man she is dating and I can not be in the same room with him without thinking of how much I hate him with every fiber of my being. He has done so many bad things to Lindsay and she forgives him for everything every single time. Even the mother who KNOWS all of the things he has done forgives him. He didn't rape her or anything like that. He stole every penny she owned. He was 'dating' her for a year and never bought her a single present. He never took her out on a single date except the first day they went out. He spent every penny he stole from her to buy drugs and party with friends for a whole year. He stole every penny the mom had and when bills came in and she was broke, the mom went into $10k in debt. He verbally abused her when they were back together to make her feel like a whore. So many things like this and they forgave him every time. I feel like the words I spoke to comfort her after each of these things was wasted and when I think about it I feel even worse. And now she was back with him. She tried to continue including me into her life by inviting me to little events she had like band competitions and chorus recitals but he was there every time and I couldnt enjoy it. I hated every second of being there. 

On new years day I got the worst news I have ever gotten. They are engaged to be married. I was immediately more depressed than I had ever been in my life. Even more than when I found out I was going to be a father and I didn't have a choice. Even more than when I was treated like dirt as a kid. I felt useless and I still feel useless. I have to find a job to pay child support and where I live there are no jobs and if there is one you have to know english and spanish to have it. I had already thought that maybe I should join the Navy in order to pay for this child but that would also mean leaving everyone behind, even her, and it wasnt something I thought I could do. I was done after this though. I sent Lindsay a message telling her I couldn't deal with this anymore and that I was through. I told her I couldn't deal with what she had decided and that I could not remain friends anymore and that I would be completely distancing myself with her because every time I talked to her it hurt knowing that she was with him.

This girl was my best friend and the girl I loved and at that moment I felt more loss than I ever had before. I know that it has been only a month since then but for months now every time I have laid down to sleep I spend hours thinking about how I had ruined everything and all I could think about was her. She had forgotten but new years was the night anniversary of when I met her and the night before her engagement I was extremely depressed as it was. 

All I have been able to think about every night for month has been this girl and last night I had the most vivid dream of talking to her I had ever had it really is all getting to me. When I think about everything in my life, I feel more hopeless than I have ever been in my life and it has only been getting worse. I really am not suicidal as I know I wouldn't go through with that but right now I am sympathize with such an option. An escape as easy as suicide keeps coming to mind every step of the way and though I wouldn't do such a thing it really makes me feel worse and worse every time I think about it.

I am sorry for the wall of text. I know that people will say that I should get over a girl who is stupid enough to get back with her ex like that. I know things could be worse. She is the first girl that ever showed me what human affection is. Before I had met her I had never felt such a thing and now living without it hurts. 

The thing I most regret about all of this is that I miss the feeling of holding someone. The feeling of falling asleep with someone with them in my arms. I am crying just thinking about it. Sorry again for the wall of text, I just have felt more and more helpless and I just don't know what to do anymore