I'm so brokenWords can't even express the depth of my pain anymore. I keep trying to put on a strong face and fight, but it's just not worth it since things always blow up in my face. Ever relationship I have ends with someone hating or hurting me: I am apparently completely unlovable as a human being -- Aspergers doesn't exactly help with that. I sat in a bar alone by myself for an hour tonight to celebrate Valentine's day. It must be nice to be neurotypical: not have to worry about all the obsessive meta-cognitive thoughts that make me feel more robot than human. All the socializing just looked so "easy" and "natural" to everyone else. I'm socially conscious enough to know that there was a cute blond girl staring at me throughout the night; it didn't matter though since I know she'll lose interest the second I open my mouth and "me" comes out. No girl wants a 26 year old socially incompetent loser -- just ask  my now ex-girlfriend who decided it would be best to try to break up with me on our early Valentine's Day. I have no job, no confidence, no money, no hope, I feel completely alone, and no future.

Anyways, I obsess over the best suicide method everyday. I have the steps for different methods planned out in my todolist app -- right there alongside my everyday tasks. I didn't ask to be born; I didn't consent to this soul crushing pain. I want out so fucking bad. If there were a switch I could flip and be painlessly and instantly terminated, I would run to it. All my heart feels is that deep pain that stabs you through the center of the chest and never goes away. I would have finished it already, but med overdoses seem too risky for messing up or having someone find you and getting medical help. Valium and alcohol for stopping my heart sounds like a theoretically good option, but I get scared of puking and messing up organs without finishing the job properly. Beyond that, I've started prepping the helium exit bag method in the past, but it's just so much work. I'm too apathetic to finish this post... and like always, too apathetic to actually end the pain.