there is hope. i have been there and am begging you not to do anything drastic.First let me give a brief reason for posting this. A little less than i month ago i tried to kill myself. I failed not because of dedication but because the materials i used failed to do the trick. Long story short i ended up in the hospital, got 5150'ed (im from the rougher parts of oakland so you can believe this wasnt pleasent), but am still here today because of it.

Today i still feel horrible, HOWEVER going through this experience gave me a certain perspective that would have been impossible to achieve without it. Before i tried to kill myself my depression which has been on and off for the last 9 years (im 21 i had a shitty childhood) built up to a level never before experienced. I hated waking up and honestly couldnt see how i would ever be happy. I thought that i had thought about the results of killing myself with as realistic of a mindset as possible. I was wrong.
There is no way you will comprehend how your killing yourself will affect those around you. Even if you think that there isnt that many people that genuinely care about you and the affects wont be that strong, YOU ARE WRONG. Right now in your mindset you cant fully comprehend the affects of your actions. People will never be able to stop forgiving themselves regardless how shit plays out. Trust me i know. 
Also the day after i tried i was sooo happy to be alive. I felt rediculous and embaressed, but that was just because in the moment i failed to comprehend my actions. Even though im still sad, i cant express in words how bueatiful life is. In that moment of chemical imbalance i am very aware that it is hard to see any way out but i beg you please give life an oppurtunity to get better. When it does you will think back and be happy you didnt try to take your life in the direction that i attempted to take mine. Your life can be great even if it isnt right now.
Im not sure why i am writing this. It might be because after the initial attempt i posted on reddit w/ another account and peoples words helped me considerably. Thinking back on that i went on suicidewatch and felt literally heartbronken to see how many people felt the same way i did.  Maybe noone will read this and it wont help anyone and ifso whatever it doesnt matter. Maybe it even helped myself vent. But if anyone can identify then its all worth it. Sorry bout the spelling but i started crying and i dont really care.