I am very closeI should start. I have an extremely loving family. My mom is the greatest thing in my life. She is the only reason I am still alive right now. I never want to make her cry. Second, my ex-friend/ex best friend/love of my life is the second reason I am still alive. I have great friends also. 

I hate using the word depression. I feel like it’s tossed around a lot with not a lot of meaning behind it. But I am extremely depressed. There is not really a reason why, it’s just I am depressed and I don’t want to be alive. I been living with this my whole life. I don’t care if I wake up in the morning. I just don’t want to be here. 

I am going to get help. I already started looking at therapists near me. But the one year anniversary of my dads death is in a few days. I really not sure how I will be. I tried killing myself twice this year already.

I am barely holding on. 

I have told no one about how I been. I have been bottling it up for years. Pretending I am happy all the time. I have told one person exactly how I feel and been. She is the one getting me to go to a therapist. It just sucks, I can’t get a win in life right now. But I am going to keep trying. The only thing in life I want right now is not to wake up alone. I want someone I love next to me. But it’s impossible to have someone when I hate myself. I am by no means unhealthy or unfit. I am doing everything physically to look attractive. I am coming onto year 9 now and every girl has said no to me. No one has given me a chance. So that is part of the reason I been so low the past few years. My dads death hasn’t helped, it was a long 5 year battle with cancer. I spent everyday with him during that time and I loved him so much. I miss him. He always gave me good advice and was a good wingman with women. He always tried to set me up with girls. 

Previous I said my ex-friend/ex-friend/best friend/love of my life. She is amazing but unfortunately she doesn’t have the same feeling towards me and that sucks. It’s fine. It happens. But my mental health is crap. It is destroying my friendship with her. I am in love with her. But she loves me only as a friend. I ended up having a long talk with her. We came to an understanding, ended up saying we can’t be friends anymore or for now. I need to fix my brain before I can go back on trying to be just friends with her. It is a lot of stress on me trying not to be in love with someone. We used to talk ever day and do a morning FaceTime and bedtime FaceTime no matter what. We still talk, we care about each other a lot. It is actually the most special and amazing friendship. But I ruining that. I wish things could work out between us but it won’t. This is more complicated than you can imagine. Very stressful. 

I can’t stop crying, almost every second of the day when I am alone, any amount of time, I cry.

I want to start telling my friends where I am at with my mental health before it’s to late. I need a big push to also go see a therapist. 

I can’t sleep at night and it’s affecting my work. 

I really need help. I don’t want to end up on the news. But I can’t stop myself if I get another bad low.