My son's girlfriend committed suicide, and now his no longer himself.A bit about my son- Before he starting dating his now deceased girlfriend, he was extremely depressed. He broke up with his girlfriend who was his best friend before. That absolutely crushed him. He used to be the happiest kid ever! He hung out with friends and was all around just a happy person. After that happened he became very cold and distant. He hated to go out with family and wanted to be alone.  He mistrusted everyone and even mistrusted his mother, my wife. He claimed that she was a liar and was manipulating me to get him in trouble. HE thought of everyone like that. 

 Anyway a few years ago he meet a girl, who I’ll call Emma, and he did a complete 180. He was happy again and became a better person all around. He always told me how much he loved her. I don’t think Ive ever seen two people in love as him and Emma. She was so ingrained in our family that she started to come to family reunions we would have with our cousins every few months. His depression never really went away though. He went through bouts of being extremely sad, but he always found a way to “plateau” himself. Emma, however, has had it much worst. He told me that she was beaten by her father, and how she had to grow up early because when she, her mother and her sister moved out, her mother became an alcoholic and was unable to take care of them.

She and my son moved into an apartment and have been living together for a little while now. About a month ago he called me on the phone and his voice was very shaky. He told me that she tried to kill herself with his own gun. He told me that he took a week off of work to be with her. He also told me that he was going to talk with some therapists. That takes us to 5 days ago. I got a call from him and he was crying a lot. After about 1 minute or so he finally collected his voice and told me that she had killed herself. He told me that and I got in my car and drove 2 hours to where he lived. When I got there, he was cleaning blood out of the carpet. He stood up and there was still blood on his clothes. I gave him a hug and he starting crying. He kept saying things like: “It was my fault” and “I could have stopped her”. He told me that when they woke up that morning, she wanted a snack, so he went out to get her a snack. When he came back, he found her on the floor with her wrists slit. She was barely alive so he ran to he and tried to help her by putting pressure on her wounds. He said that she died in his arms.

At the funeral when her casket was being lowered, he didn't cry at all, he just stared at it. He had this blank expression on his face. After it was lowered and people were shoveling dirt into the hole, he just started walking away. He walked passed his car and was walking toward the entrance of the cemetery. We called out to him but he continued to walk. I caught up to him and I turned him around and told him that I wanted to help him through what he was going through. He looked coldly and said, “I have nothing to say to you”. He looked like he wasn’t there. I could see it in his eyes. It was as if his body was talking, but he wasn’t. Its hard to explain. He turned away and continued to walk. We later found him wandering aimlessly around town.

 I went to visit him today. Since I'm a cosigner of his apartment I have an extra key.  I found him passed out on his desk and bottle of vodka in his hand. In his other hand I noticed that there was something in his hands. I opened it up and what I saw made me cry. There was a box with a wedding ring. He was going to propose to her! How can I help my son with what he’s going through? I don’t know what to do. I feel like Im not doing enough.
  