im 20f, seeking help.can someone tell me how do i end my life when im too much of a coward to do it? im serious when I say that I really have nothing to live for. im a trust fund baby with a social phobia, both of which have conspired to sap me of any ambition in life. the people i live with drive me crazy and on the other hand the person i love is probably sick of my fears and depression. he doesn't deserve the kind of mental abuse I put him through and probably would be happier with me dead. oh, he acts supportive, but i think he's really not very happy at all. he has seen very bad times and struggled most of his life and i don't want to put him thru more. think it would be a gift to him if I got out of the way so he could enjoy his life to his fullest..hopefully with someone more stable than me. i am not talented, i have not accomplished much in my life. i am not sure if  i will even graduate. i literally have no career to look forward to, nor any foreseeable way of making a difference in this world, especially when i'm too afraid to say hi to anyone at the deli i've been going to for years. i alienate everyone i come in contact with because I can't do jack, so people dismiss me as being a snob. besides my partner, i don't really have any friends. there really is no future for me. the problem is my fear of the pain involved in dying. i don't want it to be drawn out and/or painful. a gun would be quick, but i can't buy one. even jumping off a building would take too long. pills? i have had plenty, but bad things can happen before they finally finish you off. i'm not "crying out for help." i went through years of therapy, countless drug cocktails, and hospitalization and the best thing that has ever happened is a few months of peace before i build up a resistance to drugs im taking and they no longer work so i stopped taking them all together. i can't ask my partner to kill me; he never would in a million years. he doesn't know the kind of pain i go through and i can't adequately explain it to him. 
how do i end it? painless and quick.