I want to die so intensely.I'm 22, female, college student. I signed up a few months ago for an internship program staying at an ecological farm in Israel. I raised money for the trip and I was extremely excited, but the internship turned out to be a disaster, as I was allergic to literally everything on the farm (to the point of going into shock). I'm currently staying with relatives and I'm pretty sick and recovering from the reactions, being on prescribed medication.

The program coordinators said they would put me in another program, where I'd have an internship at a history museum. I was extremely excited, but became nervous because the program said my initial deposit was non-refundable (even with medical circumstances) and for this new program (where I'd be living in Jerusalem, having a food stipend), the deposit would be an additional $400.

They were also very cagey about answering questions on the classes I was required to take, the sort of programming that would be available, and it took multiple emails over several days to finally get a sample itinerary for the trip. I wanted to make sure I knew exactly what I was getting into, before I dropped more money. Seeing it convinced me, and I was ready to pay.

And literally, someone paid an hour before me, taking the last spot.
Now I'm here in Israel, sick with relatives who are getting annoyed with me, I have to rearrange my flight schedule, and I spent $1,200 on a flight ticket that turned out to be worthless and all I want to do is cry and throw myself off a bride. I came here to escape an abusive household, I came here for an exciting experience at a prestigious institution (I'm a poor scholarship student who never went on a vacation because I was always working, this took quite a chunk from my savings), and I ended up wasting time and money and I have such a complex when it comes to money.

I feel like such a worthless idiot and I wish the allergy reactions did their work and just kill me there because then I wouldn't have to go home to the shame that my narcissist mother will give me for being an idiot, for being a cowardly idiot, and for wasting everyone's time and money and not even being well enough to go explore the cities while I have a chance.

I always prided myself on being meticulous and making sure I always did the perfect, correct decision and making sure I didn't give any fuel for my parents to make fun of me or tell me why I'm worthless, and all I did here was be a stupid, selfish idiot. 