Ending it Soon. I think the average person would say good riddance to me.I'm ending it all soon. I'm writing my note and I'm planning it all out. I don't really want to die, but I think it's the better option at this point. I'm going to spend the next couple days trying to spending as much time with my family as possible. I'll try to give my dog some good last days with me and I'll spend the morning/afternoon with my best friend who is also the girl I love and then it's got to end. I've always had depression but these things have always been enough to give me doubt about whether I should do it or not. Not anymore though, it's either I kill myself or my life is destroyed by criminal charges and a spot on the sex offender registry. I wish I had gravitated towards booze or drugs to self medicate my depression but it was always sex and masturbation. It was a quick easy way to get some sort of lift up or pleasure. I'm 20 and frequent porn use is obviously normal at that age. But I went too far in, needing more extreme things to keep it going and getting the same thing out of it. I went from normal porn to gangbang/bondage/fetish and eventually that wasn't enough either. I turned to rape porn. Fake at first but I searched out the real stuff. I started fake social media accounts using girls I know pretending to be them in search of people telling me how they would rape and abuse them. It became pretty big. Almost 10,000 people following my fake social media. I would never do anything for real. I mean you don't have to believe me but I know myself I guess. I would never be thinking of that when I was talking to or hanging out with them. I loved them they were amazing friends to me. One of them had stopped me committing suicide before. But now they know about it and they hate me (I obviously do not blame them) and the police are involved. Recently they came over with a search warrant they took one thing. Now I have not done anything like this in a year, I have made a lot of progress personally in improving my sexual output as a person but that doesn't really matter, does it? On that technology was the furtherest I sank at my worst point. I think you can figure out what it was. I've been doing all this shit since I was 12 and I got caught well before now I'm sure it'd be some sort of slap on the wrist but at this point I don't think so. I haven't seen this thing in over a year. I thought I'd lost it but the officers found it and there's lots on it. Lots of normal nudes teenagers send to each other but also worse things I would use to trade to get videos of girls more around my age. But it's still on there and it's so fucked up. I don't know how I got to that point. I would never do anything to a kid, or any of this actual shit. And while I lost it for a long time it was still in my house and they'll still be able to say I had access to it. I wish I would have thought to search and get rid of the thing but it's too late. This happened at the beginning of the month and they told me it would be about a month before they got back to me, so my time is drawing close. I wouldn't be afraid of prison or anything like that. I just don't want everyone to think of me as a monster. My family and the girl know about the social media stuff but they don't know about this. All I wanted to do with my life was help people. I know what it's like to be fucked up, but being a sex offender takes that away, everyone will look at me different, think of me different. Hate me. As much as I hate myself. 