Wrote some notes today. I don't know if I can do it but I felt an urge to write these. Perhaps soon.Note to family and friends:

If you're reading this, I'm sorry. I didn't think I would actually do it. I thought about it a lot. Daydreamed about it. I planned it silently in my head while you went about your day as normal. You may be mad at me or think I'm selfish but it is better for everyone this way. People sometimes don't know what's best for them. I am not an attribute to anyone's life, I am simply a neutral and sometimes less than beneficial component. I cause hurt with barely a thought. I don't mean to but I do. That is why I needed to do this. For you, whoever is reading this. I did it for both of us. It wasnt in vain, I promise you. My final action was the only thing in my life I can truly say was completely unselfish. I'm sorry, but you're welcome. 

Note to my boyfriend:

(Redacted), I'm sorry. I know you loved me but trust me, this was for the best I promise. I know you cried over the phone and really didn't want me to do this but I hope someday you will see why I had to for both of us. I know you are strong enough to move on and prosper without me. You will do great things. All I would do is hold you back. I did awful things to you. I said bad things and was mean to you. I look back on old messages and wish that I had killed myself sooner. I was a manipulative disgusting person when I was alive. When asked if you still loved me once you said "I don't know, I guess I do". It was then that I realized how terrible I am. I made you so upset that you barely were able to love me anymore. I am a monster of a human being. A vile waste of skin and bones and tissue. I do not deserve to walk this earth and inflict any more pain on you or anyone else. You may think you love me but you will realize after a while that a weight has been lifted from your shoulders. You will feel better, more free, happier. That is because I was truly abusive and disgusting towards you. You have been blinded by your love for me and didn't realize. You told me I filled a hole in your heart. One day you will find a beautiful girl and she will be the one to truly fill that hole and make you happy. I'm so sorry but she wasn't me. You thought it was me but it wasn't. Trust me, you will thank me someday for this. You will look upon my death with a slight twinge of gladness and thankfulness. I saw those bad things in myself and knew I had to rid the world and you of them. I'm sorry, and you're welcome. I know you will realize some day that this was a selfless act. I wanted the best for everyone. And I knew that I could never truly change myself. This was the only option. The best option. I love you (redacted) and I died loving you but now you have to let me go, I'm gone now. You will do better without me, trust me. 