My mother wants to kill herself.If this comes off as rambling, I'm sorry. I probably should have vented about this earlier to get help for this earlier. 

I don't really know what to do in my current situation. For the past 1 and a half years, my mom has been unemployed and it doesn't appear that anyone will hire her due to, what she believes to be, her age and lack of degree. I'm 26, I also don't have a degree, but I have been striving to find ways to improve myself. I participated in a coding bootcamp to develop the skills necessary to build apps and websites for people, and while I have interviewed and have been given promises of work, nothing has come to fruition. I bring this up because I have been looking for quick fixes to find money, to support the both of us. In full, the both of us have struggled with money since I turned 20. I had to drop out of college to focus on work the first time this happened. It wasn't enough. We moved from where we were to live with my moms parents until my mom found employment. I continued to try to stay in school and commuted a far distance to get to school. I woke up at 5am every morning and stayed on campus until 10am. 2 hour commute each way. I never got much sleep and my grades suffered. I was put on probation. 

A few years passed, my mother found a job, I turned 23, and we finally were able to move out of my grandparents place. I got a job and returned to school, but the time away, I really suffered from loneliness and depression. I was prescribed a cocktail of a couple anti-depressants, and anxiety medication. I prioritized my friends over my education because I didn't want to feel alone anymore. I attempted suicide one day during a school day by taking a bottle of xanax. I just had a violent nap. lol My mother was none the wiser until the following year when I admitted to it. I wasted away a few years, not going to school, and focusing on work, because the money coming in and I was able to provide for myself and for my mother. 

I should state that I was feeling great after the suicide attempt. I dropped 100 pounds, got fit, began training in MMA. This chapter of my life, I was the happiest I had ever been. I had friends that I cared for, but again, my education took a back seat. But then a year had passed and my mom, once again, became unemployed. 1 and a half years have passed and here I am writing this. Let's get into my mother:

When I heard the news that she became unemployed again, I freaked out, I understood what this meant for us and, to some degree, I figured this may very well be the end of the line. I had a bunch of money saved up, my credit was good, and I was thinking of going back to school. but that halted. Hindsight is real, I would have gone back to school much earlier had I know this would have happened again. Instead of saving the money I had, I used it for it's original purpose of buying gifts for the people I cared about for christmas. I wanted to give something to someone for once. I feel like I never had the opportunity before. 

My mom signed up for unemployment and with that I had to stop training as it got expensive, I couldn't go to school anymore because I needed to work more. I had to use all of my credit, and sign up for new credit to get more money, to blow through that as well. I took out cash advances when my mom needed money. 

I should point out that throughout this ordeal, I began to dislike being home, I disliked my mom. I love her, but I do believe she has done things to manipulate me, the largest one being that, and I quote, "If we lose this place, I'm going to kill myself." I would hear this every new month when the rent was due. I panicked, I couldn't go to school because I couldn't afford it and yet somehow, I mucked up the courage to ask my father for help with paying for tuition for the coding bootcamp. I love to code, it's a great time, but again, I feel like the money my father lent me for my education could have gone to something better. However I did it because I thought I could find work quick, so I wouldn't have to hear that my mother wanted to kill herself every month. So that I could finally have a moment of peace where I wasn't worried all the time if I would come home to a mother that was dead. I still haven't found work. I haven't been able to focus. 

I feel like I have been conditioned to think that this is my fault, that if my mom ends up killing herself, I'm going to feel like I was at fault for this. my moms unemployment has run out, she still hasn't found work, and a few days ago, we received a pay or quit notice on the apartment we have. 

Just a few minutes ago, my mom was in an argument with my aunt. I think it stemmed from my aunt not believing my mom tried hard enough to find work. I honestly can't verify if that statement is true or not. 

My mom burst into my room, telling me this, and I paraphrase: 

"I think I'm at the end of my rope. Tomorrow, we are going to try to get your car sold and get my car placed into your name because I won't be needing it anymore. I'm going to throw away most of the things that I own because I don't want you to inherit those things as they aren't needed either. I also want you to tell your aunt, probably at my funeral, the words that I don't want to say out loud, because I didn't want to burden her with what I'm going to do." 

I'm angry and scared. I don't know how to deal with this because I haven't been able to save us from this predicament. I feel like I should have found work, I feel like maybe I didn't try hard enough to look for work and to hone my skills as a programmer, I am not suicidal, I'm just unbelievably angry and sad. Scared. And feeling alone again. I don't know what steps I need to take from here. Being poor is expensive. I needed to vent because therapy doesn't work. or maybe I haven't found the right therapist. My mom set up an appointment for therapy but that appointment will not occur until late October, which is fucking ridiculous.

I don't know how to end this. And I left details out. I'm not thinking very clearly. 