Think I’m able to do it now.Wasn’t able to do it for years and years. Last time I got this close was back in 2015 when i had a whole box of pills I was gonna take, and I just couldn’t do it. Well last week I stayed up late getting drunk and I had a box just sitting there, put them all in a cup and I realised there was nothing stopping me this time. Last time I was too scared... what if it doesn’t work? What if it gets better? What will I be missing out on? Well this time, the fear is gone. Only thing that stopped me was the realisation that I can go out and get more, and really cut out any chance of making it out alive. So I went to the pharmacy and used an old prescription to pick up some new pills, added them to the collection. It’s enough to kill me now for sure. This is gonna be a lame comparison, but you know that episode of family guy where brian talks about having a gun in a safe, just in case it ever gets too much?.That’s where it feels like I am, right now. I know next time things really go to shit i’m just gonna do it, and now that I know that things can actually end I feel like I’m really living and like my life really matters -living is a choice now, so continuing on feels so much more meaningful now that I know I’m not more or less forced to do it anymore. 

All the same, how long is it gonna be until my next meltdown when all it takes is a particularly shitty day to push me over the edge? And all the same again, what does it matter when I’ve got nothing to lose, anyway? What have I gained in the past four years, after I realised I was too chicken to do it back in 2015? I don’t know. What am I losing if I try to call it quits? I don’t know again. Part of me really want this to end, part of me wants to keep trying. How do I pick who’s rational? Can I know? I feel like it’s a leap of faith either way. I do it, and lose the chance that things could get better. Or I don’t, and run the risk that things will never get better. But I feel like I’m on a time limit of all of a week before I have another bad night, and get drunk enough to really want to go for it again. I don’t know what to do. I think I’m just gonna try and wait it out and try and go on living with this new respect I have for living, and hope for the best one way or another.