I want to go away.I want to go away, so far away. I don’t want to go anywhere though, I just want to be gone.

I can’t, though. I’m stuck. Feet firmly locked in this place, because my parents swear that they’ll kill themselves if I do such a drastic thing. That makes me feel even more stuck in this prison. I understand why they say it, but fuck. I don’t want anything bad to happen to them just because I’m so desperate for a taste of peace.

Then there’s my girlfriend, honestly the only person I really care about whatsoever. You might say “But you just mentioned your parents,” they’re innocent bystanders to me. Of course I care. I don’t like the idea of my death bringing them an eternity of pain, should there be an afterlife. Nobody deserves that, other than me. But my girlfriend, I love her. A lot. Too much, maybe. I’m beginning to realize she might not love me the same, though... she might not even love me at all. I don’t know where to go, who to turn to. I don’t want new people in my life, I don’t want anyone to say “Are you okay?” or be worried. I don’t want any of this shit. I want out. If I wanted sympathy, I’d post on all my social media “I WANT TO KILL MYSELF!” and let it rip from there. I don’t want that though. Preferably if I went through with it, nobody would necessarily know. I think the biggest thing holding me back right now is just wondering if my girlfriend would miss me, if she’d wish I were back here rather than the oblivion that I dream of. She’s the only person that ever made my life feel worth living, and she’s the only reason it’s worth living right now.

I feel so much guilt, anguish. It’s nobody’s fault that I want this except for my own, and I don’t understand why I want it so bad right now. I just want to flutter free. I don’t know who I am, or what to do anymore. I just want her to hold me, one more time. But I can’t. She’s out of town. So maybe I have to wait all weekend. Maybe I have to wait longer. I feel sick. I feel fucked up. I feel lost.

I don’t want any sympathy, I just desperately wanted to rant without anyone who knows me growing concerned.