I now have a gun, and I dont know how much longer Ill be here.The past 5 years or so Ive had consistent thoughts of death. Sometimes its in the back of my mind, other times its the only thing I can focus on. I feel completely isolated (which is my fault,) and I have zero hope that I'll ever have the tools or knowledge to be happy. Ive came close a few times, I've been hospitalized, but all its really come down to is the Dr. saying "Here are a few options of pills you can take." and Ive tried several and they all just..dont work. Ive never been able to explain what these pills do to me, but they do not take away the pain of just being forced to live. I feel like I have no "family" by the common definition. My parents divorced because my father is emotionally abusive, my siblings all got into heavy drugs and left, my mom just gave up and dropped me off at my dads one day and moved away and I only hear or see her a few times a year on a good year. I dont think she really thinks much of me. My relationship with my father is awful. And I can't blame him for all of it. He has been emotionally and sometimes physically abusive to me but at the same time Ive given him reasons to be. Ive been a failure for so long. Ive struggled to hold a job, I do drugs far more than I should, and Ive stolen alcohol and pills from him before because I cant deal with the pain that I create for myself.

But now I dont feel so forced to be this way, because I can be dead. Im scared of death, I feel like we all are. Becoming nothing is a hard thought to accept, but living has become even more terrifying, and It takes more strength to live than It does to die, strength that I feel like I've run out of. Ive noticed it does feel different going about my life with the gun under my bed. Its almost easier getting out of bed now and doing small things knowing that I am not forced to endure the same pain tomorrow, making every effort feel pointless. The next time I am feeling this unreal pain, or nothing at all, Ill go out into the woods, and put a bullet into my brain.

It's funny, because I have a doctors appointment on the first of next month because I want to talk to him about seeing a specialist for my problems. But now that I have a way out, I no longer care much for the idea of trying to fix myself and failing like I always have. I have my solution right here.