I just need to say it to someone.I have been suicidal for the last several years. I consider the option of taking my life on average once every other day, although stress will cause me to think about it constantly. I'm finding myself less and less capable of handling the stress of everyday life. The simplest responsibilities that I would have normally handled just four years ago are now like walking in 10X gravity. 

My mood swings are fairly severe and happen quite quickly; I can go from feeling on top of the world with my mind running wild to suddenly picturing my suicide plan within less than an hour.  I come from a family with alcoholism, anxiety, and depression and it is starting to manifest in my own life now.  I have a drinking problem, and most people are unaware because I drink mostly when I'm alone at night. When I do drink, I try and drink myself into a black hole to escape reality and rarely stop until I pass out. The only reason it hasn't affected my life outwardly much is that I do this infrequently.  I also have struggled with pornography a lot, although I did not realize it was becoming a problem until the summer.  It killed my self image and I feel so disgusting (grew up very religious and also cannot stand seeing how poorly porn actresses are sometimes treated) that I could no longer be intimate with my wonderful partner at the time.  She thought I did not love her anymore, but I still love her to this day and I would give up the world to show her how sorry I am.  I am happy she has moved on in life though, but I miss her and her family so much.

My father died of melanoma and that seems to be where my problems really began to affect my life.  I was halfway through my university education when he died and I did not perform as well as I'd have liked. I still did really well but I was in a cloud the whole time and now I feel like I absorbed nothing in the last two years of my education.  Now I'm in graduate school trying to become a cancer researcher and I just do not have what it takes.  I am doing very well academically, but I am just not cut out to work in a lab setting where everything is so damn expensive and money is tight. 

A part of me thinks I should just quit and work at a McDonald's or find some sort of job that is better suited to someone like me. But there is a part of me that knows I should be capable of doing this, it just feels like every time I try to apply myself these day I set myself up for failure because my anxiety is constantly clouding my judgement.  I find myself constantly retreating to my room.

I need help and I always talk myself out of it because I'll suddenly feel fine again. But then I'll be in a pit and I can feel myself inching forward towards attempting suicide. My plan is becoming more thorough and I have ruled out several methods because of fear. I want to make it as peaceful as possible so that my final moments in life aren't terrifying. I want to live, but life is becoming harder and harder and I am getting weaker and weaker. I have attempted two suicide notes lately and the only thing that stops me is the thought of my mother and how it would devastate her. Every time I try to say goodbye I can't, but now I feel trapped in this body and I am starting to feel desperate to escape. 

I know that if I do not get help soon, then I am going to fail hard in my research and I know I won't be able to stop myself from doing it then. I have no vision of a future and no ability to seriously plan for it because suicide is the only thing I can think of. (And how could I plan for a future that seems as uncertain as ours? It seems like humanity is both in the best period of history but teetering on absolute chaos!) Every time I try to convince myself it is time to get help, I back away because I tell myself I'm being a pussy. I'm hoping tomorrow I will finally make the decision for my future.

If you read this, I hope you are doing alright and I am sorry if you are going through something similar or much worse. Be strong, friends.

Edited a word for clarity.