first post, I'm really lost.So... this is my first reddit post ever. But here it goes.

I'm 23, female, and I live a pretty good life I guess. I've got a husband, 2 cats, a nice place, a steady job. But every day I wake up wanting to blow my brains out. I pray that hours rush by so days rush by so time rushes by so it'll be closer to the time that I'm dead. Sometimes getting out of bed in the morning is the most impossible thing to do. Sometimes I lay there and watch the minutes pass counting down the snooze until I can hit it again, just to lay there some more.

I just don't want to do it anymore. I don't want to live this life anymore. I really fucked up I guess. So I'm gonna try to run through my life really quick so you can have a little background.

I was born into a family of a mother, a father and a half brother. None of them are bad people in themselves, but maybe they didn't quite live up to their titles once I came along. My parents both are big drinkers. Dad would sometimes go weeks without talking to us, mom would get drunk and mad and tell me what a failure I was. During the day before they started drinking though we had good times, which has left me now feeling totally compromised as far as our relationship goes, because I moved out when I was 18, and now I feel like it's been so long maybe things weren't as bad as I remembered and maybe I really am a bad daughter. My parents are always saying how they wish I came around more, but I don't really have an interest in seeing them. They didn't do much to help me out growing up.

When I was in preschool my christian day care director molested me. I had to see a child psychologist (which no one told me was a psychologist and I had no idea what was going on the whole time) and my parents had to fight for custody of me from the state.

I apparently had problems as being a pathological liar, but it was mainly just that I didn't understand a lot of things. Like the difference between pretend and reality. It's okay to say "I have a dog" when you're pretending, but if you just walk up to a stranger and say "I have a dog" it's a lie, and a sin, and I should be punished. So I got in trouble a lot, but mainly because I just.. Didn't understand. Which made me a socially awkward kid.

I made it through elementary school no problems. I was really smart. Always head of my class in everything. I was constantly in the paper for something. My parents were proud of me, I was happy, mostly naive. When I got to middle school I had 3 teachers. One was my brother's ex girlfriend's mother. One was her best friend, and one was a less than memorable guy. Well, my brother and his ex had a real bad breakup, it involved the cops and everything, she vandalized his truck, the police got involved, it was messy. So I had no idea that she hated me and my family (oops.) Sometimes it's not always best to keep your kids in the dark parents.

I proceeded to think that we were on good friendly terms and was quickly met with a lot of pent up frustration that I took the vast brunt of. I was bullied a lot, I didn't have any of my friends from elementary school, and when the teacher bullies you in front of the class it's quickly learned that you better not do anything but laugh and agree because anything else meant you were next. Of course my parents didn't believe me because I accidentally misinformed some people about having a few pets as a kid (pretend and reality) so I had no one.

Days were rough, the bulling got worse as I got higher in grades, by 8th grade I was getting beat up often. I even got a concussion once from getting my head slammed into a door. I was told that I would never be worth more than a cheap fuck. That I was fat and ugly because my mom wouldn't let me wear makeup. I wore a size 3, but still developed an eating disorder and started cutting. My parents noticed that I was on a spiraling path and transferred me out of the school district to a new school district in the county, making sure that I knew how much of an inconvenience it was going to be but since I just didn't know how to act they thought it would be better for me.

And it was. That move saved my life at the time. At my new school I made good friends, I had a good time. Things at home still sucked but at school I had an out. I finally felt like I had a normal school life. Except for some minor traumatic events, like being raped at school by my 9th grade boyfriend. I of course never told anyone, and when he went around and told everyone what a slut I was I figured it was less embarrassing to just just agree with him than admit that I was a timid little virgin (er.. half..ish virgin? I don't really know what you call yourself after something like that)

Speed up to current day, I married my best friend. I'm very in love with him. And there is no other person in the world that can bring me as high and as painfully low as my husband.
I just wanna go ahead and say that I want to leave any discussion of my marriage out of this, whether I should or shouldn't be with him or how he acts isn't anything I'm concerned with hearing about.

I have no idea how to be happy. So umm.. I've got a lot of health problems, and I've just been through a lot in life, and I feel like I've really learned a lot from it and that I've taught a lot from it.

I feel fine and fulfilled with my life. And I'm ready for it to be done now. I just don't want to do it anymore. I don't think it's fair that I have to wake up every morning. I don't think it's fair that I have to work in a field that I don't enjoy just to pay bills and have insurance to try to help pay for the painful medical conditions I have to keep me alive for another day and for what? To do it again? To sit in this goddamn hamster wheel of life for another day, another year, another hour? Oh god, if this is life then I really don't want to do it. I'm not learning new things, it's not my job to spread the good news of overcoming my struggles, like, why the fuck do I get up in the morning? I don't want to just exist to exist. I don't want to be a drone that's emotionally beat down and accepting of less than what I wanted because that's what "normal" life is. Fuck that. I'm tired. I'm tired of fighting for more, I'm tired of fighting to stay afloat at where I'm at now. I'm so ready to just let go. I just want to feel peaceful. I want to be done, I want to leave gracefully ensuring that everything I want to do and say before I go is done and said. And I just don't understand why that's such a bad thing. All  you hear is "hang on your life is worth it" blah blah blah. What if my life isn't worth it? To me, the only person it should really even matter to?

I wish that I could just take a pill or something. 12 hours for everyone to come and say goodbye, that we could cry and reminisce and laugh about the good times and then say farewell. But god forbid anyone mention wanting to be dead, better lock you up in a psych ward to make sure someone's always there watching you to make sure you continue to live this miserable life you so desperately want out of.

I just don't think it's fair. I don't want to hurt anyone, I don't want to make anyone sad, I just wish that people loved me enough to not want me to hurt either. I just don't want to do this anymore. I don't want to be on this planet anymore. I don't want to take another breath in this body, as this person. I don't care what's next, I don't want this anymore.

So.. 
So well that's where I'm at. And I just can't take it anymore. And I had to tell someone. Someone needs to know that no matter what happens it's not anyone's fault. It's not my parents fault for not being what I needed growing up, they always had clear intentions whether they were carried out well or not. It's not the fault of the kids that picked on me at school, or my 9th grade boyfriend, or my husband, or anyone else. No one's to blame. No one is at fault. I don't want people to cram up and have a big pity party and be left compromised for the rest of their lives because of something as stupid as me moving up the date that the inevitable was going to happen. I don't want them to say "I wish I had done more" or "If only [this that and the other]" I want them to say "She was a good person while she was here. She did a lot of good things and helped a lot of people. She fought her demons for years and finally retired to a well deserved peace."

I don't understand what's so bad about that.