what to you doedit: i couldn't even get the damn spelling right...

when you want to kill yourself, but can't. and i don't mean fail. if i went through with it, i'd jump off the george washington bridge or something, so that death would be certain. i don't want to wake up in the psych ward crying that i can't even end it all.

i mean, what is there to do when you try your hardest to make people happy, and succeed at most times, and then look on at all of the smiling faces around you and wish that you didn't exist. wish that you could have some of that real happiness, not just the fake smile you put on so that everybody would go on thinking things are okay.

i have tried the drugs, the only ones that worked were opiates and i learned secondhand that they weren't to be abused. without weed, i don't know if i could make it this far, i am not a pothead anymore, but sometimes i need to just blank out this horrific canvas that is my mind. i don't want happy pills though, i don't want drugs.

and after you confessed your love for somebody more than five years ago to them not accepting it, how do you move on. there are some i fancy, but fail to get, because i can't get this eternal virgin love out of focus. there will never be another like her, even if there is, because i can't let it be so. yes, poke your fun, time to move on man, all that shit, if you knew her, you would understand.

what if nothing is fun anymore. the games, the times, the things we do that keep us going. what if there is none of that, what if the things you used to love you hate now, even if you know that you want to do it. work isn't fun, hobbies aren't fun, nothing is fun. how has this happened. 

so what do you do when you don't want to kill yourself, but see it as an end to the suffering, which i know is part of life, the best, the one that lets you know you're alive. if there was only a way to never have existed, it probably would have been better for all.

i'm sorry to take up a part of your day, this is a part of mine, regularly, i pray that no one ever knows this feeling, ever. i'm looking for an answer that might not exist. 