I want to make a serious attempt to kill myself for attention.I go by every day unnoticed. I have no way of expressing my suffering to people. I see other people trying to get it out on social media but nobody cares. Everyone is wrapped up in their own little world and has their own little friends that they care about.  
  
I talk to my psychiatrist, but it just leads to nihilism and more pills, more drugs, more tolerance, more overdosing just to sleep in a manner that I don't hallucinate my dead mother bleeding all over me with growths and parasites coming out of her.  
  
I need a friend. I need someone to realise that I am not okay. I need people to notice that I am getting so close to making a legitimate suicide attempt but in the meaningless of my life I am still desperate for somebody to take me seriously.  
  
I want to seriously injure myself in a way that will not physically or mentally impair me but there is that risk, but I don't care so much anymore. As long as if I mess up I am able to legitimately commit suicide afterwards.  
  
I want to do this for attention. I want to fuck myself up and send a picture of me in hospital with all of my life drained from me to someone who I know will make a public post on social media and make it look to them like I am a lot worse than I am; even though my "suicide attempt" will not be totally fatal.  
  
People will feel bad for never bothering to ask if I am okay. They will feel bad for not talking to me when I have made a Facebook status asking for a friend to talk to. They will feel guilty, like there is so much more they could have done. I want to then just be pumped full of enough drugs to knock me out from the pain while I disappear on Facebook and people wonder if I am even still alive.  
  
Because that's what people do. I'm not unattractive. I'm not someone that can't hold a conversation or find sexual gratification. But I'm so fucking depressed and nobody is on my wavelength. Nobody understands the anxiety and depression that plagues me every day. They know I exist but any attempt to really tell people that I'm going to die, would be brushed off with "don't do it, you're worth more than this." ; as they go on with their lives not thinking about me or wanting to spend time with me.  
  
This attempt will manipulate and force a mass of people to care about me. People who are feeling the same as me will finally take the time to call me and see me. I will not have to feel emotionally isolated. It won't be "you're worth more than this, don't do it because suicide is not the answer, it will get better" — Because as far as they are concerned I am almost dead already, and to some extent that will be true. They won't know how to react in any other way other than caring about me.  
  
I will make friends with people I identify. I won't be sitting alone making stupid fucking Reddit posts. People I don't know, and people that used to care about me alike will come close to me and see me in an attempt to stop me from ever doing something like this ever again.  
  
Everybody else's pleas for help that fall on deaf ears will continue but I will finally have some solace and love from people through the way that I harm myself.  
  
I am currently thinking of getting a new SIM card, sending a text to someone, and the police with a suicide note and hooking up a hose from my exhaust pipe into the window of my car to render me unconscious but time it correctly so that the police find me before I lose so much oxygen that I suffer permanent brain damage. This will still fuck me up for a good week in hospital before I can start to recover.  
  
Thanks for listening Suicide Watch, even though you probably don't care just like all the people who currently don't care that I exist. Tonight I am going to find out whether I have a future with people, which they will. They will absolutely respond in masses when they see my pale white face with an exaggerated story posted in hysteria by someone else.  
  
I will finally have someone who cares.  
And on the off chance I don't, I'll just do it again, but in an isolated area where the carbon monoxide will do its job properly with nothing to leave behind.