I just don't know how to go onI'm 31, struggling to find a job for almost a year now, and I'm broke as hell. I have no idea how to buy food next month, and bills just keep coming in. I owe like 7k€ to the bank already :(

Everyone starts to think I'm just too lazy to work, and that kills me. All my friends have their awesome careers, buying houses, getting married. I'm sitting around in my appartment, thinking about what to do with my life. I'm an IT-Technician, but a really bad one. The place where I got the education basically taught us whatever the company needed us for, but we didn't get any basics, like how does Active Directory work, how do you set up servers, domains etc., but that's what everyone expects from an IT-Technician. Back then I would have been really interested in that stuff, but over the years I just saw it as a way to make money and didn't bother, and nowadays I'm just not interested in this kind of IT anymore at all.

A few years forward I get a cool job as an AdServer administrator. I was always interested in web stuff, and even though I didn't even know what an AdServer was I just applied for the job, got it, and worked myself in. Unfortunately I made a bad decision and quit the job after a couple of years, because going to the job cost almost a quarter of my salary (I live in a rural are, the job was in a city 70km away). If only I knew how hard it would be to find a decent job then...

These days I apply for everything, as a driver for different places, as a shiftworker in big industrial companies, but after being unemployed for so long it seems I have no chance. More and more companies don't even get back to my application. (BTW my application, resume etc have all been checked and corrected several times by professionals, as the organization that gives you money while you're unemployed forces you to go to courses in which they teach you what's important about applications, resumes etc)

There's no-one around who could help me financially (my mum died 1,5 years ago, that's when I found out that my family basically was broke, since there wasn't even enough money for the funeral). 

On top of that, my dad is suffering from depression, and my mum dying didn't really make things better as you can imagine. He's also in financial troubles and has to move out of his house because he can't afford it anymore. 

Over this summer there are 3 different friends getting married, and traditionally you give them a bit of money, the absolute minimum being 50€, which you usually give if you're not really close to the couple. I'll have to go to my drummer's wedding and won't be able to give him ANYTHING. I feel like shit already. 

I've been unemployed for almost a year now, the first 6 months I still somehow could live, like I could afford to do little things every now and then. Then I came to the point where I had not even 40€ a week to buy food for me and my cats, which really sucks, but is doable. At the same time it forces you to pretty much stay at home and do nothing. My friends go out every weekend, go to concerts, etc. I can't do anything of it anymore, and it sucks so bad because most people think you're just boring and not wanting to do anything.

So, at this point I'm basically only waiting until my dad dies, since I don't want to hurt him. But once he's gone, I'll follow him.