Why are myself and my feelings treated as worthless?For 2.5 years, from the ages of 25-28, I was in an abusive relationship with a girl named Amber, who I had known since she and I were both 16. We'd had quite a history previously, but had never dated until that point. I loved everything about her, and I felt completely comfortable around her, as though I could tell her anything. The first 4 months were wonderful, but then she turned emotionally abusive and manipulative, and transformed into a compulsive liar. She left by becoming pregnant with another man's child. To say the least, my emotions were battered and trampled beyond recognition.

I tried dating after her. I met a girl named Kate about a week after Amber left, but the timing was a bit off. She and I had both recently exited bad relationships, and neither of us fully committed to a new one. She moved a few months later, anyways.

For the next year, I tried meeting and asking out other women, only to notice a pattern developing throughout the 7 or 8 attempts. The pattern was that I seemed to continually get the "I'll hang out with you, claim I feel a connection with you, and even claim I'm fascinated by you and was really attracted to you when we first met, but then I'll give you trite bullshit when you bring up a relationship" routine.

Last August, I saw Kate again, and after having wondered about our potential relationship for over a year, I spilled my feelings to her. She said she couldn't give me an answer that night, but that she would the next night. She proceeded to ignore me the next night, too. Then, she disappeared until this week. So, I saw her just last night, again. I asked her if she remembered our conversation from August, and she said yes, and that she was sorry for being so rude last August, but that, at this point in time, she's "not interested in a relationship" and "satisfied with personal growth." I was so crushed, that I didn't have anything else to say. I had waited 6 months to be flatly and almost emotionlessly rejected in a 10-second explanation.

Mostly, I feel crushed and like I'll never mean anything significant to anyone again. I keep getting this complete and utter rejection of my emotions over and over again, to where it feels like no one at all cares about them or their existence...and I'm starting to agree with them.

I cannot be loved, and I really wish I could die.