I'm a happy person who has been randomly having brief suicidal thoughts when I do something embarrassing/myopic/petty. Advice?Hey guys, hoping for a little insight, or perhaps someone with a similar experience.

I am a happy, productive, well liked (far as I can tell) person, but I have been having flashes of suicidal thoughts lately, more and more progressively over the last 2 years. When I say flashes, what I mean is this... I will be going about my day, and my mind will wander to something I did earlier. Maybe 2 minuets ago, earlier that day, last month, whenever. I think about something embarrassing or regretful, like forgetting someones name, saying something stupid on a date, over sharing personal life to co-workers, forgetting to tip, worrying about whether I'd insulted someone, etc. Regular social faux pas and or personal gaffs we all make. And immediately my first though will be... I should kill myself. Usually shooting myself, something quick. And then I catch myself, and think “Why the fuck am I thinking about killing myself. Why is that my first thought, upon remembering some comment I made that got misinterpreted, to kill myself?”

I never think beyond that. I never contemplate suicide. Like what I'd put in the letter, how I'd do it, who would be sad, when, where, etc. It's just this flash of “... that was embarrassing/myopic/petty.....” and then imagine just offing myself.

It has been happening more and more lately and it's starting to freak me out. I would never actually do it. I am reasonably happy 25 year old dude. I'm decent looking, healthy, have lots of friends, a day job that I kinda like and pays well, and am even a semi-professional stand up comic, which gives me immense creative fulfilment and a hell of an ego boost. I haven't been laid in a few months, but I get a decent amount of attention from women, all things considered.

But then randomly, more and more recently, my reaction to petty social anxieties and small, but poor, decisions I've made is to want to wrap my mouth around a gun. Again, I'm not suicidal in the traditional sense, I wouldn't, and definitely couldn't, follow through with it, and that's why I find it so strange that I have these thoughts.

Has anyone else had this experience? I know the side bar says not to diagnose, but if there's a name or condition for this I would love resources.

Thanks for your input. While I wait for comments, I'm going to see I can help the genuinely distraught people in the forum.