College Dropout Contemplating Ending It AllI've already gone through this all before. A few years ago in college I went through a rough breakup. I lost all my friends and was forced to see my ex being happy, going out, etc. My summer was spent in my secluded redneck town with no job prospects and no way to get out. I was trapped. Every day I broke down a little more until I was seriously contemplating suicide just to get away. She was off having fun, finishing college, etc. And I was wasting my days away living with my mother with no option to escape.

I struggled through it. I went through every agonizing day working on myself. I realized it wasn't the girl that made me want to end it. It was my individual failures. I was just using her as a crutch. I spent the next two years getting over her and improving my life situation. I made new friends, learned to be happy independently, and enrolled back in school.

Everything was going fine until I was kicked out of college unjustly for reasons I can't dig into here. I had to embarrassingly pack my things and return home 2 weeks into the new semester. I had almost completed my degree. But I lost everything and wasted 3 years of my life.

I spent the next year back in my hometown. I stumbled onto a temporary warehouse job. I had to drive 1 hour each way everyday in blizzards for a miserable $8/hr job. But it gave me a temporary purpose and some money for when I was able to return to school whenever that my be. The rest of my year was spent living in an unhappy situation at home with a mother who was no doubt secretly embarrassed at my daily routine of being a useless leech living at home in my early 20's.

I finally got a chance at a new start last year. I packed my things and headed off to a new school. I made many new friends. I had girls chasing me for a date. My grades were excellent. I was in a major that I loved and a school I loved. I was barely scraping by financially but I was making it. And it was worth it.

But now my car finally kicked the bucket. It sounds petty and stupid. But I was barely making it by. Now I can't go back. I just don't have the money. All my stuff is there. The added costs of a new vehicle, flying back, etc. are just too much. I loved it there. And every day I realize I just can't afford to go back. Everything I worked and waited for. My fresh start flushed down the drain.

I just can't go through that type of depression again. It was a hard fought battle that took several years of my life. I'm 20some years old. I'm $40K in debt from student loans. I can't waste more years living in my mother's house with no job, no education, and no hope. Not again.