Idk how to title this.So I’m contemplating suicide again. Success is a lie we tell ourselves that we’ll enjoy once we’ve got it, but in actuality we’ll hate it once it’s there. If there’s a heaven or hell, it’s got to be infinitely better than whatever’s happening here. At least in hell, you can dream having something better, and in heaven you could make something better happen. But in this place, there’s nothing but what you were started with. And you can start on hard mode, or easy mode, and even then the game of life is quite shit. Because the payoff isn’t worth it. By the time you get to that payoff, you’re already dying. Meaning you literally can’t enjoy life. It is physically impossible. Because the way it works rn. Like, I understand that I might be missing hormones or whatever in my brain, and that’s why I can’t express real happiness or sadness (it’s always been feigned so I don’t look like a psychopath or a serial killer), but if there is a God, then why would he make a person so miserable and incapable of emotion that the consequences of their actions on a terrible planet will have zero effect on them because those places only provide stuff I can’t have i.e. happiness and sadness? At this point in life, I guess all I can do is try to understand why I hate existing. So, yeah. I’m thinking about suicide. And if you’re thinking, “You just gotta find what you like. You’re young, you’ll figure it out.”, I say to you: I hate people, I hate moving my ass (being tall is not that fun, trust me), and I feel like all the effort put into life is fucking stupid. You have to wake up on time, clean your body, feed your body, work for money to do those things, look decent, pay to look decent, socialize with imbeciles, sleep on time, be smart, be dumb, be strong, act weak. It’s all for what?! A fucking chance at being in a big house? A girl that just whines and acts for more, or hates you over time? A car that looks cool? It’s all a fucking sham. Too much effort for something I don’t care about. Nothing interests me in life cuz it’s all either incredibly boring, laborious, or impossible with the tools I have available. Life is just fucking misery and stress for zero payoff. And I just want out before it tricks me into thinking I have a chance at something good, when I know damn well I don’t have a chance.