Is suicide selfish?Big Brother here doesn't want us to talk about suicide because our society isn't ready to talk about suicide.

I've heard it a million times. "Suicide is selfish" "Think of others" Blah blah blah.

Very very few people want to die for no reason.

The Universe is very much, cause and effect. Even chaos theory just tries to explain the unexplained (usually an unexpected result due to a variable as yet unobserved that changes the expected outcome)

So when people say "I want to die" they are usually saying "I'm in pain and I want it to stop."

We can begin to categorize their pain as emotional or physical pain.

Anxiety driving their idealizations of suicide may be from exhaustion when dealing with a physical pain from a physical illness and they simply don't want to keep fighting it anymore.

Or the anxiety driving their desire for suicide could be that there is emotional trauma that they cannot figure out how to deal with.

Either way, suicide as a knee-jerk reaction is not a good thing and we definitely want to help people find a way to deal with the pain wherever the source.

Now what about people that cannot express the pain properly? We see many, many examples of people with physical pain that are unable to tell us where it hurts (my leg), possibly why it hurts (I fell down and now my leg won't stop hurting).

This must be very frustrating for the doctors as they rush and try to help the poor person as they are in considerable pain. So doctors have spent generations trying to create diagnostic tools to help identify physical ailments and then come up with ways to treat the damage, or at least sooth the pain until the body can heal.

With psychiatric issues things get far more complex as there could be physical issues driving the emotional outbursts.

Brain damage is a very complex injury and not only can it be harder to detect, but it is often very hard to treat.

So put yourself in the patient's shoes for a moment. You hurt, you act out, you scream, you smash things you shake and feel like nothing makes sense. Your reality may be changing, you may hear or see things other people don't (schizophrenia) and to an outside observer, you're just having a psychotic episode and treatment can be quite disturbing for you. You have to accept that you are going to be experimented on with different medications, combinations of meds, and possibly even other methods such as ECT. Anxiety at this point is natural as your personality is going to change. 

Many people stop taking their medication because they feel like they are trapped inside their own bodies. Some may become violent as it is natural to feel under attack when something is making you feel trapped or sick.

To top it all off, now you have to try to work in a society that will either treat you with contempt or treat you like a child. Or even fear.

Contempt? Or condescension? Seems like a shit choice. It breaks your heart to see people look away when you talk to them, their discomfort plain to see in their eyes. It almost makes you wish you were back OFF the meds, with your happy little world you have made and at least people liked you then.

But off of the meds, those outbursts come back.

So suicide seems like a decent choice. Suicide will take care of everything. It's a shame, and it makes you sad and angry. And this is why I don't believe in God. Why would God do this to me?

Why indeed.... logically either God is not real, or God is uncaring. After all, God lets children get bone cancer or brain cancer. Why shouldn't get just let you be crazy?

Even as I write this, the screen is gently breathing in and out. I look at the walls of my room to see them gently moving as if waves were moving along them. The words swirl in little eddies and I have to blink over and over. Sometimes I read the same thing for quite some time.

I also notice that I can no longer draw a clock, or trim my facial hair symmetrically. My ears ring very loudly and I feel more and more nauseated. Words, I can't think of words like people's names. I keep losing track of my money and I over spend, not because I'm being greedy, but because I simply cannot remember that I didn't pay something.

More insipid is when I pay it. I swear I've paid it. My memory is lying to me. It must be. I paid 111.17 for the utility bill. I know I did. But when I look in my account, only 52 dollars has been taken and now I owe that 111.17 on the 16th? I swear I setup the gas bill but I didn't. And now it's being cut off.

I can remember the strangest, stupidest pieces of trivia. But I can't remember to eat at certain times. And setting alarms... when alarms go off my heart rate spikes. I start to sweat. I freak out. I have a panic attack that won't go away. And even setting an alarm squeezes my heart.

I'm a hard worker. I work in conditions that other people refuse to. I still lose my job.

I think I'm insane. And I don't think I should have to kill myself violently or put other people at risk with the method. I just want a nice, quick and pleasant death. I think I've earned that much.

So is suicide selfish when all you want to do is end your suffering so you stop acting out and disappointing others?

I don't think so, let's hear your thoughts.