I need help, and a friendI'm only 18. My life will be done at 18. I go on facebook and every one is graduating. That kid who bullied me, has a girlfriend. That girl who ruined me, has a boyfriend. Everyone has graduated. Everyone told me I'd never graduate, they were right. It's hard to not go on a massacre and kill everyone who did me wrong. I won't, but I live thinking about it. I go on bestgore and watch people getting shot, people blowing their brains out. They look so peaceful, the pain is no more. I had so much potential, fuck. That's the part that pisses me off. I have so much fucking potential, and I'm going to throw it all away. I'm already dead. Everyone is dead to me. I wont reach 19 and I dont want to. No ones reading this, but fuck it. I cant open up anyways, it's either this or suicide hotline and they fucking hate me. Why must I suffer any much longer? Why am I even typing this? I'm going crazy. That one person reading this, this is what happens. This is what a crazy fuck looks like. This is what a dead person sounds like. My heart may be thumping, but I died a while ago. Nothing will help except if I had a friend. I just want a friend, that's all I want. But that's too much to ask. All of my friends were girls because I was attractive, but none of them wanted to date me. This is where the hate comes in. I want to kill them, I want to watch them fucking suffer just like they did to me. I cant because they're in a whole different country, but I want to so fucking bad. I'll make sure I die first before I hurt anyone though. This is what it looks like. My mom is going to kill herself if she finds out I committed suicide. I have to wait. I just have to wait and suffer until it's my time to go. This is what it looks like, must be laughing at me right now. Everyone does, I'm gonna be the crazy guy on the street saying the worlds gonna end. My world will end. This is my last and final cry for help, because I'm tired of trying. This is my last time posting on here to, so peace the fuck out world

Tl;dr: go fuck yourself