My life is genuinely ruinedToday, on April 28th, 2017, I came to understand the darkness of humanity. 

Let me give some context. I am currently a junior in high school a 4.3 GPA (4 with honors scale), 35 Comprehensive ACT with writing, and extensive extra-curricular activities. I am aiming for ivies or equivalent and all portions are extremely essential. My parents (asians, surprise) also hold extremely high expectations for me. Personally I hold myself in high regard, has a pretty big ego but doesn't abhor it, and am a stubborn person in holding my views.

Throughout my junior year I dedicated countless hours to a music honor society and a language honor society. I was an officer for both and did my best to win officers of both over in order to gain an advantage in the election that was decided recently. Both results came out today.

My extracurricular activities were absolutely destroyed. 

Language Honor Society Officer Position: Gone. The election was an absolute mess. The senior officers and sponsors had the ability to add 5 votes and 10 votes respectively to candidates they wanted. Despite finding this absolutely unjust, I was in no position to protest as I needed to maintain a good image. The "honor society" was not honorable at all, the election system varied from year to year to benefit the candidates the sponsors liked and hated, and possibly due to my personality this past year they decided to cut me off by implementing this system. Last year because it was 1 vote for everyone I got elected, but this year they changed it drastically.

Music Honor Society Officer Position: Absolutely undermined me. I was putting in more work than all other officers AND members, and they gave me the position of secretary. Presidents were individuals that probably helped out in events once or twice a year, while I was basically there for all events the society held. The election system is absolutely hidden from the public, decided by senior officers and the sponsors. I genuinely don't know what went wrong here. The sponsors couldn't stop thanking me after every event, the senior officers liked me, and left hints to leave the society in my hands. The disparity crushed me.

I honestly don't know where to go from here. I almost no longer had any form of extra-curricular leadership and my plan for my whole high school career is ruined. I don't know if I should seek justice, quit the societies, or just give up entirely. I'm leaning towards the last option. I feel like I've been made a fool of: I spent so much time for nothing.

As for those of you that are about to comment down about how I still have hope left in college apps, don't. All those that have been promoted to the position I deserved have equivalent or higher GPA's than mine and now have better activities than I do.

Earlier in the year I went for a leadership position for my school's iGEM team and got my least desired position. I fail to perform well at many of my best subjects. My life is falling apart.

I consider myself one that is extremely self-aware and often force myself to express my emotions with words (the equivalent of channeling one's anger into physical force at a gym). This is what came out. I think usually I put my expectations for myself as too high for everything, but this the last straw, one that I consider to be unjust. People often say that giving up is the easiest and you don't fail from falling down but from staying down, but I don't know how to climb back up or if I truly can.