How my disease is making me want to kill myself more and more everyday.I've been diagnosed with Chrolinergic urticaria about a year ago, according to the doctors it happened for one of two reasons. A, my cat that I loved more than myself, and had to give her away for that reason which took a toll on me. B, that one time I tried Meth with a friend of mine, one night. Its a small shot but it could cause it. If you've no idea what the disease does, basically it creates hives all over my body every time my temperature rises. I live in a very hot country (United Arab Emirates) and it can get as hot as 50 degrees on a normal day. I stopped going to University, I stopped hanging out with all of my friends, haven't left the house in months now because of the heat. Being the only male in the house with 5 females (Mother and four sisters) I can no longer help them, with either driving or the heavy duty carrying as that would trigger the hives. The pain feels like a million stabs all at once and it hurts like fuck to the point where I can only curl on the floor and take it. I've tried several medications and UV light treatment but none of them helped. I can't take it anymore. I used to be able to get my mind off it by playing video games all the time but now it feels more like a chore, I play video games to not get attacked and I longer find joy even in my favorite games. I can barely sleep for more than three hours a day also because of it, as these random attacks occur while im sleeping and wake me up. Some nights the only way to sleep is to cry myself down. I can't take it anymore, I'm gaining weight, disease is getting worse, and my methods of cooling it down are starting to lose effect. I've never felt more dead inside and every day suicide feels like my only choice, I no longer want to live like this. This is my suicide note, this is what my family and friends will read after its done. I'm sorry to everyone I've hurt or will hurt but I'm doing this for myself. I blame no one, so please don't think that I wouldn't have killed myself if you've done something different. Thank you for taking the time reading this. Its 2:31 PM right now, I'll be gone by midnight. Goodbye.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cholinergic_urticaria