I need help moving forward  

I feel weird typing this, I’ve lived with phases of depression and anxiety since I was 11 when I first established an idea of how I could best kill myself. I’ve managed until tonight at the age of 22 under the idea that eventually I will die regardless, and my odds of finding some concept of happiness cannot be guaranteed in whatever state there is after death that our limited minds cannot reasonably conceptualize. 

This last year, and January more specifically has been difficult enough that for the first time in 3 years I have been considering it again. However with my understanding of the human body from the course I’ve been studying the last year, I do not believe I will fail if I try. I have considered seeking help from an organisation, but from the same course I also know the procedures and codes of professional standards relating to someone categorised as a high suicide risk. Without doubt in my mind I would be institutionalized, at the very least temporarily.

3 years ago I met a lovely lady, she is about 5 years older than I, at the time I was training to join the ADF, I marked in top 10% of all applicants, I was offered a pathway to all bar 1 job within the ADF, if I went back to highschool and completed a year 10 equivalency test, which I had never done throughout my years of homeschooling. I had also been working 35-40 hours a week between filming football and performing overnight/maintenance shifts at a Mcdonalds. Out of pride and arrogance I spited the idea of going back for a test that I had already proven myself competent of, and turned my back on entry to the ADF. The lovely lady I mentioned already comforted me and we started dating long distance. Early in the relationship she had stressed the idea of having family and being married before the age of 30, which I carried to heart until last month. After a year together, I used the money I’d been pocketing for the 2 years prior and moved across the country to live with her. After 6 months I hadn’t managed to find a job, was very nearly broke and had put back on 20 of the 30 kg I lost in the process of trying to join the ADF.

At this point I got a job at a factory, started working 40 hours a week, on a complete different sleeping schedule to my partner and no friends within 500km of me. Within a month I was coping with heavy alcohol usage which continued for the next 2 months, until just after I’d had my casual contract ended to bring in a new wave of overseas labour hire, who weren’t being paid the additional benefits that citizens were, within 2 weeks of losing that job my grandmother was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. At this point I reduced my drinking to a quarter, got a new job doing maintenance work again, began discussing with my partner ways I could get a qualification, while continuing to contribute financially. Things were looking good. We had a plan that involved my moving back across the country to begin studying nursing, which would also provide me some of the skills to help take care of my grandmother and take advantage of a government initiative which involved paying for my study fees completely.

Within 3 months my grandmother passed. Living with my family again, I had taken on a good chunk of the household management and listening/supporting while my mother talks of how she wishes she was dead and the weight she needs to lose and how she wants me to help do that. Coming forward to December, I had saved my last few paychecks from filming football, skipped meals, avoided luxuries so I could save enough money to fly to see my partner again. Every piece of university work I could do I had done, lecturers knew I would be away during the break and my partner and I had been discussing getting married, she’d asked if I would want her to take my name, talked about dates, best men and bridesmaids. The only detail that was missing was a proposal, so for this coming trip I planned to fill in that blank. I made plans to make a ring from the files and tools I’d restored from her grandfathers neglected workshop.

Within a week of the trip to visit her, without any mention of a proposal, she left me. Stating feels of anxiety about what she wanted and that I’d always felt more than her, that she didn’t know if she actually wanted a family anymore, I found out in this same trip that she’d joined a new gaming group, been made an admin for it, met half a dozen new guys within this group, all 3 months before my trip, having never mentioned it.

I’ve spent the last year trying to meet new people, classmates, new gaming groups, just as friends. Even tried some R4R posts and meetnewpeople reddit pages. With no result. Even offers to be invited to parties that I’ve accepted from classmates, the inviters either deflected me trying to get details after I’ve accepted or simply never got around to it.

And now I sit here, alone, broke, studying a course that I do not take satisfaction from, in a household where I have become emotionally depended upon. Slightly tipsy from having gone to a pub to try and meet new people after having read it as advice from a reddit page on meeting people, only to not have the courage, having spent the $25 I had set aside to buy a cricket ticket from my brother, on 2 fucking pints of guinness. I feel confused, betrayed, weak and a failure, with no clue how to interact with people anymore.

Apologies the post is so long, thank you for listening.