Have the plan just need the dateI finally understand what rock bottom is.   Although I’ve thought I’ve been there many times before I know for certain this time is actually it. I have an amazing support system of family and friends and this is why I can finally rest easy with my decision. There are so many people who love me and  have come to my aid during my time of crisis. If they can be there for me I know that they will have each other once I’m gone. Nothing takes away the guilt, regret, and heaviness inside despite everyone’s best efforts and how much they have been there for me in the last few weeks. I destroyed my marriage and family. My ex has told me multiple times that I should die and I know he’s right. I’m not doing this for him, it’s because I cannot keep stringing everyone else along. Trying to help me is draining and I’m done being selfish, by giving them fake smiles and false hope that I’m taking it day by day. I sit and nod and listen to their advice but I am an empty shell. My only thoughts are of finally setting my plan into action. I’ve been through so much trauma in my life but this divorce is the final breaking point. I destroyed lives and caused irreversible change and damage. There isn’t any hope for the future, he is never coming back and that emptiness is too profound to deal with. Ive drafted several letters to my ex explaining the reasons for finally being able to let go. I don’t want him to feel guilt for words that he said. I don’t want him to blame himself because of things he said to me and I don’t want people to put the blame on him either. This is no ones fault but my own. Ending my life is literally what’s best for everyone, it will put an end to the emptiness I feel and alleviate the burden on everyone else who is trying to help me.  I know it hurts them to see me so defeated and there is no coming back from this so by ending it at least they won’t have to use anymore emotional energy trying to fix what’s broken. Killing myself is concrete, they will cycle through the stages of grief and a day will come where there won’t be hurt anymore, just acceptance and the rest of their lives. 