I want a completely different life but I think the only way to get that is to hit the eject button on this oneI’ve been depressed since I was a kid. Kindergarten actually. My parents are both loud, ignorant and uncaring individuals. My mom is only out for herself and claims to “love her kids more than anything” so she looks like a good person. The only thing she’s ever truly been concerned with is money, yelling at my father and buying whatever clothes she wants from whatever store. My dad has been a coke head for my entire life and if you disagree with anything he says you’re automatically a piece of shit. Growing up with those two was fucking hell. Witnessed constant domestic violence (usually instigated by my mother and, my father, being strung out, would fight back sometimes) from about 10 until I was an older teen (maybe 18 or 19). Non fucking stop complaining, yelling and insults when there wasn’t a physical fight. My whole childhood was never ending stress. I’m 27 now and can’t get it together enough to finally move the fuck out. 

Anyway, now that I’m done with that, I’m just fucked. I have no one anymore. No friends, can’t rely on family whatsoever and my girlfriend of 2 years left me last Christmas. “I’m sorry you had a hard life but I have to go”. I don’t fucking blame her though. I’m garbage just like my parents are garbage. I couldn’t escape it. It was all I knew. Now I have nothing to show for anything. I need to just fucking die but I’m too much of a coward. I’ve always been a fucking coward. I’m so tired of everything. I just need SOMETHING to go my way. Just one time. That’s all I ever asked for. But when things look up they inevitably come crashing down harder than fucking ever before. It’s a cruel fucking existence and here I am still bitching about it at 27 fucking years old. I’ve tried so hard for so many fucking years and the dam is finally at its true breaking point. I’m going to either kill myself, go insane (if I haven’t already) or both. Please God, just give me SOMETHING good. Something I can hold onto. Just something.