I wished I did kill myself...It's been two months since my last attempt and it led me to a psych unit filled with no one I could relate to. Older men in their 40's-50's while me, alone, almost turning 21... Some of them told how to hack the system. Some told me how awesome heroin was great despite untreated wound on their arm. A hospital that was a joke and felt judgement instead of care. Group therapy that was shit and I barely saw a professional who truly cared. Only extremely old doctors who only stared at their computers typing away and reading off a script and standard questions. "Why are you depressed?"... Their hands shaking due to their age and hitting the keys one finger at a time... They had more important patients to deal with. The nurses looked at me like I'm insane... That I'm this horrible person... And I believe them. I was a bad person who shouldn't done what I did.

"Shame, guilt, regret, anger at myself, wishing things changed, wished I never did what I did, wished I never made a fool of myself, wished I was more accepting, grateful, a little bit smarter and happy..."

I called the police myself because I was scared of killing myself... "It was the right thing".. "It was the strongest thing you did" everyone said. I tell them back "It was a great thing I did, or I'd die!" and laugh to bring them comfort cause we all have this sick humor... It's been two months... why hasn't anything changed?... Why has everything felt more lonely? Why does it felt more isolating than ever?? 

I'm paranoid that my close friends are isolating me. Why... Am I a bad person? Is that it?? Why couldn't they just ask my perspective on something what I did... They're my close friends, they can ask me anything... I hate that I have pay someone to talk about what's going on... I just can't continue being like this as I only wish that I completed my attempt... It seems like every morning I wake up crying..... I don't want to be isolated...

I wished I had a time machine.
A machine that removed all these memories.
All I know in a different timeline is me being happy without all the regrettable shit I did.
Another universe were things are a little bit better for me.