Here from /r/depressionI've felt suicidal for over five months. I've attempted around four or so times, and have been cutting so much that after three months, none have had any time to heal. They got bigger, going from an inch to having 30, each deep as hell, and stretching across my entire leg. I've never felt so alone. Hotlines never work, family doesn't care, and my friends try their hardest. I've felt empty since June, when my girlfriend left me. She never explained, but I know it was me, even though she was the one person I've been fully committed to, without me even questioning once if I wanted to stop. She was my everything, and she's on my mind EVERY second of the day. She legitimately hates me, and refuses to talk to me, which I've respected for months. I would never want to bother her after everything I had to have done to her... but every day, every place, every experience just continues to remind me of her. Her lips, her voice, everything just haunts me. And of course, tomorrow just has to be what would've been our "one year anniversary" if things were still... existent... I can't go on like this. My mind doesn't even work anymore. It's just fucking ripped into two now. I have to deal with panic attacks and complete breakdowns on a daily basis in school, and of course my friends like to taunt me over everything. I don't know who'll even see this, if anyone, but keep going. Another common teen suicide, you won't find ANYTHING of interest here. If tomorrow goes as I expect, I won't be seeing any of the responses to this. Unless somehow my ex decides to confront me or something, I feel like this is it. I want to be free of this emotional torment. So, to prevent myself from ranting any further, goodnight, reddit. Goodnight to my friends, family, and to those who put up with my hell. "And I think I'll blow my brains Against the ceiling And as the fragments of my skull begin to fall Fall on your tongue like pixie dust" I'm hoping she can live her life to the fullest, she deserves it more than I.
