My Life Is A Lifetime MovieSo. This is long. Don’t forget to buckle in before reading this shit because it’s a fucking crazy ride. You could think of it like a short story I guess.

So of course if I’m on this, it can be assumed that I want to die.

I highly doubt I can explain all the reasons why I feel this way in a post. I’m really shit at summarizing but I can try. (Spoiler I failed at summarizing and gave a bunch of details) Idk why I’m even posting this on Reddit it’s not going to change anything I guess.

So I’ve had serious depression since I was 9 and I’m 18 now. Sadness is really all I know, I have no idea how to be without it, and I don’t think I can. I try like shit I try hard. But how can I be happy if I don’t even know what that looks like? That’s like being color blind and trying to describe the color blue. There’s nothing to reference to.

So my childhood was pretty abusive and chaotic but didn’t get really bad until I was 9 and my dad left for a bit, and my mom was really angry, bipolar like and stuff. 

I started at a new school and for some reason developed intense panic disorder and social anxiety. This wouldn’t have been too bad if I was more introverted, but I’m an extroverted so being alone so much essentially killed me.

I ended up really internalizing everything my mom did because I was already so stressed, and I just started hating myself a LOT. 

I started to get more and more sad and I was depressed and hated myself for being different from the other kids and getting anxious constantly. I felt really really worthless and I described it as feeling like an “alien”. I spent everyday ruminating about everything wrong and crying, and becoming physically exhausted and drained from having anxiety all day at school. All I knew for sure was that no one could understand or relate and that I was unable to explain what was happening. My grades dropped but my mom didn’t care because she would say she expects that from me.

At like 10/11 I started to get feelings of wanting to escape. And then I remember the first time I wanted to die. I had never heard of the word “suicide” and I didn’t really know what “depression” was since I was still a kid.

I became intensely creative and wrote comics and drew and stuff and would escape into my own world so I guess in those times I was somewhat happy. That got more developed as I got older and I started writing lots of stories, poems, songs and I would love escaping in my fantasy world where I could just create shit. I would completely zone into it and tune out reality. That was the only good part of my life. I considered it my “safe place”. No one could take that away from me..

In middle school I made some friends, was surrounded by lots of toxic people, you know basic middle school stuff. It felt like the end of the world at the time, I feel like the word “bullying” is so cringe now but that’s basically what it was. I mean people are shit in middle school you either get bullied or you do the bullying. But since I was already so depressed, it really hit me deep and just confirmed to me that “the world was against me”.

My anxiety started to fade as I started high school. I was angry at the world, as one is at 14/15. I had a “fuck all this shit” mentality and I started experimenting with drugs. I made some new friends and luckily they weren’t toxic, they were actually good people and I’m still close with some of them today.

But freshmen year I would just drink alone a lot, which looking back, was just stupid. Sophomore year I smoked weed with my best friend. I’d say sophomore year was the best year I’ve had, even though I was still my normal suicidal and depressed self that year. But my anxiety was lesser, I was having fun being a free spirit and doing impulsive teen shit and I had my super great best friend I hung out with almost daily, and I had some other good friends too. Yeah I had weekly breakdowns and like 2 suicide attempts, but that year was better than the others.

So... next is 11th grade. I used to think that 11th grade was the worst year of my life but no it wasn’t. 12th grade was worse because recovering from everything that happened in 11th grade was harder than actually going through it.

I think I would have to make a separate post explaining everything because the situation was so complex. But I’ll try to keep it simple.

But basically 11th grade was: new fun friend group, drinking all the time together, got in a physically abusive relationship, he had psychosis and schizophrenia which made it scary, a million bad traumatic memories that year. 

And then the end of 11th grade-summer: things escalated, I was trying hard to break up with him and he wasn’t taking it well, bad stuff happened... my friend convinced me to report him, went to the guidance counselor with my friend, ended up going to security and reporting him, they arrested him and he was in jail for 3 days, I lost my shit and was in a state of shock

Summer: he... hacked all my stuff. Remember how I mentioned I was a writer? He deleted every story I ever wrote, every song I ever wrote and recorded, wiped my phone, reported my phone “stolen” so I couldn’t use it and hacked my Apple ID so I couldn’t get it back, hacked and deleted all my social media, wiped and deleted all my pictures from the last couple years. I basically had nothing and yeah...

Remember how I said writing was my safe place and no one could take that away from me?

So I was upset........ a type of upset that can’t be explained with words so I won’t even try.

And then he was also stalking me and taking pictures of me and things like that. But I didn’t know at the time.

And I had started dating a new guy, yeah I was single for like 2 months first, but I just wasn’t heartbroken over my ex I was just disgusted by him so I didn’t really need time to “move on”.

The new guy was actually a good person but a girl from that new friend group was apparently secretly trying to sabotage it because she was angry at me for reporting my ex (also her friend). And so she told a bunch of lies and stuff happened and we broke up and I was... sad about that.... 

But everything I’ve written so far isn’t even what’s currently making me so upset to the point that I felt like I had to make a post here. Everything I’ve written so far is just the background info so you can at least try to imagine how fucked up I must be.

End of summer-12th grade: I reached out to talk to my ex. Even though there was some kind of restraining order that was put in place. But I was just kind of terrified of him and clearly that restraining order didn’t stop him from fucking hacking and stalking me. So I thought maybe if I could just talk to him it could fix stuff.

So we talked about everything and tried to sort shit out. At this point he told me he didn’t hack me and that it could’ve been some random hacker. He said he could get my data back though.

Eventually he admitted he did hack me. And he was able to get some of my data back, but not everything. I was able to use my Apple ID again.

A lot of his friends said I was in the wrong for reaching out to him but the thing is I didn’t have a choice. The last thing I wanted to do was talk to him again but I had to.

And then. Next thing you know.

Basically he liked me again, and we started some secret fucked up twisted type of thing.  It I was in denial that there even WAS a thing between us. He was so manipulative and when I was talking to him it made me unable to see reason and forget basic common sense. I HATED him for everything he did, but I was so alone and for some reason attached to him. But I was in really real denial that I felt any attachment towards my literal enemy.

We had a fucked up thing between us and I think this is what really actually broke me... and I’m to blame. I broke myself.

For like 4-5 months we’d just talk and fight and I would be a bitch to him and go off about how I was so angry at everything abusive and fucked up he ever did. I couldn’t stop obsessing over every bad thing that happened. Like I was constantly writing in the notes in my phone every single fucked up thing that happened that I was furious about. I ended up having like a couple hundred notes in total... just to put that in perspective... So yes I was toxic towards him too, I wasn’t a perfect innocent victim throughout this whole story that would be impossible. I was. So. Angry. Every second of every day I was thinking about everything and I cried so. Much. In every class at school, I would feel the urge to cry. I could essentially cry on demand because I always wanted to cry anyway. It was so. Bad.

I wanted to tell him off constantly, but at the same time I was ATTACHED but also in denial that I could even remotely LIKE him. My brain felt like it was deteriorating. I couldn’t see reason and I knew it. Nothing made sense I didn’t know what the truth about anything was. I didn’t understand my emotions I didn’t understand anything. All I knew was that I was so angry.

Part of the reason I was so angry was because of the lies he spread about me. Essentially he took everything he did to me and told people I did it to him. For example, one day when we were dating and I was drunk he beat the shit out of me. He told people that exact situation in reverse and said I beat him and shit when he was too drunk to stand. And he systematically did this with about 30 more lies he’d tell.

And he was way more “popular” than me and I was just infuriated that he could lie and basically take the events on how he traumatized me and pretend that he was the traumatized one. 

This sickened me, and this is what sparked me to start obsessing over all the bad shit. I was so angry that I had no control over anything that was happening it was just like how I felt while dating him. 

I felt like I just HAD to prove my point even though it was all useless.

So back to what I was saying, yes I was talking to him again even though I hated him... a literal twisted story it felt like I was the star of some fucked up lifetime movie. “Dating my stalker!!” 

So eventually... more stuff happened... and I don’t want to write it, but basically it broke me and I ended up in the hospital for a suicide attempt. And that was back in December of last year.

And now it’s been a really long time. 

And I’ve changed so much. I started compartmentalizing all my emotions and feeling “nothing” often. I went 2 months without a single breakdown and that’s my longest record ever. 

But now for the last couple weeks I’ve started feeling things again. And I’m feeling the emotion I suppressed. The thing that made me want to kill myself a year ago. And I completely blocked it out and pushed it down. And now I’m feeling it again. It’s so bad that I can’t even write it. 

And now, for the first time in like 6 months I’m crying everyday again. And I tried to talk to my friend about it but I got the impression that she didn’t care or something so I stopped. My other close friends are away at college and I’ve been unable to talk to them so I just feel like I have no one. I’m onlydoing community college because I mean, after the year I had, duh.

I’ve kinda been like isolating myself and upset that I was alone at first but now I just don’t want to be around anyone. And I just have no motivation for shit. I don’t want to do anything, I don’t want to think anything I don’t want to be anything. I don’t want to exist I don’t want to be real. Existence is all a fucking illusion anyway how can any of this even be real... I just want to die. And I know I’ve wanted to die since I was 9 so you can take my claim with a grain of salt. But I just wish I didn’t have to wish I could be dead. 

If I could just die a quick painless thing of natural causes, so that my family didn’t have to suffer thinking I killed myself, and I wouldn’t have to get any “punishment” in the after life for suicide. That would be freaking ideal.

If my story sounds hopeless as fuck that’s because it is. But it is what it is. 

If you actually read all of this I can’t believe that but thanks for actually reading all of this, I appreciate it.. sorry I’m so fucked up lol 

I think I left out about 80% of the details in everything I just wrote. It would be exhausting to actually write everything that happened. 

But yeah.

I do hope I can be happy one day. Even if I don’t know what that’s like right now.. Writing this out actually made me feel better I wasn’t expecting it to. Weird.