Finally gut my courage up to write here...I'm anorexic. I've been anorexic for almost a decade... until I got better. I lost so many friends to this destructive, soul-eating disease... but one day I managed to somehow get up and start taking care of myself... I started dating an awesome girl and really fell in love head over heels. Then I relapsed. I want to vent, but even writing about how we met and how I lied to her hurts too much. I was confused and my eating disorder was coming back so hard and fast that I couldn't handle it. I asked reddit what to do back then ( [the reason I even started my account](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/xw4ee/im_a_male_anorexic_and_have_been_keeping_it_a/) ). At the end I chose the cowards way out and I didn't tell her. I left her, told her I didn't have feelings for her anymore and that I didn't want to see her again. I tried to overdose the same night but failed. Just woke up the next day covered in vomit. 

It took me soo long and so much courage to attempt that one time and I was so disappointed when I woke up again, that I have been too afraid to try again. But I've come close. I'm still trying to work up the courage. And if a final suicide attempt won't kill me, then my eating disorder will sooner or later. My weight is lower than it has been my whole life. I've been admitted involuntary to hospitals at higher weights than what I weight now, which is why I haven't told or seen anybody in weeks now. I'm just waiting for this to be over.

I miss her every day. And I've broken off all possible contact to anyone related to her. I hope she will never find out what happened. Because I know, if she finds out she will blame herself and I don't want that. She has suffered so much already. I can't. I just can't let that happen. I never should have dated her in the first place. And the fear that she might find out about my suicide and about my eating disorder is the only thing that has actually motivated me to eat something from time to time. But I'm sick of it now. I just want it to be over. My energy is almost non existant. I already had to make 7 breaks while writing this because I get dizzy if I sit up too long. My bones hurt all the time now. And for two days now I've had really sharp pains in my chest. I haven't eaten in 4 days straight. I just want this to be fucking over!! I'm too much of a coward to shoot myself, so if my eating disorder doesn't kill me anytime soon I want to take pills. Which actually fits... For a decade now I've been told: "Only girls get eating disorders. Men don't get eating disorders." And now I can't even get myself together to shoot myself like I should. 

I just wish I would have done so a long time ago. And even NOW I still hope I won't have to do it myself and that my heart just stops beating before I get the courage to take the pills. I really hope the sharp pain in my chest is my heart. It HAS to be. I've had problems with my heart before. I pray to god that it's finally giving up. I know I'm a coward for hoping that, but I really can't take it anymore. I'm just gonna die a coward. It's not gonna come as a surprise to anyone anyway.

**Edit: Sorry, I felt really dizzy and had to take a nap. But I'm going to answer all of you now, promised.**