Maybe death is the fastest way out.Throwaway for obvious reasons

I've been raised by abusive parents who make me feel like shit, berating me for any small thing that I've done wrong. Bringing up past mistakes like a fucking scrapbook, it feels like such a horrible and unhealthy lifestyle that I would willingly leave if I had a small chance. Standing ominously around me like vultures, I've been the subject of verbal abuse for 8 years and physical abuse in the first 4. But as a 19-yo, I just don't feel anymore compassion for my parents. I haven't been that great academically, but I've been picking up the pace and starting to work towards a better future; however, nothing seems to change the perception of me. They just view me as this waste of space and money, money they could be spending on better stuff than their own son. And I just don't want this to last. I've been contemplating suicide for about 8 years now. I don't understand how to live anymore. I always thought I was the good child, doing the small things that no one took note of but were grateful for. I just cant live in the same household with my parents. It might end up being me or them at some point.

"You'll never amount to anything in your fucking life. You can't even keep your shit together."

"I don't understand what hes aiming to be."

"You lazy fuck. Only playing games, never studying, slacking off. Why even waste money going to a school?"

***I just want to help people, and I've always wanted to be a doctor.***

"You want to become A FUCKING DOCTOR?! Yeah right. Just quit school, and go work. You would then be useful in the slightest."

Huh, funny that I'm studying to become a doctor, an occupation that saves lives, yet I can't save myself. Funny how irony works in this world.

Tonight is the night that I've cracked and decided to act upon my wishes ever since middle school. I had written a long facebook post about how I was going to end myself. The only people that truly came to support me were my middle school classmates. I've had a better family in school than hoe for most of my life. So to set an ultimatum, by the end of this year, if nothing changes, I'm just going to take my father's firearm, and shoot myself in the head with it. Because it's better to not live than being drowned alive. Of course I've been thinking long and hard about whether I should go through with it, but it just seems that my dead husk might as well be a saving grace in the eye of my parents. And it seems that I'll either become stronger through this, or leave this world forever. I have friends, some would maybe go out of their way to help someone. I'm afraid of what damage I could cause by leaving them so suddenly. My brother, the person I love and envy the most, has never gone through what I've gone through. He doesn't get berated nor abused as the baby of the family. And I just take the blunt of the blows like some punching bag. But even punching bags break. I don't really know what I'm after from this post. Maybe a bit of solace and empathy through other people going through the same experiences, or to also edge myself just that much closer to a blissful kiss of death. I guess I'm also looking for a reason to live; to defy the odds and win this war of attrition against them. I don't want your pity; I want a reason to smile and laugh some more under the ruins of a wall that my parents have ravaged. I'm sorry for the wordiness; it just seems so much more empathetic and real, writing an image from words. But hey, thanks for reading. Reddit is a pretty cool place, and I've come many times back here to find solace from the real pain that leaps with my every step. Goodbye. This may be the last chapter that I will ever come across. 

&amp;#x200B;