I just want to end it, but I don't want my family to suffer.Tl:dr I want to commit suicide, my life is falling apart but I'm afraid people around me will suffer from my decision.

I'm 25, some people might say I'm too young to suffer like this, and that probably I still have a lot more to live and experience. I don't want you to read this and think that my goal is to draw attention or receive motivational messages from you. I'm just here to share my story, which for some of you might be not that hard, but it surely had an impact on me, since i'm here asking for help and thinking of committing suicide. My life was kind of perfect until around 5 years ago; at that point things started to crumble.. my family and I discovered that my father cheated on my mum with other women and even had a son with one of them. He did some illegal shit and was sentenced to house arrest for one year; moreover, in order to pay the debts that he created, the bank decided to foreclose my mum's salary. This created lots of tensions in our house, my mother was forced to live with him because he didn't have enough money to find a place for himself and she had to pay his debts (and still has). Even if I understand that everything he did was wrong, I can't say he was a bad father to my sister and I, so it is really difficult to accept this reality. He was later diagnosed with larynx cancer and he fortunately made it through, even though he basically lost the ability to speak. Nonetheless, I was still hopeful for my family's future, I was studying at university, so I spent most of my time away from home, I was surrounded by friends and I had met the love of my life. Few months ago everything changed, once more: I finished my courses and was forced to get back home. My sister moved away, she is now living with her boyfriend and I'm happy that she doesn't have to experience this. Moreover, my girlfriend left me and most of my friends now have found their own girlfriends so I meet up with them rarely. Every day I wake up wanting to die, I want to leave but I don't have any money, I'm trying to focus on finishing my exams and graduate. My parents don't talk to each other and I am at home almost every single day, having to deal with all of these stupid issues that just make me want to cry all day. I don't want to die, I don't like the idea of it and I know for sure my family would suffer so much from it. But I just want everything to end, I feel lonely and I am ashamed to tell something so private to people I don't even know just to get emotional support.