I don't know what to doFrom time to time I feel extremely down and in general I have no clue how to fix it. Everytime I feel like it, it feels like it's the worst I've felt yet. I'm a Dutch, caucasian male, 19 years old, dropped out of college after the first year because I didn't feel I could handle it. I now work 5 days a week since the start of this gap year, as I feel like saving up money is the only thing I can do right now. Other than playing games to pass the time I work or do chores, even when it is not needed. Lately it's becoming more tiring. I've a history of self-harm, mental instability, low self-esteem and your average school-drama. Nowadays, I relieve my need to self-harm by reopening any wounds I can find on my body, including on my face, shoulders, chest and my back.
Aside from feeling like there's no one and nothing waiting for me, relieving myself from these 'episodes' of negativity is growing harder and harder every time, I feel like. I've attempted a suicide once, on a whim, on my way back from a friend's, by trying to drop down on a railway I was walking past, just as a tram passed by, but I was pulled away and then escorted home by two adult Turkish men. This was less than half a year ago.
Me and my parents have a come-and-go relationship, as we don't talk much unless out of politeness or necessity. Also, money is an issue, and a reason why I have never undergone therapy, although I think most therapists are money-suckers, which means that I mostlikely wouldn't undergo therapy by free will anyway.
I do have a couple of people I could call friend, but lately, again, they've clearly shown to want distance between themselves and me. To sum it up: I work too much for my body to handle, my friends are leaving, my episodes are getting more severe, I have nothing for myself, no help, barely a family and no clue what to do next. I'm not saying I'm planning a suicide, but I didn't plan anything the first time either.
I cant shake this feeling of pointlessness? What should I even do? 