Probably gonna overdose within the next week, here's why.What's the actual point in living, we are all gonna die anyway. 

Here's a story of my life. Straight to the point/sort of. 

I tried to drown myself (at the beach) when I was 10 maybe younger, can't remember exact age but real young. 

I wanted it to look like a accident so that my brother didn't "win" (he use to pull my hair, give me chinese burns, punch me, give me wedgies, call me names. just all round bully me really) 
this lasted till I was like 16, from age 7 or something. Idk exact ages, but young. (He's 10 years older btw) 
So let's say I was 8 he was 18. 

actually I remember it started when he'd come from school so thinking about it now, I would've been 6 (he left school in year 10.)  so yeah I'm 6 he's 16.

Anyway 
my first memories are him pulling my hair slamming my head into the table and giving me chinese burns.
it's sorta fucked. 
Somehow
The Chinese burns at the time were the worst  thing though. It doesn't sound bad but Holy fuck back then. It felt like sticking my arm into an open fire. 
And they'd last an ETERNITY.
I'd bawl my eyes out, yell at him to stop, 
But he'd just keep going until he let all his anger out on me. 
Eventually I got use to the pain though 
So he decided to try get to me other ways. 

(moved on to belittling me instead)
He'd say that I'd never become anything. 
That I was a mistake. (legitmately was) 
saying I'll never amount to anything. 
"that I suck" and that I should. 
"just give up"
I literally thought his goal was to make me kill myself. 
And he really made me want too. 
And as you know, I tried. 

But 

I didn't want him to feel like he had "won" if I did. 
So that's why I wanted it to seem like an accident. 

Anyway,
because I had to deal with this at home.
It fckd with my head,
I was constantly paranoid. 
If he came into the room and no one else was in the room, 
I'd start having a panic attack. 

It got pretty bad. (obviously cause tried to kms.)
But yeah before the attempt. 
I tried to run away from home multiple times 
At like 4am at fkn 8 years old. 

Not only was my brother making me hate home
to add on top of this. my parents were constantly fighting. 
Constantly saying they were going to divorce 
But what do you know because they're Christian they
Can't divorce. Fkn retards. 
Not even for the sake of your kids. 

Plus my dad would constantly hit my siblings, (not me because I was too young.)
But I saw it all. 
And that fucked me up too. 

Don't say talk to friends/have none and can't even be fucked talking to people irl anyway. 

Obviously don't say family.

And Don't so it'll get better, motherfucker im balding, already ugly asf. And because of childhood Neglect imma lose all my teeth by 25.

tell me what is the actual point? 
Because I don't see one.