I really did try but I quit.Yeah I quit, lost my chance at a job that I would have liked the last bit of hope I had, so once again I have nothing to keep the thoughts off and now they have taken over and all I see is a future of sitting in a room trying to get a job, whilst having thoughts to kill myself, hurt myself and hate myself and each application, interview and rejection will push me further. So forget it my time is up and I quit. Having that job could of saved me even if I was going to be alone forever at least I was doing something worth while.

This time I know that I will finally end it, I have been overdosing the past few days and it's done nothing, so best to try with something else. No one can help and I did try by going to the doctors but I was too uncomfortable to talk properly so I was given some beta blockers and a few sleeping tablets. I haven't been diagnosed with anything but the guy was talking about anxiety more than anything which I wouldn't say I had, not to the degree I have seen in other people.

Some of my family found out about some stuff and basically threatened me to go to the doctors or else "I will call someone to come down", I managed to calm them down but there is nothing they can do to help anyway. I really did try to get better but I can't do it anymore and they will be a lot better off without me. Everything is shit there is no need for me to be here and I am sick of sitting in this room so when everyone is gone tomorrow it's time to go.

I have a friend who has been helping me to try get through everything but it's not fair to talk to her about this, I really care about her so deeply that people was asking what's wrong when I thought something had happened to her, I worry about her all the time and I would hate to lose her but I knew that this was going to happen and that I would feel like this if I lost that job, if she reads this and somehow figures out its me, just know there was nothing you could of done to stop this and you are my most favourite person and I hope you stay happy. I also enjoyed talking to you about everything we did. I know I said I wouldn't leave you but you don't need me and I refuse to bring you down as well its just I am too far gone and the last bit of hope is gone and I know you give me hope but you can't keep putting up with me anymore it's not fair and I am very sure you will do even better without me. If I knew what love felt like then I would say that you probably showed it to me. I suppose that means that I must love you as well.

To anyone else who might read this that I know, it's no ones fault at all, I have had this for a very long time and unfortunately there is no way to stop it, don't be upset it is the best thing for me and I will have some peace of some kind and there is no risk of dragging everyone down with me. None of you need me, it will be a lot better without me.

To the people still trying to do good, carry on maybe you will succeed where I failed.
