Lost my job, the closest thing I've had to a girlfriend and my last shred of confidence...For the last few months I've been out of work on disability for depression which I've struggled with for the past 15 years (I spent a year and a half of high school in an outpatient program at a hospital, residential treatment centers, laundry lists of psychotropics...).  Last Thursday I had another meeting with my psychiatrist to finish the paperwork to extend my disability (already a month late) with a little assignment she had given me.  Because she had taken a month to complete the paperwork, my office sent a letter stating that if the disability claim wasn't worked out or if I didn't return to work by last Friday, I would be terminated.  So, when I show this letter to my doc, she tells me I should just go back to work and that she wouldn't sign anything else affirming my inability to function on the job.  

I went straight from the doc to a female friend's house who had just moved to the city a week before.  I had fallen in love with her in high school but then she started dating my best friend.  I held my tongue as long as I could but finally just had to tell her how I felt, making all of my friends think I was trying stab her boyfriend in the back.  So I was shunned by the bunch of them for a good year or so until the bf left the country.  However, throughout all of this I kept in touch with  the girl with whom I exchanged emails fairly regularly.  This was about seven years ago.  

We go get a bite to eat and when we get back to her place she's all over me, the most affection I've ever been fortunate to receive.  We keep out pants on, but that's about it.  I go home feeling on top of the world.  She has some obligations the next day, so I spend the time deep cleaning my apt, finally doing something productive.  The following day, we spend the whole day together, capped off with even heavier petting and repetitive proclamations of love from both of us (her first...).  

The next day, last Sunday, we were to see a concept together that we'd both been excited about for weeks and which she couldn't stop talking about.  About an hr before I went to pick her up, she sends a text saying she got strep throat and couldn't speak... I was a little suspicious, given the hours we spent in each others mouths the night before, but whatever, just wanted to do what I could to help her feel better.  No response, no response, no response.... must just be sleeping it off.

Finally, Monday night at around 11pm, after I'd flown to my parents' for the holidays, I get a text saying "I want to be blunt, I have no romantic feelings for you."  It was like I got the wind knocked out of me before I'd even taken my first breath...  She defriended me on face book, and hasn't responded to anything since.  What hurts/scares me the most is that this just makes me doubt even more my ability to understand people which has always been excruciatingly difficult.  

I don't have a job, I don't have any friends I can talk to in my city, have an incredible difficulty speaking to those elsewhere, and those that I'm closest to are in the process of kicking heroin...   Every girl/woman I've ever been interested in has either completely blown me off or led me on for months/years (multiple "I love yous," always conditional.  Either just over a breakup and "need some time" or "just not in *that* way).  And every time just hurts more...

It's been 15 years of people saying it will get better, and it will momentarily, but every time I fall, I fall farther and harder.  And after going through the psychology/psychiatry circuit for so long I've haven't heard anything new in a long fucking time...  Not to mention that the therapist I bonded most with and helped shape my view of the world, who I saw for 10 years, had a breakdown himself and no one (knew his friends/family by the end) has heard from in a few years.  He was last seen being released from the psych ward.  And the psychiatrist I bonded most with (4 years) had a breakdown too and stopped practicing.  

I've become more and more closed off from new therapists, always downplaying suicidal thoughts because I don't want to committed, and if I really do want to die I don't want them stopping me.  Even when I do open up I just get the same things I've heard for fucking years...  

The thought of hurting my family which has been so supportive my whole life is the only thing that has prevented me, but even that is meaning less to me as the days go by...

I don't really know why I'm posting here... 

tl;dr: 15 years of depression, forever alone, lost job, teased with a relationship, shunned, no local friends, out-of-town friends have their own issues namely heroin....
