I can't leave him with my share of rent.I'm tired. I've always been tired, but I think I'm finally reaching my limit. I know that I'll ride the limit as long as I have to, but I always have the thought in the back of my mind that maybe I am capable of going past it even though I feel like I can hold out just a little bit longer.

It feels like the only thing holding me back nowadays is the idea of leaving my other half with my share of rent. We're still on a lease for 7 more months, that's a lot of money they don't have. Our parents (mine included, they have all the love in the world for them) would likely be able to help out until the lease is up, but I can't just off myself and also leave them with my share of rent because that "likely" wasn't a for sure yes.

I dream of walking out of work, which would definitely help with what's overwhelming me, but what if I can't find work right away? Still leaving them with my share of rent. It just feels so unfair to be so miserable and in such a dark, toxic place while I struggle to better myself though. So do I leave them with rent, but set them free to find something and someone who is actually going to move them forward in life? Or do I hold out and slowly wear them out when they deserve so, so, so much more than I am anywhere near able to provide just to make sure they can afford rent?

I know there's love, there's support, there's everything positive provided by my other half and I hate knowing I'm this dark cloud that they're accepting as if it's not eating away at them day by day. I know they're tired, I know they're fighting off the realization that I'm not what they thought I was, I know that they're justifying my dark demons to remain positive about the situation. They deserve more. I want them to have more.

I don't know what to do, but I want to do the right thing. I'll never be able to make up for all the stresses and toxic moods I've had, so I want to do whatever is best for them here.

I'm always trying to be better, but I'm not doing well and I think I'm almost done.