If my report card isn't straight As, I'm killing myself.I'm currently a high school senior (17f). I'm enrolled I'm basic classes required for graduation, a math course, and two extracurriculars, which are AP Art and Photography. 

I've been doing well with the other classes except for my art course. I haven't turned in my final project for the semester due to complete lack of motivation. My teacher, who obviously is annoyed with me at this point, and who tried her hardest to squeeze me into her class, will likely drop me. And I understand that.

I don't know if this is depression. I've been depressed in the past with 2 other suicide attempts. It probably is but I don't like self-diagnosing. Nothing in life excites me anymore. Art, my only hobby and the only thing that made me happy, it's gone. I cant even draw right anymore. Everyone else's art is gorgeous compared to mine, and gains recognition. So I just ditched my art altogether. 

My parents have wished they'd aborted me and I do too. They only seem to care about money and my grades. They don't believe in mental disorders or mental illness or therapy or medication. 

My GPA is so low that I cant even apply for the community college I'd like to attend before my university.. Which my GPA is far too low for, too. It's 2.5.. or lower right now, probably. 

If I do not get straight As this semester my GPA will not budge enough for my college qualifications. I know I already failed, so why bother making this post? For the attention I am starved of? I'm fucking too sensitive and pathetic and stupid for this cruel world.

I'm not fit for Earth. I'm sorry I'm not good enough and that I'm a burden. I'm so sorry... To no one else but my parents, since I have no friends. 

Why can't I be born on another planet? Maybe I'd be accepted on Mars, or Jupiter. Perhaps even Saturn. But not Earth.

I'll have to take the extra painful way out, I think. No guns in sight. I'll probably try to OD or run into the thick woods near my house and freeze to death. At least the coyotes that live here will be able to feed their young in this cold month.