Can't find any reasons not to kms1. Since childhood, I grew up with literally no friends. I had one that lived right next to me, but he moved out at an extremely early point in my life, which hurts me to this day. (His name was Jeremy )
Everyday, I'd go to school, and dread every single day. I'd have to awkwardly force myself into conversations, and becoming friends with people who didn't even give a fuck about me. I was always an outlier. So much to the point where I grew befriending almost all the teachers (if they didn't secretly find me annoying as fuck), compared to any of the actual kids. While every other kid grew up obsessed with WWE, Raw, and all that other crap, I grew up watching cartoons on Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon, and Wizards of Waverly Place on Disney Channel among other shows . When I turned eight, or nine, I finally got my first computer, and I was so excited to the point where I threw up out of pure joy in front of everyone (at least,  I think I almost did because there was someone in the bathroom) I can't remember. Anyways, I'd spend day and night on my computer, playing video games, watching Youtube, and trying to gain knowledge. Frequently, my cousins would come over, use my computer all day whilst they took care of me, then leave late at night. Whenever I wasn't on the internet, I'd be on my PS2, rarely playing my Gameboy Color (b/c I only had one Mario game), or watching television  all day like usual. Anyways, fast forward to middle school when things turned upside down. Around 2012, my grandmother passed away in my country (Dominican Republic) and ever since then, I sense that things have drastically changed in my family, especially my mother. On top of dealing with the grief, I was also going through puberty at the time, along with a fuck ton of sexual frustration. I remember I spent all of sixth grade, crying and begging my parents not to let me go to school. I'd try to fake being sick (which doesn't work 99% with Dominican parents), or just anything I can do just to miss school. The main reason I dreaded school so much was because this ugly obnoxious black girl named Faridah or some shit like that use to bully me, and taunt me, on the daily. I remember all the kids just watching, and laughing along with all the bullshit she spewed through her mouth. She made fun of my high pitched voice (which it still is to this day at 18), constantly called me a cry-baby, and made fun of the gap I had in my teeth (which makes her a huge hypocrite because she had a huge gap in her teeth too.) Anyways, the only person I'd manage to befriend during sixth grade was this girl named Rebecca. {I'd be lying if I said she was my first girl crush, because my first was this girl in Elementary school but we never talked, and she would always dismiss me so it's whatever} Anyways, I found myself in a weird place, between having a crush on her, and trying to befriend her. Eventually, since gossip spreads like wildfire, everyone found out that I liked her, leaving me to get more humiliation on the daily. 
This is but one part of my shitty love life. I have way more to say, but I feel numb typing this, and I have to eat dinner now. (Hope I don't get killed at the table)
