Completely Alone, Wanting to DieI have no friends. Well, to be technical, I do have friends but they never have the time for me (they're both doctors, one lives on the other side of the country and the other lives in my city but never has time to hang out). I say "both" because realistically they are the only real friends I have. Everyone else is basically an acquaintance. I'm a gamer but none of my gaming friends ever log on anymore. Even video games, my old safe zone, have become useless and empty. I am truly alone in this world. Oh, what's that? Just go out and make new friends? Yeah, because 30 y/o men have a REALLY EASY time at making new friends.

I am 29 years old and essentially a colossal failure. Depression has completely ravaged my life. It forced me to drop out of college, only to return years later to lamely struggle for a fucking bachelor's degree. All my high school and college "friends" have all gotten their Masters' and PhD's and here I am still struggling like a complete loser for a degree I should have gotten eight years ago. I used to be an A student but depression took that away too. I can't concentrate and I'm a terrible procrastinator. Now I'm a C student. I have no career prospects. I used to want to be a teacher or something but right now I don't have any plans for what I want to do. 

I am fat and ugly and the only female attention I can get is from strippers. Money seems to be the only thing of worth on my body. Ten years of medication has only dulled the pain and softened the voices in my head. I still hear them. Every single goddamn day they tell me to end it, to just kill myself. I've tried 14 times in the past, but like everything about myself I even failed at the one thing that can cure this. I've officially abandoned all hope for things to get better. Literally the only thing I want right now is a loaded gun, and I can't even get one of those because, amazingly, some gun laws actually work. For the wrong people, I guess. I've gotten to the point where I actually fantasize about it. Just one flick of my finger and all of my problems are gone. All the pain is gone. It sounds almost orgasmic at this point. 

I don't know why I'm telling all of you this. I've come to accept the reality that nobody actually cares about me. If they do it's purely for selfish reasons. I've contemplated running away for a week now. I want to get addicted to heroin or something because literally any other ailment than depression would be preferable. Marijuana doesn't have the kick it used to have, or maybe I smoke too much and the tolerance is extreme. Xanax tastes like shit. The point is, I'm about one strand of sanity away from ending it. In the past the thought about how much pain it would cause my family was an effective deterrent but I don't really care anymore. The parents got two normal children out of three, so they shouldn't be upset at the loss of the one insane child. I know I'm a colossal burden. Sometimes I wish somebody would just take me away to a ward, where I can peacefully fade out of existence and just die alone, completely forgotten. Because I'll tell you what: I don't wish this disease on anybody, not even Donald Trump. If I can limit the number of people exposed to this thing, then that might be the one and only good thing I can achieve in this world.

Forget about me, let me go, and let me die.