1 year and 2 months have passed since i told my family and my friends that i tried to kill myselfso yeah to me its a lot of time and i couldnt have ever imagine making this far. i remember how hard it was talking about it. but it was a great start to have another shot at life. the first few months was really hard but my family were really supportive on this whole situation. so eventually i finished a short course which then helped me getting a job. i was determined to make money to start university and build up a career. well yeah i had some really rough days but being close to my family and to my friends helped me a lot and i changed. while working i wasnt thinking about suicide or planning suicide instead i was trying real hard to prove myself that im good at my job. i really wanted to prove that im still worthy. and like this how can i say i occupy myself i occupy my suicidal thoughts and i can focus more on my job. funny thing is that i was anxious when i had days off because i was afraid that im going to think about suicide again. well it did happened sometimes to be honest. but im a persistent and strong personel. so i was kind of doing okay. lets say a lot better than before. im grateful to my family and friends forever. but things started going downhill pretty soon. i carefully planned a lot of things like the university, the dorm, even my friends are helping me with studies so i can apply for the university i want to go to. and somehow i fuck up just everything. i just came to realise that if you are suicidal you always will be suicidal. no matter how i tried how hard i tried i fought for everything i still manage to fail. now i dont know what am i doing wrong and i begin to despair. if i keep failing like this im so afraid that i will fall back where i used to be in 1 year and 2 months ago. im so afraid. im getting sadder and sadder day by day. i really needed to just write this down as i dont feel like to talk about this with my family and friends. because they did a lot for me and in the end im just a failure and i dont want to hurt them. thank you if you read the whole text it means a lot to me. and i apologise for my bad english. take care