My Experience in the ERThis is my story from 9pm Friday night to 7:30am Saturday morning...

(times are approximate due to not having access to my phone, but my wife was with me and had her watch on)

9pm - I present to the ER with active suicidal thoughts (everything that led up to this is beyond the scope of this snapshot right now)

9:05pm - I'm taken to a cold, sterile ER room. There's a single hospital bed, no other furniture. The window is blacked out. The TV is in a huge metal box. The light is harsh, white/yellow. Tile is cracked and peeling. A nurse wheels in a portable laptop desk and starts collecting vitals and asking standard questions.

9:15pm - I see the ER physician for the first time. He asks a nearly identical slate of questions, and my frustration is evident due to the repetition.

9:25pm - I'm told I need to give blood, urine, and change my clothes. I didn't want to change my clothes. My apprehension grows.

9:45pm - Again, I'm told I need to change clothes. I resist. They give me reasons that aren't good enough for me. I want control over something, anything. I want to feel like I'm in charge of my own destiny. They aren't giving me a choice. We are at a stand-off.

10pm - Doctor is back. Again, ordered to change clothes. I decide this is a mistake, I wish I hadn't come. I want to go home. Doctor coldly informs me... "It's too late for that." He backs out of the room and two local police officers walk in. I know one of them well.

10:20pm - The clothes stand off continues. Despite having not changed, an orderly comes in and takes my blood. He's a very nice man, and I happily cooperate with him. I also give a urine sample. It takes 10 minutes. Still wearing my own clothes, which gives me hope we might get past this.

10:40pm - Officers still there. I learn there's a court order that says I can't leave. I mouth to my wife, "I'm in jail now." I feel the officers are wasting their time. I offer to them, "If I change clothes, can you guys get back to work?" I feel bad that they are having to be there. One goes and offers my deal to the attending.

10:45pm - Deal is accepted. Officers leave and I change clothes. Three people in the room as I do it. I am angry, humiliated, hurt. Those clothes were the last bit of dignity I had. I had fully transformed from patient to prisoner. I regret going to the ER.

11:30pm - Blood and urine tests are back. I ask if they are normal. They are. I should be connected via tele-health to a mental health professional "any minute."

2:45am - Despite multiple assurances that I'm next in the queue, it takes over three hours before I am assessed via tele-health. At this point I'm no longer agitated, I'm just tired and I want to go home. The professional is in Florida. He has a good manner about him and we have a good talk.

3:30am - Telehealth decides that hospitalization is not in my best interest, and he assures my wife and I that I will be on my way home soon. My heart relaxes.

3:45am - The nurse asks me if I understand what is happening. Both my wife and I affirm that I'll be heading home. The nurse looks puzzled, and asks if I know what "Crisis Stabilization" is. The professional used this phrase. I say, "I'm not sure exactly, but he said I can go home." She hesitates and says, "Not exactly," and goes to get the doctor. My anxiety ramps back up.

4:30am - Telehealth is talking with ER doctor and nurse. I hear none of it. ER doctor returns and my wife assures him that telehealth says I should go home. ER doctor says, "That's not going to happen." I'm in jail. There's a misunderstanding between health care professionals about what "Crisis Stabilization" is. Apparently it means two different things in Iowa and Florida. I wanted to talk to telehealth again. I'm told I can't. Doctor says they both agree that I need to be sent to a facility many miles away. The person is on their way there to evaluate me. I feel betrayed and confused. I went to the ER because I needed to be in a safe place to let my mind calm down and to be evaluated. Both things happened. I wasn't suicidal anymore at that moment, but I was angry, frustrated, tired, and going to the ER was the worst mistake I've ever made.

5:15am - I'm resigned to the reality that I'm in custody. I lean back with my wife and we both close our eyes. She's in the bed, I'm in an uncomfortable recliner. I have nothing left to give. Unexpectedly, ER doctor comes back and says he contacted my ARNP who is my primary mental health provider. I'm grateful to talk to her. I feel some hope.

5:45am - ARNP arrives. She asks the nurse to leave and shuts the door. For the first time, I feel safe and cared for. We talk. She listens. She's amazing. She knows me and has been with me during this entire week-long spiral down.

6:45am - We had a great talk. We are on the same page. I feel understood and validated. She assures me that she'll get me discharged. Home is the best place for me. I coyly ask if she'll stay until I'm walking out the door. I've already been told once that I could go home only to be denied. She smiles and says, "It'll be okay. Call my office if you have any more troubles, and I'll come right back if I have to."

7am - My wife leaves to check on our dog. She tells me not to let them take me away. I wryly ask if she wants me to put up a fight. She thinks, smiles, and says, okay, maybe you should behave. ER doctor comes in. I don't trust him. He tells me my discharge papers are being drafted and I'll be heading home soon. I still have anger towards him, but I take some breaths, shake his hand, and thank him for calling my ARNP. I really needed her then. For the first time, I notice I'm alone in the room. I deduce that I'm not under watch anymore.

7:15am - Wife still not back yet. I'm nervous. Shift change has happened, so a new nurse comes in. A fresh face, a fresh start. She smiles and says good morning. I feel safe. I hope my wife comes back soon.

7:20am - She brings me my clothes. Finally! I'm allowed to go into the bathroom to change. It was a small thing, but the privacy made me feel human again.

7:30am - I come out of the bathroom, and wife is in the room. She sighs with relief because she didn't know where I was. I jokingly ask if she thought I made a run for it. We smile and walk out the emergency door together.

So we go home. Lots of kisses from dog. We settle on the couch and fall asleep. I wake up at about an hour ago and start writing this. Right now, my emotions are drifting between thankfulness for being home with who I love, equal parts anxiousness and eagerness for needing to work tomorrow, and shame and embarrassment over what has happened. I still regret going to the ER. I was in prison. I lost my free will. I felt like it was my fault that I was in that situation. I'm still exploring these thoughts, but more than anything, I'm grateful to be home. 
I'm fine right now, but I'm not better. I have a lot of work to do still, and I don't know if I'll ever be safe from these thoughts, but one thing I know is I don't ever want to end up where I was overnight. Feel free to ask any questions if you want. I feel like I reached a new level of trust with my ARNP tonight, and I have a renewed hope for my treatment moving forward.