I can't shake the feeling something is very deeply wrong in my core and that I am not supposed to be hereI said about a month ago I was going to wait to see family this weekend before I killed myself, maybe in hopes that being around people who care and participating in some normal activities might change my mind. It hasn't thus far, I somehow feel worse today.

My mental disorders make it impossible to feel any sort of comfort or stability. I feel completely separate and different from other people. I feel constantly overwhelmed by aspects of life that just seem normal or to be expected. I have no sense of self and feel little to no fulfillment or purpose, just emptiness. I feel endlessly confused by my relationships with other people and their actions and my perception of whether when conflicts arise I am justified in feeling the way that I do or if I just imagined the entire thing and am the reason for the problem. Most people I know say that I have a good job and take care of myself and thus am doing "well" but I live in this practically constant state of intense dread and doubt and self hatred. People see my minor material accomplishments and not the debilitating inner turmoil I endure daily. I've slipped further into insanity as this year drags on, of course compounded by current events. I started therapy again almost a couple months ago because I was getting scared and wanted to do something but it is so far as unhelpful as all my other past therapy experiences. I've talked through my traumatic childhood and the repetitive retraumatization in my adulthood thoroughly and know why I am like this. I have tried many meds in the past and none of them worked or made me worse in different ways and I am afraid to try more and become even more dysfunctional ultimately getting fired and losing my health insurance anyway.

I just don't want to find out more. I don't want to struggle to rebuild to watch everything fall apart again and see that I am no better and that any of my perceived progress was a mirage. It just seems I am miserably irreparable and not meant to be here and I just want to fucking end it.