I'm convincing myself not to follow through with it but I'm losing the battle each dayI'm in a constant struggle with my depression and anxiety after it being in control for so long.   I have thought about hanging myself and cutting myself or inducing a seizure by my injecting myself with my insulin (diabetes) 

When I was wee (Sorry I'm scottish, so I use these terms and stuff) I was adopted by amazing parents but my sister left me and my birth Mum when she had me neglected me and this caused me to have a lot of problems later in life with abandonment to the point where I will feel like it's my fault that they would leave me and just not care to look after me or to stay by my side. My two sister send me death threats from time to time and one has seen me in the street before and tried to attack me with 2 others when I was just trying to get home. 

my girlfriend and I was properly in love with her and it hurt when she broke up with me but she had promised me that she wouldn't leave me because I had opened up about some serious depression and anxiety I was struggling with and I was getting better. She moved away to another country for University and she broke up with me because she decided that it was too much for her to go out with me and have Uni, I understood this but it still put me through so much hurt.   I tried to move on and we t on a few dates with someone but in my head I was still for some reason stuck on my ex and I broke it off with the girl I was seeing because of it (I didn't want to risk hurting her in the future by having these constant feelings for my ex and decided to try and deal with them)     And then when she found out I was seeing someone after she was saying I should move on    she was distraught and it was obvious she was resenting me.   Then she started seeing someone, after explicitly saying that going out with someone while being at Uni is too much. 

Is there something wrong with me ?      I can't stop thinking about it and I haven't slept for days now.   I think it's my curse that everyone will leave me and just end up pushing me to the side.