My friend is obsessed with his exOK I (20F) have a friend (20M) that has so much issues and I just don't know what to do anymore. I'm just going to explain his story because I'm just out of options and maybe someone can help me with this.

So this friend, lets call him Rick, has had a really rough year with his mom dying and a boyfriend (yeah he gay) that cheated while they we're 'on a break'. Rachel and Ross kind of shit. Rick also stopt school because he was so devastated about his mom, which led to him having to leave a studenthome, so he also does not have a home right now. He's staying with me because his whole family sucks and his dad's also a selfish dickhead. The dad, Rick and the ex had a conversation about what happend between them and how it's going to be after. (I don't really know how to explain properly sorry I'm Dutch) While the conversation starting to get heated because my friend felt really misunderstood and depressed about the whole situation, led him to slam the table and break his own f\*cking hand.

So the situation is my friend, that now has a broken hand, no job, no boyfriend, no mom, no school, and no home.

I still think this ex is a dick for cheating on him, when his mom just f\*cking past away for like a month and all of the other circumstances. I have to say that they we're on a break, but he also found out that the ex talked to him (the other guy) for over a month while they (Rick and his ex) were still dating.

Rick still cries over him everyday and really misses him because he was the only good thing he had when his mom died. Every time I come home from work and ask how he's doing, and it's always: 'No I hate my life". He's really depressed to a point that I don't even know what to say anymore. My friend texted the ex everyday which led on the ex blocking my friend on everything (every social media account). I already told Rick a million times that the ex is a dick and that he does not deserve all the attention he's getting right now. But my friend doesn't care and is REALLY obsessed with his ex. He sent flowers, candles and yet he doesn't get any response. The ex only says that he want's to be left alone.

I already tried talking to Rick about that he really has to calm down on this and have to respect the decision of the ex about that he (clearly) want's to be left alone. He has to focus on himself and fix the situation. I have to be really careful talking to my friend because he's really depressed and I seriously don't know if he might kill himself if I'm being too harsh. I'm one of the only friends he has left because Rick is a bit of a difficult person to deal with and I don't want him to think that I'm not on his side anymore and no one understands him.

I told him to talk to a psychiatrist and he went to one meeting. He said that it was OK but not really convinced.

The only thing he's talking about is his ex, he doesn't care about his own life but does care about his vanity, HE BUYS A LOT OF STUFF, everyday I come home he bought something else, which his grandma provides, because he himself does not have a job.

I'm really starting to feel a bit irritated because he won't listed to me, he won't look for a job and he's living with me since the end of November, takes all the money from his grandma he can get and the only thing he does all day is talking about his ex, buying unnecessary shit and smoking weed. (I live in Amsterdam.) I have a small apartment with one bedroom and he's staying on the couch. I don't feel like I have privacy anymore and I already tried talking to him about him leaving but he seriously does not have another place to go (I tried calling friends and family of him, but everyone has an excuse). I just don't know what to do anymore. I feel like I'm the only person left to help him but he sucks all the energy out of me. I tried making a plan with him, but he doesn't care and doesn't do the things I tell him to do (find a job, that kind of stuff). But I feel like if I just leave him alone that he might feel no ones with him or worst, that he might kill himself.

Does anyone have any tips maybe... I feel like this is a bit of a stretch because I already asked friends and everyone says things like: If he doesn't want te be helped, there is nothing you can do. But maybe someone knows something I can do.. Idk.. I'm just a bit desperate I guess and I really do care about Rick.

Sorry for my English BTW.