DyingIm scared, because i've always thought about ending it for so long now, since college infact. I use to be afraid of doing it or always thought haw sad my parents would be since they work abroad and i had to grow up with relatives who were great but nothing really came up when i think of reasons why i want to live. Since my mother died a few years back and n9w i've had this really strong urge to do it. I dont feel fear anymore, i feel like ot could be the easiest step to take. Like a light at the end of the tunnel. 

I've always felt like i had no direction, like i have no dreams, i have wants but not dreams, nothing that really motivated me long term. Whatever it was i ended up doing from academics to culinary arts to farming i've even worked for an at&amp;t callcenter i did good in those. I was never bad, sometimes great but alway good. Although i've never been happy doing any of these i did it cause it was what was expected of you. To do something. To work. To earn a living. There were times where i was happy made new friends. But none understood and i always kept them at a distance i could always walk away from family and friends for years on end and meet up like nothing happend. All this time i always had the thought of killing myself.

I have a girlfriend that was with me through all this the one thing in my life i felt i needed. She cheated on me multiple times. I would ALWAYS BEG HER TO STAY cause i needed it. She always said i was lazy, had no direction no future nothing. All of these true ofcourse. I felt it too, i wanted to change but it would be so hard. I wanted to be better. To find happines to know what really makes me happy. But nothing. She keeps telling me how useless i am and i agree. She is cheating on me again and lying and i still look away. Im afraid that if i confront her she would leave and i dont know of i can handle that. I feel like the only way i can find rest is by doing it. 
Im writing this to see if anyone else feels the same. To share the fear the hurt confusion and all the feeling i feel now. To have one true connection through pain and understanding. To know im not alone. That someone out there feels usless too. Before i say goodbye to the world.