Dissonance.When your behavior and actions are in direct contradiction with your personal code of ethics, despite every intention otherwise-- yet undeniably intentional at the same time. Cognitive dissonance: inexplicable and at its finest.

No, I'm not an addict. No, I'm not depressed. No, I'm not mentally unstable.

Although I am technically autistic. Asperger's Syndrome counts, I guess, and it's gotten me entirely too many free passes.

At 22 years old, I have attempted starvation once and running away twice. Each time I have been stopped or stopped myself, received psychological treatment, and was cleared shortly afterward with extremely positive remarks and letters from the psychiatrists vouching for me. 

I have never worked a day in my life, having been raised to focus exclusively on school.

I should have graduated college by now. It's the equivalent of Ivy League for art schools, unforgivingly expensive and only possible for me with multiple scholarships and 2 loan cosigners-- my father and retired grandmother. If anything happens to me or I fail, they foot the bill on my massive student debt after having already gone through hell and back to pay as much for me as possible.

My past 3 incidents have all been in the wake of academic crisis, not putting in the work for enormous projects, panicking, still avoiding the work with "I'll get around to it in a minute". Minutes go by, then hours, then days, weeks. Deadlines pass, I'm given accommodations to turn assignments in late, and I bail. Over and over. I can't recall the last academic quarter where I did not have some crisis towards the end where I either dropped the course or had professors bend over backwards to let me pass.

Yet time and again, the administration extends the grace to me to allow me to continue another quarter with these accommodations 

My chosen career path is notorious for strict, grueling, hard deadlines. I have proven time and again that I am not fit for this industry. If the only times I can succeed are through bending the rules in my favor, then I would be an unviable hire; this industry is also intensely competitive to begin with.

And yet, somehow, that cold reality doesn't light a fire in me to rise up to the challenge. If I don't have the willpower, then I certainly don't deserve the inordinate amount of help I've been receiving.

This quarter would be different, I was certain. Except I lacked the determination I told myself I had, and fell into apathy as the quarter progressed. It's not time mismanagement, it's not an unreasonable workload, it's anxiety converted into laziness.

This quarter was my final chance. I fail this time, I'm out for good. As it should be. But now deadlines were yesterday, I'm skipping class to work on them without having even started in the hopes that the professors will accept them late, and still not starting. 

If (when) I fail again, I'll drop out for good. I have nothing else to fall back on, I'll be stuck bumming out on my parents and working at Publix trying to help them make a dent in my student loans.

I'm also a closet gay, and they're conservative bible belt Christians. After I accepted it, I had planned after graduation to move to a faraway city where I could finally enter the dating scene without them ever having to find out, as it would *break* them nearly as badly as if I had actually killed myself.

So I'll have to deal with that, on top of the **crushing shame** of failing college after everyone in my family and the school's administration gave arms and legs to pave my way to success. After having built up all my life as being "the smart one", voted in high school for "most likely to succeed", "bright", "gifted", I'm spitting in the face of everyone who ever believed in me-- which has been literally everyone in my life, not a single soul has ever doubted me as far as I can remember. What an incredibly rare privilege for someone who wasn't born into money, something so many people would kill for, and I've squandered it.

And the cherry on top is, of course, the couple hundred thousand dollars in student debt I've racked up which will ensure that I am stuck at home mooching off my parents indefinitely. I have no marketable skills other than my art, which is subpar and I am otherwise unfit for the industry.

I can't live like that. I can't face that reality, I deserve all of it and more but I can't face my retribution.

I've seen firsthand already, 3 separate times, how my family would be devastated in the event of my suicide. If I would be willing to trade that for my escape from my justice, after witnessing it myself 3 times, then what I really deserve is for them disown and toss me out on the streets to slowly and painfully succumb to the elements and hunger and thirst.

But they love me too much. More than I deserve, too much for their own good.

But if I'm gone, then they're stuck with all of the debt.

But if I stay, then I'll live only to desire an end to it all.

I don't know what to do.

I'm sitting in front of my work right now, 4.5 hours before my next class where I can face one of my professors with the work from a project I've still yet to start and the deadline was Monday.

I want nothing more than to drown myself in sleeping pills, or drink a cocktail of my cleaning supplies. The only thing keeping me from rushing out of my seat in a panic lately during classes is ignoring the lectures to focus on these images, over and over. It's practically become a form of meditation to keep myself calm, in spite of the sheer irrationality.

However, I know how resilient the human body is in regards to chemicals, of how much pain there would be waiting for the final moments. There is no such thing as a perfect suicide, as all the conceivable methods are either slow and unreliable or painful and unreliable. Even bullets, buildings, and blades have their survivors and unexpectedly drawn out deaths. Electrocution, as well.

I know all this, but it doesn't help. Typing this all out has been cathartic, but it accomplishes nothing. 4 hours left to work, there's too much for me to possibly finish in time for this unofficial 2nd deadline I've given myself.

I'm drowning in a glass of water, which I've poured myself. All I have to do is stand up, but instead I lie down.

I don't deserve help. But what do I do?

Except I know what to do, but I don't?

Cognitive dissonance is a powerful thing.