I just realized I'm probably emotionally abusing my wife. After all the issues that make my life miserable, that's the last push I needed to finally seriously consider suicide for the first time.Sorry, I really don't know where to start, so the beginning of my story might seem pretty stupid and out of place. But still, I just want to start somewhere or else I will just decide to never write this post I should already have written years ago:

&amp;#x200B;

I just had a mental break down. You know what's funny about it? It started with me trying to build a fucking ikea bedframe. Here in Germany, it's 35°C right now and I'm pretty sensitive to heat, so while sitting there for five hours, trying to make sense of one of these diabolic assembly manuals and putting together heavy wooden planks, it might be understandable to get somewhat irritated. But not to the extent I did. 

The more mistakes I made and every time I had to redo some steps, I got more and more angry until my rage was utterly insane. And I'm not trying to exeggerate here. It was insane. I screamed, punched the wall until my knuckles were bleeding, bit myself, punched myself several times hard in the face and slammed my head against the wall, all while crying tears of rage for a full 2 or 3 hours. It ended with one heavy piece of wood falling to the ground, tearing apart some of the other materials and breaking loose some screws in the wood - only because fucking shitface me made a mistake - resulting in me getting even more angry, cutting my foot on a sharp edge by accident, getting even more enraged and hammering so hard against one of the planks, that it broke and probably all of my effort as well as a huge amount of money went to waste.

As I said, pretty random story, but I wanted to mention it, so you get a picture of my emotional stability. After that, I finally managed to quit and went to the bathroom to quite literally cool off, taking an ice cold bath. I don't know exactly why, but that's when I started to think about all the shit that is going on in my life ... 

&amp;#x200B;

Man, this is really hard. To be honest, just in this moment, while writing this, I thought about deleting everything I already wrote and just fuck off again. Why? Because who in the world will even take me serious now? Who will believe me that I'm really suicidal and not only an angsty little drama queen, after I just wrote a "funny" short story about my anger issues instead of complaining how misereable my life is? I can't blame anyone for thinking like this, but this exactly is one of my worst problems:  Nobody takes my emotional struggle seriously. Well, at least nobody who could help me. 

It's the same, when I am going to psychiatrists or therapists: They just don't believe me. I'm just unable to show them how I really feel. I can't come in there crying. I can't SHOW people my pain. There's just something in me that doesn't let me. Even one hour ago, when I was crying heavly, even hyperventilating, it was no option to just call the psychiatrists in order to finally show her how distressed I get, when alone. If I would have called, my voice would instantly have normalized and my tears would have ceased as soon as I had to talk to another person. For this reason, I probably come off as a completely normal, quite happy dude who just has some minor problems like everybody does.

And yes, objectively speaking, I have a good life. I have a wonderful wife I love, I have friends who I can trust, I have dreams and ambitions, I'm working in an executive position in the industry I always wanted to work, I earn enough money, I live in a beautiful place, I am safe, I am healthy and actually I shouldn't be complaining. And still, I don't even want to live most of the times.

I have severe depressions, crippling anxiety, ADHD and I suspect I might also have a minor case of OCD. While of course, my ADHD was always there and I also was a pretty bad overthinker all of my life, the true nature of my anxiety only showed three years ago and was shortly followed by depression. 

I don't know why it started, but my best guess is the immense stress I put on myself during work. I'm just to exhausted to do any kind of work. Not physically, but mentally, as it drains of my energy. It doesn't even matter what kind of work it is. When I have to work for another person, I lose all of my motivation and get even more depressed to the point of being suicidal all the time after only a few weeks. If I work as a freelancer, my anxiety plagues me with existential dread all the time so I can't enjoy a single moment of my life. 

Right now, I'm working as a Chief Editor for a German magazine which was acutally my absolute dream job. So, this problem should have been solved, as now I have a fun occupation as well as a stable income and the freedom of choosing to work where and when I want as long as I get shit done, rght?. Nope, I'm still a nervous ball of stress because I'm just unable to work under pressure and get distracted all the time because of my ADHS - resulting in me working ALL the fucking time in order to make up for the lost time, leaving no space for myself, my wife or my friends, and getting burnt out. It might sound really stupid, lazy or mundane to you. I totally get that. But I have the feeling work is killing me. I feel so trapped in a miserable life because I am unable to function a normal productive member of society. Every kind of work leaves me unable to enjoy life and concentrate on anything other besides working itself.

For me personally, the worst about all of this is the strain is puts on my marriage. I love my wife more than everything in the world. To be precise, she is the only person I ever deeply cared about. Of course, I found it strange, that I never was able to love my family or my friends like other people seem to do, and I guess that's the reason, that all my life I was driven by a intense desire to finally find love.

And when I finally did, it was the beginning of the happiest time of my life. But keep in mind that I never was infatuated. I wasn't "in love", I just got to know here and over time I developed a deep connection, a feeling of real love. The first time in my life I was able to care for another person, while beforehand even the deaths of family members, even the ones I kinda liked, never could touch me in the slightest. 

But of course, my brain is a massive dick and had to ruin this for me again. After some time, I got exteremely bad relationship anxiety. Instead of using my energy to think of fun, romantic and adventerous new date activities I could do with my wife or to think of every possible way to make her happy, I started ruminating and doubting every single aspect of my relationship. After half a year of crushing doubt about "Do you even love her?", my brain decided that this method didn't work good enought to make me miserable and replaced it with the much worse "Do you even love her?" which stayed with me till this day. 

This constant rumination put a massive strain on our love. Now, I get irritated by every little thing. She didn't quite understood a joke I made? Didn't get a reference? Made a not so clever remark? Doesn't like one of the songs I like? Forgets something I asked her? BAM, instantly doubting my entire relationship and being scared shitless that maybe we aren't compatible and that it might have been a mistake to get married.  Beinung under the influence of all these bad emotions and fears for almost two years now, I get annoyed with her all the time and started treating her how she doesn't deserve it. 

Please mind, I don't hit her or anything like this. Also one day ago, I would have probably denied it, if anyone said that I was emotionally abusing her - even though I think, deep down, I was already afraid of this possibility - but after my break down today and after thinking about all my failings in life, I started to look up the definiton of emotional abuse and now I'm quite sure, I'm a massive worthless filth bag. I'm pretty sure I'm making her feel bad about herself regarding certain issues like her being not creative enough or not talkactive enough for example, by making her feel guilty, when I have a especially depressed day and she messed anything up or giving her the silent treatment sometimes among other things. 

The only excuse I can muster for this shit behaviour is the fact that I'm so overwhelmed by own mental issues, that I always apologize afterwards. But yeah, I know that this is NOT an excuse. And I know that she doesn't deserve this treatment. The worst is, she doesn't even realize she is being emotionally abused. She never complains about my behaviours, but instead gives me all her love and understanding and is generally the nicest, most loving person I ever met in my entire life. Every time I suggested the idea (but as I said, it was only a thought back then) that I am emotionally abusing her, she denied it. 

As I wrote in the title, this realization was the last push that I needed to finally seriously consider suicide. I'm just tired now. There are so many problems, most of them persisting for years already and only getting worse instead of better. I try to find solutions to my problems all the time, but for the most impotant ones I miserably fail to do so, and with time, they only get more. Even before my realization I was already at my wit's end, but now there's only one massive issue more for which I don't have any certain solution and for which every attempt will require a massive amount of addition work. 

I am willing to do the work. I am willing to improve. But there is so much to do at the same time that I can't just bear it anymore. At this point, I think it might be the best solution to break up with my wife, even though I love her so much and even though the mere thought about it while writting this makes me tear up, and let her go, as she doesn't deserve deserve this treatment and I'm pretty sure I won't be able to fix it too soon. But if I really do, I will have nothing left to live and I guess I would end my life pretty soon after it. But maybe it's for the best, as even if I won't do anything of that, noone of us will be truly happy.

&amp;#x200B;
Sorry for all of my rambeling and thank you for reading.