My ex died by suicide and now I'm having suicidal thoughtsI (26M) was in a long term relationship with my ex (31F) for 5 years (age 20 to 25). We had been been broken up for 1 year but still remained in some sort of contact for the year. Even after we broke up, I was still in love with this woman and vice versa. We broke up because I couldn't handle her financial spending habits and horrible financial situation so I did not see any long-term future due to fights. I still loved this woman.  


I've always been very antisocial and this woman was my life in terms of social stuff. I don't have many close friends who I feel I can really be my true self with or interact with.  


1 month ago, my ex shot herself. I can't help but feel responsible because I could have been there for her and prevented it but I couldn't. I wish I could've kept her alive. For the past 3 months my parents have been going through the separation and divorce process too. My family has always been important to me and people I have always talked to/been comfortable talking to.   


It just feels like I am losing everything and everyone socially. I moved away far away from my family 2 years ago (6 hour flight) so the very few friends I did have are all far away from me too. I've been thinking about how lonely I am and how I am slowly losing everything. I've just been laying in bed and barely eating for the past 2 days. I didn't go to work today (Monday) and will probably be calling in sick all week. I feel like just hanging myself or killing myself because it seems like everything that I love and that matters to me is being taken away from me.  


I've been incredibly selfish my entire life. This is not something I am saying but even my ex used to say that our lives always revolved around mine. My parents have said that I'm a selfish person too. It's just all fucking with me mentally right now because I feel like if I hadn't been so selfish and I had listened to her signals or cries for help, I would still have her today. If I hadn't left my family 2 years ago, maybe I could have helped mediate their marriage so they weren't going through separation.   


Sorry if this is all over the post and seems like more of a rant. I'm just losing it mentally right now and feel like my head is being pounded with a hammer.