My depression is getting out of hand i don't matter to myself and i feel like i don't matter if nothing wrong with backing away from family who talks crap and stuff when all i needed is supportSister: You know if you go back to Gary mom wont be able to come save u when he hits u again and stops u from leaving the house and using ur phone in public.

Me: I am always isolating myself from people and everything is the best I can do.  
I can not eat and sleep anymore.

Sister: And the police wont help you either because they have it documented already that mom came and took you home. Thats why u not ever going to meet friends or a nice guy u gotta go walking. 

Me: I can not make no down payments on a house in North Carolina is where I want to move. I got not good walking shootings and stuff. I don’t want to be around groups, crowds and gangster thug boys who shoots people for no reason like they did a guy I went to school with who got shot and died. 

Sister: Ashley that happens everywhere even in arkansas. Just cuz people shoot dont mean u will get shot. 

Me: That is why I don’t exist and I have no friends in North Carolina but everywhere else got a change of scenery. 

Sister: Ashley u dont need to leave mom what if she dies.

Me: I am going back to him if I can not move to North Carolina and there is a McDonald’s in North Carolina but he is the only one I been talking to anyways and been with for 3 years. 

Sister: Mom cant move she just got her a house. If mom finds you a room for rent in Augusta will you go but you will have to pay your own rent. 

Me: I always go back to him when I can’t move and I don’t like my stepdad and I am not paying my own rent and expect me to go broke I only want to pay $50 but I want to move to North Carolina so if I don’t leave I am going off on my stepdad and cutting myself with a razor which I did cut myself with a razor when I was living with him in Arkansas.

Sister: Okay if you want to get beat on just so you can keep your money then that's on you you're not my sister anymore if you leave Mom. 

Me: I need family who support me no matter what that is why I am leaving I don’t need friends and he is right.

Sister: No hes brain washing u because he knows ur going to listen. And wont no other girl be stupid enough to move with him.

Me: He said he doesn’t want anybody else but me and won’t move on is why he make other accounts everytime I blocked him is why he keeps harassing me is why he sent that video to me on my Facebook.

Sister: You have no family in north Carolina or arkansas so what makes u think nobody wont kill you there where its no one to protect you. Girl dont listen to that bullshit. When u leave a man and go back to him he going to treat u even worse.

Me: He said could he video call me so me and him can talk about this stuff always my stuff he didn’t send and I been with him 3 years and said he brung me down there to start a family it’s in my videos. 

Sister: U can't live nowhere for free so u gone keep gettiing treated like shit. 

Me: If I have no way to move out of Georgia and into North Carolina and I refuse to hang out with people in Georgia anyways but not for that reason. I can’t convince my mom to move and everywhere else had a change of scenery after high school except me.

Sister: If u leave mom she gonna end up homeless because she wont be able to pay all the bills that u done ran up. 

Me: If anyone ask to hang out I will say I am busy because nobody has a car plus she don’t want me traveling and going to event alone so the wrestlers will die and retire but I be busy and don’t have time to hang out.

Sister: So what ashley u cant always get ur way especially if u dont wanna help mom with more than 50 fucking dollars.

Me: That is why I am going back to him and that is all I want to pay if I can not move to North Carolina.

Sister: U cant always have ur way and if mom tells the social security office u not in georgia u wont be getting a check no more and u will always be broke. So u stay in Georgia or ur check will be cut off.

Me: I can move where I want and still have my check well I am going to keep talking to him. Me and him never broke up

Sister: Ok ima call the social security office think u gone leave my mom in debt.

Me: I don’t have to be here in Georgia if I don’t want to I am old enough to do what I want and live where I want is why my boyfriend is the only person I have in my life because he refuse me to be with someone else because he said he don’t want anybody else and is not moving on.

Sister: He been fucking another girl since u been gone girl u so stupid. Believe those lies u aint my sister fuck u.

Me: No he is not I check his Facebook all the time and he checks mine. 

Sister: U gone stress mom out to the point where she dies. What do facebook have anything to do with a woman coming to his house. 

Me: She can not take me to travel and his mom can because he said he doesn’t want anybody else and I believe him.

Sister: He dont have to contact nobody on facebook he has a phone. 

Me: He only has my number and his mom I wish people will believe me is why I get mad real easy.

Sister: U dont know what numbers he has in his phone u havent been there in months. U can meet people anywhere not just facebook. U can meet people at church the store walmart walking down the street anywhere.

Me: He never let me be friends with guys anyways because they want to be more than friends but then ask for nudes is why he said that is stupid when I am with him but me and him are still together since February 26th, 2016 and I don’t want to go to church I don’t like crowds and being around people and one night I went to church I didn’t want to talk out loud I am not that kind of person. People will not want to be my friend because I am slow and my hands shake and people would judge me make me go off on them and have a mental breakdown I am not good at anything or good enough and I never will be.

Sister: You haven't even gave it enough time for people to come back around you Ashley you are already trying to run back to him so they're not going to talk to you for real now.

Me: Especially when she called me and my mom names, I don’t trust her and that is not a true friend and their is no apologies when someone talks bad about me and my mom.