I want to be dead.I'm stuck.

I'm not really good at expressing my emotions, I've always been told not to show negative emotions by my parents, I've had behavioral problems stemming mostly from bullying throughout elementary school. I've had suicidal feelings since about grade 1 or 2, I found it easy to talk to people but for some reason people kept putting me down harshly. I tried telling my parents about my problems but all they did was tell me to not cry or get upset, they only got my psychiatric help once I started acting out severly in public. I've made a few attempts at suicide when I was younger (mostly trying to strangle myself with blankets.) When I entered highschool I've learnt to just supress most emotions but that leads to me just pouring out that bottled up emotion when the situation came to feel that way but it always felt fake.

I always feel like my emotions are just foul mimicries of real emotion. I always feel so distant to people when I interact with them. It's painful. It's especially bad with my parents. They make me do activites I don't want to do and when it's a social activity my dad always insists on coaching and he's tougher on me than other kids to make them think that he's not giving me special treatment. My immediate family loves to tease me and tell embarrassing stories even when I'm obviously unhappy or tell themit makes me uncomfortable. They single me out and they only pick on me.

Not so recently my feelings have started getting worse, I can no longer supress myself when I'm alone. It all comes out and I feel awful. 

I told my parents that I've started feeling depressed again and I just wanted to see a psychiatrist. My dad bringing me along to these public dealing with puberty things that relate to kids feeling sad but he started telling people outright that I've been having these horrible "feelings" and making me do these programs which really didn't help. He started insisting that I wasn't letting it work, I eventually lied and told him it worked. I talked to my mom about it and she said I'm mostly exaggerating cause I have no reason to be sad, she brought up her relationship with her parents and her school life and then told me to my face I don't have it as bad as others so I don't have any problems, which reinforced another problem I'm having.

 I see people with worse lives than me and I feel like I'm just faking it for attention. I feel horrible.

My parents never seemed satisfied with anything I do, they always encourage me to do better without giving any or much praise for difficult things I've accomplished so I gave up on trying since I'll never satisfy anyone's expectations. My parents do really nice stuff for me sometimes, they got me a gaming setup recently and pay for a lot of stuff I want so I feel horrible when I talk about the problems I have with them and they like to hover over me, giving me not too much privacy and getting upset when they find out about the things I say. They've always said things to me like that I've never loved them before and I can't tell if I love them or not.

My parents aren't the only bad experiences I've had with adults either, my elementary used to punish me for getting bullied because it was easier and they even suspended me a few times for the same reason. I was sent to summer camps and one of them made a calender system for me to rate my behaviour, my grandma had recently died at that point and I had the funeral the weekend before so I didn't want to do anything, they told me to not make excuses and gave me "bad day." They banned me from the camp after a trip to a jungle gym place where two teenage girls pushed me down one of those elastic spider web tower things and I hurt myself and got upset, that they told me I was in the wrong for telling on them cause they're girls.

I feel like I'm doing everything wrong and that the longer I live the more I upset and hurt people, I want it to end so badly, I can't even tell if people are lying to not feel guilty about me dying or if they're genuinely concerned. What am I doing wrong? Why can't I just make anyone happy, I want to kill myself so badly but I can never do it. I'm breaking. I'm not even sure if posting this is okay or just selfish.