It didn't get better.I still miss him. I know so many people love to shit on their exes (And in my case it isn't even really an ex) but goddamnit, it felt like my life was only going uphill until it just....wasn't. 

  
People would keep telling me that time healed all wounds, that it'd eventually get better and that I'd get over it and forget about him but no, it just kept eating away at me. I've lost all motivation to take care of myself besides "Wake up before 5PM to go to the animal shelter to help out, you lazy fuck". I don't see any point in all this shit anymore, I was only hurting myself from all this upkeep (Mother of god, the knee bruises after workouts. I could barely walk up stairs for the better half of a week) and for what? I'd just find a way to fuck it up down the road and have it all mean nothing. Sure, I'm not entitled to anything but it'd be nice to know that for once, I made a semblance of progress. Even if all went well with my newly found life (Which won't happen for dozens of reasons), so what? The climate is going to absolute shit anyhow. My future and especially my theoretical children's futures mean diddly squat against the foreseeable environmental apocalypse. 

&amp;#x200B;

I still think about him. I don't like to sleep anymore because when I do, I have about a 50/50 chance of getting a weird dream. What happens is that I'll be somewhere pleasant and all my friends will be there. Current ones, of course but also dead ones or friends I've fallen out with. It feels so good to interact with them as if they're still here and be out at this pleasant place having a party....until you wake up. You realize that you're still in your pathetic existence waking up to your abusive mother drunkenly babbling about some random shit, her voice instinctively sounding like nails on a chalkboard while you just lay there in your bed, unable to move and you....just start crying. I'm not a sensitive man, I find it hard to cry but seeing his face again alongside all my other past friends really gets to me. It's a feeling worse than death as you lay there in misery, crying your eyeballs out every other day and paralyzed besides the tears rolling down your face. It's like I'm chained to the bed, I can't move for hours on end, sometimes for up to 6-8 hours even though I'm already running off 6 hours or less of sleep (I haven't slept a full 10 hours since January 11th, 2018. Wonder why....). But yet you still have to get up and face the day, your family won't believe you when you say that you need mental help, your friends will just tell you that it gets better and the internet will think that you're a lunatic. Before you ask, I've tried apologizing and he told me to leave him alone as he can't deal with my issues, which I understand. I miss him but he doesn't miss me, I'll respect that even if it continues to eat away at me. 

&amp;#x200B;

I keep saying to myself that I'll kill myself once I finish my bucket list but that's a hollow fucking excuse because I'll just keep adding more shit onto it. I just need to man up and do it already considering that it's only a matter of time before everything at home falls in on itself (I keep worrying that Dad will get injured given how worn down he is from decades of physical labor and mom being the drunk she is won't work a day past that and will force me to work to pay her medical bills while she verbally berates me day in and day out so long as Dad isn't watching) and I completely fucked up my escape plan. I just need to find a quick method, get a few major things done and get this shit over it.