I'm starting to feel suicidal again this year and I really need therapyThis pandemic and school semester have really pushed me into an unstable mental state and I'm constantly scared I'm close to falling apart and collapsing entirely. I'm an architecture major so my constant studio presentation deadlines have me working for 14 hours every day with really minimal time to take breaks or take care of myself properly. This extends into all my weekends and holidays. It's become so hard to stop myself from breaking down and it's become even harder to find time to spend with family or friends. My boyfriend has been going through a lot of issues with the pandemic and school as well and I can slowly feel myself become more and more unable to support him properly since I'm struggling so much myself. Its breaking my heart to see my personal love life (and family life too) strain under the tension of my struggles. I used to be pretty suicidal in high school and I'm feeling those thoughts creep back into me the more this hard year goes on.  

I'm scared because I can't do anything to immediately help either my boyfriend or myself. I'm terrified something's going to snap and I'm going to lose him or myself. I want to be happy so badly but it's becoming more and more grim each day and I dont know how many more 14 hour work days I can handle before my body shuts down. 

I desperately need therapy. I need professional guidance on how to cope with my stress and how to properly support my boyfriend in a way that doesn't hurt my own emotional state. I've always been scared of therapy because my parents raised me in a very strict mentality of thinking its taboo (immigrant parenting be like that), but I really want to just be consistent with getting professional help for once and recover properly (I tried a few times before but I always stopped going after a month or so because I always thought I I wasnt "stressed enough" for it later on). After my final architecture studio presentation next Thursday, I'm going to call my university counseling center and ask for help. I need to. This post is more of a reminder to myself that I really need to do this. My body can't handle anymore stress without proper professional help. 

(If you read this far, I wanted to apologize for my embarrassing af name, it's a joke username I chose when I made this account a long while back lol, thanks for taking the time to listen to a stranger vent out her emotional turmoil)