I feel fucked up for this.I know I have it better than most. I feel like I don't deserve to be depressed or think about killing myself. But the thought of it consumes me, daily. 

I'm not even sure I'm depressed anymore. I know what it felt like when I was. Wanting nothing to do with anyone. Not eating--some days trying to starve myself because I didn't think I deserved to eat... other days because the sadness made me too sick or numb to think about food. Sleeping all day. Just caught in a spiral of how much my life sucked. I'm kinda over that now. I wouldn't say I'm happy, but I'm definitely not sad. I know my life isn't terrible. I know I have a great family and friends and a lot of potential. Yet I just want to die.

I feel incredibly selfish for wanting to die when my life is generally okay, because I feel like I'm taking it for granted. But I can't help it. One of my biggest things I guess is, I want to die while I know my life is good. Thinking about the future and the decisions I will have to make give me so much anxiety, that I want to make it so I never am put in the position where I have to make those decisions... And it's stupid things. Questions like, what kind of parent will I be? Or will I want this "career choice" for the rest of my life? I'm only 20. I'm still in school, I have a couple years left and I just doubt myself on everything.

It's worry. It's all stemmed from worry. This is embarrassing to admit, as I wouldn't ever admit to anyone..but I don't want to know what it's like if my boyfriend decided to break up with me. And I find this embarrassing because, I don't want to kill myself "over him". I wouldn't say "I'd kill myself if he broke up with me". I just don't want to go through it. I don't want to know how I'd react, I don't want to know who he would date, or what his life would turn out like--who he would marry, or what his kids would be like. It sounds insane to me that I think about shit like that.

I just feel like if I ended it now, I would never have to think about any of this. It would just be peace. And all the thinking would stop. I've honestly contemplated making my suicide note just a piece of notebook paper, or written on the mirror, "I think too much." because that's all it really boils down to.

This was mostly just a vent. I don't really know what I was looking to get out of this. I guess I'm just wondering if it's strange at all that I want to die even though I know I'm not sad.  I do hope, to whoever is reading this, that if you are truly in pain or in a dark place that you find your happiness. I hope that you have a future, and hopefully, your choices don't scare you to death, like mine do.

