I know you think you're doing the right thing.Hi, I'm a young-ish Australian guy and I was once very interested in killing myself. I've made attempts in the past revolving around overdosing on things from cleaning chemicals to rocks of meth. The latter of which left me rather unfamiliar with who I was, years onwards I still feel the loss of cognition. I say I was once interested in killing myself, today I am desperately searching for assistance. 
This might sound upsetting, but please let me explain why it upsets me that there's no actual help for someone in this position. 

I'm not depressed. I've been caught in the sway of moods before but I have the capacity to reflect on how I truly feel. A mood you've been in for 9-10 years is more of a disposition than a passing phase. 
Suicide is not illegal in my country, but a general practitioner won't (can't?) give you anything useful besides referrals to triage or people with soft foreign voices who think I want to be alive. 
It's weird being worked over by a guy with a script who isn't responsible for what he/she says. I've been blatantly lied to by these services, time and time. 

There's a huge missing piece of dialogue. It's assumed that I'm irrational for wanting to die. There is no screening process to see if you are or are not rationally thinking about it. They try to throw mind numbing drugs at you before they ask "is there a good reason you want to die?". 

If you look online you'll only ever get numbers and lifelines. I know you think you're doing the right thing, but you're making it hard for people who genuinely feel this way to even start a dialogue. You're alienating an entire human desire as though its reprehensible. 

I'm scared. I know this might not be the place for it but I need suggestions. 
There are bridges, huge, near me close enough, obviously train tracks, but I've done that before, my body obviously isn't cooperating. I can stare off the edge for hours unable to even flinch. My body rejected large amounts of bleach and was in pain for weeks after. I ate a whole gram of meth, tasted like it was going to kill me, instead I was awake for eight days and months worth of occipital lobe pain. Seriously felt like a tumour and since then I AM NOT the same person. 

I want help with something I can easily die from without pussying out and doing more damage than already has been done. 
Please... I've exhausted all my other options of appealing to authority for help. I'll even pay for this information. 
Please, I have no one else who will even bat an eyelid about this. 
Please