how much longer am i supposed to live like thisim 19f
i've been struggling with severe depression since i was 13. i've been on numerous antidepressants at high doses for years but nothing seems to help. i even did the genetic testing to see what one would work best for me but all 3 medications had no success. 

i went to a counselor for 3 years and spent almost 7 months in 2 different inpatient facilities from age 14-15. the last of which was a 3 month stay that permanently scarred me and made me fear mental health professionals because of a counselor on the unit i was in purposely triggering me because she didn't like me and then refusing to let me call my mom as a coping skill while i was bawling my eyes out. 

i tried going back to 2 different therapists after my first counselor told me she could no longer help me, once in 2018 and once just a few months ago but my traumatization has made it impossible to reach out for help.

2020 has been an awful year for everyone but partically rough for me because i lost 2 of my closest friends for different reasons, havent been able to find a second job as the one i have now pays minimum wage + the hours are bad, i was diagnosed with aspergers 2 months ago and of course i have been stuck at home isolated because of coronavirus. 

now im back in a severe depressive episode and i just want wverything to stop. i hurt everyday. i've been crying off and on nonstop for the past week to the point of it actually knocking me unconcious because i'm so exhausted. i tried to kill myself last wednesday but i chickened out and selfsaved everytime i got lightheaded. but i wish i would've just continued. 

i think about death from the second i wake up to the second i fall asleep, and even sometimes in dreams. i want to die so badly it physically hurts. i dont know what to do anymore. i dont want to live. i cant fathom living another month. 

how long am i supposed to suffer just so my family wont be sad that im dead? it seems unfair. people are happy for people who pass away from cancer or any other illness/accident because theyre "free from suffering" but if i kill myself to stop my own constant suffering suddenly im a selfish bitch rotting in hell for my sins. i dont get it. i really dont.