I almost did it... I still might.Wow what a shit show life has been for me since 2019, the purpose of this post isn't to rant about how shitty the situation is because I've already left a bunch of reddit posts about that. I just wanted to tell someone, anonymously about my suicide attempt.

On top of already being suicidal, I was just laid off temporarily from work. I had decided that was a sign that yes. It's time to finally end things. I wrote up a suicide note, and prepared a different 2nd note for my facebook profile. I'm ashamed to admit I didn't have a plan for my bird, but I poured out all the food I have for her (more than a months worth) into various bowls, and poured a bunch of bowls of water for her to survive off of until I'm found. I sat down with her, and held her, and pet her as I told her about what was happening, what I was about to do, and that I'm sorry she's going to have to fend for herself for awhile until someone comes to rescue her. It was so fucking hard, I love her so much, I said goodbye.

I've already read The Final Exit, and have a plan ready to go. I got everything I feel is important ready. Skipping many of the steps recommended in the book. I left the bird cage door wide open and went into my room alone, and closed the door. Put the bag over my head and fastened the elastics around my neck. As I sat there for a minute, breathing into the bag, feeling the oxygen fade away. I got really scared. I calmly removed the bag, and just sat in my bed, in the dark for a really long time... I was second guessing myself. My life has been literally nothing but a downward spiral since the start of 2019. I almost feel like, fuck man, conditions HAVE GOT to improve at some point... Right? Like I don't really believe in karma, or god or anything. But is it really possible that life can just sort of have it out for someone, and bully them continuously for what seems like their entire life until they decide to kill themselves?

I constantly complain that I have an absurd amount of bad luck, as if I was cursed or something. My friends can vouch. They've also heard me say many times. If the world could just fuck off for 6 months. Leave me alone, I'm positive I could build myself back up, get healthy routines going and then once 6 months are up let the shit show resume and I'll be able to handle it. I'm just so overwhelmed, it feels like I cant ever catch a break. So as I'm sitting there thinking all this. I'm wondering, is this a sign that its time to go? Or is this the break I keep asking for, where shit is gonna leave me alone, give me time to get everything in order, and in 6 months be fully back on my feet and ready for the challenge? I'm not sure which is the right answer.