I feel like I failed myself and my parents :( I'll give typing it out a try. A post about repeating stupid actions, escape into fantasies and feelings of failure and having broken peoples trust.

Since i was young, it has always been a big dream of mine to be a Civil engineer. I'd like to think I'm intelligent, flew trough high school without any hard work whatsoever. Now I'm at Uni, the actual tough part of the trade. Civil Engineering has a lot of group assignments and projects. Those all go wonderful, I work hard and don't want to let my teammates down. Even have had some all nighters to finish reports.

Studying on my own however, doesn't really work. As in I just don't do it. I disconnect from reality using series, movies, games or even my own fantasies. I push the thoughts of needing to study to the back of my brain. The gut feeling is there, the voice of my conscience saying: "You should really study" is there. I just, don't. Than the test arrives and sometimes I'm lucky and am able to pull it off, but still. I fail half of my tests. It's just a disconnect from reality on a pretty big scale.

My parents are very involved and supporting of my education, always have been. They pay the college tuition and health care. They told me that they wouldn't mind if I fail as long as I tried. My dad had the same thing when he was younger, and he knows how awful it feels to 'just not be good enough' for higher education.

It feels like I broke their trust by just not doing my very fucking best. This isn't some arbitrary stuff either, this is the path to the one thing I always dreamed of being. I also feel like I'll regret and hate myself for what I'm doing now. Waking up one day in my forties in a dead end job thinking: "I could have been somebody, but I was to lazy and failed myself and everyone around me."

This all might seem arbitrary in comparison to the broken hears and lost careers and spouses that are the subject of the other posts in this subreddit, but this really is a big deal for me. I feel so fucking ashamed.

A horrible combination of the shame and the escape fantasies are suicide fantasies. Today after my last exam I went to the drugstore to get fluids for my contact lenses. After getting those I noticed that I was staring at the Aspirine/paracetemol packets. Wondering how many I needed to take in to get in a coma and die. After that horrible realization I quickly payed for my stuff and left. (without the aspirin)

My rational side knows that suicide is not the answer. I know it won't bring relief, it will bring nothing. There is no feeling after dead. Seizing to exist won't make me feel better. I won't feel at all. All it would do is shock the loving and caring people around me. My parents, my brother and sister. My friends.

I haven't told this to anyone, it makes me feel weak. I don't like to feel weak.

It seems like a stupid thing to overcome.

"Just work harder, why don't you just study?"

I, Just, Don't.
