“Again, so either I change the course of my whole life or you die. And you think I’m being a cunt.”That’s from my ex boyfriend and my only friend. 

I’m suicidal and borderline, I’m homeless and live at camping site until I got robbed and attacked sexually. 
I have asked my ex to help me with his family host me until I get back on my feet. 
My family think I deserve this because I had an abortion with that ex and since then my family cut ties with me, at the hospital I am right now, my psychiatrist is a male (I have phobia of stranger men around) but it’s a public facility and they say I can’t be picky, same about the medication I’m taking which is terrible for me and my previous psychiatrist emailed the hospital telling them not to give me it because it would made me more anxious and suicidal, they don’t care they neglect me because I’m lonely. 

My ex and his family live overseas and helped me in the past, it’s Europe and a 2 hours €30 flight would do, but I’m suicidal and it’s very stressing for them I guess. But they won’t and I put in my head that once I am dismissed I will hang myself, staying with nature is the only thing that makes me happy, and doing it through an old tree full of love and history will take me back to my origin and ease my pain. 

Anyway I said that to my ex “I hope you have a change of heart before it’s too late, you’re the only one who I trust n possibly could stop this but whatever until then I will follow my plan and I’m happy to.” And he said that helping me would imply changing his whole life but I believe me following my previous pregnancy would change his whole life (and oh god I loved that baby, but my mind made me hate myself and I was scared of ruining my baby’s life with my illness) or me killing my self would change his life, I don’t know... 

No, I don’t want go to a shelter nor can find alternative help. I’m weak and scared of unknown people since I was attacked during my sleep
We all get what we deserve. I just can’t see how I could change someone’s so negatively or at a point where my life is worthless. 

I have written a text exposing all the medical negligence I have been through and  raising awareness with how important the right medication is and the benefits I got from therapy and pointing about everything related to BPD. I am going but I hope my mark let behind will raise awareness and will increase love and compassion.