I have literally nothing to live for. At all.I'm a 22 year old male. I'm pretty sure I hate myself. I've hated myself for at least a decade now. I have a decent job and a place I live by myself. I manage fine on my own, never really needed help from anyone after I moved out.

I have no friends, whatsoever. Every time I'm with people, I fail to interact. I can engage in small talk or make jokes, but that's it. I'm so afraid to talk about the things I like. When no one is interested, why bother talking about it? At worst they'll think I'm an idiot, and at best they'll carry on a conversation out of courtesy. And when people are interested,  I have nothing to say about the things I like. Nothing anyone hasn't already said or heard, or isn't a fucking stupid thing to say. I honestly feel like I'm an idiot, or otherwise the densest person on the planet, because I can't seem to add anything of my own to any conversation. I don't get it.

Every single friend I've ever had I've pushed away eventually. I just can't help but completely fucking ruin any chance I'll ever have for friendship or love. I don't even know what it feels like to have just a friend any more. My family is the closest thing, but they seem to interact with me out of necessity, and that's happening less and less. The only person who talks to me on even a semi-regular basis is my sister. And she's as happy and successful as ever.

People say to start small but where the fuck do I start? My boring and ugly personality? My laziness and indecisiveness? My inability to not be fucking cripplingly anxious for ten seconds? Why am I so fucking repulsive to everyone?

I have no friends. Barely any family. No hobbies that interest me any more. No motivation to find any new ones, because I'll fucking suck at it or have nothing interesting to say or do with it anyway. I barely perform basic human functions. I eat once a day. Try to entertain myself for a few hours. Work. Then just be a depressing fucking mess. Repeat. The only thoughts that keep me from ending it right now is someone finding my body.

I have literally nothing to live for. Except the janitor who will clean up the mess I made when I offed myself.