I hope you'll forgive me for how wasteful I soundI don't really know how to go about writing this so please bear with me.

I'm in a very privileged position and am fortunate to have the life that I do. I'm a mid-twenty-year-old female; I've recently started on what could be an incredible career path and am intelligent enough to be very successful; I'm not the most stunning person in the world but I know I'm relatively attractive; I have some truly fantastic and loyal friends, a small family that would do anything for me, and am often told by people in my life how "lovely" and "genuine" I am. In other words, I have the world at my feet.

And yet I am edging ever closer to killing myself.

A brief background: I can first recall demonstrating behaviours that suggested I had mental health issues (depression?) when I was 12. This was never addressed and gradually got worse until my early twenties. Since then, it's become far more complex and I question whether it still is just depression or I've developed comorbidities.

I've repeatedly sought professional help since I was 14. Counsellors, CBT therapists, my doctor, a psychiatrist; all a complete waste of time and I genuinely believe have done nothing but compound the issue. I'm currently waiting on seeing another psychiatrist in a couple of months time after an incident in December.

My suicidal tendencies have never been as bad as they have in the past two months. In the past I would simply experience very vivid thoughts/walkthroughs of my death with no gesturing and obvious triggers. Since December, however, I've been self-harming, writing suicide notes/making recordings and engaging in parasuicidal behaviours. I can go from feeling 'fine' to having strong urges within minutes with no obvious precursor, and I have no control over it. 

I think I've become desensitised to it all and don't fully appreciate how close I probably am. All I do know is that I can't continue this way. I can't take being fully aware of how much I could achieve and the potential I have, and feeling completely paralysed by something that I often can't even articulate; especially when on the outside I still appear to function normally.

I guess I'm hoping there's someone out there that's interested in talking through everything with me because this is really only a summary. I don't want to die, I know I don't, but sooner or later an urge will come along and in the moment it will win.