What is the point of living? Does it even make sense?Well, I am 18, in college, and I have been thinking. You know, I see my future, I will graduate, get some white-collar job and then find a wife, get married and have kids be in debt with mortgages and all of that shit, live some cliche American life, and then grow old and die, never to reap the benefits of future technological progress when humanity will be living in a space-age utopia while poor old me will be rotting in the dirt. 

I realize that I am living in a shitty time when our society has not yet evolved to be moral, ethical, or logical, we still have prejudice, still think that investing into churches and military are more important than into science and research. But the thing that I hate most about myself is that I am not a genius, I cannot do miracles because people who become great have done something big early in their lives like write a computer program when they are 12 or know calculus when they are 13. I am not like that, and I fear of going into the obscurity of America's white-collar working class. I will not be remembered for anything, I will just die and no one will give a shit except relatives. 

If I was smart enough, I could have helped researching into finding a cure for aging, but I am lazy, I cannot force myself to work. I always do something else which is irrelevant to importance. I get motivation but lose it as quickly. I cannot force myself to study a lot and do something big because I am not used to working hard, in terms of studying. I can spend an entire day cleaning my house and do yard work, but cannot spend an entire day studying and learning and doing research, because that part is boring. My mindset is that I want to know this stuff from the beginning. But I know that people with such mindsets will never go far. 

So what is the whole reason for my existence? At this point all I will ever matter for humanity is having children and passing on my family lineage, that's it, I am here for nothing else. I will not do anything great although I want to, and I will not feel fulfilled if I don't. I am just here for making children who will reap the benefits of future technology while I am just a dead corpse sunken into oblivion.  