Homeless, worthless, everything I do seems so futile.I'm 24 and I've been homeless for almost a year now. I've slept rough in the cold and the rain, I've gone days and days without eating, I've had to wear dirty and wet clothes again and again, I've been forced to wear shoes with massive holes in the pouring rain. Things have been tough. Recently, things have gotten much much worse. I finally went to a doctor to help get over my depression. She was nice and she recommended a place I could contact who would give me a phone assessment and then hopefully give me some kind of counselling/therapy. She also started me on 50mg of sertraline to help me with my anxiety and depression. It seemed like things would get better.


I took the pills everyday. I booked a phone assessment (had to wait 2 weeks because of the massive backlog). And then, on the day of my phone assessment, my phone stopped working. No signal no matter what I did. I ended up missing my assessment. Sadly, after a missed assessment you have to wait 2 months for another one. Then, I was too depressed to go to my jobseekers allowance meeting so I stopped receiving that. 


I feel like there's nothing I can do. Every day I get hungrier and hungrier. Some days I find a little bit of money or I shoplift something out of desperation but then a few hours later I'm in the same situation. I tried to access homeless resources but they weren't very helpful. I just don't know what to do. There's obviously a way out of this.... but I can't see it. Whenever I'm walking somewhere I always keep a look out for trees that could support my weight. My friends don't invite my anywhere, and why would they? I have no money to do things, I can't wash my clothes, I can't get a job. I'm a hopeless waste of space. Even my family has forgotten about me. I need to kill myself soon because life just seems to get worse and worse. I've managed to keep myself going this long because I think, "it's ok, another few months of this and maybe I'll have a place to live! maybe I'll be able to cook some beans on toast! and have a nice WARM bed! maybe I'll be able to foster a dog if my landlord is nice!" but it seems like every rock bottom is simply a stepping stone further and further down. I know you're probably reading this and thinking about ways you can help, things you can say to make me feel better. But you can't. Nothing can. There's no way out of this. I WANT to live... but I want to live well. I want to not feel self-conscious walking down the street, I want to not have to deal with hunger pains all day, I want to have a job and contribute to society.  That can't be. Why live a futile, pointless, empty existence?