How can I do it?I didn’t realize until three years ago that I’ve been depressed my entire life. I grew up with a lot of abuse from my parents while growing up in the Netherlands. Doctors and schools didn’t do anything while I had numerous visits of bruises and broken bones. I was also always a misfit and tried my best to fit in. Despite all of it I’ve dealt with some bullying in my teens that I still carry a grudge from it until today. I obsessively despise these people that have hurt me and scarred me so much. Now fast forward in my thirties I just can’t seem to find one thing that brings me real joy but my dogs. I have no joy in my work despite making ok money. It’s ironic knowing I’ve been working since 13 and have even taken on a factory job at a chicken manufacture. I should be grateful how far I’ve come but I still despise every little thing about me, and I’m just so angry and sad about every little thing. I have a ten year relationship with my boyfriend whom I’ve financially supported 9 out of ten years so he can achieve his dreams. Societal and cultural pressure of getting married, having kids, and buying a home have just taken the best of me that I started resenting him. I’ve vocalized the past five years what I want in our relationship and he basically says I’m impatient and I have a nasty personality for wanting to get married. Last weekend was my best friends wedding and I was just so heartbroken to explain to numerous people that we have not made any single progress to building a family together. My life and everything about it makes me feel so invaluable. I hate myself and I can’t deal with the pressure of sadness on my chest anymore. I just want to go but don’t know how. I just want to sleep and never wake up. No one is going to care. Heck I’ve been crying for months after every work shift for hours until I fall asleep and my significant other doesn’t bother to ask or question if I’m ok. It’s funny cause I put my boyfriend as a beneficiary of my assets if I were to pass away. I should make some changes before leaving. If I could just get up and leave. 

Thank you if you made it till the end. I’m a coward and will probably still torture myself with this miserable life.