Heres what "I cant imagine"..
I come from this really long line of very, very sad people that can date back before WW1 to my knowledge which is so broken and vague because everyone is broken and vague. But they all had these fucking horrible things happen to them that I cannot even imagine. Like, my father alone suffered so hard. He was born during an affair, lived in extreme poverty in the 1950s with 8 siblings, two of which were severely disabled in a one bedroom apartment until his mother abandoned him  and all the children. His step father was an abusive alcoholic. Upon abandonment he was put into foster care and sent to a farm where he was beaten to a point of disfigurement. He walked 100+ miles to the nearest city and lived as a homeless youth until he was picked up by a family who "adopted him". The famil was full of pedophiles and rapists. He had children at 16, which were given to a different household (thank god). 

His sisters were split up as well. One had a baby at 16 who went on to become such an addict he had permanent brain damage for 40 years and spent his life in a hospital bed and she visited him everyday until she died. Another married at 16, had a few children but one had Downs syndrome during the 60s and she chose to care for them for her entire life. My grandmother died alone and decrepit in a hospital bed. So did my father. 

He had me at 47 years old. Long past all this terrible shit. Can you imagine? He got up every day and went to work and supported a child and a wife. Rarely took a day off. Was rarely "down in the dumps". Can you imagine? I cant. I'm his child and I cant. He did not give me what was clearly the most important tool of life. How to survive the worst. And in comparison- my shitty life isn't even remotely as bad as his was. I never experienced sexual trauma as a kid. No one abandoned me. I was never beaten. 

But I'm still so very very sad. He lived the example I look for - independent, no parents, no family and he survived seventy years. Seventy ENTIRE years. I did 30. 

I took care of him for 10 of those 30 years. Physically, as his body fell apart, I dedicated my life to him because I could not and can not imagine that suffering. What did he do to deserve that life? It was very hard being a caregiver. It was  one of the hardest things I ever did. Near the end of his life, after ten years, i looked at him and thought you know, the only person who will ever care that I did this is him. No one will ever appreciate what I sacrificed but him. His family was not there and they even tried to tell me I didnt do a good enough job. That I started at 16. With no experience or knowledge. The most important job I was ever going to have. 

It took me years to accept that I did not fail at this job. That it was out of my hands, that I was totally not prepared and in some cases, shouldn't have been doing it. I had severe PTSD just from the medical trauma he was going through that only recently subsided. 

But he let nature take its course. He didnt take matters into his own hands. He didnt pick up a gun or swallow a bunch of pills. The last thing my father said to me was that he was ready to go now but not as a threat, not as suicide. He accepted the inevitable and he was ready to go and instead of pulling the plug, he faced it head on. 

My father always told me, "I once complained about a sore thumb until I met a man with no hand." 

I share this for those of who need the reminder that not only could someone suffer worse, but that person chose to let his story play out as it would be. And maybe if they can do it, we can do it too. 

(But of course, dont worry, in my depression even I'm like "yeah but atleast his family wasnt actually dead!" and it's my own father that I clearly admire.  It's hard getting to that place where it's not a comparison but an experience to take what is helpful for you from.)