Please read thisHey everyone,

Im a guy in my early 20' and am seriously considering killing myself.

My long time friends are moving on with life. They have relationships and are becoming established. I have had 1 unsuccessful long term relationship and multiple hookups. I'm fucking tired of hookups and don't know how someone can emotionally dull themselves to constantly do it. 

Every week is the same monotonous shit. Working 6 days a week 1 day off and usually spent alone. Sometimes both jobs blend and I wind up working 12 days straight. When not spent alone, it's with coworkers who connect better because they have more time off. I substitute teach so they frequently go out and drink or stay out late on weeknights (we work in a restaurant). No interaction with girls outside of work, who are either in relationships or just want to fuck around. Tired of getting nowhere in my personal life or career (but mostly my personal life). I don't drink much anymore because it was becoming a problem. I smoke 15 cigarettes a day and have cut down but can't stop because I want to fucking kill myself every time I wake up. I'll often wake up crying wishing I didn't have to face the day. No matter how hard I work, certifications and degrees I get, jokes I make (I've been told everyone thinks I'm hilarious and just so personable HAHAHAHA) or plans I make, I go to bed every night alone and wake up with no plans or a single text/call throughout the day asking to spend time with me (or someone I know I can call and spend time with). The worst part about this is that everyone I socialize with cheers when I enter the room and even has a nickname for me. They laugh at everything I say. But they hangout together constantly and I never get invited unless I basically force myself into it. 

I'm seeing a psychiatrist and a therapist. I'm on lamictal for mood swing and possible bi polar disorder. Things are better than before but I still feel empty. Every. Fucking. Day. 

I'm going to drive to a gun expo next month where I can walk out with a firearm and I'm going to drain my account and go on a road trip. My favorite hobby is traveling. I'm going to go everywhere in the United States I have ever wanted to go. When it comes time to come back,  I'm Gna blow my fucking head off. 