I’ve always been a quitter.Sup, male 24, I’ve been having suicidal thoughts since I was in elementary school. It all began when I started to wear glasses and I proceeded to get bullied. I was raised by my mother who dated numerous abusive boyfriends, one I actually knocked out one time. My mother had low income, mostly jobless, donated plasma for extra cash and lived off my sisters disability checks in public housing. She usually spent whatever money she had on drugs. I always wore shitty clothes and shoes all throughout elementary to high school so I was basically bullied my whole life. The fact that I had a pretty crappy life at home and at school meant I had no escape, until I found video games. I eventually moved away because she’s still the same way to this day, even after many arguments, conversations, and attempts for me to help her better her life. 

I never went to college, I have no motivation on attending, I assume I’ll just give up on school at some point, so I just never plan on going, I’ve quit sports, I’ve quit countless jobs, I’ve quit on all my relationships with family and friends. All I have in my life is my girlfriend, whom I live with in her mother’s house, and the only thing stopping me from ending it all is me not wanting to make her sad because she’s already lost her father recently and losing me would destroy her. I’m not even a good boyfriend, I don’t even take her out or do nice things for her, but I’m not mean to her I’m just not the ideal boyfriend. I’m always quitting jobs and not making ideal income. She can do much better. I don’t know why she still loves me.
Her mother gave me a car, it’s shitty but it’s a awesome gesture nonetheless, she gave me a home, and spend time with her family during the holidays, which I’ve never had the privilege of doing. A real family that doesn’t hate each other. But I’m still riddled with sadness and an emptiness that I just can’t seem to fill.

The only thing I enjoy doing is spending countless hours playing video games, and sometimes that isn’t even fun for me. I quit 2 jobs right before I was going to be promoted for both and I’m just tired of having to work, tired of having to go to school, and tired of forging relationships. Basically just tired of life. 

Whenever I do finally quit on life, my plan is to drive to this highway junction near me (at 2 am on Saturday night so I don’t disrupt any heavy traffic)  and walk to the highest ramp and  just jump. 

I’ve seeked help, I’ve talked about my thoughts to numerous people, I’ve heard everything already, I’ve gotten many peoples advice and sympathy but all I really want is to just not exist anymore.