I'm sick of being worthless, I can't continue like this*** This is going to be a bit long. I have no one to talk to and I feel as if I have already exhausted my resources---Crosspost  ***

I am a 21[F] which may or may not add some insights on the way I am feeling. I have been struggling with depression since I was 9. When I was four I was put into foster care where I suffered abuse that I don't think I'll ever be able to face. I was adopted at the age of seven. Which was a dream come true, for the first time in my life I felt a sense of belonging, I felt loved. Which was exciting.

Around Jr. high, I started having a lot of trouble in school. I was continually bullied by this guy in my seventh-grade class. He was just brutal. He would insult my intelligence and go on and on about how ugly I was. I started to believe it. I remember one day just feeling so broken and unwanted I downed a whole bottle of Tylenol and preceded to try to hang myself using some yarn that I had laying around. As you probably predicted the yarn snapped. I've never told anyone about that day. My mom noticed I was really struggling and signed me up for counseling as well as to see a physiatrist who prescribed me antidepressants and mood stabilizers at the age of twelve. I remember being extremely ashamed of the fact that I had to take meds because I wanted to be like all of the other 'normal' kids.

Around this time my mom was diagnosed with cancer and my dad was battling diabetes, both of them became grumpy and distant because of the pain they were suffering from. I hated them for the longest time after that. I regret being so angry towards them at that time because I didn't realize how much I'd miss them. I continued to struggle through Jr. High. I was bullied often because I was an easy target. I believed I was worthless. My Dad had been diagnosed with epilepsy and a few other things my freshman year of High School and was never the same after that. He became extremely verbally and physically abusive. He would call me a 'n*gger' and tell me to 'shut the fuck up; when I was being too loud or talking too much. Which hurt. He passed away the summer after freshman year of HS followed by the passing of my mom six months after him, my biological mom from suicide a year after that and my half-brother month ago from an overdose.

I was lucky enough to get a scholarship to go to a private university. I have been struggling a lot lately. It makes me feel worthless when I see all of these beautiful rich white girls and realizing that I'll never be loved like them, which hurts so much. The only way I'll ever have a family is if I find someone to love me. I've never been out asked out on a date and get no attention from guys. I've noticed too that even the black guys go for the white girls. Which is another issue in itself. I've come to the conclusion that it's not possible for people like me to be loved. I have nothing to offer anyone. No one gives a fuck about orphans.

I don't see the purpose in living anymore. I get no joy from this existence. I feel alone and unwanted and I'm so tired of this feeling. I'm starting to lose hope that things will get better because I feel like every breath I take is a gasp for air almost as if I'm suffocating even though my lungs are fine. I'm just another unwanted, unloved n*gger and it hurts more than I can put into words, this has to be my story.