What should I do?I hated my childhood because my mom emotionally abused myself, my sister and my dad. I am now 25 and I have severe social anxiety (no social life, I'm almost always silent in groups). I failed 4 semesters at two different universities for not showing up to classes and not dropping due to laziness. They had been paid for from high school academic scholarships. I was addicted to MTGO, World of Warcraft and online poker for several years. I lost all my savings (from taking a year off working after high school) of $25 000 playing online poker. I went back to university last year and passed. I am in 2nd year university now but I did really poorly on midterms because I had been playing Team Fortress 2 most of my time. But, I lied to everyone I know including my parents that I am in my last year of a bachelor's degree because of the embarassment of being a failure. My dad left my mom after twenty years of marriage two months ago right when we had to move out of our townhouse because the lease expired (wasn't renewed because of pets and unregistered tenants - my parents moved into my sister and my townhouse and lived their rent free for two years while they supposedly looked for a place of their own). So she was homeless and my sister was homeless from being sent back home from flying cross country to take military training for failing her physical exam. So I helped them find an apartment and promised to move in with them after my mom said she would change. But I really want to back out of the move now because my mom has become really mean to my sister and I and constantly criticising and insulting us. But it will be horrible for my sister I think because she will have to pay more rent and live with my mom by herself. And it will look so cold for abandoning my own mother in this situation? And she'll probably become really depressed; it will break her possibly and even though I don't like her I will feel guilty. But I don't think she can change since she's had so many opportunities. Also Ill have to reveal my lies and she'll lose any remaining respect she had for me. I've always had a strategy of avoiding my problems but not it seems like they're piling up.Edit: and also I forgot to mention that I pretty much used weed and computer games as an avoidance mechanism to try to forget my problems for awhile. Like right now I'm high even though I have a midterm tomorrow because I'm pretty sure I'll fail because I spent so much time helping my mom move. And my mom still needs help moving right away but I have a linear algebra midterm exam in two days and Ive been doing horribly in that class and I am so far behind it is not even funny. I feel like Im stuck in between an unmovable object and an unstoppable force because if I don't move in at the end of the week, I will break out of the contract and make my mom really sad and my sister will be stuck living with her and it will be betraying my sister and make my mom so depressed possibly, and if I move in I don't know if I'd ever be happy and I feel thered be too much tension between my mom and I and I already have really low self esteem and a whole host of other problems to deal with.