How has it come to this...If a year ago you said this is where I would be today I wouldn't have believed you. I apologize ahead of time as this will likely be somewhat rambling and not up to my usual writing/grammar. Ironically I was going to make this year a year of change and things sure changed unfortunately. I have been stuck in a well paying though mundane and job I despise for years and finally decided to do something about it at the end of 2015. Though unfortunately all that is likely for naught. Not going into details but likely facing 5 years in prison for something unbelievably stupid on my part. I was served with a search warrant that was executed in the beginning of the year (2016) and initially my attorney said I would probably be arrested in 2 weeks to 2 months or may never hear anything about it ever again due to circumstances. I didnt ever hear anything after three months so I continued my education which I put on hold as there was no reason to waste money on something I wouldn't be able to practice. so fast forward to December right I finish and get certified etc (cramming two years of school work in 5 months) I get notified they will be charging me etc. I have been lucky and never have been charged or arrested yet so I am very thankful for that. The way the prosecution is behaving is odd according to my attorney so I am still clinging to a small shred of hope I can still walk away from this unscathed....though I realize denial is a step in the grieving process as well so I dont know what to really think or pin my hope on. I plan to ride this out to the end and end things the night before sentencing. (there isnt a trial planned just a guilty plea and then being remanded to custody as far as I understand at this point). I have scoped out a few buildings in town and went to the top a few times to prep myself..I even did Christmas morning which ended up being a mistake but it was on the way to where I was going and decided to stop in. I will probably go again this morning...not to jump but it is strangely peaceful the time I am up there. I am just an emotional wreck...I have cried more in the last month than I have in the last twenty or more years. I am so angry as I finally was on the path to true happiness in my life with a new career...almost at the finish line and now everything is on hold once again and I cant bring myself to think positively about this. If nothing else I can be thankful for the silver linings of the whole situation. I was much more adventurous this year and did a lot more than usual as I always felt that impending doom so I didnt want to waste time or miss opportunities. So even if I do end up having to take the dark path I see ahead at least I can say I had a good time before I had to go. Anyway thanks for reading it did feel good to type this all out as I only have confided in one friend as to what is going on. I definitely try to cherish the moments I feel good and normal these days...I dont want to be a total mope my last weeks on Earth. 