From One On the Brink to Another: How can I help you?Two years ago I nearly threw myself in front of a subway train, or off a bridge in a New England city I loved. 

My family was the only thing that stopped me, and after 2 weeks in the hospital, I then was set on a long course of therapy. Things seemed to get better. I did have to leave that city I loved, move back in with my mother in a town I absolutely hated several thousands of miles away, penniless, numb, cold, but, I was alive. At least for awhile, I thought that's all that mattered. 

Two years later I find myself standing on that edge again. My business (freelance design/illustration/sequential art/etc) has completely failed at being anything other than being a money hole. I've had no luck in finding a job that works with my schedule/is actually worth taking. My head is slowly creeping back into that fog I thought I had dug out of. I'm doing a post bacc in business, but...currently right now I'm just scratching my head as I sit through all the prereqs that aren't helping my business when I apply them. While I rack up more student loan bills because that's the only financial aid offered to me this quarter. At home, family continuously bickers why somehow a late 20's person with a degree can't make money to save their life, it's a constant argument. Most of everybody else has moved on with their own lives. Long distance family have gotten married so we don't talk much. Even my best friend who I thought could always relate to, as he had things much, much worse than I... moved to the city I was kicked out of, where apparently he makes so much money the conversations we now have, I can't relate to it because I don't get out much, I live in a shit hole, and at this point in my life, all the 'stay positive' stuff isn't doing jack shit. That was definitely the 'what. the fuck. am I doing wrong.' moment for me. My resources to cope have been worn out again, as while I am grateful for some things, the stress is just piling too much on in other places.

So a few days ago, after another argument session, I found myself walking until my heels bled raw, until I reached a part of the town I live in, that the road, on a hillside, drops off suddenly into a large valley. It was night. 

I sat there, on the edge of the hill, for a few hours, contemplating what it would be like to tumble down. I'll leave it at that, as, I'm sure a lot of you have been there too. 

I did turn back from that night, obviously. I went back home, but, the down feeling isn't over yet. I announced I'm officially closing my business due to no money. I literally threw in the towel because really, no profits=no business, and I've burnt out again, so, no passion=no motivation. Inside, I just feel dead, even with my meds. (I might bring it up with my provider, although, I remember last time she was like "why are you even on anti-depressants? You don't seem depressed." Not the original doctor that prescribed them, the original one discharged me as my insurance would only pay for so many sessions.) 

I'm not sure how else to fix things,aside from the only question I can ask now, I guess: 

Is there anything out there I can do for somebody, out there in internet land, to help? I don't mean like go volunteer to save the whales or something consistent, but, just....small things. I don't have much else to look forward to right now, so...yeah. 

**tl;dr: On the edge of things again. Looking inward is too painful right now, so, am looking to see if anybody else needs something to keep them going.** 