Pretty lost?I don't really know how I'm feeling right now? So I'm a student in college, I just transferred here after working super hard last year at my old college. For some reason I thought that if I managed to get in, all of my problems would solve themselves. But I'm still dealing with the same kind of isolation that I've been dealing with for the past 6 years. I just always attributed it to my academic goals. Corona is a huge problem for me. I'm living alone in an apartment a few minutes from campus, and I spend the vast majority of my daily life sitting at my desk. I'm miserable like this. I have almost no human interaction, even though I attend every in-person event I can find. I think what I want is just one person that is willing to talk to me or hang out with me in real life, but since I'm a transfer it's just extremely difficult to meet people at this university, which is across the country from anyone I know. I'm also gay and have never had a boyfriend. I would really, really like to be in a relationship, but again it feels pretty much impossible at the moment. There's one guy that I met in orchestra and tried to get to know better slowly, I talked with him yesterday at an orchestra event, and sent him a text (I've had some convos with him before) inviting him to hang out, but he just never responded. It hurts a lot, because usually I'm pretty good at reading people's emotions, and I really thought he was showing interest back (and "swung that way," too). I'm almost certain that this means he isn't interested, though. These events are pretty recent, so I feel like I'm still just trying to recover from having a glimpse of interaction with someone else where I felt a little happy, and returning back to the norm of isolation. I have a midterm due in the morning, it's late at night right now, and I have no motivation to work on it. Not sure what to do.

&amp;#x200B;

This could easily turn into a ramble about everything I don't feel comfortable talking about to anyone, so I guess I'll just say that I'm not sure where to go from here? I just feel like my energy, or my capability of handling isolation has just run out. I just don't want to do it anymore, and don't think I can handle it. I've run into many, many of these brick-wall dead-end situations before, but I feel like this one is somehow much larger than the rest, like it's a culmination of all the other times I chose to bottle up my emotions and move on. And I know if I were to die, nobody would even notice for probably weeks, unless my teachers noticed I wasn't attending their zoom classes anymore. Funny, I guess?