I don’t know what I’m doingI’m just gonna vent if that’s ok with you, I understand if you don’t want to read this but I would appreciate it.

I’ve known for quite a while now that I’m bisexual.  I’m comfortable with this.  I’ve told some close friends and that was that.  They were supportive and I am glad that they took it well.  This isn’t the problem though, I live in a conservative neighborhood in the Midwest filled with rich white people.  My entire family is Catholic and I’ve heard my aunt go on a rant about homosexuality.  Things won’t be the same after I come out.  They might say that they love and support me, but hate runs deep.

There hasn’t been a single point in my life where I knew who I was.  It’s just one identity crisis after another.  I never feel comfortable In my own skin. Every time that I look in the mirror a stranger stares back at me.  That may seem cliche, but it’s who I am.  I don’t know if it’s because I hate how I look, have some mental illness, or something else.

Lately I’ve being thinking that I might be trans (MtF).  I hope that’s not the case.  I don’t have anything against trans people, it’s just they live incredibly difficult lives.  About half of all trans people attempt suicide, I have enough suicidal thoughts.  If it does turn out that I’m trans, I won’t know where to fucking start.  There is ONE trans person in my town of over ten thousand people.  She’s treated like an outcast and I genuinely feel sorry for her.  I don’t want to lose my friends.

I can’t get out of bed sometimes, I’m sorry if that sounds cliche, but it’s who I am.  I’ve been self harming for a while now.  I drive a thumb tack in to my arm and drag around the wound.  I’ve become addicted to it in a sick way, if I feel any emotional pain, all I have to do is replace it with physical pain.  The best part is it doesn’t scar, nobody needs to worry.

I say all these things as I actually am going to commit suicide.  I don’t have the guts to do that shit.  Instead I’ll just be miserable in silence, a prisoner to the human condition.  I’m so miserable that sometimes I wonder if it’s justified.  There are people living in third world countries doing just fine, they’d kill to be where you are.  I know something is wrong with me, I’m posting about my depression instead of getting help.

For the longest time I’ve felt that my life is just a game with an impossibly stupid amount of obstacles.  One identity crisis after another, I’ve covered every topic under the sun yet I don’t feel like I made any progress.  Race, sexuality, gender, everything that you could need to know to get a basic understanding of yourself.  I’m running dry, I feel trapped.  Nobody I know could possibly understand what I’m going through, let alone get me help.

I’m tired of fight the urge to break down and cry, I’m tired of telling everyone I know that I’m okay, and I’m tired of living.

Thank you for your time, I love you all.