when you want to commit suicide but know you won't do it... [long]this is me right now. I feel like I want to die, but I also know that I won't do a damn thing about it. Even if i were alone right now, I know I would be sitting here typing this instead anyways. then the thought pops up "why not? why not just end it?" I dunno I don't have a real answer to that. I just know that as much as I want to die I know I'm not going to do it.

and because this almost always gets asked... here's whats bugging me at the moment.

the future. not even the weight of it. in all reality, it should look pretty hopeful. But I am not. All I can think of is what's happened this weekend. 

so like many cities around the world, we have a housing crisis. And like many others out there, I have started looking at the tiny house trend. I woke up yesterday morning all excited, i had a dream about a tiny house layout that is quite frankly pretty good, well designed, efficient, beautiful, and all the luxuries of a big home, including 3 loft rooms. Just in 240sqft... I had spent all day at the design, everything was to scale, I researched how to draw up plans properly, a LOT of work went into this, I was feeling quite proud of myself. I had a moment of happiness. I should know better by now. I really should. Any moment of happiness is always followed by a crushing heartbreaking one. 

Now, I know my husband isn't thrilled about the idea, and honestly that is fine. It really is. But when he came home and then just shit stormed all over my hard work, and wonderful design. Sure it's not perfect, it has flaws, I mean it was only the first draft; of course there's stuff that needs to be worked out. 

but now everything has just fed right back into that cycle of nothing i ever do is good enough, even when i think it is, it just isn't. my best is never good enough.

I have no idea what I want for a career, or if I want one at all. If I didn't fight depression I know deep down I would LOVE to be a mother, but I don't want to in case one day I managed to actually kill myself. I can't bring that down on them. 

the hopeful part is that I am currently looking for a new job, anything indoors, that is fairly active, and if possible near a bus stop. the idea being that IF I can get one near a bus stop, I will sell my car saving me hundreds of dollars a month, and get me out of debt faster. and right now the job market is actually looking pretty promising. 

But then what next? I have so many things that interest me that it paralyzes me. Everything I want to do requires higher education, and there's no fucking way on this blue and green earth that I will go back into debt EVER AGAIN FOR SCHOOL. I already have a 10 yr loan that is haunting me, and will continue to haunt me for another 6 years. my life is on hold thanks to that fucking loan. 

I love the Japanese language and culture, I have since before it was cool, with anime. My mom went there and brought back a kimono when she was a teen, i played dress up with it when I was little, and loved the fabric, and how pretty it was. 

I also love learning languages in general, also agriculture, bee keeping, and so much more, hell if I was good at school I would be a career student. but I suck at school. I work my ass off in my studies and my best grade ever was a B- with the teacher being EXCEPTIONALLY KIND. he even admitted to it. "I see you shifting in your seat, you participate in class, you have lots to contribute, so I gave you a grade and a half extra. after all you try harder than everyone else in here" otherwise my grades are just passing at best. 

I don't know what to do with myself long term. short term is also a mess. life is a mess and everytime i pick one thing up something else breaks down and i have to start all over again. any time i find something that interests me and gets me motivated life comes along with its big hammer and smashes me down.

I want to just give up end it all. but I know that I won't do a damn thing about it.

edit: the 1.5 extra grade was cumulative over the semester. I know logically that school is aimed at a very small percentage of humans, but it still wears on me, making me feel like shit, that I am not a good or smart enough human to get  decent grades.