I cant stop thinking about this.Ok, so here is the deal. I am stuck now. I can't get out of my head and it is getting worse for me and not better. I wrote my note, have decided either pills if I can get some or suffocation. Just trying to figure out when to go through with it. I have talked to people before and they tell me it's not worth it but this is different. I can barely face the world. My life is completely and utterly destroyed and now I am sure it is to late to turn back.

I have no friends to talk to. I have family that says they care, but I feel like a burden to them. I saw a counsler but I am afraid to open up to him. I have four children and I love them more then anything and I know this will be hard for them but my wife has left me for another man and the kids live with me and she is more or less made it known that she wants me to kill myself so her and her new boyfriend can raise our children. It hurts so much. This was my world.

Around Christmas she left and I filed for divorce because I was afraid of loosing the children. I was awarded custody and they have been with me since. In January, I talked to my wife and I thought we were friends still and she cared about me still. I told her I was on craigslist just trying to meet someone, anyone. A friend, a lover. I don't know? Around that time I noticed these random postings that were descriptive about our relationship? At first I thought I was reading to much into it. But I responded to some anyway. Then I knew... They were for me. I found out about the rofo message board, where they troll people in the missed connections and personals. My wife must have gotten involved somehow and they drew me into this sick little game to drag me down. I didn't understand. They threatened to kill me, to rape me they kept taunting me. Scared me and made me so paronoid I couldn't sleep anymore. I tried to tell my family and they all thought I was dellusional. I stopped talking about it because it does sound crazy. Obviously. Sick little fuckers. I fought against them and that's when they tried to blackmail me. With a homosexual picture from when I was 20. I found it online a long time ago and I was mortified. But no one knew who I was and what could I do? It was a hidden camera and it's out now. They taunted me with it and threatened to post them all? This was calculated and I just know. I know it was intentional. To make me look unstable by posting just enough information about me, but not enough for me to press charges.

So you see, this is different. I am not crazy. They have decided that I deserve to die and now I am scared to be alive anymore. I am ashamed of my self and what I did. I hate myself so much. I don't understand why someone would hate someone else so much. It is just easier this way. I will never be happy again now that the world knows me as some gay porno star. I am going to do this. There is no way out that I can see anymore. I am alone, scared, walking a razors edge and I just wish I did not feel anything anymore. 