My Girlfriend Tried to Commit Suicide Today. I'm Not Supposed to Talk to Her Anymore . I Need Help.Long one guys but I'm fucking shaking.. I have no one to talk to about this. 

I started Dating "Aly" about a year ago. Found her on tinder. Turned out we went to the same middle school yada yada...

Aly has 3 kids, with the same father. I am the father of a nearly 2 year old. We are both 30yrs old.

When we started dating she told me about her past. Let's just say she hasn't had it easy. Father committed suicide.. A failed marriage... Etc..

I'm also not in the best place right now. My own custody battle is a story of its own and it's as bad as you can imagine. (Like that YT video of the lady fighting with the kids father about their haircut type of bad)

Since my son was born, I decided to turn my life around. Become more responsible, get a degree yada yada... 

I'm actually proud to say that I've already gotten an associate's degree, bought a house, been promoted. It's not all been smooth. But I'm starting to see the changes I set out to make. 


But I'm way far from where I would like to be. Not done by a long shot. I literally see my son 4 days out of the month and it fucking kills me. It feels like torture. Slow painful torture. 

So anyways, Aly's place was just down the street from mine. So she would be over all the time, and eventually her kids too. 
So six months later she asked to move in. 
I immediately raised some flags. 
Reminded her about my situation with my kid, going to school, 60 hour long weeks, getting home at 7PM and working on the computer until 1-3AM. I told her I had lived on my own since I left my parents and I literally didn't even know how to coexist with another human being. 

She said she understood and it didn't matter. She was also paying $1,200 a month for rent and spending half the time at my place, so from a financial perspective it did make sense. 

So I reluctantly agreed. 

Aly is amazing. And I mean amazing. She would like do everything around my house even though I would beg her not to. She fucking loves my kid so much. And it's genuine. When he was diagnosed with autism she started researching, got some type of autism therapy degree and just overall looks after him like if it was her own. 

I'll go as far as to say that Aly is by far a better mom to my son that his actual "give the kid an iPad and ignore him for the whole night evil spirited ass shitty excuse for a mother" mother. God I hate her. 

So fast forward 3 months and Aly has completely changed. Lost extreme weight. Taking prescription pills, this palpable sadness always in her stare. 

I know what's up immediately. Because she told me. She wanted more. She wanted a baby with me. She wanted me to say I love you back when she said it,she wanted me to text her more, take ker out more often. Travel. You know, the little things. 

And you know what? She was right to want all those things. She deserved them. She had life throw every single bad scenario at her and she still turned out amazing. Raised amazing kids. Helped me with everything. Hell yeah she deserved every single thing she asked for.. and much more.

I decided to be blunt(it's hard for me to say no, and I often commit to things, that I know I don't want or can't do) and I told her that at least for the time being. Nothing about our relationship was going to be any different. I am still committed to getting my life together and most importantly more time with my son. I told I wasn't ready to have a baby. I told her I probably wasn't going to travel and do all the things she wanted. At least not very often. Or actually not often at all. 

But I told her she didn't have to settle around my plans and I understood if she didn't. It would be selfish for me to ask her to just "ride it out" for a few years knowing full well she would do it if I asked. 

I couldn't bear seeing her sad. I couldn't bear knowing I was the cause of all that pain. She shouldn't have to feel bad for wanting those things and put up with someone who wasn't as invested in the relationship as she was. 

Man she didn't take it well. She told me she didn't want to cause me any trouble or feel unwanted somewhere and that she would be out by the next day.

 I told her she wasn't unwanted. I was perfectly fine with the current situation, I just knew that she wasn't. I knew that she was sad. And that I wasn't going to lie to her or lead her on. 

The next day everything was fine. As if nothing had happened. Almost like if the conversation itself was all that she needed and she even seemed happy I dare say. 

That same day I get this weird text from my kids mom. Asking me to accompany her  to an xray procedure for our son (super weird that she would ask me to come along) . And to help her do her taxes. I showed the text Aly and she said "yeah, she is just trying to spend the day with you". Which I agreed was probably the case. 

Nonetheless I told Aly I would go to the xray procedure because if anything else it would be a chance to see my son even if for a short period. And that I definitely wouldn't be doing anyone's taxes. 

As I'm in the hospital something happened, something finally snapped with Aly. I get a frantic call from her friend that Aly had phoned her ex-husband saying to take care of the kids and that she would be taking a bunch of pills. 

Cops, paramedics, family.. Everyone rushed over to help her. She had indeed taken a bunch of pills (I heard about 100 Xanax of whatever mg but idk if that's even possible),some wine, and slights cuts to her wrist. 

She was rushed to the hospital and is now in stable condition. 

Her family is not mad at me. They told me that Aly sorta has a history of just straight up tragedy after tragedy (turns out the guy she dated after her husband who she was madly in love with just randomly died of a heart attack) and told me that the best thing I could do if I truly care about her is to block her number. To not let her in my house. To make sure I let her know I am absolutely not interested in even talking to her. 

I understand the rational. But man how can I just straight up ignore someone who has done so much for me. I know it's not about my feelings. I should think what's best for her. 

I just don't think I can do it. I'm so fucking lost. I need help.