I’m too scared to end it.I turned 18 this year and it has been the worst year of my life. Before I start this I just wanna point out that in my friend group I’m the strong one. You know guys aren’t supposed to get sad or depressed. You just keep moving. I don’t tell anyone about my problems but I think it’s time I open up to someone even if it is just people on the internet. 
I’ve been contemplating suicide since May this year. Every day I wake up I just wonder what death is like and how bad I just want it all to end but I’m just too scared to end it. I went to jail in May, right after my dad said that it would be best if I moved in with my mom. Moving to a completely new state Where I don’t know anyone and all I do is work and go home at night. I know you’re gonna say “well try to make friends” I’ve tried. I’ve met new people and tried to go out more but people just get tired of me.
Now I’m back with my dad until my probation is over but all he does is call me worthless. Him and my mom both wanted me to go to the military. I understand why I mean a place to stay and free food away from my family and with all the benefits it’s a no brainer but I guess I’m stupid. Music is my passion. Everyday I make new music and learn new things but my dad says all I do is take up space, I’m literally nothing. And I feel like nothing. I mean thanks for pointing out the obvious of how worthless and stupid I am and how I don’t do anything but eat his food and use his electricity and live in his house but I can’t do anything. I can’t get a job because I’m only gonna be here for a couple months. I don’t even know anymore I just wanna make him proud of me but all he sees me as is a failure. I mean I have to love him he’s my dad, he might not have been around all my life but he’s my father and I just wanna make him proud. If I can’t do that I think I’d rather die. I know it’s my life and I do what makes me happy but the only thing that would make me happy is the support of my dad. I just wanna be better but every little thing I do sets him off. I just feel like I wouldn’t be a bother if I just ended everything, it’d make his life so much easier 