Do you think some people are never supposed to exist at all?In terms of eugenics or whatever, I feel that some people, such as myself, were never supposed to exist and would be doing the world a favor if they ended it. For clarification, I was born with a craniofacial anomaly where my skull plates were fused together at birth, otherwise known as Saethre-Chotzen syndrome. As a result, I have slight hearing loss, a small jaw, a horseshoe scar from both sides of my skull and extremely low self-esteem because my face is not perfectly symmetrical. Even if I didn't suffer from clinical depression, I feel that I should never have been born because people with genetic issues are deficient and are not supposed to procreate, for fear of passing on that gene that makes them deficient. 
Furthermore, for over half my life I have felt that I was never supposed to exist and have contemplated suicide since before I was 12 ( I am now a month away from my 24th birthday) and my family is riddled with mental and substance abuse issues on both sides. 
I have no discernible traits or talents aside from my ability to read books and analyze tv. I have attempted to date people from dating apps but I haven't been able to find the right people and I am convinced that if I were to survive another 20 years or so, it will be as a completely single person, possibly with multiple cats. I have had friends in the past, but they have all left me, possibly knowing how crazy and weird I truly am. 

Basically, I have almost always known that I was going to die by my own hand and within the past year have come to terms with the fact that I will end everything after my grandparents pass, which will most likely be in less than five years. This makes sense as they are the only people who have truly been able to care for me as parents should. My biological father has never been able to be there for me and my mother has tried in her own way but sees her children as people who have an obligation to take care of her, and bail her out,  even when she messes up her own life due to the fall out from being addicted to drugs and alcohol for so long.