I need life to end now... really don't know what to do. I've had bad chronic headaches for 3 years, neck muscle spasm pain/shoulder pain for almost a year, my face is slightly swollen, jaw pain for about 8 months ( I got braces which caused me to clench so I had to get them removed early and now I can’t stop clenching and I have TMJ), and episodes of sharp jabbing/ burning pain all over my face for about 6 months and foot pain for about 6 years. The pain just takes over my life and allows me to do so little. I can’t get out and do much.Sometimes I just start crying/screaming it gets so intense. I've been to every doctor and they don't have any answers. I've tried so many different drugs that don't work and just give me bad side effects. I've had physiotherapy, massage therapy, and chiropractors. Massage is the only thing that gives me a little bit of relief. I’ve had lots of those. My parents don’t have coverage or bad coverage and now in September they say that I’m going to have to start paying. I only have a couple thousand dollars. I'm 15 and things aren't great at home. My 19-year-old brother has always been kind of shitty to me. Calls me useless, says no one wants me, one time said he would like to kill me, says I'm an idiot, etc. My dad has been rude to me lately when I'm in pain and can't do what he wants. He has said I'm a fucking retard, that I must have an IQ of 2, that he wishes he had never had me, that I'm a moron, etc. One time when I was crying/screaming because of the pain he was yelling at me to stop because it was so loud and he wanted to sleep. I couldn' stop the pain was so bad, My mascara ran and he told me to "go wash my monkey face". He was coming after me and I got scared that he was going to hurt me so I kicked him in the leg and then he grabbed me by my face, hard, where the pain was and he pushed me into the couch and it hurt really bad. Some of the things he has apologized for. My mother and I get along some of the time. When I can't do something she just gets mad at me. She tells me how she could send me away to a horrible group home with terrible kids and where no one will care for me or take me to doctors. She did apologize for saying that but it doesn’t make me feel better. I’m a closeted bisexual and I can’t tell anyone because my family is completely anti-LGBT. My mother is a strict Christian and makes me tell her that it is wrong to be gay after even watching a TV show with a gay character. LGBT kids are made fun of at school too. School starts next week and I don’t even know how I’m going to go feeling how I do. Last week my family went away because my siblings wanted to. I told them that I didn't feel well enough to go and that I would stay at my grandparents (they’re pretty old and don’t want to deal with me). It was just horrible. It was a 3-hour flight and 2 + hour car ride. The seats were so bad on my neck and I was in so much pain I just started to cry and scream on the plane. It was so awful and embarrassing and I couldn't control it. Strangers were staring at me and one lady came over to tell me my crying was upsetting her dog. The trip wasn't good either because I was in all of this pain. I couldn't stop the pain was so bad and I just wanted to go home. In the car ride home I wanted my dad to pull over so I could take a break and he wouldn't. He had originally told me we would look for a hotel so that I didn't have to drive all that way after sitting on the plane and being in all that pain but he didn't. I was crying and needed out of the car and everyone was just ignoring me so I hit the window with my water bottle and it left a chip and my family just said that I was crazy and destroying their property so they could call the police. It was such a stressful week that my face is breaking out. The trip its self-was awful too because of the pain. I couldn't do anything and everything was a long car ride and my family just was rude to me. It was my birthday there and I got left alone downtown in a strange city. I've tried to commit suicide 3 times and I’ve told doctors that I feel suicidal and all they tell me is to call a hotline or to talk to my parents. I’ve told my parents that I want to die. My father just tells me not to do anything stupid. My mother used to tell me how she would miss me and that that can’t happen but one time she was mad that I was crying and yelled at me to go downstairs and die. I’ve started to “cut”, aka running a push pin into my skin and it leaves light marks. Tomorrow I’m home alone because my family is going to a wedding a few hours out of town. I think I’m going to go down to the drugstore to buy some caffeine pills to overdose on. I want to die so bad.