Struggling to find reasons to tryFirst time posting so please forgive any rambling.

I (M33) live with &amp; take care of my mother. Things have been going fairly well for me for the last year. Work &amp; family life have been better than they've been in many years. My physical health has fluctuated a bit, especially over the last 6 months, but overall I'm better off now than I was last year. As is my mother. She's recovered almost fully from cancer treatment &amp; other injuries to get back to a normal life.

All that aside, I haven't stopped thinking about ending my life.

I've made attempts in the last year. Sometimes I gathered materials needed but was able to stop myself from starting/ completing the attempt. Some attempts failed outright, leaving no injury. Others left injuries or damages that I was able to explain away as something else, like a drunken accident.

I've been obsessively planning another attempt over the past few weeks &amp; I'm struggling to see a downside to it. What's stopped me in the past is probably pretty stupid/ petty. It was things like the financial burden on my family caused by my funeral, having no other means of ensuring my mother got to chemotherapy, not wanting her to be the one to find my body etc. One by one all the reasons that stopped me have been solved.

What's prompted this post is that my mental state has begun to negatively impact my life &amp; the lives around me. I've begun to withdraw for days or sometimes longer. My drinking had gotten bad. I've had difficulty focusing &amp; remembering. All of which has left my job at serious risk, my family generally fed up with me, &amp; me looking at my life unravelling.

It may be wrong but I've been looking at this as pressure to get it right this time. Like, if I lose my job I won't have the savings needed to pay for my own funeral putting that back on my family. If I don't fully commit &amp; succeed I'll just be a larger burden. That sort of thing.

I guess what I'm looking for in one way is to just tell somebody because I've never told anybody any of the above. In another way I was hoping for tips or ideas on how find things to cling to.

TL:DR

Life is good but I've still made attempts on my life &amp; am struggling to find reasons not try again.