Want to QuitSorry this is so long. I apologize up front and I am sorry for even posting. I should have just gone away. 

This is probably a pretty familiar story. I am a younger man but I am going through a pretty terrible divorce. It's pretty much one of the most horrible things in my life. I have a 2 year old daughter who lives with my wife in another state, I video chat with her as much as possible and I love to see her every day. 

I have a very good job but even with that I can barely afford to pay my rent, child support, divorce lawyers, and make car payments. I have gotten 3 eviction notices in the past three months just trying to make it work, and everything has been tied up in the divorce. I gave up everything and tried to workout everything with my wife just so that I could maintain some level of custody with my daughter, trying to support her, work with her taking our debts just to maintain some level of custody so that I would always be close to our daughter. After all that she told me she would never give me any custody.  I love my wife and my daughter but it doesn't really matter because she never saw me as loving her. 

I thought about this a lot and if I die my wife and daughter will be very well taken care of financially, and it makes no sense for me to keep struggling on when I just could quit and give my daughter the best life possible.

My company is amazing, my direct work is pretty crappy. My manager is very short sighted and doesn't think about overall business objectives. I work for an engineering type midsize startup company. He was a programmer who was promoted to become a manager, and never wanted to be a manager. He doesn't see overall business objectives and big picture goals as important. He is the kind of guy who tells everyone to build as fast and as many features as possible but if the feature aren't well thought out we just waste tons of time redesigning things tons of times. So I spoke up about this and said we could measure and start using data to track our features and what was used or not providing that data to the business. He thought it was a great idea until I implemented it, provided the data, the business liked the data and I started taking the spotlight for a little bit and he told me in no uncertain terms that I would be getting a very poor performance review. This was supposed to be the big project for me to get a promotion, my manager was a friend of mine previously and so I never thought I had to document everything. 

So now I am left without anything, a performance rating that could get me fired, a terrible divorce, thousands in debt, and really ready to just quit. I am done trying to struggle and make it work. I am 29, I have been married for 7 years and I can't do it anymore. I have been living alone for almost a year now, and every day I wake up and cry because I miss my daughter. I hate waking up alone. I hate my life so much. I am just done, and honestly, thinking about this sanely and rationally death is one of the best options for me. My daughter barely even knows me. She will have a much better life without me and my issues, and who knows what else...