Tired and Lonely All the TimeThis is a throwaway account because I don't want it traced back to me. I don't know if I need to vent or if I need actual help.

I've felt hopeless for a few weeks now. I have had depression-like issues in the past, but this has been one of the worst periods. I feel like I just *don't care* anymore. Sometimes when I'm driving, I wonder what it would be like to drive straight into a retaining wall or off of a bridge. I don't think I am realistically considering it (the possibility of actually doing so terrifies me), but even thinking about it scares me.

I have these weird moments when I'm really hyper, but by and far I'm tired and lonely. I'm lonely all the time. This is my birthday weekend and I invited 30+ people out to a winery to hang out. A couple of people backed out at the last possible moment, but no one else responded. I walked around by myself for an hour and then left.

I'm completely ashamed of my living situation. I'm in grad school and I have a job, but all of my other friends have careers and are earning real money. I'm barely earning enough to buy food and pay for rent. I live in a really poor end of town. I feel like I'm so ridiculously behind everyone else.

I am recovering from surgery and I was an invalid for a couple of weeks. I nearly drove away one of the only people around that seem to care about me because I couldn't handle being weak and having her help me with simple tasks (bathing, dressing myself, etc.). I'm more mobile now but I still have a brace on my leg, walk with a huge limp, and am in constant pain.

I don't know if it's normal to be this anxious all the time. I worry about everything. If I'm stressed and have too much information thrown at me at one time my brain shuts down and I start to freak out. I am **terrified** to speak up in class and that is hurting my grades. I hate talking to people because I'm convinced that they're going to laugh at me. I'd much rather prefer to go to the grocery store and go through the self-checkout just so I won't need to interact with anyone.

Of course, that doesn't help with the loneliness.

I'm starting to wonder if I'm merely a bad person and that is why people don't want to be around me. One of my best friends had to go back home because her sister was going to have her baby, and while I know that she needed to do that, a part of me resents her for doing so. She was the only person that showed any excitement at all about my birthday.

Maybe it's just because it's the week of my birthday. I've not had a good track record with those for a long time. Last year, I had just moved to a new area and the only person within a 5 hour driving distance that knew it was my birthday completely forgot about it. The year before, my girlfriend of 2 years broke up with me.

I've been considering going to my doctor and asking him for some help. I have had friends that have went on anti-anxiety meds and they say that that has helped them a great deal. I just don't know how to go about that conversation and I'm scared it'd be awkward.