Loneliness and Covid-19 have me on the verge of giving upThis is going to be a long post, probably, so just bear with me on this one.

I  have been struggling with depression for years now, and I feel like I  am on the worst place I've been in many many years. I am currently  living abroad as an exchange student, living in my own apartment and  basically living the dream I had been yearning for a long time now.  Well, as it turns out, it's not quite the dream I expected it to be.

More  than a month ago, a mild lockdown was announced and enforced in the  country, which confined me to my room with very few irl contacts since  then. I hoped I would be able to meet friends more often, but sadly that  wasn't the case, and that lead to a point where a few weeks ago I  realized how lonely I feel here alone in my room. This, at the same  time, made me realize that I have very few friends here, and it's just  making it worse because I'm fixating in them and I think I'm starting to  not behave normally with them because I overthink everything around  them now.

The funny thing is that  it's all getting much worse. A few days ago, a full lockdown was  announced in the country, meaning that I won't be able to meet any  friends anymore, and with christmas holidays incoming the prospect of  spending them completely alone and isolated has severely affected me, to  the point where I literally cannot stop ruminating about my loneliness  and my problems. I am going to try to go back to my home country for the  time being, but this means living behind some friends here who I may  not see ever again because of the Covid situation, and that's fucking me  up greatly as well...

I have been  on the waiting list for Psychological Counseling at my uni for more  than two and a half months now, but I still haven't received a response  at all. I have been trying to move into a university dormitory to avoid  the loneliness and have people around me, but they have denied my  petitions because of the lockdown, which I guess is fair but I cannot  accept because I need to be around people. Maybe they would have let me  if I went to psychological counseling, but since they never contacted  me, I think that's not a possibility now. The only thing I want is to  spend the holidays here with my friends, but that prospect seems almost  impossible now, and the only real option I have now is going back to my  country, leaving behind everything and everyone I care about from my  studies exchange :c. Moreover, this also means I would have to take a  Covid-19 test before going back, and if it turns out positive, I will  have to spend my birthday, Christmas and new years completely alone.

All  of this has led me to being suicidal for the past few weeks in an  increasing rate, and the thoughts of it are very hard to silence now. I  am incredibly lonely and I feel like I can't properly tell my friends  about it because I'm worried of both worrying and annoying them, and  everything I care for is being ruined because of Covid-19. I just want  to be able to spend time around people, but I can't even have that and  the endless maze of bureaucracy seems to be working hard to keep me from  getting what I want, which is a basic human need... I am so close to  giving up right now

**TL;DR:**  Covid-19 has made me extremely lonely because of lockdown, and the  prospect of the situation getting even worse is affecting me greatly, to  the point of recurring suicidal thoughts as of late. Everything I've  tried to do to stop it has failed and I'm crushed, and the only options  left are going to be very painful to me in one way or another.