Having my daily late night anxiety attack and venting/cryingI have such a good life. I have everything I could ever want. Good parents (divorced tho), money, airsoft equipment, and other stuff I don’t deserve. But I just can’t stop having these late night anxiety attacks and suicidal episodes. I suck at everything I do and I feel like I’m always the  one being frowned upon. I’m only 14 and my future is already basically crashing and burning. I can barely pass each grade without failing at least 2 of my classes during the semester. I’m decently overweight already and I can’t seem to do shit about it. I have about 3 friends and only talk to 2 of them. None of them even have much of the same interests as me. Half of which would probably get me unfriended. (I’m into the furry fandom stuff) I feel like everything I do is annoying or bothering to people. I can’t even talk to my step siblings without wanting to go to my room. Nobody like me and I can understand why. I’m fat, I can’t get anything done, Im lazy , and all I think about is how much of a fucking waste of space and money I am. I’m basically just another npc everyone sees but never interacts with. My disgustingly unkept room is really my only safe space to me. It’s where I want to be constantly. 

So what’s the point. Why should I keep going if I know damn well my future is gonna be fucked. I’m already 180 dollars in debt, so imagine what having to deal with larger amounts of money will be like. I would kinda like to tell my parents about my thoughts but either way they both will flip out and do a complete clean of my room of anything that can be used as a way to do the deed. Meaning I’d lose my airsoft guns, a complete denial of any knife over a butter, my golf cart driving permissions, and probably any type of medication. Which I may need if I get diagnosed with ADHD in my upcoming dialysis I requested with my mom.

All in all, my life is just a downhill slope from here and I don’t see why I should carry on. It’s just a matter of time before I become a  neckbeard with nothing more than half a highschool’s worth of knowledge. I’m planning on killing myself before I enter the 9th grade. Not sure how or where, but I’m planning on it.