I haven’t slept in three days and feel like I’m spiraling.This is just me venting out my frustrations, I feel weak I feel tired. I’m severely bipolar, and have ptsd and horrible anxiety. I feel broken and disillusioned. 

I am in a not so great relationship, it’s emotionally abusive and sexually abusive at times. I love them and it’s not all their fault but it finally broke me.  I just I was severely abused as a child, and I just desire to be loved to be wanted by someone. 


I lack true sexuality in all forms. I was molested all throughout my childhood, and was raped three years back. I’ve never been the same, I’ll never be the same. I want to be a good lover but I’m broken. I know I suck and am horrible and my partner deserves more. 


They admitted to engaging in cheating behavior, and it broke and hurt me. Because they told me it was my fault. For not being good enough. For being sexually unsatisfactory. For being broken, and mentally stunted. Now they want a break from me because I asked for a few days alone to cope with this fact.

I know what they are doing is gaslighting, and abusive. But I feel like their is some truth to it. I am not good enough. I’ll never be good enough. They are the only person who’s ever loved me. My parents didn’t, my siblings didn’t. I’m alone and broken with them. It’s my fault. 

I wish I didn’t stand my ground, I wish I just let it slide, because I love them more than anything in this world and I know, it’s my fault for my trauma and being so fucked up, I can’t have a normal sex life. 


I am lucky for my friends I love them, but even they’re  tired I made my bed. I can’t complain. I knew what would happen when I entered the relationship. 


But I really do truly love him, I want to make him as happy as I can. But I cannont because I am unsatisfactory and will never be good enough. 

I am terrified of him seeing this, but also terrified of being rejected again. I tried posting in a advice subreddit and got banned and removed for saying I felt like I was just a hole to him. I’m scared by saying it here I’ll be removed. But I just I’m scared and alone and haven’t slept in three days.


Every time I eat I physically am ill, I’ve been throwing up for days, I haven’t slept, and instead of sleeping I’ve just been stuck lying awake in my bed, with thoughts plaguing my mind. And it’s getting to be to much. 

I don’t know if I’m actively suicidal, I’m not not actively if that makes any sense. 

I worry about posting this I will come off like an attention whore needing validation like he thinks of me. I don’t want to be that person, I just need help. I need someone to talk to. 

I’m sorry if this makes zero sense, I haven’t slept and am to mentally exhausted to write a ton of detail. Just wanted to vent the swirling thoughts in my head. Thank you for reading I appreciate it. 


And S If your reading this, I’m sorry I didn’t post it on an alt account. I promise I’m not trying to paint you like a bad guy. I feel like the bad guy. Please don’t be mad at me.