I don't have very much to live for.I don't have a date or a method, but I've been suicidal for the better part of a year now. I feel like I've outlived my usefulness and I suppose the reason I'm posting here is because I'm sure people will just deny it if I ask about it. I feel like nobody wants to be my friend anymore, that people are just expecting me to be there so they can ask me to do things for them. 

I've been forced out of three different relationships over the past six months because I don't live up to the impossible standards people expect of me. I'll give an example: the most recent relationship I was ejected from, I made it very clear since it was my first bisexual relationship that I wannted it to be strictly platonic until I was comfortable with dating a guy. My partner said yes but then broke up with me a week later. It was a messy breakup, with him waking me up at 9am before I even had caffeine and insisting that he was leaving me for someone else because he wanted "more" than what I was willing to offer him. My other girlfriend wants nothing to do with me either, and I know this because I catfished her as a social experiment and she immediately fell in love with the person I was pretending to be.

I can't tell people I want to kill myself because they will call me selfish, yet they will be selfish themselves. They will ignore me pretty much all day but when I say anything negative at all that's when they choose to be near me and say they love me. Like, where were you before when I just wanted company? All anyone says is that they're busy yet I see them in conversations having fun with other people.

And my own fucking friends at my day program couldn't wait for me this morning either. I was 10 minutes late to my voice call this morning because of slight internet problems and when I finally joined I found out they started the fanfiction we were working on without me. And when I complained about it?

&gt; Don't take it personally, we were waiting for you but you kept signing on and off.

Really? REALLY? You sure waited for me all of ten minutes before giving up on me like everyone else does. The voice call is an HOUR. 10:30 to 11:30. And you couldn't wait ten fucking minutes for me to finish restarting the router? And when I finally did join nobody even noticed enough to say hi? **AND WHEN I SIGNED OFF THE VOICE CALL BECAUSE I WAS STARTING TO FEEL LEFT OUT NOBODY HAD THE FUCKING DECENCY TO SAY GOODBYE TO ME?!** Maybe I'm over reacting but I am pretty sure I said I was a pessimist before.

Yeah, I'm fucking done. I'm tired of being hurt, used, ignored, treated like garbage. Please tell me I'm not alone and that there's a way out for me because at this point I'm as good as dead and I just want to kill myself.