I have dug myself a hole I don't think I can get out of, and it's entirely my fault.I feel like I'm going to throw up and I have only slept about 4 hours in the past 48, but I can't sleep because I'm freaking out waiting for the shit to hit the fan. I am a 27 year old woman who cannot function in normal life.

Last November I hit a really bad spell of depression and had to take two weeks off from work. They sent me the paperwork to apply for personal leave and I procrastinated on it. So much so that my leave was denied, but I never got the letter they said they sent about it so I didn't even know. By then I was back on leave because the brief burst of feeling better went away just as quickly.

Second leave I procrastinated too long as well. I hated that job, I'm notoriously bad with paperwork, and I have a hard time leaving my house to even take it to the doctor's office, due to social anxiety. I did not ask for help from my parents even though I live with them. I'm 27.

I was fired in February because the accrued absences all counted against me when the leave didn't get approved. I had a good tax return but had to give over half to my parents to help them pay bills. They don't know I was fired. I've been lying for months. When my tax return money ran out, I stopped paying things. My car is probably getting repossessed, and probably very soon, unless I can come up with the money to pay my two missed payments and the repo fee before the car is taken.

I fucked up so bad. I'm still lying by not telling them, by just waiting for the repo guys to show up and take the fucking car instead of going and talking to my mom about it. I should be in there now telling her and *begging* for forgiveness. She doesn't have the money to pay it off either but the fact that I've been lying for so long is going to enrage her. There will be screaming and crying. I'm afraid I might get kicked out.

I have been looking for a new job in that time, applying for things in the paper and online. I had one job interview for a library but I didn't get it. I went to a staffing place today to look for something, but of course that's not going to get me the money I need tonight, and there's still the fact that I've spent over 4 months LYING about everything.

I worked from home in my room so they don't even really realize anything is wrong, except for the fact that I'm still super depressed.

I'm so scared to talk to my mom. She's the type of person that makes you feel ashamed for even your smallest fuckups, and it terrifies me to think what she would say if I told her what I've done. I didn't tell her in the first place I was fired because I was scared of her. She won't physically hurt me, never that, but my depression and anxiety are so bad that I am physically sick even considering going over to her room and talking to her.

I know I'd break down crying, that I wouldn't even be able to speak barely (if at all). I know it would take forever to get it out and I know her first response would be, "WHAT?!" and she will never trust me again. I don't deserve her trust.

I want to be dead so I don't have to deal with this fallout. I've tried taking too many pills twice in the past couple months but they weren't particularly potent things (both made me a bit physically ill for a few days). I didn't talk to anybody about it because it wasn't truly a cry for help. I don't want to be alive anymore. I don't know how to fix this besides coming clean and that thought is less scary than being dead. How do I fix this?

What do I do?

I partly want to go to the hospital and try to check myself in, but 1) I don't have insurance, 2) my parents will still find out what happened, and 3) it would just be accruing more debt to deal with once I'm out. Would they even keep me long enough for me to feel better at least with no insurance? 

I don't think there's anything that can help me right now. I know I should be talking to my mom, I **know** I should, but I just want to lay down and sleep and pretend this isn't happening. I'm so tired and I feel really sick right now. I can't take this. 


This is literally entirely my fault, all of this was preventable, yet my compulsive hiding from the issues at hand just fucked me over way worse than anything else could've ever done.