I don't know what to doMy parents have been abusing me ever since I was little. Every day when they come back to work they yell at me, telling me how useless I am and should go kill myself. They used to beat me with hard plastic or a belt but it stopped for a while. I haven't been beaten in a few months, but the words don't stop. They used to throw me out on the doorstep of the house and lock the door if I was crying so that the neighbors can see how disgusting I am. 

My dad had an "accident" with me and chipped one of my front teeth to the gum line and fucked up the rest of my teeth. There was blood everywhere but he just stared at me. I got braces eventually as well as a replacement for my chipped tooth, but the memory is still there. A lot of things happened in my room which makes it hard to sleep in it sometimes.  

I have a brother which they only yelled at once. It's clear that they love him and not me. He's the perfect little son they always wanted. Always going to school, never sick, goes out all the time with friends, has perfect grades, etc. He knows about what happens to me, but says nothing and is most likely on my parent's side- I mean I've been hard to deal with ever since I was little. My parents told me that I used to scream for nothing in the middle of the night. They took me to a doctor and found nothing wrong with me. 

I never made any friends in school. I did have perfect grades for the majority of school despite my parents constantly abusing me. I cracked a few years ago and slowly stopped attending school. At first it was odd days here and there, then it turned into weeks, months, and eventually I missed 2 school years. I'm currently age 17. It's against the law for anyone under the age of 18 to miss school where I live. The only reason I managed to skip so much is because of my therapist. She managed to enroll me into something called "homebound" where you can do schoolwork from home instead of attending school. Since I'm still a minor, my therapist said I could call Child Protective Services if things get extremely bad. 

I've been seeing my therapist for almost a year and she says I've been improving immensely. I have another appointment with her next week but I'm at my breaking point. Yes I know there is a future if I try, but I'm sick of everything. My parents thew me into a mental institution when I was 14-15 and never visited me for the 2 weeks I was there.

Sometimes my parents are nice, sometimes they're horrible. I don't know what to think about them because of that. 

I don't know how much more I can handle.