Going Through a Rough TimeBreakup

So about 2 months ago, I broke up with my girlfriend over quarantine because it just wasn’t working out for me. I am a high school senior and she was a junior so it really wasn’t going to last. When we were in school together we were involved in the same things. We were leads in the musical, crucial parts to the show choir, and leads in chambers. Considering how close we were we had a very closely knit friend group of about 6 guys and 3 girls.

When I broke up with her, she said that she didn’t want to see me at her parties or invite me to any, but the people in the friend group were pressuring her to invite me and she felt stressed. So I decided it would be best to leave the group chats and postpone my attendance to the parties for a little while so that she could keep her mental stability up. This went on after 6 missed parties and 3 months of staying home.

I learned that she was making tik toks and jokes about how I was a terrible boyfriend and made cruel jokes about me. I kindly asked her to stop as it hurt my feelings. She took down the social media posts, but then continued to block me on every social media so I wouldn’t “snitch”.

Just last night I decided it might be time for me to go to a party with my friend group for old times same. This was the first one I went to where she was there, and quite frankly my first group hangout in months. My friend warned me before she came that she was going to be wearing a skimpy swimsuit and provocative clothing to try and make me jealous as he had read it in a group chat(which she did). I had done nothing about it and treated her like a friend.

When I went to bed at around 3am I got woken up at 5am by my ex and 2 other guys talking. And for an hour and a half I heard them talk shit about me and degrade my personality. For example, I am terrible in bed, I am way too confident and it is a bad thing, and I talk too much about PCs and I bore people.

At that time I got up and left the party to go home and work outside to get my mind off of it. I have been in a rough place recently and I need people that can just talk or understand what’s happening because I always feel alone. I’ve never posted here before. Please help me...