I'm tired.The life story is too long for me to bother writing up. But to make it short, went through abuse as a child and teenager. There isn't a day in my childhood that I can recall being good. It was constant physical abuse from my dad until I was 13 or 14 when my mom had a mental breakdown and my father kicked her out. He then played me like a fiddle through physiological abuse to use me as a weapon against my mom, the only person who ever defended me in life.

When I was 19 my dad kicked me out a month after I finished school and I moved in with my mom who I hadn't seen for five years at the other side of the country. She'd suffered a lot with substance abuse. My stepdad, while not abusive, did not care to understand my mental health issues and was emotionally draining.

I'm 21 now. I moved out in February before covid. It's just been two years now since I was kicked out. I've tried a few techniques to die but never committed. I want to kill myself but I don't want the possibility of surviving and ending up with brain damage and having to live through more of a living nightmare.

I had gathered prescription medicines my mother was one over the year I lived with her. They guarantee death. I would sometimes look at them and decide otherwise because I didn't know they could kill me, I thought they'd just damage my brain or bldy. My most recent attempt on Thursday morning last week ruined all that.

I drank myself silly and tried to suffocate myself with a plastic bag after cutting my arm up like it was a chopping board. For some ungodly reason I phoned an ambulance. I gave them permission to tell my mom where I was but I forgot to tell them to not tell about certain details. They found out about the pills.

When I got home my house was searched by my mum and brother, the landlady had let them in. They didn't find the pills but they turned up when I got home and demanded I get them. My mum was angry, not a helpful reaction. Told me the pills would've killed me before an ambulance could even leave the hospital and she flushed them there and then.

My entire view on everything hasn't hanged at all. My mom hasn't phoned me since Monday and I didn't get a follow up call from the doctors. I've been forgotten again and honestly I don't care anymore. I want to die. My next method will probably be my last.