Abortion has driven me over the edgeI just want my baby back. That's all I want. I want the chance to take it back but I know I'll never get that. 
I'll never see my child.
I'll never hear my child talk. 
I'll never be able to think in my head, "That's my kid" when they do something like me. 

I will live with the fact that I killed my kid for the rest of my life. For what? FOR OTHER PEOPLE. Because I couldn't just stand up for what I wanted. Because I was scared. Because I didn't want to judged on being 18 and pregnant. 

I just want my baby. I loved it so much. I loved being pregnant. I loved touching my stomach and having little "conversations" with my baby. 

I had an abortion on April 28th 2015, I was 9 weeks along. I looked at my ultra sound and it was quite possibly the cutest thing I ever laid eyes on. What an adorable rat-looking-baby -thing... It was so weird and so cute. I walked back out into that waiting room and tried to maintain my "strength". 
" I can't just walk out, I've wasted all these nurses time. "
" I can't just walk out, my boyfriend is at home and he's trying to sleep. "

I was already suicidal before this, being placed into a mental hospital August of last year. I worked thru those problems and got better to the point where I didn't think about suicide. At all. 

But I just can't deal with this anymore. I'm already going to hell, might as well make an express ticket. 

Everyday is harder because I have to take care of my boyfriend's kids. The 3 year old looks to me as his mom because his real mom is a piece of shit who doesn't know how to act like an adult. She gets to have her child and not even take care of it. I get pregnant and the first thing my boyfriend is for is an abortion. He would go on to say that he "supports me with whatever I decide" but of course I knew he wanted an abortion. 

These kids already have enough half siblings, I shouldn't be selfish and bring in my own. 

I was all alone in that waiting room. I'm all alone in my grief. "There's no point in thinking about the impossible."

If one of his kids died (God forbid) he would wish he had them back every single second of every single day... But I miss my child and the best I get is a sweeter version of "get over it". 

I want my kid. I won't have my child. Living is literally fucking hell so I just want to end it sooner. I killed my own fucking child, as much as I want to blame it on someone else... I did it. 

The only thing stopping me is I don't have my weapon of choice. The last time I was going to use a gun, I don't have a gun here. I want it to be final. I want it to be quick.


Sorry that this is all over the place... I just can't function properly, everything is so jumbled...