I deserve to die.I'm using a throwaway for this because there's so much that I hate to admit.

I don't know where to start. I've posted here on my regular account but there is just so much going on right now I'd rather stay more anonymous than usual.

I am a terrible person. My mental illnesses have absolutely destroyed me. I have an eating disorder, addiction issues, ADD, misophonia, depression, social and general anxiety, and newly found out I have borderline personality disorder. Which makes sense. Plus when I'm on my period (which I am rn) my mood gets soooo much worse. So basically I horribly PMS throughout my entire cycle and it's just the worst. 

I have uncontrollable anger issues. When I lash out I say awful things that I don't mean. The smallest things can trigger me and I just go ballistic. I hurt the people I love the most. They don't deserve it. I have lost so many people because of my negativity, even the ones I haven't treated like shit didn't want anything to do with me anymore because I'm such a terrible person and just shitty to be around. 

I wanted, and still want, so much out of life. I used to be an artist. I wanted to go to art school. I quit painting and drawing because I am so depressed and I think I suck at it. I'm going to take some art classes next semester at community college anyway (I failed the couple of classes I took last year, sociology and math, because I was so frustrated, overwhelmed, and unmotivated that I couldn't learn it). I don't expect anything to come out of taking the art classes, I might even just feel worse realizing once again how untalented I am. But I thought it might be worth a shot. Just one last shot at something productive. Sometimes I write. I want to be an actress. But I just can't work for it. I've always been a quitter. A loser. I am a failure and I will continue to be one until the day I die. 

I DO deserve to die. I know it. But I can't kill myself because I know that no matter how awful I am, my family and few friends still love me and would miss me and be devastated if I did. I've hurt them too much already. I love them so so so much but I know the things I say and do have damaged every relationship I've ever had.

I want a girlfriend badly, I want friends so badly, but recently came to terms with the fact that I am just meant to be alone. I'm toxic and no one deserves someone as shitty as me in their life. Im the worst and I can't stand it. It hurts so bad hearing about and seeing people with their friends and significant others and I just have no one because my couple of friends and my family don't understand me. I don't even understand me.

I fantasize about suicide all day every day. Slitting my wrists, jumping off a bridge, hanging myself, overdosing, drowning, suffocating, driving off a cliff. I don't know if I'll ever do it for real - I once tried to overdose but panicked and went to the hospital and stayed in a psych ward - but maybe if someone close to me dies I will do it for real. I'd go crazy if I lost someone I love so much. I don't know. I'm a coward. I don't know how to be independent. I am scared to die but I don't wanna feel so alone in life forever. 

I am stupid as FUCK. I am ugly. I am awkward, my body is disgusting, including the fact that I'm covered in scars from burning and cutting and clawing my skin. I'm crazy, I'm unstable, I'm cruel, I'm lazy, I'm constantly in awful physical and emotional pain. I cry at the drop of a hat and can't take criticism. I'm broken. I can't leave the past behind. I have nothing to give to the world. I hurt myself on purpose by bingeing and purging and bruising and cutting and taking more meds than I need (otc shit that'll hopefully slowly kill my organs because I deserve it) and it puts stress on not only me but everyone who knows about it. I know I'm not fat but I still want to lose a lot of weight because maybe I'll just fucking disappear or hopefully die. The stress I'm under, the stress I put myself through, is undoubtedly going to induce a heart attack or stroke or something. I'm a lesbian, and pretend to be so proud of it and open and sometimes I am sort of ok with it.... but deep down I HATE myself for not liking guys too and that makes me a terrible person because that's homophobic. I'm every single awful thing you can be summed up into one person. 

I'll stop now because I'm just throwing a huge pity party. If no one reads this i don't blame anyone because it's pathetic and boring. I'll probably delete it later because I'm so ashamed to admit any of this. 