I'm 12 years old and I want to die on my birthday.Hullo, I know using media's like reddit at this age isn't very wise or recommended so I'm sorry for that. I just wanted to say that it's not because I hate this world or anything, I love it so much. I love seeing my family and all the colors that surround me when I open my eyes. I love all the people in my life, all the little things to do, I love figuring this world out by myself, I love creating stories in my head, and I love everyone and everything so much. I just find it all so beautiful. 
   I was born on the seventh of December, which is tommorow. I have a huge test and everything. I've never once celebrated my birthday in my entire life because I'm stuck in some nasty cult. Even though I love my family very much, they've done mean things to me and it really overwhelms me. My life is in no way bad though, it's just that my mind is treating me harshly. I love to draw and I guess that's really it. The thing is though, my friend doesn't even acknowledge it. It makes me feel horrible and I think I've given up drawing, something I wanted to dedicate my life to. I've also been preforming poorly at school. I'm a 7th grade all honors student but I'm doing so bad because I can't drive myself to turn in my work. It so easy but so difficult to get myself to do. I feel so tired and I just wanna stay in my bed all day, all I do is eat and gain weight making me fatter and fatter. I lack so much motivation and I feel sick. I'm deprived of sleep and sometimes I just sleep through half the day. Everything is so much harder to do. My head feels so empty and blank and it just makes me feel bad. I feel so awful and I can't take it anymore, I don't care as much as staying alive but I also don't want to possibly affect anyone in my life or 'encourage' suicide at my school. It's possible that this could just be puberty but I just don't want to continue anymore and I don't know how I can deal with life if I can't even withstand puberty. I'm thinking of overdosing on medication and I think I might do it soon. I really needed to vent and say this so I'm sorry if it's long.