That piece of rope is becoming seductive.I fucking hate the household that I live in and I have always felt so alienated in my life. My dad is the biggest narcissist douche I have ever had the displeasure of meeting. He's Norwegian and my mom is Korean and she gave up her job to move to Norway to raise me and my sister. She's the only thing in my life that keeps me from killing myself as I cannot bear to think of how she would react if she found my corpse. My dad is such a fucking ungrateful prick and calls her a Korean animal and he hasn't done anything for me in my life. All of my hobbies and a lot of my needs were provided by my mother even though she uses what little money she has from her savings. My dad on the other hand, always complained about money and would never financially assist me in my interests. He's also estranged from his two children from his ex-wife, my uncle and my aunt (his siblings) can't stand him and that's why we never see our families anymore. Hell, this family consisting of my mother, sister and my father is so fucking toxic that I want to get away, but I can't.

I can't get away because my grades are so poor. I made the worst decision of my life two years ago by picking the I.B programme which is two years of mental torture where I am forced to do university level of schoolwork because I was naive enough to think it would suit me. I had several mental breakdowns which lead to me handing in an assignment that was plagiarized and now I am being suspended for 3 days. Even before that, I had a contact teacher student meeting where I got comments by the teachers on my performance. Not one teacher had anything positive to say about me, they all told me I was lazy and that I would essentially never amount to anything. I still have so many deadlines and at this point, I don't even think that I will graduate highschool.

A few days ago, I bought myself a thick piece of rope. When I hold it in my hands I can feel it glowing, almost as if it is trying to talk to me. I can't stand it anymore, I feel so trapped and hopeless. I have reached my breaking point and I wake up everyday stressed out about what's next. If this is only the beginning of life's journey, then I have no intentions of experiencing the rest. The only thing I look forward to now is to exit this world and finally be at peace.
