I can't take it anymoreThis is my first time typing something here and this might be long. I'm sorry if so.

I've been depressed for the past few years now. I'm 19 years old and right now I just feel like utter shit, like I'm hopeless and I cannot do one thing right that will make my parent(mother) be happy of me. I would say this started when I was in middle school, I got a bad grade in some class, I explained to my dad(who was on drugs on that time). He gets mad, grabs one of the medium-sized Jamaican heads we had in our home and he hits me with it. The next day I go to my school therapist to discuss what happened. Now before I had no idea what CPS was, but according to her what my father did was enough to make the call.

So she calls, later on when I get home my mom calls me into her room. And instead of understanding my choice she blatantly bashed me, telling me that I was the one in the wrong, not my father. I was ignored and treated like shit for months and I never once, even now, received something that made me feel my choice was okay from them.

Now into high school. At a young age my mom put me into track and field, a sport that I had a lot of talent in, even making it into the JO(Junior Olympics). However due to issues w/ money, my mom, bro, and I had to move to another city. Long story short I did pretty shitty in track, I still have no idea why. While I was good in track and received many calls about colleges wanting me in their school, it just wasn't...me. I was only doing it for my mother because I know how happy it made her. But one night after a track meet she yelled and screamed about how I was "embarrassing" her - as if she was the one running her ass off and trying to impress her daughter. So that was it. I told her I quit and I just didn't nothing. 

My grades dropped sorely and I even ran to my HS therapist to tell her I wanted to kill myself. She calls my mom, who glares at me as if again, I was the one in the wrong, then swiftly leaves. I spend time in a mental institute, get out a few days later only for my mom to immediately tell me how disappointed she is of me. 

During the span on my senior year and now, I have thought of suicide many many times, but only actually did an action twice. My last one was last May and I OD'd. I was in the mental hospital for a  week and only received visits from my father and my aunt(who I haven't spoken to for even seen prior for years). But guess who wasn't there for me? Right. My mother.

Just last week I told my mother I wanted to drop out of college because I literally had to motivate myself to go. Example, I would lie to her saying the class got canceled when it actually wasn't. I was tired of trying to make her and others proud of me. Instead I wanted to do something that would make MYSELF happy. Oddly enough, before she said I could do anything I wanted to do. And now that I actually decide it's just a giant shitstorm. She blackmails me about taking away my only connection to online friends(my irl friends abandoned me the moment I moved despite me sending texts to them). It was just around 15 minutes ago she called me into her room asking me what I did. I tell her since I'm depressed I stayed in bed and cried. However I did call a company for their app and prepared to send it to them tomorrow.

But no, she yells, tells me I won't get that job. Long story short, she wants to control my life and I won't let her. I've been under her roof since I was born, and don't get my wrong I would LOVE to move out. However I do not currently have a job so I cannot support myself. I cannot even explain how frustrated I am. I fear that if she takes away my laptop, not only will I lose contact with my only friends but I won't be able to write anymore(something that I've done for nine years). I've definitely thought about suicide again, however my friends and my father makes me push away that. But I admit the thought of never having to see my mother again or listen to her put me down makes me feel so good.

At this point I feel nothing for her. She could literally have a heart attack and I won't care. Why should I? She's never been there for me. She's never causes me any sort of happiness, in fact she's a big reason why I've wanted to kill myself. According to her I'm always in the wrong, me me me. And I'm so tired. I'm mentally exhausted and I just want to go away forever to a place where I don't have to worry about things any longer. I don't even know what a mother's love feels like and I really want to. I want her out of my life and I want it asap. 

Please help me, anyone. I don't know what else I have to do. 