I feel like the world's biggest failure.This is difficult for me to write, especially seeing as it is really going to sound like I just want people to feel sorry for me. No, I don't. I don't talk to people in real life hardly at all, and if anything, this is just me trying to tell SOMEONE what I feel. I am a gay, 24 year old male, and I have the most wonderful, supportive and loving partner anyone could ever ask for. He's the only thing that keeps me afloat right now. If not for him, I would have offed myself already.  


Why do I feel like a failure?  


I am 24 and I am JUST NOW learning how to drive. My parents, as I was growing up REFUSED to allow me behind the wheel. I wasn't allowed to go to Drivers ed in high school, and I wasn't allowed to try for a permit. Then, as I got old enough to make my own decisions, my anxiety reaaaally kept me back. I won't lie, its mostly my fault its taken this long. I'm scared of driving. I have nightmares where I crash and it kills my boyfriend, or kills someone else or myself. I can't drive but these teens who have rich parents and get a lamborghini for their 18th birthday can drive? Even stupid people can drive. Why is it so hard for me?  


I admit it. I get jealous of others when it comes to career. I always had high hopes for my future as a kid. I have an associates degree in business administration, and it's so far proved completely useless. I work at a factory, which on a positive note pays a good bit more than I was making working 5 years at a dead end retail job that only promoted people who kissed butt. I don't kiss butt. I work, I work very hard. So why then, was I hired at this factory making $13 an hour (originally 11, but my boss seems to appreciate my ethic and promoted me rather quickly) and I have a degree and management experience, but then people who don't even have a diploma and have worked at mcdonalds all their life get hired making $16 and up? I don't have to make $100,000 a year to be happy. I just want to be able to support myself.  


That's another big thing. Supporting myself. I live in a state where living prices are kinda at the median, not ridiculously high, but not very low either. Anything I would be able to afford on my own would be in Crimesville and Drugtown. What about my boyfriend working? Well, let me just say that he was originally from another country (the UK). Yes, he is currently here legally, don't worry, but he does not yet have the right to work in America. We have hired a lawyer to get that straightened out though, which is just another expense piled onto all my other bills. Credit card payments, rent, utilities.   


I currently live with my parents of course, what loser doesn't? But apparently they've hit some real rough patches and have decided to part ways. This is really bad for everyone in the house. My dad is disabled and can hardly even walk on his own, yet he demands he live alone. My mother is old and vulnerable, and I'm terrified some crazy drug head might try to take advantage of a defenseless, older woman who is obviously alone. My parents, after all this time have told me basically "we don't want you around anymore, you're an adult, figure it out".  


I would love to, but at $13 an hour, I can't support two people, are you kidding me? Not only that but 24 or not, my parents splitting up does upset me. I've come to forgive them over time, they abused me terribly as a child (not gonna go there) and now all of a sudden its just f\*\*k you again. Yes, I know I sound very selfish right now for worrying about me and my bf and not my parents, and I'm sorry. I'm just scared. I'll be homeless, I don't care, I just want my boyfriend to be safe and happy. That's all I want.  


Does this sound like I'm just being childish? If it does, just tell me.   


I grew up being told my opinion does not matter. No one cares about if I'm sad or not. In fact, they get angry at me if I seem depressed, I just hear "get over yourself". That's why I don't talk to anyone. I am a quiet person and I don't go out with friends much, because literally 100% of my closest friends are online friends. How sad is that? I have no friends. I stay in my bedroom with my bf and we are happy when we are together. Playing video games, watching movies, I'm happy with him, I really do love him with all my heart. But that fear of all this stuff crashing down on my head at once, parents divorcing, trying to move up the ladder at work, everyone else is successful and I'm not, I can't drive (well, I can, but its veeeery difficult and I don't feel safe on the road with other drivers yet), I'm just so tired of it. My sister is 21, she was an A student in high school. I was A's and B's. That, in my parents eyes made her better.  


When we both graduated, My sister was immediately told by my parents that they would help her through school and she didn't have to work. I had to work. "We need help with the bills". Okay, so I worked full time, and went to school part time. I'd get home after 12 hour shifts and go to college for another 4. But while I had some setbacks, I made it through school. My parents did not come to my graduation because they "were tired". I left my graduation early and just accepted my paper and left, telling them there was an emergency. There was no emergency, I was just...well mostly pissed to be honest, but also sad. Nowadays, my sister is heavily addicted to drugs. She got involved with some lowlife douche of a boyfriend who introduced her to the stoner life. That's all she does now.  


She's still the favorite somehow though. My parents don't worry about me. I wanna talk to them about something that bothers me? All I get are sighs and the occasional "ugh". Otherwise, I am not even given the dignity of a response. They just do. not. care. what I have to say. But then, my sister got into the goth scene (sorry, should have mentioned this was a little earlier before we graduated) and thought it was cool to do that cutting your own arm thing. My sister admitted to me AND my parents that she wasn't depressed, she just thought that cutting made her look cool.   


"OH GAWD OUR POOR BABY, WE BETTER DROP THOUSANDS ON HER FOR THERAPY SHES SO MISUNDERSTOOD AND NEEDS LOVE AND SUPPORT".  


come on man. Really? I'm old enough to know the difference between favoritism and "sibling rivalry".  


God...I've already covered way too many subjects for this post. I'm done, I'm sorry. I just have sooooo much to think about, and sometimes, suicide sounds really nice. Don't have to worry about it anymore. It's not like anyone would miss me. As I said, no friends, parents don't care. Of course I know it would hurt my boyfriend, and I do think about that. I do. It's the only reason I haven't done it.   


I went out a few months ago and purchased a shotgun. I bought it literally for the sole purpose of using it when I was ready. I just haven't had that need yet. It's the only gun I own and I don't need any more. My boyfriend knows why I bought it. It upsets him. He wants me to get rid of it, but I haven't yet.  


I don't know what to do, reddit. If this is all a bunch of bull and I'm just being an idiot and crying about nothing, please, go ahead and tell me. It wont hurt me. I just need to know the truth.

&amp;#x200B;