Lost all hopeHello,

i apologize in advance for any mistakes. English is not my native tongue.

I am not sure why i am writing here. Maybe it is because i have always liked writing and writing is the only way for me to express my feelings. Maybe i just want someone to read what i am thinking even if they don't understand me. I think i have finally lost all hope. A few days ago i drove to a very high bridge. At night there is little to no traffic and i climbed over the small fence at its edge to look down into the darkness. Couldn't even see the bottom. I didn't jump because i was too scared. Not too scared to die, but scared that the fall wouldn't kill me and only leave me more crippled than i already am. I have a lot of experience with hospitals and i don't want to go back there. I have written a suicide note weeks ago and have put my affairs in order. I thought looking down and not deciding to jump would be the end of it, but i feel like going back there. Like it is inevitable.

I am 30 years old and this will not be my first attempt at suicide. The last attempt was 12 years ago and i thought i was over that sort of thing. But it turns out i am not. I am back where i started and i don't see any reason to go on anymore. I feel a little ashamed to tell you, that i have survived stage 4 cancer, when most people don't. I have had 4 tumors over the last couple of years and my body looks like i have been in a war zone. I am asking myself why i have even bothered to put myself through the treatment at all, because it felt like hell on earth. And now i am feeling even worse and i don't want to go on anymore.

I have always been one of those hopeless romantics who feel, that one day they will meet "the one". I like to think of myself as fairly smart and know how silly the thought is, but i just can't help it. I just feel that way. Or maybe i should say felt. Because i have met her and it didn't go the way i had always hoped it would go. She was the first woman i ever fell in love with. Idiot that i am i always thought, that when i would finally meet "the one" all the pieces would fall into place. But it was nothing like that. Instead our "relationship" was pure torture. Maybe for both of us. Not at first of course, but it got there very quickly. And now i am devastated and without hope.

You will probably think "oh god, another one who just got his heart broken and thinks the world has come to an end. Get over yourself". And maybe you are right. There are probably people out there who are far worse off than me. Doesn't change how i feel though. I have never had many friends, always been the outcast. I used to think, that i enjoyed being lonely and i had almost given up hope to find someone when i met her. To me it was a total surprise that i could really love someone that much. That kind of contradicts my statement about being a romantic, but being lonely my entire life i kind of questioned if i would really find someone after all. And know that i have lost her i am convinced that there is nothing left for me in this world. Nothing good ever happens to me and even when i find "the one" it is just another way for life to kick me in the nuts. Maybe my first suicide attempt didn't fail after all and i am already in hell. After all the things that have happened to me in the past 12 years i am almost sure of it. I guess i will find out when i finally find the courage to jump.