I think I’m going to kill myselfI think I’m going to kill myself even though I’ve been trying so hard not to. I only have a few more days until I move into supported living, I thought I could keep my shit together until I’m around people who can actually help but I’m really struggling. I’m doing everything to try and not do it but I’m in so much pain. I can feel myself falling deeper and deeper into the abyss that is my depression, I can’t seem to find any other way out.
I tried telling my CPN but she just dropped the subject after I said I hadn’t hurt myself. I tried to tell her how bad it is but it’s like she couldn’t hear me. I also tried to tell my Psychiatrist but she also ignored me after I said I’d only hurt myself a wee bit, I only did it to try and stay in control. I feel like nobody can hear me anymore. It used to be that people forgot about me all the time and now it’s as if I literally have no voice. I feel like I’m turning into a ghost. I wish I was a ghost. I wish and half expect people to walk right through me. It’s like I hardly exist anymore. I’ve tried reaching out for help for years and people have always been completely unable to help or they’ve just ignored me. I’m trying not to kill myself and I think I need help. I feel like if I had a physical illness, I would be in the ICU close to passing right now. I don’t know where to turn. If I go to the hospital, they’ll just treat me like I’m a stupid little kid. They’ve always been so patronising when I’ve been in the past, saying things like: “Your so young, you’ve got your whole life ahead of you”, “Don’t you know/care about what this would do to your family? 
I can’t turn to my family because they think I’m pathetic, that I need to get my shit together. Every time I’ve had a breakdown in the past they’ve always said: “Why would you do this to us?, “What’s wrong with you?, “Why are you so selfish?
I can’t turn to my friends because I don’t want to burden them with my shit. They shouldn’t have to deal with me.
I’m alone. 