Sitting Around, Waiting to DieMy God, life is so boring. Hardly anything can keep my attention too long anymore. Reading is boring, TV is disgusting and boring, games are boring. I'm sick of just sitting around, waiting to die. 



I have no ambitions, no wants, no plans, nothing. I don't want a job. I don't even have a license to go get one. Basically the epitome of an 18 year old loser mouching off of his retired mom until gets sick of me and kicks me to out onto the streets... Or more accurately, the gravel roads of Hillbilly hell.

The counselor says I need a job so I can keep myself from starving, but if I'm only living to not be dead, what's the point? It's work for no reason. I don't care about money. I'd be just as miserable begging for food in a ditch as I would with millions of dollars I'd have no want to spend. 


I don't want to hear the internet's hedonistic, nihilistic bullshit answers of "Live for pleasure, live for other people, etc" There are no pleaaures that interests me in this hell hole earth. Not travel, not sex, not even food anymore. And I don't know anybody worth helping, serving, etc. There are hardly any good people in this disgusting world. The world really deserves to just burn to the ground.  


As I've been growing up, all my friends have changed so much. They've become jaded pieces of shit. Maybe I sound like that lil' bitch Holden Caulfield (the book is garbage), but adulthood has ruined all of the people I cared about. 



My family, even if they try to care for me, just piss me off so much. I want nothing to do with them. Death would be a welcomed way to get away from them. 


Some of my "friends" had me thrown into the torture rooms known as mental hospitals against my will and I'm still pissed about it... It was two months ago. It's my life. I can throw it into the trash if I want. What happened to America being the most free place on Earth?


I'm done with this crap. I won't kill myself tonight or even tomorrow. But I just can't wait to die at some point.