Question (poll?) -- chronically suicidalTo the mods--or anyone else reading, I guess: how many people on this sub are going through an acute crisis--first episode, worsening of chronic depression, triggered by something like a breakup, death of a loved one, job loss, etc--versus are chronically suicidal from lifelong treatment-refractory depression? 

I respond to in-crisis posters if I think I have something helpful to say--I did the same as a volunteer for the Boston Samaritans phone line &gt; 20 years ago--but I don't really bother posting about myself, and sometimes I wonder if I'm the only one like that. I've been on meds for 25+ years, in therapy for longer, have run the gamut of treatments but failed everything, so it's not like I need any intervention of the type most posters seek. The years of hysterical screaming, sobbing suicidal crises ended long ago, and now the engineers in my brain are just standing around kicking the rubble and trying to figure out how to best carry away the debris. I already have a petition with Dignitas; I'm wondering whether I'm the only one here who's accepted and prepared for their death several years ago and is just tying up the loose ends now?

*Please* ... no "it will get better" or "every life is valuable" or {hugs} or "if you need someone to talk to, feel free to PM me" or "death isn't the answer, you don't know what might be next" or "if you're posting here, that means you haven't made up your mind" responses. I'm sure you mean well, and that might help other people, but I'm 40, have been dealing with this my entire life, have had a plan, a backup plan, and a backup for my backup plan for decades, have 2 psychiatrists and 2 therapists, just finished yet another useless round of PHP and IOP, and have tried 40+ med combos and all the other things like TMS (3 times in 6 years) and ketamine (for a year, until my savings ran out), as well as clinical trials. If you're thinking about responding with a med or supplement that helped you and you think I should try, please don't, because I've already tried it: I know best practices, putative off-label meds and dietary supplements, and what's in the 5-year FDA pipeline because that was my career and I was at the cutting edge of it. I stay current with pre-publication data and am on 3 early access drugs along with a bunch of FDA-approved ones. I've already tried every med, treatment, and supplement. 

I'd just like to know if I'm the only one who's spent the past months or years metaphorically (or literally) staring down the barrel of a gun and have made peace with the approaching bullet and know the due-by date. 

If there are other people out there--what have you done to prepare, and what last-minute things do you have left to do? Are you looking at days, weeks, months, or years? Is there anything you still need to say? Anything you still need to finish?

Tx