This sub is cool.  I'm glad it exists.Hi folks.  Despite the fact I've seen SW stuff in lots of other places (postsecret, commercials, billboards, etc., even 4chan), I'm glad this exists.
I don't know if it's the population pressures or the stress of our modern lives or what but it's a real problem and I'm glad there's people out there with big enough hearts to help.  It's a dark topic that most people would rather just pretend doesn't exist, until it's too late.

A lot of people go through suicidal periods, or have really difficult teenage years that eventually get better.  Sometimes they have "cries for help" where they cut or take pills or otherwise "fail" at something you should never succeed.  I admit I envy those people.  There's a painful "drama queen" undercurrent that decries their pain as attention-seeking.  And I would say to those people, thank God if it is!  The alternative is worse.

The alternative is me.  I'm one of the quiet ones.  I'm not even sure why I'm posting this.  Hell, I'd even use my main name if I didn't know from previous experience that being honest is a good way to scare people, make them avoid you, not trust you, and leave you.

I'm not even sad, really.  I'm just tired.  really, insanely tired all the time.  You have no idea how tired I am.

And I don't do anything to feel tired - I'm jobless now, my work ethic sucked even before then.  The only things I ever desired enough to overcome my life-exhaustion were games and, for two years,  the girl I loved.

She was seven years younger than me, still in college.  We had a great time until one day out of the blue she said she didn't love me.  Neither of us cheated, weren't abusive, or any other horror story you hear - anything else that gives a *reason* - no.  She just fell out of love, and I didn't.  So then it was back to just the games.
And then those didn't cut it anymore.  Energy dropped low enough to stop doing even that.  No more video games, board games, D&amp;D sessions...too tired.

So let me warn you guys about the quiet ones.

If you notice a friend who sells everything he owns, drops his lease, and announces an overseas trip to "soul-search"...well, he or she is probably telling the truth.  But maybe not.

I know what you're saying - and I agree.  There are no good reasons and I will be hurting a lot of people.  I tried to cut as many ties as possible but some, like family or friends who are like family, are impossible.  It's horrifying.  Death isn't romantic either.  Nor is there any guarantee of an afterlife or whatever.

I wish I could say I wasn't looking forward to it.  And I'm not in any positive way.  It's not a solution for any sane, genuine, or good person.

There are some you can't help - but you HAVE to try, because there are so many you can!  I get that.  So many people that can go on to help others and do amazing things with their lives.

I'm sorry I'm so tired.  I think our lives are like muscles - the more they get exercised, the more they strain and break and strive for greatness, the more they grow back stronger than before, better able to endure what life throws our way.

I never lived much of a life, so I guess my breaking point is lower than average.  I've been tired for a long time.  I can't wait to see "it get better" anymore, it's been ten years or so and I'm just exhausted from doing nothing in particular.

But you in this subreddit, you've got the biggest hearts - everyone has the potential for acts of beauty but you guys do it in the harshest conditions of the soul, staring into the mirror of your own mortality and all that.  So thanks, to put it inadequately.

The most wonderful and terrifying thing about humanity is simply that it will go on without you.

I'm going to rest soon.  You keep being amazing.