It feels like I'm waiting for my mother to die so I can finally kill myself.I'm only 16 and I think about dying everyday, even when I'm not depressed I still think about it.

I don't know where it all went wrong, maybe it was the day when my father died or maybe it was the day I started skipping out of school and ended up not getting into the gymnasium I wanted to go?

Maybe it was the day I realized I had developed seriously bad social anxiety and that every single time I wanted to go outside with my friends, it just was too much for me.

Maybe I realized that my own laziness is the reason for all this, I can't blame anyone else except myself.

What depresses me even more is when people say shit like "this is typical teenager angst", "you are only sixteen, it's normal to be depressed" or some other variation of the same bullshit.

Fuck anyone who says that, my depression and anger isn't related to my age in any way. It's because this world truly is fucked up and I can't see myself living in it.

I've always lived in a fantasy world, playing videogames, wishing that I lived in games instead of the real world.

I have no motivation to study, to travel, to have fun, to meet friends. I have no motivation for anything except using drugs/drinking alcohol and thinking about killing myself.

Recently I've neglected my friends too. One of the only things to make me want to live, and now it's fading away too. 

I'm slowly losing my friends because of my own laziness/anxiety/depression, whatever the fuck I use as an excuse.

I'm heavily introverted (personality type: INFJ). I feel like I don't belong in this world, I feel like no-one understands me nor how I feel (and yeah this sounds like typical teenager bullshit, I know).

I'm so lost... I don't know what I should do. I can't figure out my future and I can't even see myself living as an adult. I just can't imagine it happening.

And like the title says... the only reason I'm alive is because my mother is. I don't want to cause her more suffering.

When the time comes and my mother passes away, I will kill myself instantly. 

I see no other future for me other than death.