I will never be the best at anythingI know intellectually there are plenty of places in the world for generalists, as well as for specialists who aren't "top of field" (by whose metric?), and that there's no moral or creative imperative to do your preferred cool or good thing COOLER or GOODER than EVERYONE ELSE.

I know chances are high that whatever you like to make will be enjoyed by someone and make their life a little better.  And whatever you're even moderately capable of doing can be of great substance in your community, friend group, organization, whatever.  That all cool stuff in the world is based on networks of small players and to be one of those players should be a point of pride and enough for a sense of self.  That valorizing eXcELLeNcE and pWnAgE and bEiNg tHe VeRy BeSt poisons your mind and self-worth, sets you up to admire assholes, kills your curiosity for other subjects, and, worst of all, fails to incentivize the kind of work that actually makes people's lives better.

And yet COMPETITION and DOMINANCE are buried so deep in our cultural subconscious that my mental illness has taken root in them.  And every time I see someone doing well at what I'd like to do, instead of, "oh cool, I can learn from this," I go straight to, "I will never be this good, I will make an ass of myself if I ever try, I will contribute nothing and then I'll whine selfishly about it while using better people's resources, I'd be more useful dead."  There's infinite room in my empathy to tolerate someone else having a learning process and an aspiration, but me?  No.  I come out the gate perfect or I don't deserve a single word of praise, and I'm irredeemably an embarrassment.

You tell yourself you're a rational person and can control your emotions (see the Geek Social Fallacies).  You try to reason yourself out of the self-hatred and deathwish that only make you LESS useful to humankind.  Hell, this week with some good music I bought myself two upswing days because I know how music helps me.  But I still get anxious thinking about how someone who definitely doesn't remember it frowned at me one time.  I hollow my stomach out with dread if I think a fictional animal on a TV show might be hurt.  I feel gripped with guilt about a rude comment I made at the age of 8.  And today a minor inconvenience left me a sobbing wreck - so much for the upswing.  How well does that bode for the emotionally rocky process of building a new skill?

Best case scenario, I slog through the treatment process and develop ambition for the benefit of a culture hostile to my gender showing that ambition.  It is possible to learn to love your niches and find your people, I've done some work there, but you'll still always be a person who was raised on a ideal you physically cannot meet.  I imagine even the most self-actualized among us gets the occasional reminder that the world wasn't built for them.  But acknowledging that anything could be unfair to me makes me feel extremely whiny, lazy, and ungrateful, so that's fun too.

And for the record I feel like writing all that makes me look like a twat and it's all super obvious - even if I *intellectually* appreciate that obvious isn't always bad.

Sigh.  Good luck with your similar struggles, kids.  I feel obligated to end with a moral but maybe being cathartically pessimistic is one of the skills I need to learn.