I’m not sure if I’m allowed to be depressed over thisSo there’s a lot to unpack here.
The context behind my question starts a really long time ago, and for me, was a pretty weird event of my life. I don’t think I remember some of this correctly, and since my family seems to be pretty broken at its core, I’ll never be able to fill in the blanks with absolute certainty. With this in mind, I’m only going to say the things I remember for a fact - mostly documentation from my journals from that time.

So as a teen, my parents were at war with each other. They both fought a lot and felt that the other parenting was wrong for me. They voiced to me quite often. My mom felt that at some point, my father was abusing me, and I felt scared of my dad. I was really confused as to who to trust at that moment. This lead to many events that feed into my confusion now as an adult. Typically there’s two sides to a story, but in my family dynamic, there’s four: my mothers, step mothers, my fathers, and my own. They all are a little different.  Eventually, I decide to live with my mom. My father side of the family say that I hurt everyone, and I’m responsible for fixing everyone’s hurt feelings towards me.
What made me decide to live with my mom was this, and this is what I told the attorney who relied the information to the judge:
1) When I was 14 I was self harming infrequently. A period of weeks to months  in between these incidents. I used the sharp tips of tweezers or other similar objects and dragged them across my skin. I never got past what looked like a cat scratch. The night before the first day of school my mom caught sight of one on my hip, and decided to call my dad. From there my father gives me a pretty long lecture, it was past midnight when I finally crawled into bed. His decision was that “If I was going to act like someone in a loony bin then I’ll be treated like one.” This meant every night I had to strip down to nothing so that either my mother or step mother can check. For the next two months this occurred. My mother didn’t participate. My step mother did with energy I can’t name, and commented on my scars, saying it was distasteful and people would find them disgusting.
2)My self harm was mostly driven by what I felt at the time was abuse(now I’m not so sure). My father would keep me up for most of the night and then punish me for less than perfect grades- up until freshman year I never had anything below a B. I wrote in journals the feelings I wanted to hide and my father would search my room and find my journal under my mattress. He’s read it and then lectured me on what I wrote. He’s told me ,”how would you feel if I read this after you died?” I wrote creatively as well, he’d read that and state that what I’m writing is the reason I’m sad and I need to be positive. One night he made me stay up until I found one poem that was light hearted - this was hard as poems became my new journal. He’s bragged openly about how he tossed me across the room for saying “I don’t think so” to him. He had spies all around town, that would listen o what I’d say, so he can lecture me about it when he finally picked me up. He left me at fast food restaurants after school for until he got off work (around 6pm). He called my hobbies not normal and that I wanted to replicate my mother and none of them were my own. He and my step mother both read all of my messages on every platform and punished me for things they didn’t like- one day, the day I was sent to the hospital (more on that later) they read a joke I sent to a freshman drama buddy, we were wives in our final (an improv) so I called her my lesbian lover. 

It was when my mother found out that I was being hospitalized that she filed a second time for full custody.
I was taken to a hospital because that night my father and step mother lectured me for hours about a silly message I sent my friend. And then it lead into how was talking to my boyfriend over the phone without permission. After that, I had asked to call my mom, as I wanted to vent and at that point my mother was the only safe space I could put my thoughts- or so I thought. They forced to have the conversation with my mother on speaker phone because they didn’t trust my mother to talk to me in private. My mother calls the cops over this and I tell them I feel unsafe at home. A mediator comes in to my hospital room and asks me questions. She decides I need to be transferred to a children’s psychiatric hospital. I spend 72 hours there (the minimum). 
I was released with papers that had me diagnosed with situational anxiety and depression. Not a threat to myself or others. 
I was not stripped, though I was asked to show my back and extremities to them. I was in okay health and good physical condition. They decided I didn’t need further treatment.
Due to this type of relationship, I pursue full custody with my mother during the second custody battle(two battles after these events). The judge had asked for my personal wishes and I took the opportunity. With my papers from the hospital I’m granted full custody with my mother.

Flash forward to the present. I am an adult. We decide that I should visit them and see if we could mend some things. My step mother and I try to talk and I bring this up, how much it affected me and how me and my therapist feels it feeds into some serious issues. Her response was I deserved every bit of what happened, I was uncontrollable. I ask about stripping me. Her response was that it was her choice, and she would do it again. I mention how it was against my mother’s wishes and she tells me that if it was how she wanted it my mother would have been cut out of my life, and that she felt what she did was right, because its what she would have wanted someone else to do for her daughter. Closing it off with reasons as to why my mother was the problem behind all of this and not my father.
Ones such as convincing me he’s abusive. She’s the reason they owe 6,000$ to the IRS, she let me roam the small city with my friends (as a 15+teen) she’s a friend and not a mother. She feeds my depression.
During this trip, during other conversations she said I was the reason my dad got fat, that I’m the reason why my step sister had relationship issues with my father. I’m the reason she bought a house she didn’t actually want. I’m responsible for fixing this. She blamed me for my dad having a bad record because I falsely accused him of abuse, and I’m the reason people can’t trust him. And I have to fix that. 
She also told me that going to the therapist made her sad, because it meant I wasn’t over it, and that I wanted to remain sad.

So a TLDR: both sides of my family said that the other was bad and abusive/neglectful, 15 year old me chose to live with my mom for lots of reasons, a big one being that I felt stripping me naked every night was not an okay response as to my self harm. They state they were in the right the night I got hospitalized. They claim there was damage dealt with what I told the attorney and it’s my job now to fix it.
Am I just playing victim, were they right all along?thinking about this makes me wanna disappear.