I feel broken from sexual past and it makes me sad and want to not exist.When I was in grade school I had a "girlfriend" and my mom told me it was pointless. As if she was shaming me. This always stuck with me whenever I met someone I liked, and made a huge road block for me in middle school.

When I was about eight I was "raped" by my thirteen year old neighbor. It was a game of truth or dare. At the time I didn't realize it was wrong. Hes doing fine now and in college. At the time of writing this I've learned to forgive him. (he was raped a lot by his uncle) But through out growing up I hated him for it. I'm fine now; I just cant watch transformers with out having a panic attack.

Last year I had a coworker that I hanged out with a bit. We would get high and watch shitty YouTube videos. One time we started to mess around. We didn't even have sex. We hangout one more time and nothing happens. I go to work and school and find out shes been telling people I raped her. I stopped the rumors before they spread. I told people my side of the story. This made me realize that people could do that whenever they want, and that false accusations happen all the time.

A little insight to this girl. She would cut herself and wear short sleeves and show people. In no way am i bashing her for it for that would make me a huge Hypocrite. It just sort of shows though.

This summer I had a friend well call Cindy. I knew Cindy since I've lived in my town. Cindy already had a boyfriend, but my hormonal ass didn't care. We were at the park fucking around with the boombox I had gotten. She kissed me. I kissed back, and we started making out.

She told her friends and her friends told her boyfriend. She was bashed and called a wh\*\*e and other such things. Eventually the bashing hit me, but hardly as bad. This broke my trust. A lot. I strictly do not believe in "don't kiss in tell"

Earlier in the school year this year there was this girl that I fell madly in love with. She also had a boyfriend. She told me that she got pregnant and asked me to get her a test. I work at a pharmacy doing inventory so I get a good discount. Before I gave it to her or her even telling me, we started talking and "sexting".(no photos) She showed me a picture of the pregnancy test and it being positive.

In science class we were doing one of these escape room labs and me and her were partners and got to sit by each other. Because of the theme of the lab it was pitch dark. She wrapped her leg around mine. I was really aroused. She then whispered to me "put your hand up my leg". I started to then stopped. Everything that happened with my old coworker started to come back like a flash. As if it was happening. I started to breath heavy and had to leave for a second. I just couldn't do it, but I really wanted to.

I eventually grew distant from her because of different reasons, but six months later shes not pregnant. I told Cindy this and it turns out that shes faked it before. Why I don't know.

I felt manipulated and used.

I know it seems stupid as a reason for wanting to off myself, but it all broke me. especially my coworker. It left me with trust issues and a broken sexuality. I can't feel "attracted" outside of porn. I've had people ask me out but I've declined out of fear. 

TL;DR I want to fucking die (what'd you expect?)