Posted before. Still not coping....I wanna break down my situation. I know you guys can't help but I need to vent. My partner works in a job he is treated like crap in and hates for little money. He is looking for new work. That's good and I'm proud of him. Me, I have B.P.D, severe depression to the point I don't want to eat or shower for weeks on end. I have endometriosis, which causes me to randomly be in agonising pain. For these reasons, when I left school, instead of getting my first job or living life, I was in and out of hospital, sectioned and having operations etc.. I used to get benefits because my doctor has said I am unfit to work and my partners old job paid well so we got a lovely little flat. We were on the IVF waiting list and we were looking forward to starting our family. Exactly one year after, our tenancy was due to be renewed. We couldn't renew it. My E.s.a (benefit) was cut off a few months before and if we had of continued to live there, we would've not been able to eat or live really at all. We were homeless. A friend has let us live in his old bungalow because he doesn't live here anymore but its technically in his name. But he didn't tell us there were mice, as well as not having heating or hot water. We almost froze to death until a neighbor gave us some spare blankets. We pay all the bills here and electric alone is roughly £90 pm. My partner lost his old job due to depression. He picked himself up, coped so well and found his new job as I said before. I have tried everything I could to get my E.S.A back and keep getting refused. My mental health has deteriorated and my doctor has said I am even worse than I was before mentally and I can't work. However, because we are so miserable and because the council won't help us, I have spent the last nearly 2 years looking for work. I apply to at least 10 jobs a day and in doing that have only had 1 interview in that whole time. I am mentally exhausted and can't have another operation because there is nowhere I would be able to go to recover for the few months after. We have little to no family and those we have have no room for us to stay but try to help when they can. I don't know what to do anymore and struggle daily not to self harm.