I’m done.I (22M) haven’t had an easy life. My life has always been riddled with trauma but I’ve always managed to find my way through. 

At 16, my mother tricked me into going to Africa for holiday and planned to leave me there forever. After 2 years in a country I despised, filled with ignorant regressive people who didn’t know any better I managed to gain back my freedom by convincing my relatives that I shared their beliefs in Islam although I despised the ideology. I prayed more than 5 times a day for a year to convince them, I was even sent to an “Islamic propagation centre” for 6 months and I survived that &amp; im proud of myself. The horrors I faced I could never describe. 

When I landed in England, I knew what I wanted in life. I studied hard and got into a good university. I worked out so hard that I got the ideal body &amp; met plenty of women and generally enjoyed life. 

Now I face new challenges that have overwhelmed me. I broke my jaw over the summer and now I can’t even breathe properly. My cognitive function is impaired, my speech is horrendous and my body is deteriorating. All I’m left with is back pain and a fucked up face. I went from an 8 with absolute confidence to someone who can barely maintain eye contact (because I’m aware of how ugly I am) my lower face has shortened and now all I do is look at old pictures realising il never look like that ever again.

I failed a module at university and now I’ve been withdrawn. my mother has disowned me because I’ve told her im atheist &amp; now I’m in debt, living alone struggling to even cover my rent. I have strong views against religion. My outlook on the world is unconventional. The more I learn about the world, the less I want to be in it. I’m disappointed in myself for giving up but this is simply too much to handle. I can’t imagine living  life with the broken tools I’m left with. Even if I recover academically, I could never live life like a wanted to because of my other impairments.

I’m very opinionated but I like to think I’m open minded. I just can’t stand my phone-fixed peers so I spent most of my time alone at university at the gym or studying etc, never needed anyone. Now that I can’t work out &amp; im no longer studying I realise that I have no one. People were only around me because of the energy I gave off and now the aura is gone. 

Death is something I’ve always pondered during the rough times of my past &amp; I very had plenty of close calls; not on purpose, with the exception being the time I thought I’d never come back to England so I stole my cousins gun and held it up to my held. I didn’t pull the trigger, the weapon was jammed with a larger round in the magazine which I had to remove before I could use it. Whilst doing so, I decided to go on my last ride and stole a motorcycle rode like a kid with a death screaming the pain out. I stopped and had the most intense conversation with myself. Told myself “you’re strong, no matter how hopeless it seems m, you’re strong and you’ll find a way out of this”. 

This time it’s different, I don’t see the end goal. I just see a fucked up chance at existence. What is death besides from a release from existence? 
We tell ourselves stories to make the unknown bearable but I genuinely love it for what it is. A door back to whatever it was before I was conscious. Does anything come afterwards? If you cut the religious bullshit, nobody knows &amp; there’s only one way to find out. It has to be better than this, right? 