a story I want to share with everyone... I am so empty, depressed and suicidal...When I first met her she was sweet and kind will do anything to make me happy, she was my first girlfriend she dug me out of the hole of deep depression and loneliness, I got on the bus to go see her while listening to my favorite track, I finally arrived at the destination next day there she was I hugged her and gave her a kiss we would hold hands while walking and talking about our lives, when we arrived at the hotel she took off her cloths I lost my virginity to her, after we walked and walked holding hands I felt so alive so happy after our date we got back on the bus went back home, my family met her back home and they were so happy my cousin told me he was going to give me an Alaskan Klee Kai as wedding gift ( this was after almost a year of being together) I told him I love to marry her some day I would be so happy and she agreed with me, when it is time to go work she would make me her amazing soups from back in her country, work was stressful, but it was ok I was doing it for her, after work we would cuddle while watching a movie my time her would fly by so fast, then it is bedtime I would hold her and instantly fall asleep... then a few months later she told me she had to fly back to her country because of a family emergency, she said, " just a month, I need to see my family" I told her it was fine, next day she flew back. I waited and waited we would sometime talk on the phone while she was back there, but I knew something wasn't right... she had a daughter and a husband she never told me about, she finally told me about them " I was angry and jealous" she told me she didn't want me to know about them because I didn't want to be angry.... but instead of going back my state to live with me.. she lived with him and his daughter, we would still talk on the phone she said she will never cheat on me... she never came back. I finally met her again after months  and months of waiting she was cold and mean, she didn't even let me touch her I told her" ok never again I am just going to go get drunk and commit suicide she didn't care I got blacked out drunk that day, then I got on the bus back to my home feeling empty and lonely, she called me after a week when I was back home telling me how useless I was how I didn't have money to own a car... I just hung up..... I fucking hate life I work so hard in the cold and heat while going to school barely making enough to survive every day I am so fucking lonely and empty... so here I am sitting in my cold dark room dreading Sunday because I wont have anything to do and I will be so lonely and depressed and fearing Saturday because I am going to get yelled at all day by my fucking coworkers FUCK THEM!!