LimboI just started college a couple of weeks ago. I thought it would be a new chapter in my life. A place where I could meet new people and find the connection I've been searching for, for such a long time. 

Before this, during highschool, my father and I lived together. My parents had a nasty divorce when I was 13 that they are to this day fighting over. I have a brother who I'm very close to, but we don't really like talking about it. No one ever talked about it. Because of this rift, I suddenly found myself living with only my father. My mom moved, my brother left the city, and there I was; Wondering what happened to my family.

This summer, my dad decided to take my brother and I on a trip to Greece, since we hadn't been on vacation with each other for a long time. There was talk about my living situation and how I would be affording college, and how I would find a place to live while we were there that really made the vacation stressful for me. When we arrived back home, I felt relieved that I would be able to see my dog again, and formulate my thoughts and my plans to take my life to the next chapter.

Less than a week later, without notice, my dad moved to a different state. Leaving me alone in a house with bills I couldn't afford, in a city with no support system, starting college with no friends or family.

My "friends" always told me that university would be a setting I would feel more comfortable in. Where people are more transparent about how they feel and what they want, and where you can meet more like-minded, non-judgemental people.

But my experience has been different. I go to class on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and I sit down and do my work. No one in class talks with each other but the professor. When classes are done, I go sit at the library on campus and do my homework. It's been 3 weeks now and I haven't exchanged more than a greeting or a food order with anyone. 

It feels like my life is turning into a shit show. And I can't even find friends or a support system to figure out why. Or how I can change things. 

I don't like being unhappy. I don't want to be unhappy. And I've been unhappy for years now. Everyone always told me I would find happiness once I got to college, and was in a setting more natural for me. But now that the time has come, I feel more depressed and suicidal than ever. All I do is school, and then homework, and then I go home and do database work so I have money to eat.

I have nothing and no one to live for except myself. And I hate myself.