I have never wanted to kill myself more than in the past few weeks.I'm not the person to usually have suicidal thoughts (although I am fucking depressed and a total wreck) but the past couple of weeks are making me have the worst urges.

I'm in college and I've been a fucking failure. I've been studying longer than my peers. It is getting better but recently I started failing exam after exam and it is breaking my spirit because I study for hours every day yet get little result. And then when I say I failed they ask "well whose fault is that?". It's fucking mine. Do you need me to spell it out?

On top of that, my parents fight. Like, almost daily. It isn't physical as much as it is mentally draining and abusive. Arguing, fights every day, then each complaining about other side to me and making me into a mental trashcan. My only fall back used to be my grandmother but even she recently started putting problems on me because of my insane mother.

On top of that, I am eating pounds of candy to artificially keep my mood somewhat sane and give me happiness for a short period as I study but I worry about getting fat again because I used to be obese. I am also paranoid about getting diabetes because I am eating insane amount of sweets.

On top of that, my parents won't leave me alone. I just had a huge nervous breakdown when my father kept pushing me for the results of my exam that I don't have. I tell him that I don't know, that it could go either way fail or pass. He pushes, keeps accusing me of lying, then I lie.. telling him how I failed. And then he keeps pushing and asking more even when I tell him to please leave me alone. If I would lock myself, he'd threaten to break down the door like he did before.

On top of that, I have to get up early tomorrow to get ready for another exam after today's one but I can't because it doesn't matter that I got all nice and calm, brushed my teeth and masturbated. I had a massive nervous breakdown and now I struggle to go to sleep peacefully.

On top of that, I have no one to turn to and talk to after all this. My mother is selfish and when I did choose to turn to her and talk she told me this whole thing is going to give her a heart attack (self centered and trying to emotionally manipulate me into worrying), tries to turn me even further against my father and showed desire to get away from me/stop talking by forcibly ending the conversation when she was comfortable; not me.

On top of that, I can't go to kitchen to get sweets to calm my nerves because my father is there and I know he is a piece of shit that can't shut up and resolve some things later, which will turn me into an even shittier mood.

I really want to kill myself right now. I really do. I wouldn't even have second thoughts about my parents like some of you because they're pieces of shit and I don't care about ruining their lives. But I won't. I want to live and have the life I dream of and I know that it is possible. I just wanted to pour my heart out to anyone who wants to read/listen because I want to not feel like a mental trashcan for a day. Thanks.