I don't know what this is. I'm sorry.Sometimes I feel like I've never done anything to improve anyone's life. I've been nothing but a weight on those around me. I've never held a relationship with any girl. And I know I'm incapable of trying. I don't even know what love feels like. I've never contributed anything to society. I've either given up or failed everything I've ever wanted to do. I have no goals. I have nothing I feel I could reasonably be happy with. I have nothing to wake up in the morning for. Nothing to go to sleep at night for. Almost all of my friends have either moved away or stopped talking to me. The idea of even speaking to a stranger terrifies me. It's effort or even be with people who are near me already. Nothing I used to enjoy seems to bring me any happiness. I'm ugly. I'm disgusting. I'm useless. I feel like everyone around me would be better off if I never invaded their lives, and I can't even muster the emotion to say I'm sad. I'm envious of people that are sad, because they had something to lose. I can't even feel sad unless I'm trapped in te story of some stupid show or some stupid game. I've never been able to share any of the things I feel with anyone I know. There is literally nobody I can talk to that knows me. Everyone thinks I'm happy, because it's easier for me to let them think that. I don't want to be helped, because I don't want to bother anyone. I'm the youngest in my family. If everything goes as it should, I'll be the last to die. I can't imagine a world were anyone would be there to remember me. Everything will have been for nothing. In a way, if I were to die right now, I'd make more of an impact than I'd ever stand a chance to make in my natural life, but I wouldn't want to leave another negative impact on the lives of those around me, to have lived only to drag them all down with me. In fact, if a person close to me hadn't committed suicide, and shown me how much damage it does, I probably would have been able to do it myself a while ago.

I wanted to be an astronaut when I was a kid. I was serious about it. I loved space and exploration. I wanted to be the first person on Mars. It didn't take long before life beat that out of me. I was around 12 when it seemed people around me started saying, "but what are you really going to do". I settled for pilot. I read that if you were in the air force, you had a better shot of joining. Even then I still hoped for that, but I was fine with just being a cool fighter pilot. It was probaby a junior in high school before I realised I wasn't cut out for that either. I wasn't smart enough or strong enough, and that wasn't going to change by the time I graduated. I settled again for Airline Pilot. I told myself it was close enough, and I'd get to make lots of money. Even even then all I wanted was to be an astronaut. I didn't bother to tell anyone though. It was stupid for people my age to even think about. My senior year my parents started getting worried. They told me that while being a commercial pilot was fine, I hadn't considered all that goes into it. They acted like they had to crush my hard to reach dream, even though I had done that myself already the year before. For some reason, when someone tried to talk me out of something that I already had to settle for so many times, something that was already so disappointing to me, it completely broke my spirit. 

It was only a month or so before graduation that my friend told me he was going into game design. I had never even seen something like that as a career choice but it struck me as something I couldn't possibly be happier doing. For as long as I could remember I only wanted to fly. Finally, here was something I felt would be reasonable to obtain, and I could be happy doing. However, there was a problem. I had planned my entire last two years of high school to be a pilot. I knew I wouldn't need to go to college, so high school became completely meaningless, and I let my grades tank. Luckily I had been a straight A student my first two years because I was shooting for the Air Force Academy, so I was still able to graduate. However, I couldn't get into any respectable colleges. I ended up having to go to a private technical college like you see on TV. The problem being this one had a yearly tuition of over $20,000. I figured, "If I can't get a job doing something I love, then I'll never be happy, so it'll be worth it in the long run"

I worked full time and went to college full time for nearly two years, but it was too much for me. Maybe some people could handle the pressure, but I couldn't. My grades started slipping fast, and it didn't help that it was pretty obvious to me that game design was not what I wanted at all. I came to a point where I no longer wanted to go do what I was paying to much money for, and I was in so much student loan debt that that I couldn't think of quitting. I used to always joke with my friend who was going with me, "if I can't find a high paying job then I'm just going to have to put a bullet in my head." However, quitting wasn't a decision I had to make. Apparently, to keep their school looking good, they cut people with bad grades. Eventually I was on that list. I got kicked out just before my second year there started. 

I hated my job so much I couldn't stand it. It was an awful retail job that had some kind of deal with my college that gives employees there a discount on tuition. Now that I flunked out, I couldn't find the will to keep going, and just a couple weeks ago I was fired. I always told myself I was going to quit, but it hit me really hard. I couldn't go home that day. I couldn't possibly face my family. I hadn't told them I had been kicked out of college, and if they found out I was fired it would only worry them about my no longer existent tuition costs. I just woke up on time for work the next day and drove as far as I could, until it would be time for me to come home. Eventually I lied to them and told them I was laid off. They were really understanding, which only made me feel worse.

So now here I am. I'm sorry if the tone of this is a little erratic, I've been writing over several days like some kind of journal. I don't know why. I've never done so much as to express these feelings to anyone, probably not even myself. 

It's 6:35 am and I haven't gone to bed yet. I don't have a reason to go to sleep, because I don't have a reason to wake up. I'm sitting under $25,000 in student loan debt. I have no career goals, no specialised skills, no job, and no reason to live. My student loan forgiveness period is ending on the 26th of December. After that bills will start coming to my house, and my parents will find out I've been lying to them for 6 months. My entire world has crashed in around me and I feel like there's nothing I can do. The worst part is, every bit of it is my fault. I'm the one who never followed my dreams. I'm the one who failed to even do the thing I settled for. I'm the one who got fired. It was my fault. I'm the worst person I know. And as of right now I'm the only one who knows it. I've always had trouble opening up and making friends. I've always felt alone, but looking back on that there's nothing I wish for more but to go back to those times. I had no idea what it really felt like to be alone.

I've spent a lot of time writing this and I have no idea why. I'm tempted to just delete it all. I can't imagine anyone online bothering to take the time to read it all. I started by just listing what I felt as a felt it, so that I'd remember. I guess it's turned into something for me to vent on. 

I think a lot about how I could kill myself. Not so much the act itself, but the place. I guess maybe I intended all this to be a suicide note, but this isn't how I'd want it to be. I've always imagined renting a plane, and chartering a trip to some uninhabited place. The only thing I would write on a note would be, "don't tell my family if you find me. They've been through enough. If you have to tell them I went missing. If you have to, tell them I was killed my some animal or some mistake. Don't let them know that this is how I felt. I don't want to burden then ever again."

I guess I decided to post this here. I don't really know what that means, but it can't be good. I'm sorry if it's confusing. It confuses me. I'm not really asking for anything by posting this. I really don't know what this means to me or anybody. I guess I thought maybe it would help to make my thoughts somewhat more public for once. I'm sorry if it's long but a tl;dr doesn't really seem possible. I always skip over walls of text to the end too, so don't feel bad. I'm still not sure if I want anyone to read all this shit. Here goes.