I've had suicidal ideations for over a decade. I think I'm going to kill myself in a week.I've gone to psychologists and psychiatrists, therapists of all levels of legitimacy. I've written poems and prose about it, read books, meditated, spontaneously gone on vacations to Europe to try to enjoy life, met people, made new friends, fallen in love. I have what should by all measures be a pretty good life, but I have been terrible, oppressively miserable since I was about 10 or 11.

I've been on more medication than I could possibly relay to you, and the only conclusion I've been able to make is that my brain chemistry is stubbornly fucked. 

I'm not manic. I'm not even upset about it. I'm generally a rational, level-headed, intelligent person. I don't want this to be a rash decision. I just think it's time to give up, because I've spent a very long time hoping things will get better, and they've been stagnant.

I have friends, but I've considered it at length and I don't believe this will seriously affect any of them. I've been abroad extensively, and most of them are used to me being gone and have either adjusted or moved on with their lives. Few of them stay in touch, so I don't think it'll be a huge deal.

My lone liferope has been my parents, who love me and support me with all of their hearts. And this is the absolute worst thing I could ever do to them, and I feel horribly guilty about it. I will be ruining the rest of their lives. This is a terrible, selfish thing that I am going to do. 

But I've considered for a very long time, many years, and I decided that I've only been living because I don't want my parents to be sad about me being dead. And I'm not very sure that's a real life, living for somebody else's sake. 

So I'm not quite sure how to go about it, since I want it to be quick and thorough and not leave any mess for anybody (minus the whole dead body thing). I'm not asking for advice. I guess I don't really know what I'm asking. I thought maybe some of you would have thoughts on this. 

Sorry for the long post! And sorry for whomever is reading this, this stuff must be awfully depressing.