Life is against me.Every time anything good happens to me it feels like fate wants to strip everything from me. To the point that I want to give up.

So kind of a convoluted story so won’t go into background. Let’s just say the latest incident is very similar to others in my past.

What just happened started a few weeks ago. I got an internship in the field that I love. Something I’ve been working towards for years. It’s across town and the days I’ve had so far are amazing.

Three days before my internship the bank decides two weeks late is enough to take my car (had trouble in the past and it’s a last strike kind of thing). Transit is not an option because it’s about a three hour bus ride or 25 dollars one way for a taxi/Uber.  So since I was starting my dream job I wasn’t going to let that affect my employment. 

I sold a few things, talked to my landlord about postponing rent, and scrounged up about 1500 dollars. Talked to the bank no go, they won’t negotiate at this point. So I go to plan B, but a used car off Craigslist. I had a mechanic friend come with me and we found an 88 bronco 2 that the only problem was the clutch. I was saved my mechanic friend helped me replace the clutch and the starter and flywheel. Car runs like new. 

The day before I start my new job the car doesn’t start. I have some left and decide between taking a taxi and my girlfriends dad helping I could make it through the week. We get through and other mechanic friend helps me figure out what’s wrong. Figure it’s the flywheel we turn it and it starts but I know it won’t start every time, all the parts shops are closed. 

Bring it to the gas station because it was running on fumes and didn’t want it empty when we try to fix it, figuring if it doesn’t start I have people in town that would help push. Well obviously it doesn’t start. And of course not a single person I know answers their phone. So I am now stuck at the gas station for 7 hours trying to find someone. Finally my elderly mom drives 2 hours to come have me hook it up and we roll start it using her vehicle. I get it home and leave it for the weekend.

Mechanic friend comes back next weekend and we find out originally the parts place gave me the wrong starter. So we replace that and the car starts great,we then test it over the next hour to make sure and it’s fine. 

Now comes to today, I get ready to finally buy some groceries and take my girl out and so I stop to clean the car out. It doesn’t start...

I am now 3 weeks into my internship and I don’t know how much longer my girlfriends dad will help me. And i dont really have money for more taxis and landlord is asking me for rent. Sitting there at the gas station for another 4 hours. All I wanted to do is close the door and let the heat take me. At least then it wouldn’t seem like a suicide. 

I know this situation isn’t all that bad, it’s not the worst one I’ve been in but it is the most recent.

I can’t think of any alternative. Everyone would be better off without me, and the world keeps confirming that. Im going to lose my internship and where I live that would mean I don’t work in the industry ever. 

That’s how life works for me. I get good things only so I feel worse when them and then more get taken away.

Sorry this sound whiny and first worldy, I just wanted to get my frustrations out to people who won’t call the hospital because I want to kill myself, that would definitely mean the end of my internship. 
