Teaching is pushing me to the edge.I started teaching recently, because I just graduated with a degree in education and told myself that before I kill myself (planned end of 2020) I should at least do what the damn degree I worked for allows me to do. Maybe it would help me hold on, because the degree itself was the second to last item on my bucket list. 

I was naive.

I love the kids. I really do. They like me too. They're the reason why I wake up and go.

Everything else is awful.

The conditions and pay is shit. The administration hates me because I care for my students and they open up to me. I got written up twice because I checked on students' well-being/mental health, the excuse being that I'm taking over someone else's job. (I didn't even know we had a shrink on campus, no one told me.)

They treat kids who need help like criminals. Like some kids do dumb shit. Yes. But instead of asking why or figuring out long term solutions they just suspend them for weeks. And I get along with those kids, they cut classes but they come to mine and they talk to me... and admin hates that, saying I attract all the bad kids. They're honestly not bad. Just going through shit. Pandemic is hard on them too.

I get met by the principal multiple times about disagreements that are weeks old, and already resolved with the party involved because we're adults and we can talk things out without needing admin. That principal ambushes me with performance reviews unannounced when out union says she has to give me at least 2 days notice. But she insists I'm a good teacher, I just suck at every thing else as a professional because my work ethic isn't right. I feel harassed and overwhelmed.

So overwhelmed in fact that I started actually messing up and now I can't keep up with my own lesson plan anymore. I had every thing planned until February and now I am just crying myself to sleep with papers I can't grade. I also hate distance learning and my classes end early because I don't want to cry in front of a camera.

I forgot some out of class duties because I can't think straight and now I got money taken from my pay.

Even when I mind my damn business, she badgered another teacher until they said something about me and wrote me up about it and that report is full of lies. Even that other teacher says that this was never what was said. The union doesn't want to help me, the union rep won't even show up or reply to me. My colleagues say it might be a snow job, because I'm too "different" in my approach, because I've been open about mental health and because I'm a POC. I don't think it's racially motivated, they just don't like me and I don't expect everyone to like me.

I'm also dealing with a recent diagnosis of bipolar depression and learning that the medication I've been on for years was wrong and only amplified it.

I want to quit. I want to quit so fucking badly. I want to quit living more than I initially wanted to.

I feel like all I've worked on is worth nothing, like my personality isn't worth anything. I've never had my work ethic questioned before and I have been in the workforce for 15 years, and now I have it questioned every week.

I think this is the extra push towards actually killing myself that I've always wanted... But fuck, it hurts and I feel dogshit worthless. I don't currently have the means to kill myself but I'm actively looking now.