i wrote a poem.this poem was inspired by experience, my experience. but i failed and now i'm back to wanting to try it again, only this time i'm going to make sure it works. why am i going to do it again? because i've managed to push the only remaining friends i have away and it seems like they don't care and or are glad that i did push them away. i feel lonely. i don't know when i'll do it. soon i hope.

this is the poem, it's called The Narration of A Suicide

with a belt around my neck
i can feel myself running out of breath
as i grasp for more air
i remind myself that life isn't fair

minutes before my death
i wish to forget those that i owe in debt
wish to see another sunset or sunrsie
i remember that life is full of lies

suicide letter or suicide poem
this is because i don't know who i am
the last time i knew
was back in two thousand and two

i remember when i was a child
everything else felt so alive
and now that i'm not
everything else is not

i am almost near the end
all i ever needed was a hand to be lend
or love or care not pity nor apathy
but someone to understand and be there for me

as i fade into black
i hear my mother's heart crack
as she sees her own son die
i hope she knows that i did try

i did try to be good and be better
but i could never be either
to feel nothing
it's the same as everything

now that i'm dead
i have a quiet head
no ideas or thoughts
or feelings to be caught

one question though, how come i never got anything in return? i did a lot of good things expecting nothing in return, and i did get nothing, which is okay. what isn't okay is, why didn't i get anything in return when i needed it the most?

to my friends (if i still have any or if you consider me as a friend) : if i ever do successfully "free" myself, i hope you know none of it was your fault, you could have done something but you didn't and i understand that, you have your life to worry about and i know it isn't the greatest. i'll be proud of you whatever you do in life. i just hope you don't do what i've done and what i will do. 