No Motivation to LiveThis is very unlike me to write something like this, but I really don't know what else to do. 

I started having suicidal thoughts back in 8th grade, when something happened that triggered my now anxiety issue. Before than I was pretty social in my friend groups, but the anxiety caused me to shrink back into my own world. 8-12th grade for me felt more like a dream than reality. I really didn't care about anything that was going on, even though it probably didn't seem like that to anyone around me. This lack or caring caused me to not really develop any discernible skills or interests in life. This resulted in the shrinking of my friend groups, and the relationships with my still friends feeling empty. My grades were abysmal, and my parents were definitely not thrilled. I was pretty much on autopilot for all of high school. 

I kept telling myself that I could possibly fix all these problems when I got to college. I thought that I would get to college and be an upbeat student, join a bunch of clubs, and get my grades on track. I also started to plan for the future (I was thinking about law school), and realized that I had a huge interest in Disney (possibly working there in some capacity). I know my interest in Disney is really strange for a male in his early 20s, but it's whatever. 

My first semester in college went really well, actually. I was able to make Deans list, which I know isn't too difficult, but it was something. However, I still didn't really make any real friends. I commute, and it's really not easy to get to know people. I also don't drink or do drugs, which was the common pastime of many of the people I did meet. This same trend continued into my second semester of school. In my second semester, I had a speech class with a professor that really got on my nerves. At some point in the semester I felt that anxiety from high school come back, which I think was because of that speech class. It was much worse this time though. I had to start talking to a counselor at school, but I just lied about everything to her so I could get it over with. The reason I mentioned Disney earlier was because during these semesters I had been applying to their college program. I thought that getting into it would be the one positive thing I needed to happen in life to turn this all around. I got rejected every time. 

My anxiety continued to get worse with the lack of people I had around me. The more time I had to myself, the worse it got. I came back for fall semester, and thought I'd give it one last shot to try and meet people. I joined this academic fraternity on campus, which really isn't my style, but I thought I'd give it a shot. To my surprise, I actually met a group of kids that I really liked in this fraternity. A group of us started to hang out and watch movies a couple times a week. I was actually getting super excited because I felt like I was finding a place where I could be comfortable. I started talking to one of the girls that was a part of that group, and developed feelings for her. I knew I was dealing with the issues I talked about above, but I was kind of pressured into talking to her about these feelings by people that were a part of the movie watching group. We talked about it, and started going out. This was a huge deal for me because I never dated anyone, and thought that this might be the thing to turn my life around. 

It seemed like everything was going well with this girl at the beginning. Our dates would be extremely long, and pretty fun. Our mutual "friend" group was pretty excited about it too. I was terribly awkward around her all the time though. I often said stupid stuff, and struggled with general communication skills. The one very negative aspect to this relationship was that it caused my grades to drop a good amount, which were the thing I was the most proud of before. It didn't matter though to me at that time, because things seemed to be going well with this girl. Winter break rolled around and we had been going out for a couple weeks and were about to not see each other much for a month. We agreed to meet up a couple times over break. However, every time we were suppose to hang out she had an excuse to get out of it. She pretty much ghosted me for the break. With a week left in the winter break, she said she was in a weird place and I deserved better (which I know she didn't mean). It took me a little over a month to ruin this. I've already had a relatively low self esteem, but this just made it worse. I had gotten her a Christmas present, and I tried to give it to her when we got back to school to maintain our movie watching group, but she has no interest in talking to me. Ruining this relationship hurt, but the fact that I ruined the first friend group I made at school, and for a while, hurts most of all. My grades are continuing to drop, and I just got rejected from the Disney program again. It just seems like I have nothing left.

I don't really have anyone to actually talk to anymore. I have always had suicide as an option in the back of my head. I always felt like that would be the way my life ended anyways. The other day I wrote the note. The only thing stopping me is that I know it would crush my family. It's also not for any one of the reasons above specifically, I think its just a culmination of all these failures in my life. I ruin most of things that seem like they are going well in my life. Also, I feel like I just don't know who I am anymore, and I've wasted so much of my life already. It would be easier to end it, than to continue this. My motivation to live is gone. 

Also, I know this all seems really stupid to someone who is actually having serious life issues, but it's hard for me to really explain what I'm feeling. I just needed to write it all out. Sorry for the long post. 