I want to die.If you're reading this you're gonna be a while. I have a lot to say. Tl;dr Although I've had this feeling for as long as I can remember, things were extra shitty from 2013-2016. I wanted to be dead because it would solve all my problems. Even when things are good, I always fall back to the 'I want to stop existing' feeling.


I don't know when this feeling started and to me it has always been a part of me. I guess I didn't think much of it when I was pre-adolescent but since I was about 12 years 'till now (21), this thought has consumed me and is a part of who I am. I have never actively tried to kill myself, but only because I know it would be devastating to my close friends and family. Suicide is a apparently a thing in my family and even though some deny it, it is a trend. A fad. One person kills himself and another is sure to follow. I don't want this for my family, but I also don't want to suffer for the rest of my life. I want to be selfish, but I can't. I've always cared too much about others.


From about 12-15 years I was generally just sad. I know how to seem happy and people would tell me how positive I was all the time. It felt good, but deep down I still felt awful. Nothing bad really happened to me, I think it's just the cards I was given. I knew how to make time pass and I've had several hobbies growing up. Although it's still not too late, I never went to a specialist. Maybe I should have. I just didn't understand the problem and looking back now, I know I wouldn't have been able to explain it right. There's also the stigma and taboo element to it that made it easier to just hide it. 


I have a decent amount of friends and have been in two long-term relationships during 2013-2017. They were both good, broke up cause of unrelated issues, and I still talk a lot with my recent ex. We might try again when I get back home. The distance and a tight schedule is what broke us up. I think we can make it work. The point is, I have a good life. Sure, there has been ups and downs, but my life is good. I've been in the military and I'm working on getting an education. I spend the excess time on myself and my hobbies, so I should feel happy. Often I do. 


But it ALWAYS falls back to that shitty feeling. There's always something, even when there's not. "If I was dead right now, I wouldn't have to deal with this anymore". I can be happy, I feel joy, but I don't like living. I think I may have some mental problems, but I don't want to self-diagnose, so unless I check it out it might be anything and nothing. I tried once, but either I didn't explain myself good enough or something else, cause I didn't feel like I was understood. Things were going kind of good at that moment so I thought it might've gotten better. There were a couple of months where I didn't have this feeling that I wanted to die, but it didn't last. As I rose, the inevitable fall was just getting bigger and bigger. 


That's the thing. I'm content with feeling sad and awful because that is just another day, but periods where I feel good always ends up knocking me down again. That's the hard part. The happier I am, the harder it is to live with this. The thought that is always on my mind. I don't understand how it came to this. There's something seriously wrong with me, and it just doesn't make any sense to me at all. I want to be dead. I know I'll end up as a part of the statistics some day. Just another number. 


It will crush my family and at least some of my friends. Other people will maybe learn about it from an acquaintance or see a post about and then forget me in a few days. Most will judge me for it, trying to be smart with the "suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem" and the "selfishness" of it. I fight every day, but I'm scared that someday it won't be enough. 


I know this sounds like some r/iamverysmart shit, but here we go. I consider myself well above average intelligent. I learn fast, understand complex things faster than a lot of my fellow students do, read a lot, good memory and so on. I speak two languages fluetnly, learning French now and also speak Spanish at a decently advanced level. I don't see myself as superior to or better than anyone, but I think very much. Too much. I feel like I could be a lot more useful with this, but I don't want to. I'm not really sure where I'm going with this, I'm just trying to come up with what can be relevant. Not sure if it's true or something "smart" people said to feel better about themselves, but I remember reading something along the lines of "people with a higher IQ has a greater chance of committing suicide than those who don't". In my hometown, the people I know of who killed themselves were 2 doctors, 1 lawyer, 1 fireman and 1 professor in physics.


I listen to a lot of music. Many different genres. Music is what gives me the most joy and that safe feeling. Not gonna go into more detail, but music never fails to calm me down when I need it.  I also like traveling. After I finish my education, I might move to France. I love the French language and the culture. I have this romanticized idea that this will fix everything for a reason. It probably won't, but it just feels so right. 
So why do I still end up with this feeling at the end of the day? My life around me is more than good enough. I don't get it. But I want to be dead. I want to be gone. I just don't enjoy life. Things can give me happiness, but the whole act of just living is so off putting. It sucks. I don't want to exist. I want to die. I want to die. I want to die.
