I cheated on my boyfriend drunkI don’t remember it. It happened two days ago. I was so drunk I couldn’t remember any of it aside from two flashes. The other person remembers it and says I started it, and I can’t think of a reason he would lie. I wish I could remember any of it. At the very least fucking why. The last thing I remember is starting to watch a movie with him. 

I should have told my boyfriend immediately but I was so hungover yesterday. I was vomiting constantly. I should’ve told him this morning but I was trying to remember anything. 

I want to kill myself. It’s completely my fault. I love my boyfriend more than anything else. Some days he’s the only thing keeping me going. We’re on a break for at least a week. I told him what I remembered and asked the other guy (a mutual friend) if he remembered anything. He remembers everything and I asked him as much as I could before I threw up. 

I’m not attracted to the other guy at all. I said something about us never being able to work together and then kissed his neck and apparently we went to my bedroom. I don’t remember any of that and I don’t want to ever go to my room again. I want to burn everything in there. He said we didn’t have sex. I don’t know why I said those things. I hate myself. 

I hate people who cheat. And I can’t lie to anyone. I don’t think I’ll ever have any friends again, and I’ve lost the love of my life. There’s nothing for me anymore. I used to live for my future but I can never have anyone who matters anymore. Who would ever trust someone who cheats. 

I called my therapist and talked for maybe 45 minutes after I told my boyfriend. 

I poured all my alcohol down my sink. I cut myself for the first time in 7 years. I made a noose out of an extension cord and tied it to my bathroom door. I had my neck in it and was ready to do it. But my cat was looking at me so confused. And then I couldn’t stop crying. 

I’ve lost the love of my life and all trust in myself. I wish I could remember anything aside from those two brief moments. I wish I could know why, or at least not have to rely on anyone else for what happened. I don’t trust my therapist, because of course she’s only going to hype me up. She’s a student therapist. It would look so bad if I died. 

I wish I could remember. I don’t know what actually happened or why. I don’t think I can ever have any friends again. Who would ever trust me. 

There’s no point in anything. I have no one I can trust who I can talk to, and I shouldn’t. He’s the one who was betrayed. 

I want to kill myself so bad. I don’t see any point in continuing. People who have been cheated on: would it help if the person who betrayed you killed themselves?