Why am I always thinking about dying when I’m supposed to be happyI don’t know what is wrong with me. Everytime I’m supposed to be happy I’m feeling like I want to die. I just spent Christmas with my family and everything was quite okay. But right now I’m only thinking about ending myself. Either that or running away from everybody.

I am always feeling like I’m an embarrassment for everybody and I can’t achieve being a normal person. I am so socially awkward, and when I’m feeling uncomfortable, I drink a lot. I’m doing that so I don’t hear this inner voice telling me I’m dumb, embarrassing and that nobody really like me. That I should die. I know it’s not something new, I’ve been feeling this way since I’m 10 and I’m 22 today. 

I already tried to reach out to my mother about this. I assume that it wasn’t easy for her. But she never got me a therapist while she had one for my brother. Ive always been the quiet one, the one that doesn’t really cry or get angry about anything. The numb one. 

The truth is the total opposite. I’m feeling too much, so much that it makes me wanna die. I’m just not able to really express it. I’ve been bullied since little because I’m not showing emotions. I am unable to do anything against anyone because I’m feeling bad for them. When I was 14 I started drinking. Once I tried to kill myself by drinking as much as I could. Obviously that didn’t work, I was not reacting to my surrounding but I ended up throwing everywhere. Doing all of this drinking and going out really broke me. Several older guys ended up taking advantage of me, sexually.  


My father was terrible with me being little. He’d call me ugly, dumb or locking me up for days, starving. But I was always told my brother had it worse because he was a boy and he didn’t have the fatherly figure he was supposed to grow up with. Turns out that they’re really close today. I was my mother’s support while she was divorcing my father, but I was just 8.   


Today I’m in a relationship but im so drained. I feel like he doesn’t take my mental health seriously either. I know he is manipulating me. I’ve done all of his university’s homework because he would emotionally manipulate me. I don’t feel like having sexual intercourse with him anymore but he is always making me feel bad for it. Like that he has sexual urges that needs to be daily relieved. I told him the other day that i didn‘t want to have sex and that he’s forcing me into it. He stopped talking to me for several days and was pushing me away, saying that if i didn’t want to have sex he didn’t want to be near me, like holding hands or kissing. He said that he would be too distracted. Since then I just gave up and ended up acting as if I was enjoying it again.

I just feel like I will never achieve anything and that I should just end myself. Is it normal to always have suicidal thoughts when you’re supposed to be happy ? I dont feel like I can talk to anyone around me, I don’t want to be a burden to them, they don’t deserve it. I’m always thinking about hanging myself when looking at the ceiling.