Suicidal thoughts but could never act on them.For warning this may be a longer post I just have a lot to get off my chest. First of all as the title says I’ve been having a lot of thoughts lately in my head about being better off dead or others around me being better off with out me around. I very recently (the past month or so) has a really had break up with my fiancé who I was with just short of three years. We had our wedding planned and everything and then 10 days before she called it off and broke up with me for no apparent reason. We own a house together and I’m currently not living there while she is. We have almost zero communication and it’s killing me inside. She wants no part of me and wants nothing to do with working it out even though our life together has started and progressed so far together. Her mother and I both think she may have bipolar and this is an episode but she won’t talk to either of us about the situation. 

With that said, since the break up I’ve been staying with my parents and like I said having very little to no communication with her. I have been living out of a suit case more or less and just struggling to get through everyday. I wake up in the morning after getting little to no sleep and the first thing my mind thinks is, well i don’t know how I’m going to get through today or I wonder what today will bring for my emotions at work. I go to work and struggle to get through without having a complete breakdown in front of everyone. I rush home and cry most of the ride home all the time thinking of nothing but her and how my life went from perfect to shit basically over night. I cant focus on school work at my night classes and it’s affecting my grades as well as the emotions of my parents and friends around me. 

Lately my mind keeps wondering off to really dark places that they never have before. I will be driving and think what if I just swerved off the road and ended al of this, would I be better off. Or laying in bed at night I think do I really want to live any more? Is this miserable state that I’m in every day worth waking up anymore? I said in the title and will repeat, I have these thoughts but at the same time think, I could never do that to my family or friends and I am terrified to die. At this point I don’t think I could ever do it but it’s scaring me that I’m even thinking these things. I am in antidepressants and Xanax to calm my nerves and am looking for a psychiatrist to help as well too. I’m just struggling to get through this knowing that my ex is out having the time of her life while I’m feeling this down and depressed. She is going on life going out and drinking and having fun with friends and I can’t even bring myself to get out of bed on my days off. We should be 2 weeks married right now, we should be in our house together living our happy life we had just weeks before she dropped all of this one me this isn’t how things were supposed to be right now. 