Lusting for a past memoryI have a feeling that is always with me, it’s the feeling of the time lost. It’s the feeling of wanting to go back and relive all the moments I still hold onto. I’m 22 and I’ve been single now for almost 3 years. Every time a girl tries to flirt with me or ask me out, I will have a reason to put it off or turn her away. I can’t let go of my ex. I think about her all the time. I don’t understand how people say there are “in love” or something because all my friends (or just people in general) just date people and get dumped or dump they ex and then just say bad things about then and trash talk them. That’s not love! You can’t just say you love someone and then turn around and put them down with your words. I used to believe live wasn’t real. But after I feel in love, I realized it was real. She doesn’t love me anymore and needed a new life without me, and I love her so much I just want her to be happy and feel loved. Even if that person isn’t me. She deserves it. I miss her every moment of the day and I don’t have anything bad to say about her. She is beautiful and sweet and sexy. But that’s not the reason I feel in love with her. I fell in love with her because her heart is love. She is everything people hope to be, but never can reach to. She truly puts others before herself and cares about other people’s feelings. She is the girl who stops by the dog shelter every day after work and plays with the dogs who don’t have anyone to love on them. She’s the girl who meets you at 2:30 AM in the Walmart parking lot to let you cry and explain why you aren’t feeling strong. I don’t know how to explain how her heart really is because I don’t know any other person to compare it to. Her heart is what I feel in love with. It was just icing on the cake that she was pretty. I will always love her. And I’m not suicidal anymore. I just feel really alone and I know I’m going to be alone, but I just didn’t realize how hard this would be. It’s not a pain that suddenly falls on you, it’s a deep pain that creeps it’s way in slowly day by day, Month by month, year by year. I just hope the pain slows down because it’s a lot to hold sometimes. Anyways... sorry for the rant. I hope this finds someone