It's pretty bad when I resort to reddit.Hey.. I don't tend to talk about feelings. As I feel as if it is a waste of time. They are my problems so I shouldn't make them other peoples problems. This hasn't gotten me far.

 I am 23 years old, Male, and today, I gathered up all of my work things, binders, phone, clothes, and I was just about to turn all of it in as a form of resignation. Then, I planned to go for a walk in the woods near my house. It is starting to get colder and I love this time of year. I love the wind and  feeling of being cold. I am also a big fan of being alone. So I wanted to go find a peaceful spot to hang our for a bit.. 

I didn't plan on returning from that walk..

So, I was going to go turn in my work stuff. So, I got into my car, turned it on, then had a panic attack of a lifetime. I don't remember the last time I cried or anything, even at my brothers funeral a few years ago, I couldn't cry. I don't know why. But this one push my eyes to water up a bit, and that spoke to me. That is the closest I have been to crying since.. god knows when.. 

I didn't have the best childhood, but I don't know why the fuck I screw up my job as much as I do (I work from home full time so it is pretty good). I don't know why I sleep literally all the fucking time, but I am always so tired. I just don't know.

I am tired...

I just need to get my shit straight, but I have tried. I literally freak out when it comes to the thought of leaving my house. I hate people. I don't like people. The thought of having to talk to people drives me nuts. So when my work phone rings, my heart sinks cause I have to answer it. 

....But none the less, I went on that walk without turning in my work stuff cause I just couldn't do it... I found this nice spot by a big tree. The wind would blow from the left side of me to the right, it felt nice.. My heart felt like it was going to explode with excitement but also fear. Not fear of death but fear of what I would miss. I got the house cleaned up, washed my car yesterday, cleaned my computer up, talked to a few old friends... 

I also had a knife at the ready..

I rolled up my sweatshirt sleeve and pressed. My heart was going a million miles an hour and I fainted.. I didn't even do anything yet. Next thing I know, my work phone is ringing and it wakes me up. I was out for 20-30 minutes or so. I needed to look into something for someone, so I stood up, walked back to the house. Did the thing, and here I am. 

No one will know of this... No one will know my struggle. No one will know I got this close... And I guess today wasn't the day..