(x-post from r/Depression) I feel like I should be happy that things are "looking up". But.. It hurts.I don't really know where to post this, I hope this is the right place. But, I need people to understand where I'm coming from, before you know where I am.

I am 22. Throughout my childhood, I tried to get help but was ignored. I grew up home schooled my entire life, with a mother, father, and significantly older sibling. My mother was a diagnosed bi-polar with homicidal tendencies, my father is not diagnosed with anything, just... mean. My sibling took full advantage of the dawn of the internet and stayed off in their own world 90% of the time- I sort of did the same shortly before hitting puberty. We lived in a small house in a run down neighborhood, we were poor. Very poor. I slept on a floor most of my life, me and my sibling shared our bedroom. My earliest memories are painful. Being beaten by my mother when I was younger, screamed at and told how I ruined everyone in my family's life by existing. Around the age of 8, my mother stopped hitting me, my father started. By that point in time I had been sexually assaulted by relatives, but never told anyone a word of it. (And I wouldn't until I started dating, around 14.. I wanted my boyfriend to understand why I was against having sex. We dated until I was 20 and he had cheated on me numerous times, he had also beaten and raped me multiple times.) My mother had severe health issues, and from her genetics, as do I. My life expectancy extends into my fifties, something I have accepted at this point. I also have to have a hysterectomy soon due to severe endometriosis.

That being said, things have gotten better. 2015 was a horrible, yet wonderful year. It brought change. I had finally gotten somewhat comfortable with my existence without my suddenly ex-fiance', a person who had convinced me that he was the only one who -could- love me. And, in the beginning of the year, I found out that my best friend from when I was 15 had moved back in town, having moved across the country years previously. We ended up dating, something which I am so very happy about, he gives me joy when everything else is dark. I lived in a terrible house, owned by my parents and only a block away from their home. Originally it was my siblings residence, and their ex had destroyed it while on heavy drugs. I was told I could rent to own the place, and that if I put repairs into it, to show receipts of the cost and it would be deducted from the rent. A pretty nice deal, it seemed to me. My alternative was outright being kicked to the street, since they needed my room for my sibling.

My boyfriend moved in with me, took care of me and my health issues, and was more than willing to help with fixing the house while I would go to work. $15,000 spent on fixing the house, my parents stopped saying it was rent to own, and the reparations weren't counted with rent. My savings account was mostly depleted when my sibling told me my parents were planning on selling the house from under me if I kept fixing it. I was broke by this point, it was almost Fall, and my seasonal, almost minimum wage job was about to end. (I work an amusement park. Great place, for the record.) By this time, my boyfriend also worked there. Me and him started seriously talking about moving at this point. My family was verbally abusing me still, and was trying to control my every move. If I went longer than two hours without speaking to them, they would freak out. If I missed a single phone call, they would freak out. They had been raising how much I needed to pay them, knowing full well that I scarcely had money for bare minimum food. In early November of 2015, we moved in with my boyfriends family, and I have cut communication with my family entirely. They don't know my phone number or where I live. Originally, I tried to maintain contact, I hoped I could have a family relationship, that all I needed to do was move out of their control. Their harassment was daily, and it was getting harsher, and so I changed my phone number and blocked them on social media.

My boyfriends family has been very kind and accepting of me, even with my health issues. The boyfriend himself has gone way above and beyond expectation. He and a friend of his are slowly beginning to teach me how to drive, since nobody had previously. I actually get two meals a day now, a place to live that doesn't have caked on grime and large holes in the walls, and my life doesn't feel threatened anymore. Hell, this is the best health and home I have ever experienced. But I feel like there are holes in my heart, and I feel such intense pain radiate from them.. I miss my mother the most, I think. I knew she was insane, literally, and I think that gave her an excuse in my mind. I still loved her. Even my sibling turned against me.. It hurts so much to think about. I typed this up today, because some days, frequently, I just break down crying anymore. The holidays hurt horribly, as well as my own birthday. If it weren't for my boyfriend, I would have gone back to cutting, and I would have killed myself. The thought still occurs, but I can't do that to him. I can't do that to the future I want to have with him. With spring approaching, I am about to begin my job at the amusement park again.. The problem is, my family can find me there. They knew I worked there, and they always get season passes. I tried to get a job elsewhere and nobody would hire me. This is my best chance, especially since I have a very slim chance at having transportation elsewhere. (Boyfriend has a different job, bus is out of the question) I just don't know what to do anymore. I don't know how to handle my emotions, my anxiety, what to do if my family finds and harasses me while I am at work.. I'm terrified. We're finally getting somewhere in life, but I have this horrible feeling that it's all going to crash around me if I am found. I'm sorry. I needed to talk to someone, I have very few friends, no family or relatives to speak with. I vent to my boyfriend of course, and he hears me out and reassures me.. But I feel like I need help.

Thank you.
