i don’t fit in anywhereive been thinking about how isolated and alone i feel. im a junior in high school rn. i have lots of acquaintances that I’ve never talked to outside of class/school, and i have a few “friends” that i do hang out with every now and then, but im not close with any of them at all.

its a pretty mix-matched group, two of the kids are pretty popular and have lots of friends, the other two are kind of nerdy/geeky, but we still all have fun when we hangout despite our differences.

im somewhere in between. id consider myself pretty smart and love learning and stuff, but i guess i can come off as a cool or chill dude too. i crack jokes with popular kids, and can have “smart” conversations with the not so popular kids. im nice to everyone, i don’t care where you lie in the social ranking, as long ass you aren’t a dick to me.

for the most part tho, i tend not to be friends with popular kids as most of them are douchebags and im really shy anyway. i usually talk to this one group of stoners, as they aren’t really popular, but definitely aren’t nerdy either.

im kind of rambling at this point, but what im trying to say is pretty much that i feel like im too “cool” for the nerdy kids, they dislike me because i hangout with people that they don’t like, and make the assumption that im douchy as well, and i don’t fit in with the cool kids either, as im too awkward and nerdy and don’t make fun of other kids with them. the way i see the groups at my school would be: the stick up rich kids who are just complete assholes to everyone for no reason, and the extremely overly nerdy/weird no-it-all kids (no offense to them, i don’t dislike them BECAUSE they are nerdy, we just tend to not have compatible personality’s,  and can’t bond over anything)

i just feel like i don’t belong anywhere. im an outcast. no one has the same humor as me, besides my friend in California that ive known my whole life. he’s the closest friend i have, and he’s the only friend i have that i can just be my complete self too. but he’s on the other side of the US, i moved to Florida a few years ago. we still communicate often by playing video games together. i wish i knew kids over here in Florida with the same type of personality and passions that we do.

its like im a jack of all trades, but not good enough in either group to stick around or make meaningful relationships.

TL;DR,  im an outcast at my school. i feel like I’m to cool for the nerdy kids, and too nerdy for the cool kids, i can fit in / blend in with either group, but we aren’t similar enough to make, or WANT to make, any kind of meaningful relationship. its like no one at school interests me, and im not interesting to them either.