I just want to have been abused for the last timeI am a gay 24 year old guy, and I've just been sexually assaulted for the fifth time.

Last night I stayed over at a friend's place because I was too tired and drunk during a night out. He dropped me off to get some sleep, went back out, and came home a few hours later. I have a few vague memories of waking up and shrugging him off me, and then I really came to and he was trying to rape me. I fought him off and pushed him away, and in the morning I pretended I didn't remember anything. he hasn't said anything. Now I don't know what to do. We live abroad, both foreigners, so I wouldn't know where to go about reporting him, or if it would do any good. He's a member of my friend group, and we're a tight-knit community here so it'd cause a huge problem if I tell anyone. I just feel really sick, and I don't want to have to see him all the time.

I never gave him any signals, I was completely passed out drunk. In fact I had spent the earlier evening talking about my boyfriend.

What's got me completely hopeless is that it's the fifth time now. FIFTH. People I've just met, casual acquaintances, even a really close childhood friend, and they just keep using me. Two of them are supposedly even straight. What do I do? Sleep in a locked room and hide away from everyone? I am sick of feeling like a victim.

I know, I know. I must be so sexy that everyone wans a piece. That's not what I'm saying- I'm not going to lie and say I am ugly, but I'm not the best looking guy ever. I'm not fighting them off with a stick when I'm awake and sober. Is there something about me that just screams "victim"?? Why do I keep finding myself with predators?

I can't just discuss this with my friends, and I know people will think I'm lying ad crying for attention if I start just opening up about sexual abuse. I'm just sitting here on the other side of the world from home and trapped and I know I'm going to have to see him so many times again.And he thinks I don't know. He even told me he wasn't drunk.

I don't even know why I'm posting. I just need to pour my heart out and get some support, I can't get it here. And I'm worried that I'm going to do something stupid. I just need to get out of this. But if I run away back home, there is still my old friend there. He still knows what he did. Everywhere I turn I feel like someone is just waiting to take their share