Multiple rape victim from an abusive home. Tired of fighting a losing battle.My life was great, then my father died when I was 4. My mom went crazy (literally), began physically/verbally/emotionally abusing me. She set all my clothes on fire once, killed a pet rabbit I had, etc. The usual bruises and tears nonsense. I've been working since I was 14 to help financially support the family, and I'm lucky enough to attend an Ivy League university now (for whatever that's worth). My mom never remarried and has no friends, and considering what happened after my father died, I worry that me cutting her out of my life would be beyond disastrous for her. I love her, and I want her to be happy and proud of me more than anything. 

I've also been raped by three different men. Before, I was raped by one of my high school teachers, and once by a grad student at my school. For the last eighteen months, a man who was an authority figure in my life has been routinely coming to see me, either when I'm home alone, or driving up to my university for the weekend. He knows about the situation with my mom because he was someone I confided in, and he knows that I haven't gone forward about either of the previous two rapes because I'm worried about what that might do to her (my mom's ethnic culture suggests that suicide is a reasonable response to being raped, and I don't want her to think that she's somehow failed as a mother). He's been forcing himself on me pretty regularly, too. He's rougher than the other two, and I usually end up with some amount of bleeding after. He likes beating me with his belt, he's bought toys to use on me, etc. He keeps tally of how many lashes he's going to give me the next time he sees me. He adds to the tally if I do certain things, like if he sees on Facebook that I've gone out with another guy, or if I forget to say goodnight to him every night. 

It occurs to me that I could hypothetically leave all this behind and run away to another state or country, but beyond not wanting to hurt my mom, I've realized that the combined years of mental fuckery that I've had inflicted on me has probably made for one pretty broken toy. As stupid as it is, I worry that once I leave, I won't have anyone in the world, and that sounds as bad as my current life. Pathetic, right? 

tl;dr I'm so tired. I want to quit.