In a day I'm feeling the lowest I've felt in the last 5 years, I want to share my story. I'm not here looking for help, I'm just looking for comfort.   Hardest part of telling any story it's the beginning. Where do I start?

   I guess I'll start by introducing myself. My name is David( not sure if I'm breaking any rules by saying my name ), I'm about to be 27 years old this September, and I've been living with depression since a very young age, I just didn't realize it until around 8 years ago.

What would be the cause for depression at a young age? My parents. Ever since I can remember, the bond that is supposed to exist between a child and his parents was not there. We lived alone in a city where we had no family, all of our family members lived in different cities, so I didn't have them for to provide me with affection either. Visiting my grandparents was always the highlight of my childhood. Looking back at those days I realize how fucked up it was, I would find it odd that other children actually liked their parents.

My father always acted as an antagonist in my life, he was verbally abusive to both me and my mother, and physically violent towards me. I remember very vividly, this one time when he beat me up with a stick because a misunderstanding that happened at school during child's play, and he didn't even care to question me about it, just hit me across the back and ass cheeks with the stick, leaving me bruised for a good couple of weeks. I was 7 years old.

My mother was completely passive about all of this, she made no effort to defend me, and would act like it was normal, which led me to be believe at the time, that it was in fact normal.

She also contributed very heavily for my depression. She would keep me from socializing with other kids outside of school, all I was really allowed to do, and not even by my own choice, was to learn martial arts, since my father couldn't have a weakling for a son. This went on not just during elementary school, but all throughout  middle school too, which led me to have a very deficient set of social skills. Even today I really struggle with connecting to other people. I'm extremely possessive of others, even people I've only recently met. If I'm not the center of others attention, I panic, and feel like I'm doing something wrong and being perceived as a joke. After a couple of years of therapy, I've learned to keep these feelings in check, most of the time, but I still can't avoid them.

Anyway, moving to what actually brought me here today.

Back in 2008 my mother also developed a depression of her own, between work problems, and my father constant verbal abuse, which led her to commit suicide. That day will forever be the most surreal day I've ever experienced. Seeing my grandparents in such pain completely gave me a new perspective on people. Even my father was devastated, and probably crushed by guilt, and it was sight that confused me. That entire week, between her death, and the cool off of the mourning period still seems like a surreal blur in my mind. All those people that decided to come comfort us, all these friends, all these people I've never met before in my life, all telling me to be strong, that they are there for me, and I didn't know how to respond to them, all I wanted to do is tell them to fuck off, to leave me alone. I felt no sadness about the death of my mother, all I felt was fear, fear on how my life was gonna be changed by it, fear for what would happen to my grandparents, would they be able to survive this? and of course, fear for being left alone with my father. All I wanted to say to my mother at the time if had the chance was: "How dare you take the easy way out and leave me behind to deal with him on my own?" That was the catalyst for the darkest period of my life.

It was during that time that I became aware of my own depression. At first I thought it was caused by my mother's passing, but later realized it came from long before that. As it is customary in my country, I was offered professional counseling by a state psychologist. I refused. I thought there was no need, nothing anyone could say or do would change what happened, so why even bother? I was so wrong, If I knew back then what I know today I would've taken that chance in a heartbeat.

Coincidentally, 3 months later I left the house to go to college. My first experience in college didn't go well. For the first time in my life, a girl started to show some affection towards me (I have had a couple of relationships during my high school years, but they were incredibly meaningless). For the first time in a very long time, I FELT GOOD! I felt good about myself, I felt that if this girl was showing me affection, she would probably eventually love me, and there was nothing I wanted more than that(even today), just to be able to feel an actual connection with someone who would give the affection I so desperately crave for. But just like most relationships, it didn't last. It crushed me! Losing that comfort was the most painful thing I ever felt. In a way I felt the way I should've felt when my mother died, for the first time, I actually felt like I've lost something, since it was also the first time I ever felt I had something. I was lost, I had no idea how to handle it, I didn't know how to reach out to others for support. I didn't know that was even an option, so I just shut myself out from the world, and that's when the alcohol and drugs entered the picture. God were they a sweet relief, I felt that I couldn't feel pain if I was too numb to feel anything. My family never knew about any of this, I used the one social skill I did learn growing up, pretending everything is ok, and damn if I'm not really good at it.

Anyway, this situation couldn't go on, not that I felt it needed to stop but it would be impossible to keep pretending everything was fine soon. So I told my family I wasn't feeling fulfilled in that college, I wanted to go to med school. And so I did. I moved to another country just to attend med school, since it was impossible for me to do so in my own country at the time. It of course came with the added benefit of not having to deal with my father every single weekend. (By the way, my father is not aware at all of how shity of a person he was while I was growing up, and how much he fucked up my personality, don't get me wrong I'm not putting the full responsibility of how my life turned out on my parents, but it would be foolish not to acknowledge the role they played in it).

So to this new country I go, and history repeats itself. A new girl offers me the one thing I crave for in life. Affection is like a drug to me, and I'm like a junky when it comes to it, I lose all rationality. It's the driving force behind all I do. I just want this girl to not leave me. She was bad for me. She treated me like shit, but I didn't care, she would also be sweet to me. Until the day she decided she had enough fun with me and was time to move to something else. If last time it crushed me, this time it hit me like a freight train going full speed. I completely shut down from the world again, and this was the first time it ever crossed my mind. The first time I contemplated suicide. For months the only thing keeping me from doing it, ironically, was my mother's suicide. I remembered the pain my grandparents were in, and I didn't want to be the cause of more pain for them, or the rest of my family. Again, this situation could not go on, not only I couldn't keep the illusion of everything being ok, but it was starting to become dangerous for me. The thoughts were becoming more and more frequent. So, I lied to my family again, I told I realized I still had some unsolved issues resultant from my mother's death and wen't back home. 

This was the time I realized I should've taken the help when it was offered to me, even if my issues hadn't come with the death of my mother, they were there and they should've been addressed. So I found professional help. For 2 years I worked and wen't to therapy twice a week. This time was when I finally realized what exactly were my issues and how rooted they were and I started resenting my parents even more. So with this new found awareness I felt ready to take on the world again. I was going back to med school, and I wouldn't let my issues get the best of me this time.

Or so I thought. It's been 3 years since I came back to med school and today I've hit my lowest point again. How did I manage to make it for 3 years? I've been keeping myself numb with drugs. I know it's not healthy but it's been keeping me alive and functional. So, why, after 3 years, did I reach this point again? If you guessed same reason as always, you are right. Someone showed me affection, but she's not whiling to be there to provided it to me all the time. She's not to blame though, I'm an addict, that's the truth of it, and affection is my worst drug. Giving me a taste of it but not providing with a steady supply has been crushing for the past few months, and today I finally snapped. I've cried for the 1st time in 5 years. I feel vulnerable again. I want to shut myself down again. The tears are starting to stream down my face again is I write this last sentences.

I'm debating myself if I will actually submit this or not, just writing it was actually very helpful, helped calm me down. But this is the most honest I've ever been about anything in my life, I don't think it would be fair to just let it fade away without sharing it with someone. So I will share it with you.