25M. Haven't talked to anyone in almost a year, lost girlfriend, lost religious beliefs, dropped out of college 2 years ago (I think, last years have been a loop), jobless, penniless (150€ in my name), grew up and live with abusive family. Can't delude myself into prolonging this anymoreThere is so much I'm not writing out of shame. It would also be impossibly long. I've been writing this for 3 hours now because somehow I know this might be one of the last things I write. Well I don't know anything anymore. The only thing that makes me go on to see another day is the faith of stumbling on an opportunity that could make me go work or do anything far away from here and have a fresh start.

Aside from this contrived scenario there is only so many times I could soldier on and give it *one more try*. I'm a sad thing to look at now for few years now. I'm in a comically impossible situation that I can't get out of. I shouldn't have forfeited my life into my parents hands. I was always predisposed and taught to live my life with them as the center of it, and slowly but surely I sabotaged my life to fulfill my roll has an extension of their miserable existence. It saddens me because I know I had the predisposition for doing something great with my life if only I had grown up with a normal household. After all I felt pretty close to it and I grew up with narcissistic, vile people. And they were at home all day, every day, with a steady *much higher than average income* since they were doing something pretty much illegal. They used that time to treat everyone in their vicinity like trash, including each other. Social services would have taken me away if only they knew what went on over the years. But I grew up in a don't ask don't tell environment. Well... it is what it is. And what's done is done.  

One thing is certain, the act of living in my shoes is worse than the nothingness of dying. I can't trick myself into enduring misery any longer, nor would it be an act of love. Ending this would sort of be the biggest show of love I could do to myself, actually.  

Fuck, I even feel ashamed for having written a post on suicide watch when I'm feeling suicidal. I can't even do a suicide watch thread properly 