A lot is going through my mind right now. This girl is not respondingWe have met in a game only about a week ago and I already know a lot about you. You are depressed and suicidal, the things you went through must be unbearable. We have been talking on snapchat and you were telling me things that really made me sad. I sometimes bug you and call you to make sure you are alright and spam you but that's only because I care. Yesterday at night I wrote to you for the last time as I didn't get any response anymore after calling and messaging several times. Today I really got anxious and took action. I live in another country but I still took measures and called the institutions you said you were going to. I even called your school and the police. Sadly they wouldn't tell me if you were alright or not because of security reasons. I kept calling your school and they told me if I called one more time I would get reported. I called the police and they told me they'd send a unit to your school to make sure you were ok. About an hour/1,5  ago I saw your snapchat location showed you were online at that moment. I still try to reach for you. And I am very sorry if I vexed you and caused you trouble. The police told me they would contact your parents, and I know your father is an asshole and tells you to kill yourself, so I hope he didn't flip out or anything. I wanted to come visit you in London but you refused and didn't feeI comfortable with it which is understandable, I asked for your phone number you didn't give it for the same reason. But thank god I know your first name and I knew which school you are going to, I dug and found your surname as well, and gave it to the police. I  just hope everything is alright and may god be with you. Don't leave me please, I am dying from inside...

Edit: she screenrecorded our snapchat conversation and blocked me. My guess is that she is going to report me to the cops, my selfie was there too. Did I bring myself in danger? Will this have a bad end for me?