Last letter (I really hope so)I just walked out my 3 day old job. I asked to be transferred there because they had a position open that they needed urgently, it was closer to home and I wouldn't have to interact with people...I found out that it was really shitty on the first day when the person training me was only 2 months old, was bitter about mangement (he had reason to be they suck) and he was ready to quit as he's been work everyday alone on PART-TIME salary. 

When I told him I was in uni, he said that they'll have to hire another person then since. The work only took 4 hours and would probably be 3 shifts, that's not enough to pay my bills and debts which my other job as a cashier was doing on its 3 to 4 days. 

I was going to try to transfer back, and I mentioned to the worker my first day that my old store said they'd taje me back if all goes wrong, but he said he talked to the manger when he was quitting and the guy said no its too much paperwork.

When I called twice they said that the lady who transfered ne in wasn't in and they sounded sort annoyed/amused that I wanted to come back after 3 days. 

So I told my trainer that there's no pint anymore, that I was going to the hospital ("he's like yiur head hurts?" "No I'm going to kill myself or something" "Woah! seriously wait stop) and I just kept going, got changed and I'm probably going to the beach to drown myself (rocks in my pockets/backpack). 

I can't handle everything in my life. I feel like a failure all the time, I hate my apartment, I'm in more debt than I have in savings, I'm really fat and unattractive so it's not like I have hope of getting married or procreation, I have no friends, my siblings hate me, my dad hasn't seen me in 10 years and bitches when heas to pay child support or schook stuff or even my dentist bill (plus I don't even have his address), and my mom despuect being a nice sweet lady is now fed up with me and mood swings. 

There's no going back once I've done this, but I'd rather be dead than live this life. It's fucking pain all the time with no hope.

I switched this job to better myself but all I did was ruin my life further. 

I'm just sad I wasted all my parents monet and time on my issues.

If I chicken out, I'll go to the hospital or e en delete this but if not I want everyone know that I'm sorry. I'm sorry about this world, my existence, my life, and for hurting any of you.