I don't want to say I'm at the end, but it sure feels like it so long as I am here.I go for a drive, desiring to ease my thoughts, but this time an old face pioneers the car. My surroundings lie under a facade created by new memories, burying the familiarity of this scene in another life. I refuse to acknowledge the melding of my two existences, but the dread associated with this road overcomes my strength to ignore. I am again on the street that dominated my adolescence and became my achilles heel. I've been taken down this road more times than I can admit, still unable to figure out how to abandon it, or abandon the one who won't let me derail. I find myself again surrendering to the one who established my first fatal image. I thought I had killed the girl in that passenger seat, replacing her with a fragmented replica, attempting to replace all the bad parts with something new. Something admirable, only to see that image fail too. I return to this girl, find my new image trapped in this girl. What I thought was my past became my present becomes my future. This road is endless, continuously paved by my failure to fight anyone but myself. He wouldn't let me leave, so I ran, and though I ran, I'm somehow back where I started. His knife cuts me, embedding a million brutal images in the mind we share. I later wield this weapon, learning from my teacher that I am deserving of this pain, making identical damage with my own precision. He would be proud, and being proud, he gave me what he thought was best. He taught me how to be careless and ignore danger. He helped me take risks and defy all but him. He made me a woman. He built me a home - a well. I'm shacked to the only stone left untouched by overgrown moss, poison. Everything inside is tainted, yes, including that girl, and I can assure you that's not by fault of the moss. He built it; she gave it reason to exist. Jagged stones cut my feet through layers of rubber, leather and cotton, yet my shoes remain perfectly intact, my socks pristine. Why is everything below me crimson? I can't tell whether it's day or night; an eternity has passed but the atmosphere has never changed. I would give anything to replace this air with gulps of water. After all this, can drowning really be that terrible a way to die?