I need some adviceSo, hello. I really need someone to take a look at my situation. Sorry for English in advance.

I'm considering killing myself next week. I can't do it on these weekends because my mother is home. Also I want to visit school one last time, have fun and say my subtle goodbye to everyone. Maybe even hug a girl I had a crush for like 7 years :) Also I need to buy some vodka and monster energy to end it.

What's going on in my life..

1) I'm transgender in stealth on diy hormones not knowing what to do next in one month.

2) My mother today hit me first again because I couldn't get out of bed to school while insulting me, belittling and yelling. My room is partly destroyed. My PC and internet access is almost gone. She says she can kill me because she gave me a life and I'm just nothing. (It was written yesterday. She hasn't came home yesterday, now she's there, not talking to me. She already hit me with a cleaning tool because my legs were bothering her cleaning.)

4) My brother 29 killed himself almost two months ago while suffering diagnosed bipolar disorder and one previous not known by me suicide attempt 3 years ago.

5) My Maths teacher yells at me, English teacher makes fun of me in front of class, pushing my boundaries.

6) My father abused my family my whole childhood. Alcoholic, probably bipolar too. I moved out with my mother.. What a mistake..

7) I'm failing my test final exams completely.

8) I can't move out because I'm not 18 yet, don't have any money. University or army I can't avoid.

9) In a month I won't be able to hide breast growth. While not on hrt I go insane. I tried go in denial 4 times. I kept Google notes. Something I noticed is: After a month of no hrt I literally go crazy. I can't sleep. Have paranoid thoughts like my mother put a camera in my room, police watches me over phone cam, the world is a matrix, flat, illusion, etc.. I begin to believe in almost every conspiracy, anti-vaccine movement and all that staff. I try to figure out what's wrong with me and world. It all happens while I'm not on hrt. My head explodes. Sometimes I just wanted to smash it into the wall because I began to hear some voices. On hrt I don't experience most of these symptoms. The only thing left is depression. I can't get out of bed.

10) My first girlfriend was narcissistic sociopath who emotionally abused me. It's been almost six months after break up. I still check her social page every 10 minutes. I can't forget her.

11) I have no one to talk to in person. My few friends don't care. One of my "friends" is a psychopath who often gets homicidal and rapist thoughts. He's into weapon. After learning it I try to avoid him at all costs. I've almost cut contact with him.

So, these 11 points I wrote yesterday. It's not compete at all.

I have suicidal thoughts since childhood. My mother is extremely verbally, emotionally and physically abusive. When I was like 12, she hit me with a pencil. I still have the substance of it in my arm. She is narcissistic. She can push me, pull by hair, hit, pour some cold water, throw anything at me, use sticks, belts, clothing to hit me. Constant yelling and punishing. Apparently I'm her belonging. I don't have ANY rights. I can't move out. She takes all my money, PC access, food, personal things, keys. I can't be safe anywhere. I have no personal space. It's "her flat", she can be wherever she wants. Even if it one meter from me in my room at night. Yelling and physical fighting. Yet I can't use anything legal against her. I have only evidence of her yelling like crazy in 6 min video. And her throwing a plate on my bed. Also. She's so nice to everyone outside of the house. No one will believe nor will do or call do anything. I'm stuck there like a fucking slave! Apparently I have no rights at all. I can't tolerate it anymore. I don't have a safe space. She threatens me to kill for every little thing. I can't really describe it. But it has always been so from my childhood. Only now I see all that.

I lived miserably for 17 years. No personality for 17 years. And I don't see any way out there. I'm stuck. I can't move out for like years. I can't function anymore. I cut myself this whole year.

I just don't know what to do. I have no other ways. I just want my freedom. I'm not her belonging. I'm an alive person. I'm not a slave.. But now I don't have any energy. I spent it this year on an abusive relationship. I'm depressed for last 7 months. And now it's the lowest point. I don't have anything anymore. I'm just alone and powerless. I need medical help yet it's not available. My mother forbids it. Will use it as an excuse to hit me more. Will insult me more with legit reasons. And one more thing. I live in Russia.. So...

Thank you, if you've read it. I'd be glad to hear your advice to be honest.. I still have some time to change something.. But I don't see any possible ways. Maybe I'm just missing something... Maybe there's a way.. But I can't move out legally or illegally at all. I'm tired. I have some Xbox controller with a wire, 4 possible nails in the walls, 4 doors. One note to the crush. So I think I'm ready to go next week.