Student loans due back in two monthsI just got an email that says I need to start making student loan payments in two months but jokes on them I've been so depressed and disassociated since I dropped out of school that I not only have no money but I've only left my house like twice. 😂😂😂 I can't stop fucking shaking, I was having an okay dream for once in my life to be woken up to that email lmfao yay. My dad said he wants me to start paying 400 a month in rent but I'm too depressed to even eat sometimes 😂😂😂😂 I'm constantly on edge because I hear things that aren't there and they give me panic attacks 😂😂 I left the house the other day to see a movie my dad wanted to see and I was terrified of being outside our car. 😂😂😂 This is great, everything is great. I really wish I could die hahaha because I can't live like a normal person because I'm a fucking problem and a loser and I have no support or any way to get help 😂😂😂 Why can't I just get the courage to kill myself, hell why can't a way to kill myself open up? Why can't we own a gun or rope or literally anything 😂😂 Why can't I just spend the last $30 in my bank account to Uber to a cliff to jump off? 😂😂😂😂 Hahahahaha oh boooy life is good at least my dad is willing to work three jobs in his late 50's to barely scrape by and not afford most meals because his dumb kid can't function like a normal human being! Oh wait he's NOT and he despises me 😂😂😂 oh man life is SO good god I wish when my mom tried to kill me when I was younger she did 😂😂😂 instead she died of cancer 😂😂😂😂 we couldn't afford a funeral for her and we can't afford one for me either 😂😂 but don't worry no one would come to mine anyway, because no one cares about me! 😁 This was a good rant, clearly emojis made this more coherent haha if I type like a 9 year old maybe I can be one again and go to school and scream at anyone that I need help and want to kill myself, because not being direct about it is how I got through school without anyone giving a shit about me 😂😂 and I went to college to get away from my abusive parents relationship and then my mom died while I was there! 😂😂😂 God fuck I can't type like this anymore, I just need some help, and I'm stuck in a bubble of nothing. I don't have a car I don't have insurance, but that doesn't even matter because the idea of talking to someone directly gives me panic attacks. The only thing I'm going to do today is lay in bed and shake, maybe I'll get bored and put on some YouTube video for background noise, maybe I'll get up and make something to eat later, maybe I won't, it doesn't matter I'll still gain weight regardless. I have nothing, why can't someone see how much I'm suffering and just off me? Why can't I just get some courage and get a gun permit? Why can't the fucking student loan company email someone else, I don't have any money, I don't plan on living long enough to pay them back. I just want everything to go away. I can't watch TV or play Minecraft without having a panic attack how do they expect me to deal with real life problems. My eyes hurt from crying and I have a terrible headache for the forth day in a row. Please God if you're real just have some mercy on a dying animal and off me so I don't have to keep suffering in this bubble of failure and nothing.