Pissed off that I'm still alive...I'm 21, soon to turn 22, and I should have killed myself when I was 18. I basically knew it was over at that point but for some reason I let myself stay alive, and rolled with the inner turmoil for an extra -almost - 4 years. And what do I have to show for it? I'm sicker than ever and left feeling more guilty; and now my death would probably significantly fuck up two other people. 

It's fair to say that my quality of life is complete and utter garbage. To give you a rundown: 
1. I fucked up my education big time. Like I said I'm almost 22 and I only have a semester of credits at a community college. 
2. I have zero friends in real life. 
3. I've spent the last seven years compulsively exercising, to the point of rubbing my skin raw until it bleeds and bruises (my back). I do this all day and everyday and it totally eclipses everything in my life. 
4. I only leave the house once a week if I'm lucky, for a few hours. This is because despite almost being 22, I just recently got my license because I was actively held back by a narcissist who is very threatened by my attempts at independence. 
5. I've been severely mentally ill for years with little to no assistance. And my OCD is at the point where it could probably look almost look like  psychosis in certain moments 
6. I have spent the last 7 years severely dissociated and I can't figure out a way to stop. My hearing literally gets cut off when I'm around people, and I can feel my skin go numb. Circumstances like this makes it impossible to want to be around people, even if I had the opportunity to. 
7. I have become a completely nasty and embittering person, and I'm constantly angry at my myself and other people. This creates a feedback loop in my mind and the guilt is an absolute savage. It's very tightly tied to my OCD which is a lot about morality. 
8. My gender dysphoria from childhood is back!!! I had severe dysphoria in childhood that seemed to disappear for many years. This is too long and complicated to get into, but the rage and envy I feel about not being born male is out of this fucking world folks. My dysphoria is largely tied to my sexuality and in some ways I don't completely trust it and have many ways of interpreting it. But it's getting ugly. No doubt my OCD has attached itself onto constantly contemplating the very nature of what a gender identity is in the first place. 
9. I have no stable support to reach out to in dealing with any of this. And even if I manage to pull off getting support from my parents (the money isn't really there) it's going to come at a huge price of constant guilting and shaming. 
10. I was and continue to be abused by my mother who is, as I've said, a narcissist. She has no understanding of boundaries or how to behave appropriately in relationships and has the mentality of a 3 year old. After she financially abusing my father, leaving us in ruins and debt, my father has packed on probably 60 pounds. And he was already heavy. He's basically my only thread to life and only with his support can I have any hope of gaining independence. But he's in his mid 50s and definitely on his way to a heart attack now. He refuses to go to the doctor even when I've offered to call and make the appointment and even go with him. He's got social anxiety so I thought that might help, but to no avail. 
11. I'm not intelligent enough to make it through college if I can even manage to get my foot back in the door. I have a pretty debilitating learning disability and my grades have always been on over the place, from high honors to straight up failure. I don't trust myself to not fuck up college and I am deathly afraid of facing my limitations. 
12. I think about suicide just about everyday

I honestly would love to just down my prescription medication and never wake up. My hope is totally killed. If Prozac doesn't work out well for me I think I'm a goner. 