I'd rather die than live like this.I really would. I posted on here because I debate suicide and it's the least likely place I'll get bashed. I just need to vent as well. I'm going to try to keep it short.

Long story short, I have dental problems. Severe dental problems. I'm almost out of teeth as it is, and I'm getting ready to lose more because I can't afford root canals or braces.

It started off when I needed braces when I was 17. My parents didn't give a shit, so I never got them. That's fine, sucks though. Fast forward to last year. I get some insurance and I'm able to get 4 extra teeth out. Impacted wisdoms and 2 canines that were supposed to be brought down off the roof of my gums with braces. Got them out and I feel a lot better. I can speak without a lisp now.

Well. The last 6 months at the very least, the last 2 months especially, my teeth have went to SHIT. Ever since I got all those teeth out it's been a lot easier for me to take care of them. I have a top tooth on the right corner that is SEVERELY chipped because I couldn't reach it to brush or floss. It's gotten worse in the last 2 days. It's tender and it hurts. It's gotten to the root. 

I pretty much have no teeth on my left side. The last 2 teeth I have there are cavity ridden at the root and have moved around so much they are basically backwards and upside down. And last night I just chipped a huge chunk off one of my bottom teeth while I was trying to painfully eat a sandwhich.

Once I got the teeth removed from before, the last few teeth I have on the left side have moved around so much there is basically no point in keeping them. I can't afford root canals to at least save my top teeth. (I'm on Medicaid....)

Fuck it. I'm done with this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being stressed to the point of tears. Just when I put a dent in getting over my depression and feel happy again, this happens. If I don't get my teeth fixed in the next month at the very least I'm going to lose them. I can't afford anything and I have no idea what direction to head in.

Fuck this, I'm out.

Please someone help me. I want to feel good about myself. I've fought so hard to be happy and tasted it again and now I don't even want to speak because I have no teeth. I'm going to lose everything.....
