Haven't felt this suicidal for over a decade, for the shittiest reason.My childhood was in big parts really shitty, I have thought about killing myself at age 12 or 13 for the first time.
Over my adult years it has gotten better, I had a stable relationship, a horrible 9 to 5 job, but I think when I hit the quarter life crisis I felt I have to catch up to my missing years. I quit my job, my loveless relationship was more or less mutually ended, I lost weight and got some style and got over my social phobia. 

Problem is, I tried to juggle the typical student life, work/study/women/party/friends/hobbies. I was too anxious, chaotic and depressed in long stretches for that I think, and I more or less crashed my studies. I could go back to a normal job I think, build something regular. 

My biggest problem was the terrible lonelyness though, I always looked for my soulmate, my partner, a girl that would love me as I love her, love me for what I am. Cuddle up and have a good time. For the last two months I found this girl in a colleague, a freshman, 19 years freshly enrolled on my university. She apparently fell for me, and I should've known that it is a foolish pursuit, to follow on her crush and date her. But I did it anyway, and it was the happiest time I had for years. I felt secure with her, and she seemed secure with me. She was just like I wanted it to be, cuddly nights in her bed on netflix, lots of wild and intense and intimate lovingly sex, she was caring and tried to make me feel good. Her smile made every dark depressed day of mine seem better.

Seven days ago I stayed the last time at her place. All seemed fine, we had a good time like always, with cuddling, sex, even showered together for the first time. Five days ago I walked her home at night after work, we agreed to go separate ways this night because she has to get up really early, but she seemed happy that I walked her home. We shared long intense kisses and the longest hug I've ever had with her. I felt kinda anxious for some reason, but good.

Three days ago she texted me that she had a lot of sleepless nights lately, she thought about us. She really wanted to have this with me, she really tried. And I believe this, because how she behaved it really seems she wanted to have an "us". But our age-gap is too big for her to overcome for something longterm serious. And I am caring, nice and she really likes me, but her feelings are just not enough for something.

I guess I should've seen it coming. I always kinda knew that she won't be the girl for the rest of my life. But I thought we could at least enjoy something mid-term, if not even long-term until one of us finishes university. Maybe it would've even grown into something real, who knows. There are couples with marriage and kids with weirder starts than someone who bumbles through college with 28 and a girl that just enrolled, falling for each other at work.

I felt really stable and secure with her. I tried to get my shit together this semester and finish my studies. I tried to repair my life for her. But now she's gone and everything has come crashing down on me. My mind is racing between trying to cope and say "it's just a girl, there's a hundred others for you, you just have to date again. C'mon it can be fun and interesting.", telling me "You will never get a girl like her again, something this innocent, sweet, always smiling"...I can't forget her voice, her laugh, even the funny cute sounds she made during sex are always on my mind it is driving me insane, and from day to day I get more suicidal.

There are millions of people who wanted to die for love, who killed themselves over broken hearts, the literature and popculture is full of it, sure. I'm nothing special. But I really feel like..why even go on and try? Why rebuild my life, if it's just a spiral downwards in the end, with some few lucky happy flat and comfy slopes in between? Why dating again, if I might get hurt again? If these moments of happyness when you feel the warmth of someone wanting to be near you are so fleeting? I just hate myself that I can't be want she wants. She probably felt like she doesn't want to be a part of my life anymore and walked out. For whatever reasons, I can't handle it. Especially because it felt so perfect a short while before. We made so many plans. She seemed so happy.

It feels like it doesn't matter in the end, why fight for love, a stable life or anything like that if it all matters so less?

It is kinda good to vent on here, I'm glad that there are random strangers on the internet who may or may not feel my pain. It won't repair my life, maybe even not safe it anymore, but it kinda eased the pain for a short while, when I typed this off my chest.