I've had wavering suicidal thoughts since I was 12. I'm almost 21 and nothing is going right. I'm ready to just give up.Title. I remember being miserable as far back as I can consciously remember. I remember calling the Suicide hotline when I was 13 and being hung up on because I was "making excuses for everything" the lady on the other end was saying while "trying to help."

I've been a loser forever. Always picked on, always forgotten, always pushed aside.

I'm the black sheep of my family. They're all a bunch of pious, christian, straight, white, baptist fanatics. I'm a white, bisexual, atheist. My mom constantly tells me I just need God, so I don't tell her anything personal. My dad just brushes me off and tells me I need to just be happy, so I don't tell him anything personal.

I've been on a downward fucking spiral since I graduated high school. I moved out of my parents, got slapped with paying a stupid amount of rent every month, failed my college programming class, lost my scholarship, flopped around looking for jobs, dropped out, took out credit card debt to fix my car, struggled paying rent until my lease ran out, kept flopping around from one job to the next, moved back in with my parents, and crashed my car.

That's not to mention the health issues I've got. I have the exact same issues as my mom who has fibromyalgia, though I haven't been diagnosed. I have a benign tumor growing from the inside of my femoral neck into my hip, causing me to suffer in basically constant back, hip, and neck pain.

So today, I'm living with my parents because I have nowhere else to go, sleeping on an air mattress, relying on my parents whom I bicker with constantly for any sort of travel, my staffing agency that I'm currently employed with has had no work for me that's within my affordable travel range, and I haven't had so much as a job interview in the past 4 months, despite my efforts to send out applications.

I don't even know why the fuck I decided to write this. I don't think anyone gives a shit. I sure as hell don't. I'm ready to give up and put a bullet in my skull, but I don't even have that privilege as my parents don't have any firearms.

Wat do?