Was going to kill myself, but THENI took SERTRALINE!!!!

And now it's 6 months on and I *STILL want to kill myself!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3* 

But see- I don't have the drive and motivation to do it like I used to. 

I don't feel the thrill in planning my suicide anymore.

Before I took these pills, I had my plan all written and set, I was ready to leave all this shit behind.

 It was April and I was at my lowest ever point and I had had enough. I live near a coast in England and cold water shock makes drowning a sure thing around here, I had so much fun researching; reading about the euphoria of drowning in salt water. With my limited resources (no guns, cyanide, or basically any access to the most painless methods of suicide), I decided that drowning in salt water was my beautiful, fatal method...  Oh, Ophelia, I should never have read Hamlet. 

But some time before I went through with it, my friends and family intervened with my fantasies and thoughts. I spoke to a doc, they upped my meds and then I started to feel better.  I was put on 100mg of sertraline and there was a point where I really felt it was working, I didn't think about killing myself anymore, I was happy- the best version of myself, dare I say. I felt confident- almost invincible, even.

And now it's 3 months down the road and my serotonin super powers have worn off, leaving me quite hollow;  but a shell of my past self. I just don't really feel anything these days aside from irritability. I don't care about anything. I have very little empathy.  I have this almost diluted feeling of wanting to die, yet it's not quite concentrated enough for me to be *bothered* to act on it- which I don't understand.

 It feels like I'm in limbo- somewhere in-between wanting to *feel* good things again, or just wanting to feel bad and desperate enough again to kill myself. I don't like this numbness; this feeling of being neither here nor there. I'm so bored that I have this dumb desire to do 'self destructive' things like drug myself up. I've been taking codeine to relax on occasion and I just think wow, why don't I do some heroin or something \* subscribes to r/Opiates \*.

 (that's not even a joke, I actually did subscribe lmao) But yeah, I feel as though I might as well take something just to FEEL something. I can't get excited about anything. It's hard enough to find purpose within this stupid unescapable system without the burden of being weighed down by whatever weight is crushing my skull.. 

Obviously the logical and RATIONAL thing to do here is go and tell my doctor. But ya know, appointments take 2 weeks and well, it's a weekend and it's closed so... over to you Dr.Reddit. 

Does anybody else have similar experiences of feeling numb on medication? Or if not on medication, a feeling of wanting to die but not having the motivation to do it? 