My self righteous suicide, because even angels deserve to die.This is the beginning of an end. I've started making preparations. Walking around the grocery store earlier in tears I began shopping for my final meals. Meals? Why not? Death Row inmates get one final meal, and I've been much better to my fellow mankind than a death row inmate, so I get 3. One tonight, one tomorrow night and one Monday night and it's lights out Tuesday morning.

This season has broken me. A little rewind first; skip back to my broken childhood home. I never really felt love. Most of the time I saw hatred and violence, mostly fueled by alcoholism and drug abuse. My step dad was a master manipulator and everyone took his side all the time. Didn't matter what, it was always made to look like my fault. By the time everyone had seen through the lies, it was years too late and took him dying of an overdose on his 58th birthday February 22nd 2017. I'd already been kicked out of my home at age 16 and fended for myself the best way I knew how for years. 

Those years I speak of I endured long bouts of homelessness, being used and abused by men in exchange for a warm places to sleep in a brutal northern climate. Taken advantage of and stolen from by others on the streets. I pulled myself up out of all that, found work, got a home, etc.

Looking back, especially now, and I realized that every relationship I engaged in, people didn't care about me for me. Women used me, were after my money and drugs and possessions. When those things ran out, so did they. Or they'd cheat, get caught and I'd put them to the curb where cheaters belong. I'm divorced twice with 2 kids, a girl 15 and a boy 8.

So called friends were no different. After many of the same things. No one has ever cared about me for me. Only what I have to offer. So I fall in love with a girl, we're together 10 years and I moved to her home state for 7 of them. Things were rough there, 900 miles from home and didn't know anyone. Caught her cheating several times but stayed with her out of true love. Then one day she invited one of her buddies from Call of Duty Black Ops Zombies to meet in person and he never left. I was chased out of my own home and forced to leave my beloved little boy under the threat of violence and forced to return to my home state with nowhere to go during winter, owning nothing but a small suitcase and a backpack.

Fortunately, my ex wife took me in for a spell, allowing for me to bond with my daughter whom I hadn't seen in 7 years I was away in another state due to lack of funds for travel. I stayed there until I got a place on my own in July  2016. I busted my ass long and hard, working 60-70 hour weeks and built everything from scratch. Bought my first car at age 38, finally had a place that was all mine, bought all my own furnishings, etc. Spent a fortune on  the side taking my daughter to shows, meals, shopping, etc to try and make up some of the time I was away and still found time volunteering for those less fortunate than myself. 

Fast forward to this season / today;
Despite 2 years back here in my home state, building up a place for myself from nothing, buying my first car, trying my best to bond with my daughter etc, I spend my time alone in solitude. After being out of state for 7 years I returned to a vastly different home. Everyone I thought were friends were dead, incarcerated or fled the area due to the high cost of living in this area. I soldiered on, keeping myself busy working and volunteering 70-80 hours a week and seeing my kid when I could. Then in October I was shot at and held hostage in my line of work. It ended my 17 year  career as I could never go around picking up intoxicated strangers again in the dark for money without thinking how close I came to eating a .45 caliber bullet to the face the last time. Suddenly I have loads of free time and no one to spend it with. So I took up managing the campaign that raised $72,000 for the homeless in little red kettles outside stores staffed by humble folks with a hand bell. In doing do I also facilitated the distribution of toys to over 1,500 kids whose families signed up for financial assistance. Instant karma right?! Wrong.

I was raised to believe I reap what I sow. Well I certainly know what I sowed this season and here is what I reaped; Nothing. Despite buying hundreds of dollars worth of gifts for those I consider dear to me, despite my charitable work, I got NOTHING. Even the church went around and handed prepaid $30 Visa cards to everyone in the room and thanked them for their roles in the Christmas campaign except me. The woman handing them out made eye contact with me, scowled, and quickly turned away from me. I spent Christmas eve, Christmas day, and every day since then alone. No gifts, no meal, no phone calls, no "thanks for my expensive gift!", nothing. I even made it clear to several people I wasn't able to go out and visit them because snow removal is not included in my rent and I've no snow tires on my car. Did anyone come visit? Nope. I ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and kool-aid for Christmas dinner because it's all I had in the cabinets and I was snowed in. Not one soul called to check on me, stop by and visit, offer to pick me up, bring me a meal, nothing. New Year's eve and day went the same. I kept asking my 15 year old to visit and she kept telling me "Mom won't let me, she says I have to go to xxxxx house, and she says tomorrow night I have to go to aunt xxxx house, etc". I blow up on my ex asking why she won't allow my kid to see me on the holiday and she denied it. Instead, my daughter had been blaming her mother for intentionally avoiding me to spend the holiday with friends so she didn't have to be bothered with checking up on her dad. When  I told her she'd have stopped anything dead in her tracks if her mom was depressed and alone, her response was "Well she didn't abandon me for 7 years, and I can't handle your mental state since you got shot at." (PTSD, 40% hearing loss in one ear, severe anxiety) She then blocked me on Facebook and all other means of communication for over a week now. 

So that's what I get for 2 years of hard work trying to rebuild our relationship. Left alone I  the cold for the holidays. 3 days from now I turn 40. Again, no one will call, visit, bear gifts, nothing. It'll be day #16 I've spent totally alone. Only I'm not going to anymore. Game over. Tuesday January 9th, God willing, I go home.

All I ever wanted were true friends who loved me in sickness and in health, whether I be rich or poor, homeless or housed.


TL;DR: I've done the best I can do and despite that, no one loves or appreciates me, only what I can do for them. I quit.