Ruined my own lifeMost of my childhood I was unhappy, but never really processed how bad the situation was until I was 10. Before age 10, whenever I was frustrated I would cry. Which was a lot. 

My father would always call me a "faker" when I'd cry because I 'smile' when I cry. Completely would invalidate any feelings I actually had along with my mother.

It wasn't until age 10 that I started acknowledging my parents were indeed shitty. 

Description of my father:
1st he never actually wanted to be a Father. He's flat out stated to me that he wishes I had been aborted. (Me too, buddy)
Very absent as a father, despite having lived in the same house together my entire life.
Thinks that he's amazing, and that everyone else is beneath him. Has strong philosophical/and political views. Forces said opinions on others. Big hothead. Thinks he's right about every topic ever. 

Description of my mother:
Claims to be this positive, nice, wholesome person. Constantly involving herself in drama. Gossiping. Quick tempered. Belittles everything. Always points out flaws of others; excludes self of any wrongdoings. 

It's hard to know which one really fucked me up worse. I honestly hold a lot of resentment and don't know what to do. There are a lot of things they've said and done to me that I feel are unforgivable, and they have no remorse anyways.  They view me as the problem. They think their actions are ok. 

Can never just have a conversation with my mom. If I somehow upset her even by just disagreeing with something, I'm "crazy", and she goes off on me. If I  do something wrong even accidently,  she'll always bring it up and remind me. But if she does something wrong, I need to "get over it". 
Something about her, is that she has always  had a very bad memory. She never remembers things, and always gets things wrong. Everyone that knows her, is aware of this. The problem with this is that she is always so CERTAIN that she remembered things right. She basically creates her own memories. This is for even basic everyday things. Ex: She'll think something is on sale, it is not, then she insists it is. Makes a big scene, and flips out on me. Now for other situations it's very annoying. I can't say for sure that she's flat out lying, but at times it does appear that way. For example if her and I are 'arguing' she'll tell it all to my father and she'll add things that never happened/ never were said. Doesn't even explain what originally happened. Makes me sound horrible and portrays herself as a victim. 

My father would automatically take her side without even allowing me a chance to explain what happened. I'd get screamed at for things I never did/said. Me denying those things would have him brand me a liar. He'd call me every name in the book. Every. Single. Name. Constantly threatened to hit me, and would legit swing at me at times. It was rare that he *actually* hit me, but he always brought that tension. He was filled with rage. He has broken countless objects in my room over nothing.  (This happened mostly from ages 10-16) I would often attempt to defend myself during these ages. I'd tire myself out, stress myself out by trying to keep up with him and tell him that he's a terrible father, and that what my mother and I argue about  has nothing to do with him. Looking back wasn't a good idea to even acknowledge him, because there's no getting through to him. 

This kind of thing happened so often, pretty much daily during those times. Mainly revolved around school. My mom hated driving me to school. Everyday to wake me up she'd literally come in and legit kick my head. (I slept on my bedroom floor at this time) She'd always already be in a bad mood to wake me up everyday. "Wake up dumbass". Never a simple "Time for school" or "Good morning". I'm actually a light sleeper so you could literally just say my name once and I'd wake up.  

At age 13 I became actually depressed. This is a really heavy topic, but I legit remember my 1st time contemplating suicide. 
I completely hated myself just as much as my parents hated me, if not more. 

I lost all motivation. I really hated going to school. I didn't see a future for myself anymore. I started skipping it as much as possible, which in turn only made my homelife situation worse. It wasn't because my parents cared, it was because "your loser ass isn't going to make us go to jail". So in a way I am partly responsible for why things got more intense. I would downright refuse to go at times and an officer would come pick me up, forcing me to go. I never made a fuss to authority btw. I listened right away and was polite. 

I remember once I was not wanting to go to school and my father was screaming at me and I'll never forget he said, "I can't wait until I can stomp on your head in hell." and my father dragged me by my hair from my bedroom, all through the hallway, to the front door. 
Another time he poured an entire bucket of what I can best describe as "sewage" water onto my head. (Basically our sink is messed up and leaks out this horrid brown and black liquid that smells absolutely disgusting) 

At age 16 early September, after a particularly bad fight, my father threatened to kick me out if I got into another argument with either him or my mother. In this fight he told me I'm a failure and that I should drop out of school because I'll fail anyways. Well, even though I wanted out of this house so badly I had/have nowhere else to go. That seemed so scary. I decided I wouldn't ever talk to them again. I never officially dropped out, I just never went back. That was in 2014. I've never spoken to my father ever since. I didn't talk to my mother either for 4 months. Eventually I did talk to her and just completely sucked up to her essentially. I would blindly agree with her on anything she said, and do what she wanted me to. I was so lonely. I did that so I could at least go places (just stores...) 

Time passes and things only got worse. In 2016 in July (my birth month) I got a really bad infection in my arm. I didn't know it was an intection neccesarily at the time, since I've never had any issues like that. All I knew was that my arm was completly red and had an intense tightening feeling.  After a couple of days, it got increasingly worse. I remember showing it to my mom. Days passed.  On my literal 18th birthday I couldn't move my arm. Finally my mother decided to bring me to an urgent care center. Funnily enough, they actually rejected me because I didn't have an ID...on my 18th birthday. Went to another place and the guy prescribed me antibiotics sent me on my way. Thought all was merry.  Like 2 days afterwards it spread even further up my arm, right up to my shoulder. My skin looked so nasty and was incredibly painful. I asked my mom to make a doctor's appointment. She said she would. Later this day, she ended up yelling at me over leaving the garage door open. (It was an accident) She turned it into a fight and said "You know what? You can deal with that!" 'That' meaning my arm. I remember just going in my room and sobbing. 

The only person I have to thank is my brother. He's a year older than me. He is normally really quiet, and just goes with what they say. This is the 1st time he publically defended me. He said I need to see a doctor. I feared he would get yelled at too, but she actually listened to him.
Went to the family doctor. He suspected it was a brown recluse bite and said I needed to go to the hospital. Never have been to a hospital in my life btw. Ended up being in the hospital for 4 days. During that time at one point my mom yelled at me, at the fucking hospital, and left me there alone. My brother visited and stayed the night twice. No one else visited me. 

Somehow I still tried to suck up to my mom after this. It wasn't until an entire year later (July 2017) on my birthday-again! That was when my mom said really fucked up things to me that made me realize I really can't deal with her. She also laughed at my 1st panic attack I'd ever had. I haven't talked to her since. It's very interesting/unique how I live in this house but don't speak with either of my parents. Nobody knows this outside of this house.
Even my older half siblings have no idea. Obviously, I'm not close with them at all...

Anyways, at this point I'm 19 years old, birthday is in 4 months. I have nothing to my name. I don't even have an ID made, can't drive, no job, dropout. I've never been to a party, never had a boyfriend, hell never even had my first kiss. I have nothing going for me in life. I am the biggest failure to exist. I don't have a way to get out of this house. I'm stuck here. I actually haven't left my house at all since October. I don't want to live like this, and it's not possible to change my life. Meaning there isn't a chance for things to "get better". They'll only get worse.  

I do realize and accept that not everything is my parents fault btw. Ultimately I decided to not go to school, I was too weak and stupid to stay in school. I let them affect me, etc;
Even though I feel that they caused me a lot of pain, I don't blame them entirely for my problems. Nonetheless, I'm so unhappy and miserable.
I've decided that I need to die.  I've always contemplated it, daydreamed even, but never really acted on it. I only attempted once in 2016,  and it was a mediocre attempt tbh. I'm truly ready now. I actually feel relieved already? Just knowing it'll all be over soon.

