Why do I feel like this?I don't really even know what to say, here. I've never posted to something like this before.

I don't know how long this post will be, so sorry in advance if it gets long. My thoughts are also pretty jumbled, right now, so sorry if it seems like I'm rambling, or if I didn't structure this post so well. So, here we go. This is how I feel, I guess.

I'm 21 years old, and I was never so good at this thing called life. My life was never terribly bad, I wasn't beat, I wasn't molested. No, nothing like that. Just never good at life... I've had dreams, goals, but never made them come true. Don't get me wrong, I'm a pretty smart guy. But I'm a quitter. I didn't feel like putting forth the effort.

I really like the outdoors. Fishing, hiking, camping, they all make me feel good, most times. I'm even going to college for environmental sciences next year. Well, maybe... I don't know if I'll make it that long.

Even with going to school for something I love, to get a career in something I actually enjoy...I don't think I can enjoy life. I don't know why I feel this way. I just do.

I used to have a good amount of friends. There used to be a girl I loved. But I pushed most of them away. I don't know why I did it. Some of it was from mistakes I've made, making them not like me anymore. Most of the ones who didn't turn away from me because of my mistakes, I've pushed away, or just stopped putting in the effort to stay friends with them. I don't know why... I guess I didn't want to truly hurt them, or for them to end up hurting me. But in doing so, I've become so lonely...

I want to be social, but I'm not good at it. I can talk through text/typing pretty well, but when it comes to talking face to face, I always find myself struggling to find words. Not that that matters so much. I live in a small town, almost everyone knows me. Which would be fine, if I wasn't basically an outcast at school. That's how they all remember me, so I can't really make new friends here.

I have two friends left. To keep things anonymous, but to also keep things easy to understand, I'll call them John and Sam.

So, John. He's the best friend anyone could ask for. He's loyal, fun, smart, strong willed, and would die for anyone he considers family. I don't know how it happened, but I was blessed in some way to become friends with him. We'd do anything for each other. We're almost the exact same, as well, which makes getting along with him easy. We're both pretty fucked up in the head with our humor, sometimes. But even with him, I do some subconscious stuff to try to push him away. I don't try to...it just happens. Thankfully he's a stubborn bastard. He kind of knows how I feel, but I try to hide it from him. I've become really good at hiding it... But sometimes I slip up, and I know he can tell how I feel. At least a little.

Sam. She's amazing. Caring, nice, smart, funny, and so beautiful. Not just outside, she's truly beautiful on the inside, too. We dated a couple times, but it never worked out. We were better as friends. She moved, not too long ago, and now she lives a couple states away. We text a lot, and I've shared some of my darker thoughts with her. She's caring, and does her best. But it's hard to truly do something just through text, when you live so far away...

Two friends. Not a lot, but very good ones. But even with them, as amazing as they are, I feel so lonely.

So why do I feel this way? My life isn't terribly bad. So why do I feel like I'm not cut out for life? I want to live...I truly do. But I feel like I can't do it. And that scares me...