I almost died today. I WANT TO KEEP LIVING AND SO DO YOU.Hello reddit. Today I almost died. I'm still in quite a shock, but I believe I must share what I learned with you all.
Sorry for the wall of text, but do read my story, I hope it may help you somehow.

Long story short about my past:
I was a cutter from 13 to 16. Back then all I wanted was to die, but didn't have the guts to do it. Of course, when I was 16 years old I cut myself severely and after a while I decided that, even though my life had many problems, cutting and thinking about death wouldn't solve anything.

All this time I had a very dedicated psychologist. She helped me through all the process.
A year ago, 21 years old, I went through a very traumatic experience and I simply wasn't coping with it. After some time my psychologist decided I should see a shrink to get me on meds.
I did as she said and it wasn't too long until I went back to cutting.
The problem, however, was that this time I REALLY wanted to kill myself. I overdosed while drunk twice, I was also taken to the hospital due to severe cutting (that night especially I didn't think anyone would find me... I wanted to bleed to death, but anyway... doesn't matter), etc etc etc...
I was on the verge (and still am) of being institutionalized due to this behavior.

I've been thinking about killing myself for a long time now. The only reason that keeps me going is my mother. I lived just not to break her heart.

----

SO TODAY I was mad at absolutely everything over some really stupid shit. I was supposed to meet my best friend but texted him to cancel it, since I wasn't in the mood. I was going to buy a new razor and cut myself again.
My best friend called me before reading the text, saying he was already on his way to meet me so I decided to go, warning him I was in a really bad mood.

We eventually got drunk. He really cheered me up, so I decided I would be on my way home, have dinner and go to bed... again to wait for ANOTHER POINTLESS DAY... How lame...

So we were on our way home and, in our drunk wisdom, we thought it was a GREAT idea to take a walk in a pontoon (a floating dock, wtv) by the river (a very disgusting and smelly one, by the way).

We were drunk. It was dark. It was cold (yeah, it's winter). There were barely no lights. I remember reading a sign saying something like "warning, don't cross, danger of falling in the river". I thought to myself "yeah, right!"

So we were in the middle, I notice I was getting off balance, so I turned back to be in balance again. There were pretty big spaces between the steps, but I never thought they would be enough for me to fall in the water... in fact... I thought if I fell there would be some kind of platform before reaching the water. YEAH RIGHT.

I fell.
I was underwater for about... ten seconds(?)... but it seemed like hours... I can't even describe.
I didn't really understand what was going on, neither had I any sense whether I was upside down or not. The only thing I realized was that I was going down fast and that I wanted to swim up.
That was the only thing I cared about. I wanted to go up up up up!!!

So finally I see my friend, hanging like a monkey or something, trying desperately to save me. I had two books in my hands and I think he told me to forget about them. No way sir, books must be saved. I threw the books as far as I could so they could reach safe ground and then came the hardest part... Me getting out of there.

I was really deep. There was NO ONE around: NO ONE. I was losing strength, my friend tried to pull me up and I hit with my head twice on that damned dock and fell again.
At this point he thought I was giving up, so he kept insisting that I had to be strong, to hold his hand, to keep trying.
I wasn't giving up. I was of course just half awake, losing my grip, but never did giving up passed through my mind. I just needed to calm down and get a grip.
So I finally get enough strength to get my legs on a little step and my friend did the rest. Pulled me and I was finally safe.

I was dizzy. I wasn't sure of what I was feeling. Now I know. I realized: I don't want to die.
I could have died. My friend could have not been able to help me, there was no one around, it was dark, it was cold, I didn't even know what was going on.
When I realized I lived... Guys, I mean it.... I don't want to die anymore.
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter how much you suffer. There is nothing as pointless as a ridiculous death. You may think you are unworthy, unloved, living a pointless life,... Well, maybe you are going through some tough shit and believe me, I know what you feel like.

But understand when I tell you this:
When you are about to die the only thing that goes through your head is living. If you are thinking about taking your life right now remember this. You will want to live. BELIEVE ME: YOU WILL! All of us want to live even if we don't know it. When the time comes... earlier than what it should... all you want is to live another day, see another sunset, smile at someone you love.

Guys, don't do it. No matter how hard it is, there is always a way. For me, as ridiculous as it can be, this incident made me realize how much I actually love my life and the ones in it.

It is worth it :) Be strong people!

With love.