I don't see the purpose of living anymore.I've always been incredibly socially inept, but until recently I've been (naively) trying to improve those skills, convinced that I can do something about my flaws. And I've managed that; I managed to gain a few friends that I hang out with time to time, and I've managed to become able to talk to people without losing my nerve. Compared to many others here, I'm not even sure if I have a right to be talking like this; I feel like I should feel happy, that my situation is so much more fortunate than others.

I'm a person that spends his time musing about philosophy. When I am with my friends or with family, I feel a boost of initial happiness; for that time, I can forget about things, and just enjoy life. But afterwards, I notice that my thought patterns have been incredibly "dumbed down" compared to when I'm alone, and that this boost of happiness is only a sort of narcotic, distracting me from the truth.

And I've started to see the truth in a different light. At school, I can start paving the way to a "successful life"; get good grades, enter a good college, get a good job; but in the end, none of that matters. I'm also become convinced that what we call "love" is only the mindset originating from loneliness combined with biological sexual attraction; and that it really doesn't exist. Humans can only think, fundamentally, for and about themselves.

So what's the point? The truth about life is that everything is meaningless; if I do something amazing, that might temporarily distract me, but happiness isn't the baseline. It always returns to the meaninglessness of life. Even worse, I feel that during these thoughts my mind feels the most clear; and I've become convinced that "happiness" itself is an illusion.

I don't think I will kill myself; no, I'm much too much a coward for that, and I can't bring that pain to my family as well. No, I feel like I'll keep slogging on, every day, doing superficial things, while continually tormented by the thought that none of this matters. I feel like I'm running every day on no energy, and I have no idea what to do.

Again, do I even have a right to talk like this? I see people in so much worse situations; I'm an educated intellectual, or at least I'm supposed to be. I'm sincerely sorry for rambling so much, but I really couldn't think of anything else.