I've acted as a terrible person this year, does that mean I will never be able to call myself a good person again?I had a mental breakdown a year ago. I used to smoke way too much weed (5 spliffs) and cigarettes (15 per day) and I ate extremely unhealthy too for 9 years. On top of that I had just lived life without thinking clearly and just lived in the moment. I became suicidal. My mind was set on killing myself. The worst depression ever. No more hope. Everything is ruined.

Then I contact my ex who I dumped with a pathetic message about missing her a lot, breaking up was a mistake etc, but she blocked me. In some random, dumb, depressed, idiotic, life-ruining impulse I made a new account and wrote extremely suicidal texts to her. She said she had improved a lot and I said. 'Fuck improving. I'm done with life. Pointless bullshit anyway. You still want my cat?'...

After that she got angry. I start to explain it. She engages, but then blocks me. This happens like 8 times. I was doing it without thinking. Blocked, new account, blocked, new account. After doing it once, it was no problem to do it twice. I was being extremely vulnerable and naively trying to talk with her while she was just saying mean stuff trying to get me to stop. I don't understand that because I'm always thinking about my own emotions instead of others. She's also filled with hate towards me because I suddenly dumped her without any emotion. However, a large part of my reasoning for that was actually quite selfless: I knew she was wasting her life with me. She called me to forgive a few months later, but I just ignored it and after that she was done with me. Around September last year I asked her to call, but she refused. Back then I still had a healthy mind so I just thought 'whatever', but now I was extremely depressed and not thinking straight so I really wanted to talk with her. Just doing things in a rush.

After a while she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. I don't understand she's talking about irrational behavior so I reply that I did change without elaborating. I said that because I hit the gym 6 times per week, eat extremely healthy, quit smoking, graduated and starting my career so I've improved a lot the past 2 years. That's her cue to explode. She writes an extremely mean message filled with hate, disdain and degrading stuff. 'You'll never learn how to live your life' 'Loser' 'Whiner' 'This is the same irrational behavior as at that concert when you were arguing with random ppl' 'Will move on to someone much better' and a bunch of other hate. She also told me she would never reply again.

Then it becomes chaos in my head. It was already chaos, but after that it just went overboard. I hate those insults so much. They repeat in my head all the time. I can't cope with it. I'm too emotionally weak already. I struggled to recover from my suicidal thoughts and this on top of it was too much. 'You'll never learn how to live your life'... Constantly repeating in my head. Flashbacks to arguing at that concert. Feeling even worse about myself.

Initially I fucking HATED her! She was 8 years older and came into my life and I never asked for it and then she can't even bring herself to end it without a bunch of insults that are so toxic for my mental health at that time! So I was fucking angry and wrote very insulting messages back in the beginning. Doesn't she understand that I was just trying to defend myself, end it in peace and that breaking up was quite selfless because I knew I wasn't good enough for her??? And wtf, kicking someone at his lowest point, what kind of maniac does that??? Do you want me to kill myself or wtf??? And oh, what is this fucking tough girl routine about? I'm extremely vulnerable and I didn't tell you those things so you could judge me. BITCH! That's what I thought. I was completely filled with hatred towards her because she should have never tried to date an 8 year younger guy while she was of an age to start a family.

After that I changed though. I started to realize that I was in the wrong because I didn't accept her no. I changed my tone and began explaining all the time. Begging to talk it out. I did this for like 4 to 5 months because I couldn't think of anything else. I was completely obsessed by it. Just writing messages all day. Writing it, deleting it, writing it again. I was so frustrated because she wrote such a horrible last message filled with shit and then refused to talk it out. After a while she paused her Instagram to get me to stop. After that I wrote an extremely personal e-mail to her workmail that got forwarded to her co-workers in which I called myself a piece of shit and more dramatic stuff 😓 I fully took the blame in that one. I still had two weak moments, one was by writing a message to her LinkedIn. And two weeks ago I tried again after 3 months without contact because I still think about this allllllllll the time and I hate it so much. It has harmed me so much to have someone unleash so much hate on me. 'You'll never learn how to live your life' is an unbearable sentence for someone in my position.

Sigh. I just hate myself. I can't believe that this has happened. I hate that this is part of my life story. I feel like I should kill myself. What the fuck??? Those messages are also black on white. They won't disappear. She can expose me 10 years from now. I've officially ruined my life by being a crazy, deranged and idiotic stalker because I couldn't deal with those insults.

Oh and NOW, 9 months later... I finally can live with it a little bit and think to myself: why didn't I just quit talking after that last message. Or immediately after she was being a bitch... Man... 😓😓😓😓

What I should have done is end things correctly by meeting her, telling her that she's wasting her life on me and that I hope she'll find a great guy in the future and have children with him... But nooooooooo. Of course I have to be selfish, always hurt people and ruin a relationship with someone I still really love, but treated as a piece of garbage.