I don’t want to get up and start over. I’m tired..Well I hit a point I never really thought I would be at. Lately the depression and anxiety is really bad. I’m about to loose my job because it’s crippling me. I pushed all my friends away, and I know that’s on me.  I feel like I can’t talk to them because you are still very much involved in their lives. Last weekend I actually talked to one of the group. They mentioned that all my friends still love me and are really worried about me. I didn’t really know how to respond. I ask why are they worried. Their response was that it seems like the last few weeks you have been feeling really low. Well I still am. I broke down the other day and called the line. You know the one. I think I felt even worse after that than I did before. It was just kinda dumb, they just talk and say they are proud and you’re very strong for reaching out. Eventually I just got annoyed with it, lied and said thanks and I felt better. I didn’t, I just felt even more depressed.. I’m not sure how to fix this, and I have spent way to many nights beating myself up for past mistakes that cost me basically everything in the last 12 months. I don’t want to be able in that head space, I don’t to try and pretend I’m fine all the time. I’m not, I spend a lot of time thinking about just ending it all. Went for a walk the other night and brought one of my pistols with me. I wasn’t planning on coming back, I just couldn’t bring myself to do it when the time came. I don’t want to upset my family, that’s really the only reason I didn’t. It just sucks being in this head space without much outlet and just completely miserable all the time... for what? Just so my family doesn’t have to mourn me? Over the past few weeks even that seems to be fading for a reason to stay. If anything happens, just know I am sorry, I tried. I just can’t handle anymore of life. I’m tired of restarting and getting back up. I think I have suffered enough for the last 18 years. I’m just done, I think this time is when I quit and just stay down.