I feel like a husk.Just trying to describe the way I've been feeling lately. I honestly have no reason to be sad, or depressed. I went through a terrible break up with someone over the summer, we were together for a year. Well technically she was cheating on her boyfriend with me for a year, but that's a different story. The details on that are all fuzzy. All I know is that I felt this before meeting that person, she took these thoughts away. I remember what it was like the first time I was speaking to her when I was feeling like this. After minutes it seemed to vanish, that's kind of why I fell for her. She took the pain and this dead feeling away from me. But she's been gone for some time now. The feeling's worked it's way back in fully now. Pity. 

Anyway, the way that I feel again isn't of sadness or heartache. It's of nothingness. Few things seem to amuse me. I can be having the perfect life, doing well in school, having sex with random people, but these things that I do are just distractions. I feel that I do them out of necessity because I just have to do these things. I am graduating college this semester, have a nice job lined up with a fortune 500 in their accounting department. I'm seeing women and going out to parties. I have no drug dependencies whatsoever, except maybe nicotine, but that one's starting to fade. Only had one smoke today. None of these things give me pleasure or excitement. As a way to jump start my feelings I took a trip down south this past January and went skydiving from 14,000 feet in the air. I was excited for this. I have never done anything quite like it before. However, after experiencing that rush and thrill of it all, I still returned back to my normal nothingness state. If things give me pleasure it's grace quickly diminishes. I find it difficult to form long lasting relationships with women because of this. I have some amazing friendships with guys are girls alike, but pure intimacy has not been a thing for me since she left. It's not like I'm not trying, her and I simply were best friends. That's why it worked for so long. 

I don't want to say she is the root of the way I feel, because again, I felt like this before I even met her. I suppose I just got used to living while we were together. And I don't mean to sugar coat it, being with her absolutely destroyed my life. The jealousy, the secrecy, the manipulations. At least I felt like my life had meaning. Yeah, maybe that's why I feel like this. Meaning. Life doesn't seem to have much of it, now does it? Except for the meaning we assign it and all. But for me, it all seems pointless, we live, we die. I haven't come close to experiencing all that life has to offer, but at the same time, I don't really care. I have 0 motivation. I don't know why people see me as such a charismatic person. I'm just acting the way I think I should. Even as I type this, my face bares a blank face. No tears, no frowns, just a blank stare. 

I don't like feeling nothing. It makes the days seem to repeat. It feels like my own personal hell really. Life seems so mundane. I'll do something special on occasion, I'll cater so my hobbies to distract myself, but as soon as the activity ends, so does my emotion, my experience. The best way I can really put it all is that I am bored of life and things don't seem to give me joy. I'd rather feel pain and sadness than this nothingness. At least that would be something. I don't like the idea of self-harm, but whenever I am in a plane, or driving in a car, or even walking along the street I can't help but hope some kind of accident happens. Not that I want anyone else's life to be in danger, but please, if you are going out, don't hesitate to bring me along.

That's about it. Can anyone else relate?