My friend says he is content and peaceul about taking his own life and wants to spend his last days with me. How do I convince him not to take his own life?I have a close friend in his 30's who says he has lived everything he could ask for in life and that everything is meaningless and I am guessing he is into nihilism as he has been talking about reading a lot of articles though he hasn't mentioned the term, but has talked about the inexorable void and blackness that is inside him. The bizarre part is that I am into nihilism, antinatalism and efilism, but recently I have come to find some meaning in life that I decided to cling on to so I kinda decided to move on though it wasn't easy for me as a person who thought about ending their life again and again for all their life. As far as I am concerned, life itself is an anomaly and we should have never existed to begin with (especially without our consent), although deep inside I still think like that, I have decided to continue my existence as I have stated above after a couple of suicide attemps and spending time (almost died) in the ICU. My mindset has changed or maybe I forced myself to change, not sure which one frankly speaking, but I think I have started finding reasons to go on. Thus, I can actually feel him and understand his point of view. I told him we are all connected in life and that his actions affect me and others that he is connected to in life and that life is about connections in a way, however he says even that doesn't matter after one's gone. I am confused about all this. I don't want him to go, but he wishes to go. Is it selfish of me to think that I am going to be so damn depressed about his death? What is ethical about all this? I really wish for him to thrive and try in whatever ways that he can to go on. I can understand that he wasn't born with consent, but he is here now and he can change somethings in his life, but he doesn't listen to that. He seems quite calm about all this and I must say that I am petrified by him being all cool about this as if it is nothing. How ironic of me to use the word "nothing", but there is something. As much as I'd like to think that we live in a simulation, I pretty much want to hang on to what I have in life because I don't want to taste the blackness as I believe in nothing, I don't really wish to pull the plug on myself anymore and I wish he would try to think like the way I do even a little bit. I am scared and helpless. He doesn't want my help. He told me 2019 will be his last year in this life and he was quite chilled and numb about it. How can I convince him not to do it? 