Not going to do anything but I need to find a release through talking. Otherwise my releases are damaging or irreversible. Please redirect me if I should go somewhere elseFirst of all, I’m so sorry for posting here. I feel like not much is wrong but I just need to do something, anything. I’m desperate.

I probably have C-PTSD from 20 years of psychological and mild physical abuse from my father and then as a product of that, psychological abuse from my very traumatised and unwell mum. Short story: I just finished uni. During my 3 years of study my mum fled my dad, we got free emergency counselling and a free divorce through women’s refuge. Also got listed in case we needed emergency accommodation. My mum tried to kill herself several times. Also fell into a lot of shitty relationships, including another abusive one. Through this time I developed bulimia and nearly died from a mix of that, depression, trying to process the trauma, etc. My mum also nearly declared bankruptcy and had to sell our family house (that had been in our family for 200 years). Some of our pets had to be rehomed and I haven’t seen them since. Including my dog. My baby girl. one of our pets died because we couldn’t afford vet bills even after our neighbourhood raised some money for us. I tried to kill my self. A few times. But was never able to take it that one further step. One of my best friends tried to kill her self in my last year of uni, her mum blamed it on me not being there for her because I was too obsessed with myself and doing things for my own gain. Possibly sexually assaulted in my first year by a good friend. 

Went through a lot of therapy, free and private. The free therapy ran out. The private therapy became out my budget.

I’m tired, guys. I can’t face conflict or criticism or aggression without feeling like I’ve gone back 100 steps. I want it to end and I don’t know how to get it to end.

I’m sorry but I’m tired. Please excuse any grammatical or spelling errors. I don’t want to reread this dramatic woeful tale and find the errors. 