Story of my feelingsThis is a long one, but i hope you read this or at least tldr at the end.

As a kid i was always bullied. I had only 1 friend, who was also bullied a lot. We became the clowns of our class just to have some other attention besides bullying. When i went to school at the age of 6 i was already missing a father figure. Mother was always working and my older sister didn't care about me, and even worse was bullying me. I started masturbating early, like 9-10 years old. Once my sister cought me, and this is there my depression begins. She basically made me her slave, basically blackmailing me saying that she will tell mom and grandmother. It continued for 5-7 years. I hated her, i always had a lot of violent thoughts, and i was thinking every other week or so how i would kill her. I feel terrible about it now, because she is the only person who supports me today. I only saw my dad once a month, and we always had a great time and i loved it. I was always waiting to meet him so much. Skipping to 8th grade, i somehow managed to make more friends from school, and this probably the best time of my life. But a year later, the worst thing in my life happenned and it just went spiraling downwords.

I fell in love.

And got my first heartbreak.

Now that i look back at it, i couldn't give less shit about it. But i know this is the time where i lost all hope.
Got over that shit in 2 years, in 11th grade. And after that, the question of 'What am i going to do in life' appeared on the horizon. My only somewhat good skill was English.(I am Russian). Other than that. Useless, completely useless.

I managed to get into university to become an interpreter. But i realised that while i love english i don't want it to be my job. By that time i was speaking more english than russian. I always loved talking to myself and i always used english for it.

I dropped out of the university. Family hated me, except for my sister. Nobody would talk to me, i heard my mom crying every evening. My grandmother died, and she was also a big part of my life. Finally my dad reached out to me and offered a job in his business. I started working and realised another thing. I hate routine.

I couldn't take routine for more than a few months. It made me suicidal. I left this job.

Fastforward a bit more, and i am forced to go to the university one more time. Kicked out in 2 months. Again only sister supports me. But my father still offered me a job one more time. I couldn't be consistant and was more and more aware of how i hated the routine, but i know it is impossible to not have routine in this life. Suicide thoughts are getting stronger. My dad forces me to move in with him so he could control me better. Says if i say no, he fires me and burns all the bridges between us.

I have no choice, need to do something so i agree.

Living with my father is living hell. Strangely, when i was only seeing him 1 time a month i could connect with him better, than right now living with him.

Everytime i try to talk about something light-hearted, he just turns it around somehow, and at the and of the conversation i am a piece of shit, which can't succeed in life at all.

Feeling like there is no hope, but i find myself loving this job.
But my father always says that i don't do shit at all. It hurts... so much.

I can't take it anymore, i am living in a basically abusive household, with no choice to get out, coz i will lose the last straw to hold on to in this life. Researched a lot about on how to kill myself. Already have a plan ready to be executed. I am trapped, can't see the light. Have no useful skills.

I AM USELESS. WORTHLESS. I am crying as a write this. I can't succeed in life with this shitty routine. I have been diagnosed with bpd and taking meds. PLEASE GET ME OUT. I... i can't.

tl:dr  i can't handle routine and it leads me to conclusion that i can't make it in this life. Not a single life skill. Only 1 person supports me and we are drifting apart. Can't take this anymore. Have a suicide plan ready. BPD fucks my brain out. Living in an abusive household.

Help me. i don't want to die, but it is the only logical solution.