I want to kill myself sometimesFor the past couple of years I've been struggling with an ongoing depression I cant explain.  I can feel genuinely happy and then within minutes I can get into a really bad depressive state. I've never liked therapists or doctors due to both being poor and bad lupast experiences. I've been getting very nightmares nightmares since childhood and I always wake up screaming and crying.  Lately it's gotten worse. The other night my best friend / roommate even took a knife away from me while I was yelling in my sleep on the floor. She says I've been showing early signs of schizophrenia. 
I'm unsure what to do with information, I hate my life at times and especially myself.  Lately everywhere I look I see a possibility to end it but I always chicken out and end up falling asleep with a new cut or burn. 

I dont feel like I can talk to my bestfriend about anything anymore and like I'm just a burden at this point. The only time I actually get to have a heart felt conversation is because I was caught doing something stupid so I try to hide what I do to myself from her. I don't want her, or anyone else's,  pity in order to have a conversation.  Sometimes I just want someone to talk to about what's going on but I can't even do that. I dont have any friends or family where I'm at, I'm an 8 hour drive away from home in a different state with no car or enough money to move back. That's why it hurts so much I can't talk to my only friend anymore about these kinds of things. 

It doesn't help that I'm spending the 4th alone.  I got off work closing as the last one there. Usually my friend picks me up but I got a text 10 minutes before I clocked out that I was getting ditched for a firework show. I had to walk an hour home with my back facing the fireworks, couldn't even enjoy that little part. I busted my knuckles punching the crosswalk buttons and bought a notebook just so I could write a suicide note. 

The old man at the register was a very kind guy and we talked for a bit. He noticed my uniform and we chatted about the holiday service, that kinda helped and I felt at peace for a little. I still bought the supplies anyways and cried on the way home but that gentlemen really did help snap me back a but I still want to end my own life. 

Ik its alot and yet alittle but it's all I'll write for now, just wanted to get things off my chest somehow.