Instead of creating the life I wanted, I have been actively destroying itI am disillusioned with my life. I thought I was doing everything right. I'm constantly trying to improve myself, I learn as much as I can, and I have actively tried to eradicate all the bad things about me. But every time I get rid of one bad trait, there are many more beneath it. After peeling back all these layers, I can't help but wonder: how fucked up am I?

Huge chunks of my life have passed me by without any recollection of how I lived. I remember pieces, but I often wonder "where was I?" It wasn't me. I don't even feel like my spirit was present during these times. It's all like that. I don't feel a connection with my life. I have no idea what's going on.

The idea of reality is so fragile, based on so many things... environment, food, biology, etc. You can never really know what's real, so how do you operate? How do I live knowing that both sides of the coin are equally real. Both sides of me are equally real, but they cannot coexist as they house contrasting ideas. The tug-of-war between these personalities is holding me back. And despite everything, I know that I want to be successful. But with this, it seems as though I can't.

The confusion associated with the execution of my life is killing me. It is making me sick both physically and mentally. I have grown angry with myself. I am disappointed with who I am, what I am doing, and my inability to say "fuck this shit, I'm moving on." I am stuck here in this rut. I don't want to be stuck anymore, and I am running all out of ideas.

Parked at my desk, I wait for time to take me to a better place. Writing hours on end, looking for the answer and yet I am still here. Everything is the same. My life is no better and I am alone. Everything that I have been working for is not present. So what have I been doing? All this time I thought I was getting better. What have I done wrong? I put everything I could into this life. I wanted to make it everything I ever dreamed of. But I didn't do a thing. I just created a nightmare.