My life is an insignificant drop in the ocean, as are my wordsI keep searching for the right words as if there were some special combination to claim myself as unique and justifying the way that I feel and have felt for too many years, but nothing I could say would ever amount to anything more than wasted finger movements. As I near 30 having lived a life barely worthy of a post-it note, I hope more for the courage to end myself rather than the strength to pick myself up. It's a strange thing when suicide seems like an easier solution than reclaiming your life but I never had much to reclaim anyway.

It don't have a horrible life by most standards. I have a family who loves me and a place to call home, even if I don't pay for it as someone my age probably should be in the position to do. I quit my job back in December in some misguided belief that it was the thing keeping me from realizing my true purpose in life and perhaps it was if my only purpose was to give up.

I have no friends outside of the few I text with, tiny words on a tiny screen as I sit in the chair of my room for 95% of the day. Love is certainly out of the question and always has been. The closest I ever got to even a glimpse of that side of human interaction was an innocent kiss in the third grade. There had been a couple hopefuls between then and now, but hope was all I was able to muster and it was entirely one-sided. I don't have the type of personality to attract the romantic attentions of women and never will. I can't even bring myself to spring for an escort cause I feel even they would reject me, despite it being their job to do the complete opposite. I am ugly even if you ignore my outward appearance.

I feel so lost, thoughts of suicide being the only constant in my life, a comfort in the promise of an end. The pain my parents would feel is my biggest deterrent at the moment but I'm finding more and more moments throughout the day where that doesn't matter. I would only need to be elsewhere when I give in, away from others to avoid being discovered in such a state. That would certainly lessen the blow.

But life the words in the title, I'm insignificant. My problems are small, I am small, a blip on a radar no one is sure they even saw. It will all end someday and I will have never known true satisfaction or happiness. I won't know what a passionate kiss feels like or to look in the eyes of someone who loves me back. I'll never accomplish any tasks that improve the world in a significant way. I'll never see the world. I'll never laugh without a care in the world with a group of true friends.

I'll never be ok. That is an absolute truth. I'm just sitting here, in this chair, awaiting the resolve to make my unheard exit. Let it be soon.