Screaming into the white noise.Hello folks. I can't think of how to start this post, so I'm jumping right into it.

Suicide, as I understand it, comes in two sorts. 

The first, that I will call 'genuine suicide', is when a man buys a gun without telling anyone, and murders himself without any hint or clue for anyone in his life that he was going to. 
These are done by the folks who want to die and only to die, plain and simple, one goal and one solution. I may be incredibly ignorant when I say this, but I think these people are likely in the minority on this subreddit. 

The second is the cry for help suicide. I **don't** doubt that these people will kill themselves if it comes down too it, they are in pain and will seek to end it with any method available, but are also looking to find support and reasons to not go through with it. I think these are the people here seeking help, and make the majority of the posters looking for assistance. I may be grossly misunderstanding, but that is my impression. 

I'm here because I think I can loosely define myself as a member of this second group. I'm looking to find something to work with here, looking for support and a reason to stay alive. To put it shortly, I suffer from a severe GAD (General Anxiety Disorder) that has make progress towards what I want in life extremely difficult, as well as anxiety related psychosis, with a none-to-kind host of imaginary critics that follow me every step of my life. Everywhere I look I see metaphorical black, and all I can hear is white noise. I know that there are people who love me in my life, but I can't seem to see their love, hear it or feel it through this darkness and constant useless noise. I feel pain, and I don't know why. I am confused. Whether or not I will or can ever actually kill myself in unknown even to me, but I want to do what I can to avoid that 'place' and take whatever turns at my crossroads I can to head in the opposite direction. But I have no map, there are no street signs, and my steering wheel seems to jerk itself in whatever direction it pleases if I don't hold it hard enough in this metaphorical road trip. I am receiving professional help both in the form of a therapist and a psychiatric doctor, I am on medication to assist in my emotional stress, and I have a host of loving friends and family who are all eager to help me when I need it, and despite all this I feel like my guts are made of ash and my mind is a radio tuned to an empty radio frequency. I am the last person I imagine would be lacking in the assistance they need, but I feel identical to how I imagine someone who is utterly alone would feel in my situation.

I don't know what I want to come of my posting this, I don't even really know what to expect as a response. I'm just screaming into the white noise because I can't imagine any other course of action in the scene I find myself. 