I wish I could talk about suicide to my friendsI'm a guy in my mid 20's, and my friends are the closest people in my life. They're always there for me whenever I need to talk or if I have anything on my mind. But whenever I want to talk about my struggles with suicide, I always stop myself for some reason. I just feel like I can't say it because it's awkward for someone like me to talk about it. To them, I've always been this happy-go-lucky guy who nobody would think would ever have suicidal thoughts. I have always been there to listen to them whenever they needed someone to listen. And whenever I do have a problem, I usually have no problem telling them. I'll jokingly say something like, "Hey I have to rant about something. I know you don't care, but I care enough for both of us."   
However, when it comes to thoughts on suicide. I can't bring myself to mention it. The talk will usually go like:  
Me: "..Hey, can I talk to you about something? I just really want to get it out.."  
Friend: "Yeah of course!"   
Me: "Okay cool! .......................Ugh! MRAH! Actually, nevermind!"   
Friend: "you sure?"   
Me: "Yep! I'm fine!" 

I wish I could just puke all my thoughts out to them. About how I avoid finding a girlfriend because I don't want her to get hurt. About how I try to show nothing but smiles because my time left in this world feels short. About how lonely I actually feel in life. About how I'm fighting a "secret war" in my head. How I keep knocking these demons in my head down, but they just keep getting back up, and doing it for so long on my own, I'm getting tired. 

My friends are amazing, caring people. And I know if they knew I was going through this, they would do their best to help. Hug me, be there for me, shower me with love, etc. But something inside me won't let me tell anyone. Something inside me believes this is a battle I must face alone. A battle I might one day lose. 

Sorry if this is long/messy, I just let my unfiltered thoughts run wild. I'm usually not on Reddit, and this will probably be my only post ever. I just happened to be here today and felt like sharing.   
Thank you for reading. I wish you all the best.   
Peace.