Why continue?Last paragraph has the questions that were boiling up in my mind. The other parts are just a little background on who I am. If you read through it, I'll just warn you now, it is kind of all over the place.

To start this off, I just want to say, even after living for 22 years, I have not had a hard life. I have had a pretty comfortable life so far. My family and very few friends have always supported me, and have never tried to put me down. I have had nothing but support in life, and yet I have felt lost, empty, and almost hopeless for near 8 years now.

I am a male who was diagnosed with Asperger's when I was 12, which back then, I didn't really understand what it meant. I mean, I knew I was slightly different from my fellow peers, especially when they would be able to make small talk, or keep eye contact, or just have general social awareness. I have made some progress in the social aspects. I no longer try to avoid looking at someone's face when they talk, and I am able to at least make some small talk, but my introversion is still at a level that would almost make me a hermit. I don't necessarily feel that my introversion is a curse anymore, because I have had years to explore and understand my thoughts and emotions that has led me into a painfully introspective state. I can go weeks without having to talk to another person and not feel the least bit lonely. I used to beat myself up, because I thought it was weird that I could go without any human interaction for prolonged periods, but that was mainly due to caring about what others thought about it. So that isn't necessarily the problem anymore.

The problem arises when I look at my life and see nothing in this world worth going through the struggle of living. My family, primarily my dad, and friends, see me studying up on some obscure subjects that, for what ever reason, catches my interest, and assume that I have a passion for them. But that's the problem. It isn't necessarily a passion for these subjects. I would call it an unhealthy obsession. I became anorexic for 2 years, because I became obsessed with how my body looked. I was 265 pounds, and I lost 145 pounds in the span of a year because I researched and read up on bodybuilding, dieting, and how those affected the body. Being 6 feet tall, that is a little too low, especially since my bodyfat measurement, from a body pod read at 2%-3%. Now I am fine, but I am still aware of how I look and know perfectly how my body reacts to certain foods, caloric intakes, and workouts.

My family and friends also see me as extremely intelligent, but that only pisses me off more than them saying I have intense discipline (again it's more of an obsession). I don't feel smart. I feel rather stupid most of the time. They seem to have found some meaning or passion in their life that allows them to deal the constant stress and struggle of living, but I just don't see it. Everything feels seems to be an illusion to me. We work so we can survive, but then we find outlets (tv, games, drugs, etc.) to take us away from life. It seems everyone is trying to escape from life in one way or another, or at least most people. I would love to view the world from their eyes. I would love to find something that could distract me from the blaring fact that everything is ultimately pointless. That we are all struggling to live so that we can hit the grave. I want to find something that would give me a reason to continue on, but as each year goes by, I find that my resolve is crumbling. My dad tried to guilt me into not taking the easy way out when I was in high school, by saying that it would destroy him. He even said he knows that he is playing the guilt card. So many says that people who commit suicide are selfish, but I believe those who try to keep people here when they are in constant inner turmoil are just as selfish.

I could go on and I left out a lot, but I don't want to write a novel. I just want to know if there is any light at the end of the tunnel. If this journey is even worth taking. If so how do I find the reason for living? How can I convince myself to view something as meaningful? How do I convince myself of pushing through life, when everything is ultimately meaningless? It almost feels like we purposefully become insane so we can believe the fact that the work we do, the emotions and struggle we go through, are all worth it in the end. I just want to state that I know that no one is chosen, or that finding a meaning in life will not mean that we are special in anyway. I just want to find a reason or method to ignore the looming despair.
