I need to post a full post eventually, this is it.I don't know what do do with my life. I am an utter trash od a human being. I have been depressed ever since I was 7. I was never a good kid, but when I was 7 my parents got divorced, and my best friend moved. This crushed me. For the next few years of my life I stopped hanging out with the friends I had and only played on my computer. I'm a complete asshole to people. I have ADD and probably Asperger's. My mom would help me do assignments until 2nd grade when she said enough was enough. I wouldn't do them at all. For being a bad student and person I was bullied. The teachers also bullied me, I went to catholic school. They said things such as "You don't deserve to be Christian". When I forgot a pencil for a test and asked for one from a classmate I was accused of cheating. When I read ahead in class the teacher screamed at me for not reading, when I tried to defend my claim she said don't talk back. This was in second grade and I had nightmares about it. This wasn't without cause, I would forget things, not do my work, I didn't have any friends. The one friend I did have  I made fun of and betrayed for attention, like I said im an utter trash of a human being. This was in 3rd grade. In 4th grade I stole money from my parents just to make friends the only way I knew I could. In 4th grade I also joined a group of Nazi supporters, I just wanted friends. They later kicked me out and I begged to rejoin them. I spent years more on video games just to ease the pain, not on the shooters all the popular kids were playing, because my mom said I could never play them. I couldn't have people come over to my house, as my mom hoards things and its a mess. I'm a lot of the problem though. I treat my mom like shit. Ever since I can remember I would never have anything good to say. Always a mean comment, always dissatisfied, I don't know why I'm like this. I'm hurting her even though she only wants the best for me, ive been a hell of a child. I'm never happy, never have been nd can only remember some moments of being happy before I was 7. In 5th grade I went to another catholic school because of the bullying. I because an alter server for the parish of the original school, I hate the priests, I will never forget them for their inaction. when I was 10 I had nightmares of them taking me to the principle and her beating me. My mom tried to make things better but they never were. The catholic school in 5th grade the kids cared but I was a bad student in person. I also don't fit in. All of them talked on I message, I didn't have a phone because it was bad for me to have one. I didn't have Jordan's because well, my mom said that they are not leather. I was a terrible student. I bullied a black girl for attention (I later reconciled with her). I hailed Hitler for attention. Anything I could do for attention, to make fiends, to get noticed, something. I never did my work and played games or watched tv. This also added to my moms stress. I have ADD, so the need for attention nd struggle with work makes more sense now. I'm now 16 and in public school. I still act like an asshole to my mom and don't have a single good thing to say, I don't know why I act like this. Realizing how much of a wreck life has been I decided to kill myself. On mothers day I wanted to do something special for my mom, but i fucked it up. She woke me p with a 40min prayer for forgiveness. Because of my experience in catholic school I hate prayer and God and she knows this. I refused to pray,  said hail Satan, and that's how I ruined her mothers day. She is a devout Catholic. I wish i could change my childhood, I really do. It went wrong at every step, some of it was me and my fucked up brain, and some of it was out of my control. I want to say sorry to my mom for acting like an asshole all my life. I'd like to say sorry to the people I bullied and wronged, I just wanted attention and friends, not to hurt someone. I' really sorry to my Grandmother, she lived through WWII and went to a concentration camp, I can't bear the fact she knew what I had done with supporting Nazi things. I loved her more than anyone else in my life (she had been dead for a few years). My mom tried to get me therapy but I lied and said everything is fine. I've wanted to kill myself since I was 9. I never got permanent help or therapy, just some sporadic events. I've never harmed myself, I cant take the pain. But I also cant take the pain of life any longer. I don't see things chaining for the better and I can never forget what I've done to myself. Goodbye and I'm sorry to the people whom I've harmed. My life was worthless from the start, I was always an ass to people even in pre-k, I think its aspersers but still.