Not doing well... feeling like I'm alone on eggshells afraid to talk to anyone...My life is a mess.

That's the best possible way to summarize my current ordeal...a mess.. a complete and totally fucking chaotic mess.

As long as I can remember shit just started going wrong for me...

I'm not talking like I had hard times at school, I mean I did, but this isn't daddy didn't hug me, I got a flat tire or lost my job stress, this is... a glitch.

A glitch you ask? 
Well some guy once told me he believed in a path, predestiney.. and that if we went off that path the world, universe or whatever bullshit abstract deity you want to call it would then ratify said issue until you were back on track. 

At first the romantic notion of this appealed to me.. it made me hopeful.. I assume probably the same pathetic way people cling to an indifferent god that allows child rapes, serial killers and mass war to go on. Things so bad the only thing to keep up from losing what we call humanity is to think it all must have some greater meaning...

I'm here to tell you the unfortunate, uncomfortable and brutal fucking truth. 
----Bad shit happens because bad shit happens.--- 
There is no greater plan, no god, no destiny and nothing at the other end of a gun then a void of thoughtless, empty black nothingness. 

Now I'm sure you think I'm jaded, and fuck you’re probably not wrong.. but the other thing is it doesn’t mean I’m necessary wrong here either.

I grew up on the USAF bases... my mom cheated on my dad every chance she had. There was a decent debate about if I was his kid for a while since he was in Korea when it seemed I was created.

My dad got out and began to travel with the railroad leaving me behind with my 2 siblings who were all from different men and a psychotic mother who to her credit loved me the best she could.. that’s just not saying much..  not much at all if you’re a small defenseless child.

My brother would rape my sister and I. I'm lucky enough this was in my infant years and I didn’t find it out until I was teen when I asked why he was kicked out. My mom would cheat and she would beat me if I accidentally let word slip. Mention of things like the motel she made me and my sister sleep in a 2nd bed next to hers while she screwed a guy and my dad was traveling. Five years old and more confused than ever I mentioned our "vacation" because that’s what she called it and  took a 20z liter bottle of Pepsi to the side of my head and  then was held under the bath tub water.

Eventually I was seen a liability to her. She began locking me in the entryway closet and leaving me there for hours. I made it into a fort and convinced myself it was my hiding spot, even though it was tied shut from the other side.

Time went on and my dad finally made my mom get a job. While that went on and I was still before school age I went to a babysitters house. Long long story short I was lucky enough to find myself being put into child porn with his daughter Nicole, my 13 year old babysitter. Meanwhile him and his son set up cameras in her room and I was raped with a Aladdin barbie doll, amongst other Mcguvery rape children’s toys they could think of. 

Certainly life would get better from here right? I mean predestiney, the fucking path right? Surely I wasn’t destined to a life of only suffering?

Wrong. 

My dad and mom divorced. And my dad remarried to a very abusive psych-nurse that loaded my already alcoholic father up on benzos like fucking candy. At one point I counted 8 different medications I was on. It was hell. My dad developed a creepy and unhealthy obsession with my weight and appearance. My stepmom was fuming with jealousy about my dad and I maintaining any type of relationship and overtime and many drugs convinced him I was a verbal abuser that inherited mental illness from my mother and I "couldn’t be trusted". They punished mostly through shaming. My first date with a boy ever I woke up and found our house covered in post its that say "abuse will cannot be tolerated abuse will not be tolerated." I was 13. I ran around hysterically pulling them down. I missed the one behind the curtains of the window.. obviously that relationship dead ended. 

By the time I turned 18 I saw my out and joined the Army… Surely free of the source of pain, the real world would be much kinder? 

Also fucking wrong.

It's all a miserably long and uncomfortable situation to recall but it ends with several assaults and rapes and a baby later.... 

But that was it.. my win... my one good in all the bad.. her.. my flawless, pure unruined baby girl.

An even longer story later a wealthy, creepy and obsessive man manages to have her taken from me. I raised her alone for 2.5 of the 3 years she’s been alive and he got her. Money can win court cases. Sorry kids but these aren’t the books they read you in school, right and wrong and good guy bad guy means shit in the real world. Money is power and money is how you win.

So I end up trying to kill myself a few times which I think is fairly fucking justified at this point in the game. I've been homeless, hungry, raped, and abandoned from the moment I had formative memory....

And so there I go off to inpatient at the VA hospital for PTSD... that’s when I met *him*.....

A fucking light at the end of this miserable tunnel of bullshit. A fucking glimmer of hope at the end of a phone. He’s sarcastic, witty, and rough around the ends.. he’s perfect. And he feds me stories of promise for hope, of a life with living and no surviving. He tells me there is an end and there is a reason to let my heart keep beating.

And just like that 3 months later this wonderful, although complicated and bit of a pain in the ass man shows up from Afghanistan at the MPLS airport to rescue me from the hell hole I've been drowning in.  The first moment he hugged me I knew. I was finally safe for the first time since birth. I was safe because he had me. I didn’t need to look over my shoulder and I didn’t have to wonder about if happiness for me was even an option... it was a very real possibility.

And so I married him.

 And it was the best day of my life. 
Now I know looking at my history that’s not saying much, but I imagine what I felt that day is what most normal people hope their entire lives to feel. It was like all the pain and all the bad poured down into this moment. Him. Him and me, and we were so perfectly fucked up together the rest of the world and it rules didn’t matter. We had each other and there was nothing else either of were ever going to need or want again because it was all there... At least that was how I felt.... 

I'm sure its unsurprising to anyone at this point that trust isn't exactly my strong suit. And I've been forced into the position of choosing between a future with a life with this man and living under the wealthy scary man and being able to see my daughter every week...

It’s pretty much the hardest situation I’ve faced yet.. and clearly that’s saying something.

And now today... the light.. the hope, this man.. he isn’t even sure if he thinks I’m worth it all... and he’s far from the first to look at me and all that is me and think maybe it would just be better to pass.

Pass to someone less damaged, less sad, less scared, confused, complicated. I honestly couldn’t hold it against him...

And now here I sit. Looking back at my life and wondering if I’m not that glitch I mentioned. If maybe there is a god, or entity or something and it goal is to erase the mistake it made, and that’s why I’m being tortured, so hopefully I’ll kill myself and set everything back in order. Or maybe it’s all fucking meaningless and all the suffering was just a shitty role of the dice..
