19/M/UK - need a real friendHello all, as my title states I am a 19 year old guy from the UK, England to be specific. I have struggled all my life with making friends, from early childhood all the way up to now. All I really want is one or two really good friends, like call them in the middle of the night type friends I can go to with anything. That is the type of friend I am to people and more casual friendships don't really appeal to me.

I am upfront about having issues and being needy here so if that's not something you want to have to deal with please don't read on. I suffer from severe depression and anxiety as well as other mental issues. I am quick to get attached and to open up to people and this has always proven to be to my own detriment. 

I can feel myself becoming more closed off as a person and a lot less trusting than I used to be and it's scary feeling myself resent the idea of meeting new people more and more because of bad past experiences.

I have a self harming habit and have attempted suicide twice and although it was been a while since I have tried to kill myself the temptation to try again has been coming back to me lately.

I am just lonely, I try to be a good friend and I always end up being burned, I know I can be better as a friend and I actively try to improve but it's hard when people will so willingly fake like you're doing everything right and only bring up what they don't like if you get in a fight with them.

Growing up my only real goal in life was to be happy but I have come to the realisation lately that the ship has sailed on that so I instead focus myself now on trying to make others happy and trying to be a good supportive friend.

I have had bad experiences making friends on Reddit because a whole lot of people just come here to make "friends" that they only really intend to talk to once because they are bored and even then there are people that say they are "different from other people on here" but really they do the same shit and won't be honest with themselves about it.

I only really want long term friends, if you're going to have issues in being here for me then please do not reply. It'd be a waste of our time.

I understand that I ask a lot but I only put it all here so that nobody gets the wrong idea, I feel it is better to be upfront about who and how I am so that even though I will get less replies they will be from people that actually want a legitimate friendship rather than a short conversation or two when they are bored.

Moving onto to more interesting stuff; my main hobbies are gaming and music, I mostly play games on PC, XB1 and Wii U and my favourites are Counter Strike and Smash Bros.

My music taste is pretty greatly varied but if I have to pick favourites than my two favourites by far are Marilyn Manson and Kanye West.

For communication I usually use Skype and Steam.

If for some reason I sound at all appealing and you don't mind being leaned on by me when I need support then by all means hit me up and I promise I'll be the best friend I can be.