What’s the point?I’m a few days clean and sober after having a year or so clean, so now I’m in a really dark place, but I’m trying so hard to hold on and get and fight for my life back away from the hell that is active addiction. In these few days clean I have,‘which have been incredibly difficult, my gf (now ex) sees that I posted on reddit about me curious about a supplement that may make me cum more, since I know she likes that a lot in our sex life and I want to make her more happy. But instead see she’s this and breaks up with me for “announcing our sex life to the world”. Not even a call good bye or anything, she just texts me that it’s over and blocks me.

This is genuinely out of all the relationships in my life, the first girl I wanted to seriously marry someday. I saw children with her. I saw a future for us and I saw hope. And now it’s all over because of a comment on reddit of all places that was taken from a place of good intent for her/us. All that coupled with the fact that I am already struggling immensely and feel very hopeless  due to relapse and drugs sucking my will to live away , and this wonderful woman who wanted the same things I wanted with her, dumps and blocks me over text like I’m a worthless human-being. And honesty, I agree with that. If I truly believed and felt she was the love of my life and knew she meant it, and I’m easily thrown away like a piece of garbage, what is the point in going on anymore?

Given being a few days sober, my support system in the fellowship of AA/NA isn’t strong enough for me right now, but it was growing. And now, the ONE thing that kept the light on for me to stay strong and keep pushing forward just crumpled me up like a piece of paper, spat on me, and threw me off a cliff. It’s like I didn’t mean shit to her from the start. Now, that tiny spark that kept me going and narrowed my path in the right direction has been doused out by a fucking tsunami. The will is go on is dead. I don’t even care about using drugs to numb the pain. It can’t numb the pain enough. The only thing that can numb this pain is sleep. A long, long, sleep.