The closest I’ve ever been.It feels like I’m doing everything that I’m supposed to be doing. I moved out of my parent’s place, I’m seeing a therapist, I’m being more open with friends and family. I’m eating better, I’m losing weight, I’m doing stuff that I want to do. Most days, I’m ok. 
But then it also feels like those days I’m just ignoring the problem. And then there’s the days, like today, when it becomes too much and I can’t ignore it anymore. My friends have been nothing but supportive and understanding, but I fear the day when their patience runs out. I don’t get over stuff easily or normally or in any reasonable amount of time, I never have. 

I have my therapist but every time I have a session, things are fine. It’s like my mind knows when a session is coming up and makes me feel great around then so that when she asks how I’ve been doing, I just focus on that and say “I’ve been great”. I get this weird anxiety about mentioning the times I haven’t been great because I’m like “oh that was last week, it doesn’t make sense to bug her about it now”. 

I just don’t actually know what I’m doing anymore, or why. I’ve spent most of the last decade focusing on the wrong person and things and now that I don’t have that focus, I don’t know what I’m supposed to do. I don’t have a goal. It feels like everyone my age is already way ahead of me, and I have so much catching up to do that it almost feels pointless.

I have a thing with someone new and he’s wonderful but every sweet and kind thing he does scares me because I’m not used to it. It feels like my last relationship left me too broken to ever really succeed in another one, and sometimes I find myself wondering when his patience will run out and he’ll decide I’m not worth it either. 

Because I just moved I have about a year before I can think about going to school. There’s already this pressure that once that year is up, I HAVE to go to school and do something and I just don’t know what that is supposed to be, and I don’t think I’m gonna figure it out by then. I’m just treading water, and I’m getting tired, and the more I think about just stopping and letting myself sink, the more soothing that idea sounds. I’ve never really fantasized about it, and now I am, and it’s scaring me. I don’t know what else to do.

I initially posted this a bit ago and deleted it after because I felt silly doing it. But it’s still a problem, and I still don’t know what to do about it. So I guess it doesn’t matter if it’s silly or not.