My friend called the cops after I confided in him about suicidal feelings, and I spent the day forcibly in the ER. I just feel worse.I don't really know if this is the right place for this, but I'm feeling pretty terrified and exhausted and it's fueling pre-existing suicidal thoughts.

In the early afternoon, I was having a lot of suicidal thoughts and feeling really overwhelmed, and was also having a very severe panic attack. I called my best friend, because I trust him with this stuff. I knew I was pretty unintelligible on the phone. About twenty minutes later, my roommate called from downstairs that there was someone here to see me - then, four huge cops burst in my room and said they got a call that I was suicidal. They asked if I has hurt myself, and I didn't say anything. They made me get dressed (I was also half-naked about now) and took me to the ambulance outside, where they grilled me about how I was feeling and said "show us where you hurt yourself, if you don't things will get a lot more difficult." Made me get into another ambulance, wherein I was asked all the same questions over again by another tech, and put in the ER. My roommate came with me and all I could do was cry and apologize. Had a doctor, a couple nurses and a social worker go over everything with me for several hours. Eventually I was discharged with a referral to a psychiatrist and a huge ER bill.

I know my friend did it because he cares about me, but I feel like my trust has been betrayed. It was incredibly traumatic and I'm just having cyclical, repeating thoughts of how much I inconvenienced my roommates, and how I wish my friend has just talked to me instead of calling 911. I've never felt more vulnerable than I did today, and I'm feeling so rejected and betrayed. Vulnerability is terrifying to me and I just feel more scared and alone than ever because of it. And I feel frustrated with myself that after all that, all I can think about it how it could have been avoided if I'd just gone through with it instead of trying to reach out.

Sorry for the long post... has anyone experienced something similar?

EDIT: I want to stress I'm not upset with my friend... I just felt vulnerable and scared and it only added to make me feel worse.