I've lost all hope. Going to insert a blade through my throat.
I'm 21 and I've been unemployed full time for 2 years. I have a diploma in arts which is the only thing I'm good at. Anything else I'm an absolute flop. The main thing is being stuck on this constant loop of getting $200 a fortnight from some restaurant I work at. By the time I try to save I can't because I can't decline things my friends want to do. I hardly go out just to save money. This declines my opportunities to go out and meet people because I have to pay this and that. I live with my parents but also i need a job. Shits all over the place. I sometimes sit by myself by the beach rocks hoping that suicide is the only answer. That swaying from a tree is my only thought. I'm just so depressed and sick of being fucked over. How do I have a girlfriend like this how do I even start a family, I only have 500 dollars in my account. It's like the world doesn't want me to win. That's it. NO ONE WANTS ME TO FUCKING WIN. I'm a scrape pass academic dunce always getting 51 percent. I know I'm jumping around but honestly I had a job offer today and they said it was a "replacement" for someone on maternity leave. Come the fuck on. Come. The. Fuck. On. Honestly why can't I just find something that'll employ me full time. I need money. I need Fucking money. It's stupid life's stupid in general. I'm always a loser from birth I already knew I was doomed. I'll be on the streets or robbing a store if I'm that desperate. People say I can do better. How? They're already driving Mercedes and their beloved bitcoin. 
I'm always that person at the end of someone's asshole. The last to be chosen in a group the last to get a call in a group of friends the last to get in line. Fucking hell its like I'm being toyed around and a jerk off to God. Always getting just a crumb of everything not the whole thing. Getting internships but never getting calls back. Welp life is over for me, unemployed, broke, virgin, not many friends, hardly traveled, only knowledgable in one field, can't go out much. Life was put on "advanced" for me when I'm only wanting "beginner." People who are 16 already have most basic things figured and by the time they're my age they don't have to worry. 
I'm out. Life's not for me. I'm not interested in anything not even sports or nothing. Because this whole job has taken te majority of me and has given me major depression.
I'll be dead in my room. I dread on who'll find me.