I really don't want to die, but I can't find any other way.I'm going to try to keep this as concise as possible, because otherwise nobody will read it. (And I'd understand that.) 

I'm 23, turning 24 this year, male, and a huge loser. A story as old as time. Due to the undesirable circumstances of my existence, I'm afraid I'm going to kill myself EVENTUALLY. Not soon. But I know it'll happen someday. I REALLY don't want to. What I WANT, is to be a happy, normal human being.

My parents raised me in a way that practically ensured I'd be alone and miserable without options for my entire life. I realize it's wrong to blame your parents for everything, but they're legitimately at fault. They sheltered me to a degree of; moving to the middle of nowhere on a farm. Homeschooling me. Not allowing me to go out by myself at all. Discouraging interacting with other children and people my entire life via telling me that everyone was 'child molesters' and that the kids could be 'working for child molesters' to 'lure me in'. They also put me on anti-depressants for years, waaaaay before I was old enough to be prescribed them, and the drugs (At least **I** believe) addled my brain and effectively made me act like I had aspergers.

I didn't meet a girl I had a crush on until I was 21. So fairly recently. She treated me horribly, as all girls do, because at the time I was still on medication and acting like a complete idiot. Which made me more depressed, as I had fallen into a suicidal depression since my mother attempted suicide when I was 15. (Thanks mom)

Because of the way I was raised, I grew up with literally no friends ever, OBVIOUSLY no girlfriend or anything near it, and pretty much only had my brother as a friend. Last year my brother killed himself, for apparently very similar issues as to what I'm going through and have been going through. He was nice enough, to include in his memoirs of misery, that he actually hated me! And thought I was a retard! Really cool guy, I know. So the only friend I had in my life, actually didn't like me, and is now dead. At least it made me realize my medication just plain was not working (He was on the antidepressants TOO, when he blew his brains out), so I quit them and at the very least became smarter? I guess? I can actually DO things now, like draw, play instruments, learn languages. THINK and not act literally retarded when I speak to other people.

I feel, as a human being, it is reasonable that I am pretty resentful toward my parents for raising both my and my siblings so plain horribly! But I could never TELL them this in any way shape or form, because they have such fragile egos that THEY would then kill themselves. Leaving me in a hellish situation where all of my vindication has to be kept in a lockbox for the rest of my life.

I am currently jobless, for over a year now, as I quit my last job when my brother killed himself and my boss kept pestering me as to when I was going to come back. It was a shit job, to be honest, so I don't really miss it. My parents are currently allowing me to live with them indefinitely (which is more than can be said for most parents) because they realize they have some part of the blame in my brother's death, and don't want me to kill myself too. I can't convince myself to find another job, or even try, because every job I've had has been a very bad experience, and the only jobs I qualify for are minimum wage manual labor or retail. (Part-time) so I don't see the point. What I've been doing instead, is attempting vigorous to become a better artist and animator in the sad and desperately optimistic hopes that I can someday become an animator or.. like.. draw cartoon boobies for money or something. Because that makes a LOT of money, surprisingly. But I have it in the back of my head that my aspirations of becoming a great animator are just a cover-up that I'm clinging to because I'll kill myself otherwise. Which I will. Again, I don't WANNA die, but it's heading that way. I tried to hang myself a month before my brother offed himself, and I would have killed myself if he hadn't, so ironically he saved my life in a way? Huh.

It's also fairly recently come to my attention that I might actually be good looking? Which is a weird thing to complain about, but it means a lot of bad things for me. It means that I could have actually had interactions with girls at some point in my life if I had gone to public school. It means that if I wasn't stuck on a damned farm, I'd probably be able to meet a girl or something. It means, that all those years I thought I was ugly and was unconfident because of it, I wasn't. My confidence was so low, that once when I was 16, two girls wolf whistled at me and shouted, "Hey sexy! Can I get your number!!" They were playing, but clearly thought I was attractive. I remember thinking to myself, "They must be making fun of me." They weren't. There's a lot of situations like this that occurred in my life. Times I can think of where girls clearly liked me, but I hated myself so much that I couldn't see it. And I feel utterly foolish, (and again, resentful of my parents) because of them.

I feel like there's no way I can fix things. I think about killing myself every day, but I know I actually just want to fix things. On the condition that I CAN'T fix things, however, I know I'll kill myself. I guess, more than anything, this is a whiny post to rant and get things off my chest because I've quite literally never had a chance to say these things to anybody. 


tl;dr; My parents were way too overprotective and prevented me from being a normal person, and now I have no options because I'm too depressed and too old to fix things.

If you actually somehow read through all of this, I'm impressed. You must really like self pitying novels. Thank you though.