I'm getting closer to doing something stupidI'm 24 and I'm ruining the best years of my life. I work 60 hours a week to still live with my parents in a town that has no future and I have no means to get out. Running out means I'm going to forfeit any relationship with my family and leaving all my things and my cats behind, because I don't think I could ever face them and explain. 

I have to not cry going into work. I hate my job. They lied to me and keep me trapped there and I work my ass off so everyone can sit and play on Facebook and I have no way to get out. I have a college degree and nobody will give me the chance to explain to them - nobody wants to acknowledge I'm there

My friends are falling deeper and deeper away from me. None of us are happy - we're friends out of a need to commiserate and try and laugh and none of us are stable. I'm so sure all of them have tried to end it and won't acknowledge it. It's a joke. 

I keep having nightmares and fantasizing about how I want to crash my car headlong into a wall. Tonight I drove home and thought how easy it would be. How even if I made it home I have sleeping pills. Hell I could afford a gun. And even if I survived I'd be put in a hospital and I wouldn't be able to go back to my job or my parents or my friends. Or I could try again. But I'm too scared to make that improvement.

I just worked a 12 hour day with a 70 hour week this week. I had to cancel plans with friends because I need to work next week too and I wanted one fucking day off. I retail binge to afford things I never use, and it doesn't matter because even if I spent nothing I couldn't afford to move out.

I can't even cry right now because my parents will here and I'm twenty goddamn four years old and I might as well be 16 for how much autonomy I have and I can't do this anymore I can't keep pretending and trying to march on and say I'll apply to something else, focus on something else, go study for GRE and go back to school, clean up loose weight refocus and fix your situation, because I'm the only one trying to help myself and I'm too weak and tired to do it anymore