UpdateI talked to one of my friends who I thought I could trust to not tell anyone. Weeks went by since my last post, around the time I decided to seek help from him.
Today he the Sergeant who is in charge of me and then bam, my now personal problem was public. Open to the worst people to find out. It went up the chain of command really quick, like snap of finger quick. The schools Gunnery Sergeants immediately called me in to talk to me to poke and prod at me, but with no hope I couldn't find the issue even from the depths of my mind. The sadness I have is not caused by one specific thing like these people are assuming. They talked to me a while and offered the Chaplain (church) services here on base, and they also offered the Mental Health Clinic. Obviously I didnt want to classify myself as a patient of the mental health clinic so I leaned towards the chaplain services... I went back to the bathroom try cry a bit and decompress that my internal problems that were now external. I was walking out of the bathroom and my Sergeant told me to grab my stuff, and immediately my heart sunk again. I guiltish-ly walked back into the Marine break room and grabbed my gear, and walked back into the hallway running face to face with my Sergeant. He told me to walk with him, and as I did he discussed the fact that he was taking me to the Mental Health Clinic here on base. That fact really stunted my thoughts and all I could think of was, "What the fuck did I get myself into". I get into his car and the heat of it immediately makes me sweat. My face was pale, my eyes red, and now I am sweating. F*$king great. He drives me to the clinic and talks the the airforce lady at the desk and she then ask for my ID and tells me to fill out these papers. Its that typical bull-sh!% paperwork like, "Do you feel like hurting yourself" "Do you feel like hurting others" "Do you feel okay?" "Do you have loss of apetite" To which I sorrowfully checked the "Sometimes?" box. After turning this packet of my now public problems I proceeded to play with my cover out of a sort of frantic-panic tendency. My Sergeant was awkwardly sitting next to me and he was probably playing clash-of-clans or some other phone game because I kept hearing some *BLING* *TSK* every now and again. The sound was the only thing my ears were processing because It was slightly starting to piss me off. After what seemed like a lifetime, a shorter blackish grey haired woman came out and softly whispered my name. With me being in this internal state I hardly heard the door open. The only reason I responded was because I noticed my Sergeant sit up in his chair, and take his eyes off the phone. I walk down this very eerie hallway with the woman, and she leads me into this office. Once I was sat down another airforce gal entered, who I had assumed was being trained. She was an enlisted and the older lady was an officer. While I awkwardly sat in this chair, still playing with my cover, the older woman proceeded to flip through my papers. She breaks the ice with some stereotypical questions that you think a shrink would ask. Pretty much the same damn things the papers I filled out asked. With her soft-spoken voice I felt very soothed, and the fact that she wasnt there to harm me made me feel better. The tears stopped from my eyes and I regained composure mostly because she wasnt prodding me for answers. She wasnt forcefully asking me to give every detail about how I felt, she just wanted some background knowledge. After a while of discussing family history, my personal feelings, telling her I did not want to harm myself or anyone (sometimes I do but thats normal right?), and after all the seemingly pointless questions she began to lead me out. We walk back down the hallway that we entered through, but this time I noticed a button locking the door. You had to physically push a button to exit this hallway. How fu@ked is that. Do they lack trust and security that much to where they install a button to exit a damn hallway. Anyways, I continue out to see my Sergeant joking about some games with the others that seemed to appear out of nowhere in the waiting room. He stands up as me and the older gal exit the hallway. I walk up to the intake window and schedule my appointment to to get seen for my first "Intake" therapy. Apparently there they will decide if I need medication, therapy, and what my issue is.
I write this not necessarily as a story, but as an update. I posted my problems on this sub-reddit and read a lot of others problems on this sub-reddit. 
I just wish to inform everyone that there is a way out of this shell. It does suck to let this information go public, especially being so young (they just assume its teenager hormones amiright?). 
My only issue with this becoming public is now I have the title deemed over me of "Has Mental Health Issues" and my superiors see me as a "Broken Marine" and they say "Broken Marines cant function properly, so we need to help them". 
I just want to state that I personally believe it should not be classified as a Mental Health Problem/Issue. This may sound contradicting of itself but, I do know that my mind has problems. I do know that depression is an issue. Although, I do not believe someone should be classified as a person with "Mental Health Issues" it demeans my name, and who I am. It makes me feel lesser of myself, and puts me into a deeper sorrow when I think of it. It shouldnt be a title to someones name. I want to thank everyone on this subreddit for their advice, not necessarily on my post, but on others. I read the comments on others post and feel slightly better because I know others can relate, and there is hope/