I'm so done with this planetEverytime I give my heart out to someone they crush it. I'm so tired of trying to find love just to have everything shattered in front of me continuously. I have never and will never be happy and the only logical conclusion I have come to is taking my own life. The only thing that has kept me going this long is being hyped for a game or album or some other trivial piece of media. It confuses me that people try to convince people not to kill themselves when there's literally nothing redeeming about life, at least not to me. I'm not really looking for sympathy in this post, I'm mostly just explaining why I'm choosing to do what I am. I don't really plan on writing a note or anything so anyone who is wondering why I did it can refer to this post. 

Since I was little all I ever wanted was a wife, someone to love me. At the age of 22 I've had numerous online relationships that have all ended in disaster. (Inb4 comments saying online relationships don't work, I don't  care, I'm not going to cold approach people in public, way too many false rape accusations and Its very hard to commit suicide in a prison cell) I identify as non-binary, but it doesn't make sense to me that as someone born male, I'm expected to make the first move when I have everything to lose and the person on the receiving end has nothing to lose. The world is so unfair and ridiculous it really just isn't worth it. I know there is more to life that relationships but thats all I've ever really wanted. 

Perhaps you don't like what I've said in this post. Perhaps you think me an incel or something stupid like that. I don't really care what anyone thinks of me, because at this point I have nothing to lose. I've watched myself devolve from a super caring nice naive person to a cold monster that cares for nothing. I don't see a reason for me to keep on existing when there's nothing that makes me happy except the one thing I struggle so hard to obtain. At this point, I'm done trying. The juice ain't worth the squeeze as it were. Regardless thank you for taking the time to read if you have. Peace.