22f, I feel I've wasted all my potential/life. Overdosing very soon. I really think this is the end.I know this post will get lost and probably go unnoticed. It always happens. I need SOMEONE to vent to, I guess even if it's just myself.

I'm going to overdose soon. I've finally figured out how I can get what I need. I will succeed because no, it's not just sleeping pills. It will be very deadly. I've made sure of that. 

I've wanted to do this for years. I've had bouts of happiness here and there. It's nothing in comparison to the pain I feel daily. I feel like it's all my fault. I feel like I SHOULD have had a good life. I'm only 22, I'm physically attractive (I get a lot of attention from men when I try, compliments from other women ect. not to sound vain.. it just is what it is.I won't deny that about me.) I was in school and I dropped out, I broke up with the only person who ever cared about me because my fucking friend convinced me to and now it's been over a year and I still regret it every fucking day and he won't even reply to anything I say. That relationship was genuinely the only time I've ever been happy in my entire life. I'm so fucking lonely it hurts so bad. All my friends have deserted me during the worst time of my life. My mom went to rehab so I was living with my dad. He told me he was going to be gone for work for 2 weeks and hasn't come back. It's been 3 almost 4 months now. Neither of them talk to me. I live with my brother who treats me like shit most the time and doesn't say a word to me. I go DAYS without physically speaking to anyone because I have no one. Literally no one. 

I can't even drive and have no one to teach me. I don't even have anyone to take me to driving school if I decided to do that, nor can I afford it. I had a job at a call center and they just completely cut all contact with me. Haven't heard anything in over a week now. So I guess I'm also unemployed. I hated that job anyway. I got a panic attack before every call because of the social anxiety I've developed from living with almost 0 social interaction anymore.

I'm worthless. good for absolutely nothing. I had a date this week with a fucking sugar daddy old enough to be my dad because of how lonely and desperate I am but decided last minute I couldn't go through with it. I guess I have SOME self worth after all, although I'm already considering going back to the site I found for it because of loneliness, validation and desperation. I feel like that's all I am good for now. Eye candy, or a piece of ass. Really the only thing I have going for me but to be honest, I've let myself go A LOT lately.

Idk why I even decided to write this. I don't think I can be helped. I'm going to get the drugs I need, write my note to my family once they eventually notice I'm gone, take an uber to a hotel and that will be the end of my life.

22, attractive, talented(I'm good with art), I've been told by many I'm intelligent... and what do I have to show for it? How pathetic is this? I have the tools to have a good life but can't even do anything with it. I'm such a fucking loser. The thing I'm most upset about is leaving my cat that I love more than anything. He is the only one I get any type of affection from. I'm sad my mom will probably relapse over this but I think she will move on. No one else would care. I've been abused multiple times in my life by multiple people. I've abused drugs in the past to escape but that doesn't even work anymore. I don't know if I believe in god but if he's real, he gave me many gifts and I've wasted all of them. I truly feel I deserve to be dead.