RelapsingI've read hundreds of other posts from people in the same position that I'm in. Our situations are different, our triggers are all different, but... we are all at our breaking points and I'm no different.

I've struggled for years with suicidal ideation. It's gotten bad enough at times where I've attempted suicide or came close to attempting it. Last week I drove to a park near my house and planned on shooting myself in the head in the middle of the woods so that there wouldn't be much cleanup. Even in my own death, I'm thinking of others. I wasn't going to shoot my self in my car because it would render it useless to my family. I've tried pills in many forms; prescription sleeping pills and opioids and washing those down with alcohol. I've come close but once taken, I've chickened out and called someone to say goodbye or to tell them what's going on so they're not so shocked and it ends up as me reaching out and being saved.

I'm feeling suicidal again. I know my many triggers - the most prevalent one being my own self. I hate who I am. How I treat people. I always try to do right by everyone but end up fucking things up. I'm stubborn to a fault. I'm always letting people down and disappointing them and it's just a never ending cycle of them reminding me what a disappointment and what a failure I am. This has started to include my boyfriend, whom I've let down more than multiple times in recent weeks. He doesn't have faith in me and his feelings are justified from the many times I've failed him.

It's just getting overwhelming again and I'm terrified that it's going to come back to suicide, the way it always has and always does... and I've moved on from pills and booze to just using my gun because I know the gun will get the job done. I'm terrified it's going to come down to that.

I don't need advice, really. I'm sitting on the floor in my bathroom in a pool of tears and I just needed to vent since I have no one to talk to. This seemed like such an appropriate place, even if it's just strangers reading it. I feel like such a hypocrite telling others to hang in there and that things will get better when I can barely follow my own advice.

I'm trying my hardest, I really am. But I don't know what's going to happen to me. If you're reading this, I know you feel alone... but you're not alone. I'm feeling the same way. Maybe things will get better or maybe they won't. Only time will tell. My heart has been broken by my own hands and I don't know how to pick the pieces back up. I don't know how to stop crying and get up off of this floor.

Thank you for taking the time to read this. You don't have to leave a comment unless you feel compelled to. I just needed to have my thoughts put out there, even if it's the last time somebody gets to read them, even if it's the last time I'll ever say anything. I've lived a great life and I'm not sure what the future holds for me but I'm happy I was given the time I've been given.

All my love to everyone.

Xo, Ly