Getting Worse, Deteriorating Self WorthWas at the coffee shop several days ago, that I go to, so I can get out of the house and talked with a girl working at the counter. She had heard from one of the other workers that I liked to draw and asked if I could draw. I smiled and said yes. She asked me if I could paint and I said that I could. Nothing fancy of course. I told her about how I've been wanting to go to a place nearby where they have paint supplies to use there, but I didn't want to go alone.

This girl responded with, "I'd love to go!". I was in shock when I heard this, as I'm in my early 30s and have been rejected by girls since I first tried at 16. I've always been socially awkward, and have just gotten more that way over the years from bullying and harassment.

I told her I was surprised by her response and how the previous girl I asked to go out there, thought I was asking for sex and humiliated me in front of everyone in the store. She gave a sad "aww, why?" and I told her I had no idea.

She asked when I wanted to go and I told her that my schedule is usually free, so whatever time is convenient for her. She said she would be happy to go at the first convenient time for her. I was actually feeling somewhat happy, just knowing I'd be able to go out with someone and do something fun. I told her she could have my number and just call me whenever she thought was a good time, and proceeded to give her my number. My anxiety since then has been really high consistently. 

Fast forward a few days and I hadn't received any call or text, so when I finally met her at the coffee shop again, I asked her if she still wanted to go paint. She told me she wrote my number down and misplaced it, only to find it in her work attire. She sent me a text to confirm the number and I added her to my contacts.

That girl motivated me to do more art in the coffee shop, but my depression and anxiety constantly surround me. 2 days would go by until I gave in and tried to lightly bring up the subject of whether she had any idea when would be convenient for her. Her response was, "I've been really busy". I broke down several days later and sent her a text saying that I was feeling really miserable and needed someone to talk to. I thought for sure she was going to get irritated with me and finally just stop talking to me.

Her response was one of the kindest I've ever had from anyone, more so from a girl. She offered to sit with me and talk after they closed the shop and she was definitely wanting to go paint with me. I sent a few more texts about how miserable I've felt just being stuck in my head, and how I couldn't believe the kindness she was showing me compared to anyone in this life. She shared her own experiences and I could actually relate to her. At this point I started to fall more in love I guess. At the end of the night we sat outside and talked, I almost started crying while talking to her, because the more she shared, the more I could relate; until another worker who I think was making fun of me for the previous incident with the other girl pulled up to us on his motorcycle and asked if we wanted to go to the nearby diner and maybe eat something. I had to use the restroom so I gave in and said yes, jokingly saying that if they have a restroom then sure. I try as hard as I can to minimize showing any kind of problems going on with me, just to avoid the anger I have from setting off stupid aggressive people.

We get up and meet at the diner, where it's now 4 of us, including another worker, and suddenly the one on one talk with the girl, turned into a fucking group therapy session where the other two blatantly stated they've never experienced the hardships I've had to go through and shared their own stories. I could see everyone was beginning to get progressively more depressed as I shared. I couldn't bring myself to share everything I wanted to with the girl, just to connect with her. I wanted to so much, but there I was, locked in my fucking head, fighting anger and sadness from overwhelming everyone. It was about 3 in the morning when we finally got up, the guy on the motorcycle said he would be at the coffee shop to hear the rest of my story. 

We had a small talk outside of the diner and since it was cold, the girl was shivering and that one other guy (not in a relationship with her) opened his arms and held the girl to keep her warm. I looked away and stared at the guy on the motorcycle while he talked, but I couldn't get that out of my head, even as it continued for a minute. When I got back to the car, I put my head down, wanting to just disappear. My anger  and sadness was overwhelming, partly from being unable to have a one on one connection with that girl, and her hugging the guy was burned into my mind, which brought more shit from my past flooding forward. When I got home, I sent her a message saying I shouldn't have agreed to that group sitting, that it was extremely painful for me.

The next day when I went to draw at the coffee shop, that guy with the motorcycle never showed up. I could barely look the girl in the face, and I sent more texts about how miserable I felt, but there was no response, until closer to the end of the day. My depression from opening up, was getting extremely bad. Once again the responses she had were some of the kindest responses I've ever received. When I got home I had more conversation with her and I broke down, because of her kind responses and her struggles in life were relatable. Her kindness had brought my depression down, and done more than any doctors or medications were ever able to. I told her, "you helped me, so I'm going to help you." I offered to help her pay the rent as a thank you for being so damn kind and bring me back from a bad place. She refused and told me she was trying not to cry after hearing that, and seeing the money. At this point was extremely embarrassed standing there, around other patrons and some of the other works. I didn't think she understood how much she just helped me, perhaps saved me, so I insisted, and she refused again. So partly in anger, I left the money on the counter of the coffee shop telling her that someone was going to take it if she didn't. I was fully intending to do that, because her helped meant the world to me and I refused to take it back, but she came up to me with the money and told me she hadn't earned it and refused to accept it.  My response was how she had done more than any doctors or meds had ever done before.

I finally gave in and took the money back. I got to my car and sent her a message that it wasn't fair, how I felt useless when she refused my help. I felt even more miserable on my way home. I think I probably freaked her out after that incident. I sent more texts trying to talk to her, wanting to just be with someone, somewhere. 

NOT STUCK IN MY FUCKING HEAD!

Either that night or the next, I left the house. She had stopped responding to my texts. Sent multiple texts describing how I had no idea where my life was going. I told her I wanted to leave and sit somewhere to watch the sun rise. I didn't want to be alone, I was fucking tired of constantly being stuck in my head. I wanted to tell her that I wanted to be with her, more than anything. All I could muster was just statements of loneliness. What transpired after was me driving in the night until the sun started coming up. I took some pictures of the sunrise and sent them to her, with the message, "Even though you didn't accept the money, please accept this sunrise as my thank you.". I was so exhausted for the rest of my trip back home (from being awake all night). I sent one last message saying I was going to fall asleep and hoped that her day turned out to be great!

There hadn't been any responses for the past day (something she never let drag on), and I figured at this point she either got tired of reading my shit or was simply busy, as she repeatedly implied when I asked about going to paint. Regardless, I felt an overwhelming love for this girl and as I fell asleep, I actually was able to drift off without too much trouble.

When I woke up several hours later today, there was still no response since the night before. I decided to not brood over negative possibilities and just go draw something at the coffee shop, and try to relax as best I could with this depression constantly there. I got to the coffee shop and the girl was there, she asked me if I'd gotten some rest, which implied that she had read everything I sent. Further more, she said nothing about the sun rise photos that I sent her. All she mentioned was me getting some rest. I put so much effort into getting the photos of that sunrise, (there was a drunk in front of me at one point swerving into oncoming traffic.)

Depression kicked in heavily and I ordered something, before sitting down and drawing, trying to tune out everything around me. The two guys that joined us at the diner were working there today as well. Through out the day I could hear the 3 of them laughing, and picked out several comments making fun of me. I removed the girl from my contacts so she wouldn't have to see any more depressing things from me, and I'm sure there's not going to be any painting with someone else. I felt myself shrinking further, and further inwards. Smaller, smaller, smaller, nothing, just not wanting to be here anymore.

I wrote in my sketchpad,

"You asked me if I got rest, that told me you read the messages. I had to piece two and two together that I was talking to myself. I removed you from my contacts so you don't have to read my stuff any more. I thought the sunrise photos were nice. If you care, please speak to me in person. Show me through your actions. I let you in."

"Invite me out, ask me to hang out, show me you care."

I want to cry right now, but I feel a painful emptiness inside, no tears, just sadness.

Tired and sick