The void can only be filled by the sweet release of death.My girlfriend of 2 years dumped me. Ever since I first saw her, I was head over heels. Her beautiful platinum blonde hair dances through my mind all day. 
I couldn’t keep my feelings bottled up any longer, so I told our mutual friend. Touched by my shyness and fondness of the love of another, she told my love.

The next day, as I walk through the gates of our school, my love runs to me; exclaiming that she feels the same way.

But all good things must come to an end.

We were sent to two different high schools. Our love continued online, occasionally meeting up face-to-face.

My love told me about a couple of boys at school who made fun of her, they’d exclaim preposterous nonsense about how she shouldn’t be allowed to like Pokémon, dinosaurs or video games in general as she is a girl. 
I told her, “to hell with them! You are beautiful, so naturally they be jealous. Don’t let them get to you.”

After a few weeks, we rarely spoke. Soon enough, not at all.

I was sat at my computer, playing a game. No one really spoke to me, so I always kept my phone near me; hoping My friends will want to speak to me.
I get the text nobody wants to get.
“Hello, I just texting to say that.. I wanna break up.”

My heart sank as I read those words. They rang in my head.
I had to rush away, cowering in my bed. I wouldn’t allow my family to see my tears.
I read on, more and more tears falling. “I’m not trying to hurt you, I’m just doing  this for me.”

“Those goddam bullies” I thought. “I would be tried for murder if I ever crossed paths with those bastards.” 
With our conversation cut short, all I could do was cry. In the next week, i almost killed myself 3 times. In the end, I couldn’t do it.

It has been two months since that happened. With that, my innocence being stolen, living with MDD and being on several medications is too heavy on me.

Lately people have told me “you’re doing so good!”, “you seem happier then normal!” “Hey you’re coping so well!”. It makes my anger shriek; bellowing endlessly.

 Now, I’m sacrificing me getting better. 

I’ve stopped taking my medication, I’ve deleted most of my friends off everything and I’m forcing a smile 24/7. No one will see my death coming. well, you will. And so will the driver of the car.

The void in my heart is growing. I Yearn for it to be filled with the love of my sweet Love.

I hope she forever feels it was her fault. 
I hope they all cry before my still, cold body.
I hope they cry forever so that they may feel the void that once thrived in my heart. 
The void can’t be filled. That’s the realization I reached early on.


Sweet dreams dear friends~