Tired of everything.This is extremely long, so I don't expect anyone to read it, but I feel the need to say something somewhere, because this is the only available place I can speak this out. 

It's 3:30 AM and I've been listening to the ticking of the clock and the snooring of my uncles I live with for a few hours now in the dark. Wasn't too long ago that I was rolling on the floor, grabbing at my hair, screaming out into my blanket, sobbing. I'm stuck here in this place that I thought would give me happiness, but now I'm lost as I have ever been. I've never felt so alone in my entire life. The two best friends of mine, corban and justin, my family, rubbing my dogs soft ears. I feel like I'm stuck here and I'll never leave.

Sure, I found a job after moving (from Texas to Nebraska). First paycheck is going to go towards the car that just broke down. I don't know how I'm going to make enough money to pay my part of the bills for the house with the remaining money. It seems like I'll just be hoarding as much money as I can for moving back. I feel so fucking dumb thinking that getting a new change of scenery would have "saved my life" when I've been suicidal sense age nine. I really expected it all to just vanish like that. 

I know I don't want to be doing thousands of dishes every day for the rest of my life. Especially not for minimum wage. When I look at that third sink, the one where all the shit goes from all the dirty dishes, I think of it like as if it's my life. When I have to clean that sink out with my hands, I think I'm putting my shit life into a trash can for it to be thrown into a dumpster and forgotten forever. I cry at work. I cry when I get back to the house. When I'm not crying it seems like I'm either listening to music or sitting in the dark listening to this same clock. 

There's something very dumb about my life; being tortured, humiliated, hurt by certain people. In and out of mental hospitals. The want for suicide on a daily basis. A never ending amount of self hatred for who I am, what I am, the skin I live in, every choice and thing I've said in my life. I'm gay, but every time I grow an attraction for another man or anything like that, I grow extremely depressed immediately over the sexual abuse I went through. I did three years of art therapy for that but it didn't really do anything. If anything my PTSD is still the same. 

Even though I know I'll still feel horrible and want to die all the time I want to go home. I'm torturing myself here. I've been told by someone that in order for life to get better you have to make it worse, which is what I guess I did. I put myself here, made it worse, maybe it will get better after this experience, but I don't think so. 

I know a voice says that if I say these thoughts I'm about to say then of course they'll come true, but the thing is that's stupid, because I want to succeed, but the truth is it's just not going to happen. You're not going to grow up to be the next genius composer, groundbreaking artist, or a well known writer. I listen to a lot of music on a daily basis, of all types of genres; and when I mean that I really do mean that. Experimental, noise, music from around the world, things that challenge you to think while listening. Even though I gain all this knowledge from it, no matter how much music I listen to, it means nothing. I'm never going to compose like any single on these artists that I've listened to. I'm never going to be talented. For a while I thought I was a really good writer, but I failed a simple writing class in college. I mean, I completely understand I'm a horrible writer, a really, really, horrible writer.

We want our lives to mean something, to believe there's a point to it all. You can say this too shall pass, one day at a time, any of those fun little sayings, but eventually you go back down to cutting your chest with a razor or ready to hang yourself. You can brainwash yourself into thinking there's some higher power. I've done it, but eventually I go back to knowing how random and stupid all of that is. I've literally thought about bashing my head against a wall until I make myself retarded hoping that if I had enough brain damage I could live my life without being able to think so deeply about how stupid life is. 

And I know what I say doesn't mean anything. I know I'm not the only person that has lost friends, been sexually abused, felt like killing themselves. Some fuck can say join the club but that doesn't mean anything either. I'm talking nonsense but I have to because I've become so alone that the only thing I can actually talk to is some stupid bright screen. 

I'm just sick of doing this all every day. I'm sick of thinking, because I only think negative, never positive. No matter how hard I can try it never works. It doesn't matter how much medication I've taken. In fact, there's one medication that I can't get off of because the side effects are compared to heroin withdrawal. I want to stop thinking. I wish some help could come or some stupid shortcut out of this mess. It's just never going to happen.

After five pussy attempts I'm ready to find the gun one of my uncles has hidden around the house. I want to find it and splatter my brains everywhere. I think of it as my only solution anymore. As much as I hate the sound of this clock ticking I can't leave it right now. That's all.