i don't know what to do.i've been thinking about suicide for the past 4 years. i feel like i'm a burden on my family. i know for a fact i'm an accident. my parents have told me. they never wanted me. they could have retired far earlier had i never been born. but now i'm here. i ruined their lives. my earliest memories are them arguing over me. my earliest memories include my brother, who is double digits older than me, crying and screaming because his quality of life was now ruined by an unexpected little brother.

i'm the reason he had to leave private school and go to an absolute shit school in the impoverished area we live in. i'm the reason my parents, who had a new house lined up, could no longer afford to move away. i'm the reason my parents no longer look as happy as they did in old photographs. i'm the reason my father gained over 150 pounds after i was born. i'm the reason he's been through multiple surgeries for his heart problems. 

i am a leech upon my family. they know i struggle with depression and they don't seem to care at all. they took me out of therapy because it was too expensive. every time i bring it up my father gets mad at me because he thinks i'm faking it. i don't blame him. i don't think he wants to accept it. they've given me a comfortable life and yet i'm still unhappy. i'm unhappy because i don't deserve it.

i've walked in on my mother crying so many times. my brother spontaneously moved out after a large fight with my parents. he wanted to do big things but we couldn't afford to pay for his college so he had to join the military to pay for it. his grades tanked anyways after i was born. he struggled with depression too.

i ruined the lives of three people who were on the verge of living amazing lives. i was never meant to be. i don't think they would care if i no longer was. there's no getting around this one. i know i'm an accident, i know my birth caused their financial issues, and i know they would get over it if i was dead. i'm expensive. i'm a picky eater and like nice clothes and nice things and leech off of their limited funds. 

not to mention my girlfriend. i've effectively ruined her life too. i took her virginity in what was something i don't think either of us wanted to do. i haven't felt clean since. i hate our relationship. everything about it. it makes me miserable. i can't leave because she's all i have and i've already left her once but she coaxed me back in during a period where i was under the influence half the time and you could convince me of anything. now whenever i try to leave she tells me i'll never find anyone to love me. she's probably right. i can't leave her anyways. i've ruined her life in so many ways. she used to be so nice. after we got back together i cheated on her. some say that's a strong word for what i did, but it's what i did. i talked with other girls in a flirtatious manner over the phone for months on end, searching for something new. nothing physical ever came from it, but it still existed. i lied about it for months on end, effectively ruining her as a person. all me. i've ruined the lives of four people- three of which i ruined merely by existing as a person.

i don't know what to do. i don't think i'll ever actually commit. but i think about it a lot. it hurts really badly. i'm sorry for the wall of text. i just wanted somewhere to write my thoughts. there's probably more, and there's honestly probably no way i can be convinced that i didn't ruin their lives. i've tried to mentally escape from the reality of it on far too many occasions. it doesn't work. 

thank you for reading. i just want someone to talk to. 