Fuck. Is this real suicidality?!?!? Weird feeling like i don't want to get better. Scary impulses please read.**So first of all i will write what happened a few minutes ago, then i will post my story above. So i am suffering from HOPEFULLY INTRUSIVE SUICIDAL THOUGHTS and many other weird feelings for the last 4 months.
So I was sitting on my laptop editing a video, relatively fine, the thoughts and feeling like a little in background. But felt less real.
Suddenly a thought like 'I want to do it' entered my head and I had like a panic attack not sure what it was actually. And an urge to do it. I tried to calm my self but it got more and more intense I couldn't stand still, it felt like i wanted to do it. Fuuuuck.
Now I am calmer but I have a confusion if i am suicidal or not. fuck.
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK? WAS THIS SUICIDALITY/SI? I SAID 'I DON'T WANT TO DO IT' BUT THEN I FELT LIKE AN URGE IN THE STOMACH LIKE I WANT IT.
AND I TRIED LIKE IMAGINING A POSITIVE FUTURE BUT IT CAME OUT NEGATIVELY AND LIKE NOTHING MATTERS FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
And like general trapped feeling WTF?!?!
EDIT: An hour later i feel relatively fine again. WHAT THE FUCK WAS THIS?!?!**

1. Like everything you see is too much.

2. Like reality is too much.

3. Like you need to escape, but there is no place to.

4. Feeling trapped. In life?!?!?!
THESE FOUR ARE THE MOST TERRIFYING. AND ALSO A FEELING THAT I DON'T WANT TO GET BETTER?!
And many other weird feelings:

weird feeling: Like I am somehow disconnected from my old life?

weird feeling: Like I am in a weird unsettled life state.

weird feeling: Scary/Terrifying/Real/ Scenarious in my head like for example "My best friend ask me if I want to work with him(We had very succesfully store.) And I answer him, no I want to die" etc. WHAT?!

weird feeling: Like when this happens EVERYTHING SEEMS DARKER AND DOOMED, LIKE IN A HORROR MOVIE?

weird feeling: I simply cannot get out of my head when it happens, constant negative thoughts(i listed them above) weird feeling in the stomach, feeling dissociated from sveryone, everything i imagine in my head, even my home seems dark and doomed?

weird feeling: Like life is meaningless?!? Without a reason???

weird feeling: It feels like i imagine waking up everyday but it feels like i am waking every minute.

weird feeling: Feels like I won't be here soon.(generated From the scary thoughts.

weird feeling: When I try to do something I can't do for long time. Eventually there is a weird feeling associated with a throughts like the above that doesn't allow me to do it. It is strange, feels like anxiety a bit, but not exactly.

weird feeling: When I am relatively okay, there is a feeling like I am anxious, idk strange feeling in the stomach(not exactly anxiety.) Can't fully describe it.

weird feeling: Like i am dissociated with life(not like the derealization stuff) - again I am not sure what it is it feels strange.

weird feeling: Feeling like I don't want to get better.(This is the scariest one.)

weird feeling: Feeling like years have passed between my old life and now.

weird feeling: Feeling like there is no emotional content in my memories.

weird feeling: Confusion if I am suicidal or not?!?!?!

weird feeling: Feeling like a wave between now and the future happens in my head and makes me feel tired and anxious.(This happens especially in the morning, when I stand up and stop being sleepy it dissapears.)

weird feeling: When I do something it randomly appears it is like a feeling of /suicidality/hopelessness/flying feeling/ (not sure can't describe it.) and when this happens there is a strike in my stomach.

weird feeling: There are pictures stuck in my head(2 or 3) mostly regarding to future. for example: me in the garden of my university walking - like i am looking at myself from a flying drone. they seem dark or super bright in my head. weird feeling: Feeling that there is something wrong with my thinking pattern and my rational thinking.

weird feeling: Sudden feeling of being trapped(In life?). (It happens randomly.)

weird feeling: That I will suicide if I work, and since then I am not working.

weird feeling: Going out seems weird/scary/overwhelming/I don't know.

weird feeling: Something that happened a long time ago seems close, something that happened a short time ago feels far. weird feeling: This is about babies. Somewhere I have read "I don't want kids on this terrible world." And now there is a weird feeling when I see a baby.

weird feeling: Everything seems darker. Like my vision changed.

weird feeling: When I read here on reddit someone who is suicidal/depressed etc. All of the feelings come back and it feels like i am feeling the same way as him. (When time passes I can see the difference.)

