....What direction?  About 3 weeks ago, the drummer of my band, Rememberslave, committed suicide. He was 28 years old. I was completely blindsided. I knew he was depressed, but we just finished mixing our debut EP and we were gaining traction in the local Portland Maine Music scene.
   ...After I heard about it I lost it. Our bassist left the band two days before (literally in the studio as we were mixing) because it was interfereing with his job. I put everything into the band - cycled through so many people...so much time, energy, effort, and money. It was e everything to me. I still have plans to do solo stuff/find new band members, but my reaction to everything fucked me up:
    Lost my job, couldn't afford rent, and ended up having a seizure and ended up in the ER (Etizolam wd's. I was taking massive ammoujrs to dull the pain, and now im finnally almost done with my Librium taper), and now I'm living with my parents. Yesterday my car broke down (alternator blew out), and I have no money and I'm stuck here. Fortunately I have some resources at my folks place, but Its hard being 22 and living with my parents. I want to get back to work, and start taking care of myself, but the trauma and depression seeps in and it's overwhelming. I've been diagnosed with a myriad of mental disorders and I'm consideeing going on short term disability. Part of me feels like working a job I don't like would not be conducive to my mental health..
but neither would doing nothing. 

I have a couple shows coming up that I'm going to be playing solo and hopefully I can get a band together. It's been one of the very few things in life that bring me real contentment, fulfillment, and happiness....I know I have to stay away from drugs - but it's temping. I used to do H and I never want to go back. I would like a way out. 

....Just needed to get this out there. Once I master our EP and release it "correctly", I could be pleasantly surprised. Who knows. 


https://rememberslave.bandcamp.com/releases
  