I've done everything, but I still struggle.Hey guys.

At this point, I'm pretty comfortable sharing my story with people. I've shared it with friends and strangers many times, and have been trying to put effort into fixing how I feel, but this last week has been the worst, with no real cause.

I'm 22, and disowned by my closest family, in a foreign country and far away from any other family. We moved to the UK when I was 11, and since then I've made quite a few friends through school and the religious meetings I went to. When I joined university it was both the best and worst time for me: I made lifelong friendships, and left a cult that I've been brought up in... This unfortunately led to my parents cutting ties with me, as well as my closest friends from the same religion. That in itself was a struggle, but I managed to handle it with the help of a psychologist and supportive mates. I've soon after met my girlfriend, and everything looked great. We bought a car and traveled around the country, moved out from shared accommodation and moved in together. These have been my life dreams and goals, and I started hitting them!

Driven by my success, I've become more disciplined. I started doing very well in university, got a job with Amazon on the side, kept the house clean and our diets healthy! I'm a gamer by passion, and I was lucky enough to receive a HTC Vive from HTC themselves as a gift, which we played together with friends, and started planning game projects we could work on together. Future was looking fantastic, and I've never felt happier.

This is until the discipline combined with optimism turned out to be my demise. I shopped at a local polish shop quite a bit, and since that's my motherland, I've been treated there like a close friend. The owners of the shop have recently opened a takeaway which they felt took too much out of their life, but was reasonably successful, and they were selling it. I struck up conversation, and since I'm "one of theirs" I received an offer I couldn't refuse. I started looking into means of getting the money, and turns out that the British government has a scheme in place just perfect for me! I ended up applying for a very low APR, long term loan to purchase the business, and after a few weeks of hard work and convincing the board behind the loan I've received the money, and purchased the business. I'm still at university mind, but the hours fit perfectly for me to open in the evenings, and go to uni in the mornings. Tight schedule, but it fit.

Owning a gastronomy business has been another one of my dreams you see. Something I fantasized about for years since working in an Italian restaurant for 3 years earlier on. The day I bought it was stressful, but absolutely bliss as I have achieved another life goal! As weeks passed though, I started realising the issues. Not every week made money. Even though I made good food, people are just shitty sometimes, and will do anything to screw you over. One of my drivers stole from me, and when I called him out publicly, he started slandering my name. A sexual harasser became an issue as he started flashing my staff. Some just weirdly picky customers (didn't read the menu, and didn't receive what they expected) made sure to leave a bad review everywhere they could to really twist the knife. Other customers expected extra special treatment because we were both born in the same country, and again left bad reviews and bad mouthed me if they didn't receive it. All of this started laying on top of me hard and fast, and this last week I just closed because I couldn't bear it anymore. I spent the time cleaning and improving the menu, but I have to reopen, otherwise I'm facing huge losses...

I called the suicide hotline. I put the business back up for sale. I've seen a doctor and been prescribed medication. It helped for a bit, but it's all wearing off now.

I regret buying the business SO much. But it's not even the business itself that upsets me. I've never felt a feeling worse than fulfilling a dream, only to be utterly crushed by the reality of it. Realising that no matter how much hard work I put into something, I can just turn out on my arse for no real reason. I'm the chef at the shop by the way. On weekends my girlfriend helps out on the front desk, but I'm alone with a driver most other days. Sometimes I do the deliveries myself, if the day is particularly bad. Don't even ask how my Mechanical Engineering degree is going. I'm dreading having to go in today...

I would genuinely rather die.