Last NightLast night I spent some of the last of my money at the bar getting blackout drunk.  I talked about football with this random guy.  I talked about first downs and special teams while I was choking back tears.  I got to that sweet part of the night where I went cross eyed. I was seeing double of everything and I had a pounding headache.  I decide to engage in this self sabotaging behavior because I want to make it easier to finally end my life.  I get drunk and kill off the microscopic bit of hope I have, so I have nothing to cling to when considering suicide.  I sat at the bar, almost falling off the stool, and it really hit me this time.  I really could kill myself tonight.  I always wondered what it would feel like to finally go over the edge, what would your own brain sound like in the moment where you became ok with dying.  Was it peaceful, was it scary, was it just somewhere in between? What it is, is the feeling, that beyond a shadow of a doubt, you would not feel the consequences of suicide, because you will be dead.  All of my friends? My family? If I had the choice I would end my life without hurting them, but in reality I won't exist, it won't effect me, it will be....nothing.  I silently decided, "ok, I think tonight is the night".

I stood up, turned to the guy I was talking to, smiled and told him to have a great night. He gave me a drunken pat on the back and said "ok you too", and I left.  My first thought was "are you ok with that guy being the last human being you talk to"? And immediately, I thought yes. Who cares. It's all symbolic horse shit that won't mean anything after I'm dead.  It's the same nonsense that makes people want to have their ashes scattered at the beach, and that's never been me, so why should I care.  I left the bar, and just started......walking.  I didn't know where I was going, but I really hoped the courage to end it was at my destination. I walked through downtown Tucson for a bit. I started looking at all these beautiful college kids at the clubs and bars, all with a major, a plan, a path.  I've never really envied them, or at least I never thought walking their path would make me happier, but my whole life was spent trying to rationalize how me and all of them could have such wildly different journeys on this planet, for better or for worse. Last night though, I couldn't help but find the humor in it.  Everyone of them that saw me walk passed probably assumed I was someone, that I went to school somewhere, that I had an identity outside of being nobody.  It made me think about how there's probably plenty of people I see, actively contemplating their death, that just blend in like me. It made me think, even if it were just for a second, to reconsider what I aimed to do that night.

I thought about it for a second. I thought about just going home and sleeping it off and keeping on keeping on in the morning.  Then I remembered, I already made my choice.  I didn't sabotage my chances at the future so I could back out now.  I intended to do what I've known needed to be done since I was 16.

I kept walking, and walking, and walking.  I walked past a gas station with a cigarette ad in the window.  I thought about what a shame it was that I quit smoking for my health.  I thought about how now, in retrospect, I should of eaten Mcdonalds and chocolate cake everyday.  I should of done Heroin and every other drug under the sun.  I thought about how tame my life was because there was a tomorrow to live for.  At this I was out of downtown and well into the outskirts of Tucson. It was about 12AM at this point.

I finally reached a highway.  It wasn't like an interstate, more like a 3 lane avenue that has a sidewalk running alongside it.  I'd see these 18 wheelers come buy at 65 MPH. Upon seeing this, I could feel almost muscle spasms in my knees that were willing me to jump in front of one of these things.  I thought about it for a second.  What if I jump and they swerved and caused an accident? What if it killed other people but not me?  I couldn't bring myself to do it for that reason.

I continued walking down the highway. Even though I wasn't gonna jump in front of one of these cars, everyone that passed filled my head with visuals of me splattered all of the road.  I walked until I saw a park 

I don't know what possessed me, but I just entered the park with no intention.  I spotted a bench and threw myself in to it. I leaned over the side and vomited, then I passed out.  I woke up 2 hours later with an awful headache.  Something about the way I felt just told me I had missed my chance to end my life. I knew that the state I was in before I passed out was my opportunity to finally have the balls to do it, and I let it slip away.  I don't know when I'll ever be able to capture it again.

Today, I woke back up in purgatory where I'll remain. Life is endless suffering.