I've decided I'm going to put an end to this on new year's eve. I know I will make many people suffer, and I want to balance it out by helping others in need before I go.2 months ago I utterly destroyed with my own hands the relationship I had with the person I loved more than anyone else. It's completely my fault, I've tried to make it right but she now sees me as a monster, even though I changed my whole life for the better.

I have fixed myself, changed almost everything that was wrong with me, but she still hates me and can't forgive me. I don't blame her for that. She was my lover and my best friend for years, yet I betrayed her trust in the worst way possible. I still love her too much, and I see that it's not getting better by the day, I can notice that my whole life and attitude are getting better, but not how I feel towards her, if anything I miss her more with every day passing.

I've already made preparations for it, it's not my first attempt, but it's the first time I plan for it with a cold mind, so I think I will finally go through with that, and it gives me a sense of relief from all this pain and loneliness. 

I've chosen to help others in distress before I leave this place, so I will dedicate my last days here not seeking help for myself but giving it to others, as I'm sure sometimes people just need someone who really can understand them, as too many times I read the same exact phrases her from people wanting to help (And I know you probably really want to help, but most of us already know that there are other ways, and the fact that we will make our families suffers already haunts us enough without you telling us), when something I learned while being suicidal is that you have to solve the root causes of it, otherwise it is just pushing it further down the line.

In my case, I've come to see that the root of my suicidal thoughts just doesn't want to hear from me, and I'm gonna respect that, I will leave her alone, she doesn't know I'm going to end my life, nor is my intention to let her know and ruin hers, if everything goes as planned she will not know about it anytime soon.

Sorry if the post is kind of a mess, but it reflects my mental state at the moment.

TL;DR: I'm gonna end my life on new year's eve, if you need to talk with someone who can understand you about how you feel, I would be more than happy to spend my last days helping you! I you need a friend, go on and contact me, I may not be here for long but I promise I will make you feel loved! So feel free to PM me!