I'm going to kill myself because I cannot come to terms with timeI'm 23, and around this year I have realized how fast and short life is. Not because I think I'm old, but because I think that the last 5 years just flew by way too fast.

On these 5 years, I lost the period of time in my life I could've spent being a teenager, I didn't have my first love, I didn't have a girlfriend, or friends for that matter. Now I have a 9-5 job, and I cannot go back. And time only goes faster, and the sensation that I'm throwing my life away and anxiety increases exponentially.

I'm a virgin, never been with a girl, or went out with friends, travelled, got drunk, had fun... Mostly because I'm a coward. The experiences I could've had and will never get back are lost forever, and the social skill damage is irreversibly done.

I realize that I could just **do it** now (not considering my pathetic fear and insecurities that would keep me from doing that). It doesn't matter, I've had good experiences when I was a child and now all that's left is nostalgia and sadness that I won't live them again.

Time is life's most tragic and cruel aspect and I simply chose to not accept it. It doesn't matter what you do, it'll keep going faster and leaving pain behind. The only way someone can take over true control of life and time is suicide. There's no other way to stop time besides that and no one can argue otherwise.  
 If not, I may choose to live more 40\~ years and time will kill me, it's a false dichotomy

Deep down I have some hope that dying will enlighten me on some aspect of reality that transcends mortality and time, which are so closely tied together. Like some sort of after-life condition that makes me(?) realize that time and life never mattared, and everything begins after it.

I do have some empathy for my family, but they're on the last decades of their lives and I think death is just part of life. It could've happened some other way and it's not like I'll be regretting that they're in pain after I stop existing, anyway.

I have decided that I'll die by jumping from a hotel's balcony, I have emailed over 15 hotels that have the suffient height, but sadly due to the pandemic most of them do not allow access for rooftop areas that would make this easier. I have a professional camera and I'm going to tell them that I want to take pictures of the city, maybe it works.

Excuse my grammar, English is not my native language.