Girlfriend is suicidal over jobs and I don't know what to doWe're both 4th years at the same university and we've been dating for 2 years now but for the past two months now, she and I have been applying and searching for jobs for her for entry-level jobs (50+). She puts a ton of weight into getting a job too because of the fact that 1) all her \[insert major\] friends are getting interviews and job offers while she is not and 2) she does not want to fall back on her parents who can be very toxic to her. As a result, she's had multiple undiagnosed episodes of depression and anxiety.She has said to me multiple times that if she doesn't get a job within the end of our winter break, that she's going to "just give up", "leave this place", "just go", and other phrases strongly implying that she wants to commit suicide (also has had a history with depression). But in order for her to get a job by the end of break, she would need an interview by the end of this week or early next week. Throughout this time, she's needed affirmation and support from me as her boyfriend and I've reassured her that she would get an interview this week, despite it being a stressful week (Finals Week).

But then, earlier this week I thought out luck had changed when she received an interview then and then another interview today. I was genuinely happy and excited but she wasn't. She found out that the first one was a contract job (as opposed to a full-time) and the other one was with a consulting company (not what she wants to go into). So, she's been yelling at me that my excitement and discussion to take the interview was received as my lack of confidence that she would get an interview at a "REAL" job/company soon.

To be honest, I am frustrated that she is not even willing to interview but I'm doing my best not to show it. She tells me she doesnt want these shitty jobs and I don't want her to either, but I also don't want her to be homeless or commit suicide, so to be honest I don't know what to do.

TL;DR - Honestly frustrated but trying to understanding at GF who doesnt want to interview for two "lower tier" jobs despite us stressing over job apps the past two months, and I need help on what to do next