Not sure what to do. Mind all over the placeSorry if this thread is all over the place i'm just really not sure what to do... I really hate my life. I suffer from severe depression and social anxiety but have to put on a fake smile everyday for family. 

Recently everyday I have thoughts of suicide but have never been able to actually bring myself to do it. I guess I feel a bit guilty as both my parents have been diagnosed with cancer and I don't feel I have a right to end my life. My dad had bowel cancer from Mid 2016 but has had surgery and is doing well. We then found out Jan 2016 that my mum had leukemia and is currently still going through treatment but is doing good.

This however is not when my depression began, I was sexually abused as a child in another country (my family used to go once every few years) by my cousin on multiple occasions and ended up hating going to the country but to this day I have not told my parents why.  
I was then bullied everyday in school for 5 years. I dreaded going on lunch breaks...sometimes I used to go to the library and pretend to read books just so that I could stay somewhere I wouldn't be punched or kicked.   

After finishing uni, I started an IT job which I liked at the beginning but 2 years later the job turned crap and I vowed to leave for a better job. This was the time I had found out my mum had cancer too and I quit my job to care for her and my dad but they were not too happy as they'd rather I worked that sit at home (This was about May 2017). I decided to look for another job in August 2017 and found another job but I absolutely hate it. I don't really want to quit it as I've just started and want to give it a chance. 

I have been to the doctors about my depression and they gave me a different anti depressants to try which worked, but in early 2017 I decided to stop taking them as I didn't want to rely on medication my whole life. They referred me to a psychology team but as I had to arrange for an appointment myself I just couldn't bring myself to it as I feel embarrassed and ashamed to talk about my past life.

I don't really have any best friends to talk to deeply about this as they either do not know what to say, they think i'm lying about being depressed or they say you should talk to someone. I've rambled on but I just don't know why I really really do not like my life. I have thought about ways to kill myself but just cannot do it. I'm scared.  