Earl Grey anhedoniaBitter tannin sticking to my tongue and palate. Astringent, mouth-drying. The bergamot, earthy, sharp flavour has gone to waste. The aroma is no longer dreamy, rather harsh, making me feel nauseous. I subconsciously choke back the gagging, as I feel myself get lost in nothingness. I put a teaspoon of honey, glistening like amber, and watch it dissolve, while the sound of hefty metal clacking, pierces my ears. Saccharine, golden strings slowly disappearing in a rich hazel pool of bitterness. Every little touch against the fragile, porcelain numbs my hearing. I set the spoon aside and drown myself in bitter-sweet, chaotic fantasies. 

I loathe it.

Sometimes I allow myself to indulge in the truly wonderful taste of Earl Grey. I light the stove and admire the pretty flames until I put the kettle on and lose sight of them. While the water is boiling I put the teabag in the cup, and contemplate whether or not I should put my hand in the piping hot, bubbling, tasteless liquid. I daydream about the pain, the wounds... The attention... The sound of pouring water, the dulcet sizzling, the steam, they're all so pleasantly distracting. I admire the rich brown colour slowly creeping out of the tea leaves while waiting for exactly three minutes to pass before taking them out. Not a second longer. No sweeteners, no milk. Just the distinct smell and taste of that black tea in particular. The robust flavour, and the burning sensation numb my tongue in a matter of seconds. The rest of the cup feels like nothing. It tastes grey. 

That angers me.

How come all I get are short, overwhelming moments of extreme emotion, that end in the blink of an eye, only to have them washed out by apathy, violent urges and self-destructive behaviours?

I hold the thin, porcelain handle, painted with pretty swirls, gripping it tightly, suppressing the desire to throw it against a wall and see it shatter into innumerable shards, getting scattered all over the floor, making a shrill, deafening noise. Collecting all the broken bits sounds like such a hassle, however, imagining a razor-sharp solid slicing my arm open doesn't sound so bad... One vertical swipe is all it takes. 

Instead, I spill out the tea in the sink and leave the cup aside. 

I feel nothing. 

Harmonic lack of equity. Feels unfair, yet justified. 

It's all so painfully repetitive. Everything seems so distant and foreign. What's there to do?

Sometimes all I want to do is poison someone. Someone dear. Put the most effort and attention into making their drink the best it can be. A euphoric, floral flavour with a lethal aftertaste. Creating a masterpiece for them to consume and adore until the very last second, until the very last sip. 

Other times I just want to mix something up quickly that will make my existence come to an end. Bothering with other people sounds like a waltz that will end up injuring me. Two steps, the third one breaks my legs. At this point, death feels more like home than this confusing, grey mayhem that I've gotten so used to. 

So why bother? 

I'm on my way home.