Suicide is the only option leftIt's been a year since I got fired from my job and me and my boyfriend bought a house. I thought after getting fired, that I'd just take a few months to heal myself from the anxiety that my ex-boss caused me and start looking for a new job. That didn't happen and I eventually decided to apply for disability, since my avpd was making it harder and harder for me to even leave my house and bpd and depression were wrecking my life in every other aspect. About a month ago my application was denied as I may get better in 10 years... Sure ok, but now I'm stuck in a situation where I'm unable to work and I don't get any financial assistance from anywhere!


My therapist is giving up on me, she says I need more intesive care and they are unable to offer that. There is also the language barrier, I don't speak the language of this country and I can't focus because the stress from my financial situation. It feels like there is a conspiracy that's preventing me to get better. I really don't know where to turn anymore, who to ask for help. What am I supposed to do here?! How is suicide not the solution? I haven't found anything else, and yes, I have been trying. 


We can't just up and sell the house either, since we can't afford to rent from private market and to get an apartment from social housing is years of waiting. Luckily we are not yet in debt and we lent the money from my bf's family friend, so there's that... But I feel so guilty trapping him into this. I told my bf that my job was secure and then I got fired and we couldn't back out from buying the house anymore. If I kill myself, my bf is left to deal with the bills by himself, he'll probably have to drop out of school and work more. I don't want to do that to him, but I'm tired of living. I'm not enjoying this. I have no future.


So, this is it then. This is how my life went. 23 years of mostly pain and suffering. I feel bad for my parents and my bf, but  the fuck am I supposed to do? I don't want to be a burden. I see no other way out.