I vomit all the time and I hate myself for itI've come to terms with the fact that I have bulimia over a year ago, but it still doesn't feel real. When I told my therapist that I thought I might be bulimic, she actually laughed at me and told me that it's normal for teenage boys to eat unhealthily. Maybe that's the case, but I don't think it's normal for them to eat whatever they can get their hands on until they feel sick, and then continue eating beyond that until it's painful, and then crying and vomiting for well over an hour a day. I haven't been throwing as badly recently but I know that at my worst I was throwing up 180+ times a day until it was just blood from my irritated throat and some mucusy spit. 

I'm at college now, and my parents gave me a box of snacks to last me the semester. Two weeks in, I finished it, and then I moved to eating only cough drops by the dozen  because I don't want other people to see me eat, or even see me because I'm fat and fucking stupid and disgusting. My girlfriend gets really upset when I tell her how fat I am, and no matter how many facts she brings up (that I'm ~155 pounds at 6' 6") it doesn't change the fact that I can see and feel how fat I am. No one wants to see me and I don't want to see anyone. I love my girlfriend but I feel awful hugging her because no one should have to touch me. 

I'm also a computer science major, and I fucked up the placement test and now I'm in intro to calculus even though I should be much farther. Especially since I took honors calculus in high school already. But I'm a fucking idiot and I spend four hours a day trying to do my math homework, and I studied ten hours for a three question quiz. I've always felt anxious and obsessive but college is ruining me. I want to meet people but I don't want them to have to meet me, I would feel so bad. 

I didn't bring anything to cut myself with but I'm seriously considering twisting a soda can in half and cutting my shoulders up. I can't take this stress and I think I'm either going to kill myself or drop out, and either option I have means I'm a disgusting, obese, idiotic failure.

I think I'm going to kill myself tonight but I don't know how to make sure no one finds the body. I wouldn't want anyone to have to look at me alive, let alone visibly rotting. 