Wrote this in a human state of mind, advice would be appreciated. I have been thinking of suicide nearly everyday for over a year now. I haven’t attempted anything because I would probably fail, and then it would be more difficult to get it done later. I have put some thought into planning everything out, I just have not made a final decision on when or how. I do know that I will get some of my affairs in order, mainly paying of the few thousand I have in loans. I will move out of my parents house and wait a few months most likely. I rarely speak to them in the same house so I doubt they will check up on me much. I am fairly certain they do not know I want to die. Once I am living alone for long enough I will most likely kill myself by cutting my own throat. I have done some research into this, success is most likely if I take an aspirin regimen for a few days ahead of time, I believe getting slightly drunk will also aid in preventing clotting, plus it will reduce some of the pain. I will use a razor or a large knife, something very sharp. I will stand in the bathtub and cut as deep as possible starting from left to right just below jaw and cut as far along the neck as I can. Hopefully this will sever both the artery and vein in the throat.

Other considerations I have had would be to crash my car into head on traffic on the highway, though I am less inclined to do this because it is possible I would survive the crash if the vehicle swerved out of the way or managed to slow down enough. Although I would probably do this at night with the headlights off. I would like to make it clear that I have absolutely no sympathy or empathy for anyone that may be killed or emotionally affected through the other vehicle.
The third method is the one I would like to do the most. It would involve premeditated murder. I would very much like to murder the mother and sister of the person who caused my mind to crash. This would cause her the greatest deal of emotional distress and the thought of this gives me pleasure.

I write this last bit in the mindset that I have been having more often lately, though it does not mean I will not kill myself. I would like to not want to die, although I know that it cannot really happen. I will be alone my entire life and I cannot possibly stand that. The first 17 years of my life were completely alone and the last year has been more desolate than the beginning. I will be alone because my personality is generally not acceptable as the most prominent thoughts over the last year have been the above. I sometimes become hopeful that maybe there is someone who will accept me, and that will change the basic wrongs of my mind. I doubt very much that can happen.

I will mention that I do have some friends, although I do not trust any of them very much. The people I have known the longest I trust the least. I sincerely believe that there was some sort of conspiracy in my high school to try to make me snap, and that is still going on, therefore any friends I have from high school will abandon or try to cause me more distress in the future. The few friends I have gained since then could have easily been brought into this conspiracy. I know that there is no reason to think this, and that it is unlikely but it is ingrained into my brain that it is true, much like religion for so many.

I tried once to get professional help but the doctor seemed very disinterested and was unable to keep appointments with me. This, of course, brought me to the conclusion that he was there to make it worse.
I do not believe I have right mindset to for help to work, but maybe I am wrong.
