failed to go through with suicide on Monday, really hoping i can do it tonighthi guys

on Monday I went into a forest so I could hang myself but I pretty much got too nervous and didn’t do it. I’m home, but I think I’ve figured out a way to end my life hopefully in my bedroom, I went outside because I’m stuck in a house with 6 people currently and I didn’t know where to do it with them, I originally had a plan but that isn’t as feasible anymore 
i really don’t know if it’ll work at all, I don’t know what I’ve decided to tie it on will hold my weight, and what I have is just a scarf, I really have to get past my survival instincts if I really want to die
i’m sick of thinking ‘reincarnation is real, if you die you’ll just have to go through this again’ i just want it to be blackness. I am so sick of my pain, I know my life is going to be extremely painful to live, it has been so much so far. i really hope after death it’s just nothing, complete non existence because this pain is absolutely unreal
I would rather deal with extreme physical pain than the emotional pain that I feel, I remember once I had a tooth abscess, apparently that hurts a lot, but my mental pain is 20x that all of the time. it feels like there is something burning inside of me, I hate having bpd, autism, depression and anxiety. i don’t have any reason to continue on living, i give up on myself. I did go to a hospital but the doctor said “what we are dealing with is a personality disorder, there is emotional instability” and he told me that he didn’t believe that I would end my life. i haven’t told anybody this, but when I was in the bathroom in my hospital room I tried to end my life (but again, got too nervous), I did this over 5 times in a day. but i’m done. i have been taking medication for three days and it feels like nothing will get better, i feel so empty inside. today I went in a walk in nature and I felt nothing at all, my mood didn’t improve one bit. I’m just so done and I don’t even care if I feel scared, because the emotional pain I feel every single day from things most people don’t even care about is incredible. i feel so unstable, and weak because I could never do it those times.. I’m just so done