I saw someone else got hung up on too &amp; it made me remember thisNovember 4th. 2016.
I recently turned 16 that september and things were looking up for me. I was planning to get my license in a few weeks, started school and was doing amazing so far, adopted a lovely cat, was making amazing money on a PT job. 
It all came crashing down in october, when my first boyfriend of 2 years broke up with me. I’ll save that sappy shit for another time, like me sitting in a rainy parking lot where he left me and how i cried and screamed on the ground until the police showed up. 
Our relationship was doomed from the beginning, but i will not discuss that.
From october 7th-november 4th i was in the hospital every night for suicide attempts. Overdoses, alcohol poisoning, self harm, reckless driving (with stolen car - charges dropped), and then my biggest attempt.

I dropped out of school, stopped eating, lost so much weight in one month and i had no energy to even shower or do other basic hygiene things. I’ll say it, i hit rock bottom and my heart ached every single day. Around this time too i started sleeping around because i did not care anymore, i was raped at a party a few nights after my ex broke up with me, and the only thing i wanted was to die.
I remember laughing while blood sprayed from my wrist.

November 4th.
I had to take a 2 hour bus ride to see my psychiatrist, who, also is the biggest idiot in the world and did absolutely nothing to help me. I was blind to any help back then, but i know to this day he made the situation much worse. I had a bottle of vodka in my bag, along with zoplicone (for those who are not familiar-sleeping pills) 7.5mg. I was told anything over it was an overdose, but isn’t anything over the intended dosage an overdose? I saved up pills for two weeks straight. My dad handed me one every night, i hid it under my tongue. 
7.5mg x 14 days = 105mg
Prior to this, the night i was raped i had two with me and along with a few shots, i got completely blackout drunk with no memory whatsoever. I slept 20 hours at the hospital that night.
So I had two weeks worth of sleeping pills on me, i called my dad around 1pm (after my appointment) and was so happy. I said “I’ll be home soon. I love you” What i mean’t was home in heaven, with my brothers, and hopefully soon i’d get to see my love and we’d be together again
yea my head wasn’t screwed on right.
I shut off my phone, and used my music phone for the sad songs. I headed to a west vancouvers park with cliffs, got there around 5pm already drunk and crying my eyes out. I started to take pills one by one and got completely messed up.
I phoned kids help phone,
I was crying my eyes out like never before. I said “i don’t wanna die, i want my baby to come back, i just want him please please please” I was chugging back vodka like it was cold water on a summers day. 
My memory is a bit fuzzy now, but i remember the counsellor clearing saying “Well there’s nothing i can do. I hope you get the help you need and i’m going to hang up now, have a great night! Bye” And that was it. I kept trying to cut him off with “but-“ and “please” but he talked over me. When he hung up, i threw my phone into the water. I didn’t give a single fuck anymore, i blasted music via my other phone and a small speaker, smoked, and let the breeze cool my tears. I could barely stand, i screamed his name and how much i loved him, i screamed bloody murder for what felt like hours. 
there was million dollar homes within a KM of me, so i’m guessing they all heard me. I heard sirens, but i knew they’d have to drive 20 minutes from a main highway in order to get to me.

I finished the last drop of the vodka, downed a couple more pills (i think i took about 8-10 total) and with all the strength i had i stood up, i said “i’ll be with you soon. i love you so much, im so sorry, please let me be safe until im with you” and i jumped off a cliff. i didn’t know this at the time, but there was huge rocks at the bottom and its a mircle i didnt hit any of them. 
I went so far into the water, i swear i touched the bottom, i just remember thinking “its okay im dying now”
I’ve been a swimmer all my life, and due to some pool parties i have experience swimming drunk. But the waves were so strong, the water was below freezing, and it was pitch black outside and i was losing the will to fight.
I swam up, gasped for air and screamed before a wave crashed on me and i got knocked out cold. They think i hit a rock.

Vancouvers search &amp; rescue found me blue, low pulse, and presumed broken neck. They induced me into a coma and intubated me, i had cuts and bruises all over me and my collarbone shattered along with severe hypothermia that felt like it lasted for days. They released me in the early morning, i made up some excuse along the lines of “i was drinking with my friends and they left me, i got drunk and went swimming” then they believed me when i said i guess the waves pulled me out. 

All i needed in those last 5 minutes was a comforting voice. 
I just needed someone to tell me i was going to be okay
almost 2 years later, and i am so much happier and in love with life and myself. I am here for ANYONE going through heartbreak/depression/suicidal thoughts. Please know that people care. You are worthy and deserve so much more than this pain. Take care
