She left a suicidal person after 6 years and that person was meMy story could be drawn out into a long depressing book, but I'll try to tell it in the most concise way I can. We met when I was 16 and she was 15... We were best friends and I thought we were going to be together forever. While our relationship wasn't perfect, it was mainly great- we both had our insecurities but it was manageable. We moved in together in college, but I changed for the worse. I drank because I didn't know how to fix my sadness that I wrongly associated with the relationship.

 Last July my suicidal thoughts, my drinking and a fight with her lead me to jump off a balcony. I gradually recovered physically in the hospital, and what I thought mentally as well. As I was recovering I started to have a tremendous amount of regret revolving around my suicide attempt because my situation seemed to be getting better and I had hope for the future. I later realized that I'm just an attention-seeking asshole, and that's why I regretted my attempt. 

Once I was nearly all better, I found out I could not go back in our apartment. She cheated on me and broke up with me. It makes a lot of looking at it now, three months later, but it hurts. I literally ruined my own life (and hers) by being unhappy. Having no contact with someone who you considered to be your best friend hurts like crazy and just to know there is some other guy in the picture hurts my heart so fucking much. I also hate how much I must have scared my ex. Something I can never forgive myself for. This unhappiness just causes more unhappiness-- and I need to end this negative feedback loop. My major depressive disorder, the breakup, and the constant thought of suicide has caused me to drop out of college. 

I've been to the hospital, I've been to a psychiatrist, a therapist, the gym, meditation classes...ect. I really have tried to be happy, but at this point I quit. I am done fighting. I'm a lover not a fighter. I miss who I used to be. I didn't realize what I had to lose, until I lost what I had. It's a terrible feeling to give up on yourself but that's where I'm at. Today wasn’t a good day and nor were the past six months.