I don't know what to do. Please...help.I'm scared for myself, and scared *of* myself. Deep inside of me I know I wanna keep living, but on the surface I just wanna end it. Life suddenly seems so pointless. I don't know what happenned. I was fine yesterday. I've had thoughts like "life is pointless" many times before, but I always just kinda moved past it. But since like 10:00PM last night, I just feel utterly hopeless. Like nothing matters. I just wanna end myself so that this horrible feeling will go away. I didn't even realize I had depression. All of a sudden I just see everything as stupid and pointless. Like everything is meaningless.

I tried listening to music, but I got frustrated because I couldn't enjoy it. It all just seemed uninteresting. And I *love* music. I walk around with headphones on most of the time for God's sake. But now? I just don't care.

I tried reading a comic. The new chapter of One Piece just dropped today. That'll cheer me up! Right? No. I got 4 pages in and realized a was just glaring over the words. I just didn't care.

So I tried playing a game. Maybe I could distract myself for a little bit at least. Nope. Got sat down, booted the game, played for 5 minutes and realized I was just mashing buttons. I. Just. Didn't. Care.

I don't know what to do. I'm sitting in my room shaking and trying to convince myself that it'll pass and everything will go back to normal. Thing is, I don't really believe that. Life isn't suddenly gonna gain meaning. But I keep pounding the thought into my head. Maybe it'll stick if I try hard enough.

My family doesn't even know. They're extremely religious and would tell me to do the same thing they always do. Pray. Except I'm not religious (they don't know that), so prayer doesn't do shit for me. And even if they knew, they'd treat me so different after they found out. It would ruin our already shit relationship.

I also don't have friends to tell.

I feel a little better (emphasize "little") typing this out, since it feels like the only way to let these feelings out. But I still don't give a shit by-and-large. I mean, why should I? Why does life even matter? Why not just end the pain and hopelessness and hope that there is something better on the other side?

I just wanna know what to do. The suicide hotline didn't help, but I figured you guys might be able to. I don't care what emotion I feel. I'll take sad, bitter, angry, annoyed, frustrated. Anything but hopelesd would be a step up. At least then I'd care enough to feel those emotions.

I don't know if any of you have any clue what to do, but please try. I know I don't wanna die inside, but I just can't find where that hope is. Please. Do something. *Anything*.

Edit: I think I'm also having a panic attack (I get those occasionally). Maybe that's why it hit so suddenly and just flares up for no reason. I dunno. I just want it to stop. I'm scared...