Suicide is something I yearn but not possibleFirst of all I'm not going to kill myself. I wish I could but I can't because I am a single mother of two kids so killing myself is not an option. 


There is no other place where I could say this outloud but here: I wish I'd never had kids, then I could end my life. 


No point in telling all the things that have gone wrong in my life, there are so many of them but know that they are big things. It's fair to say that life has kicked me to the ground from the time I was a small child to this day, I am 36 now. 


Everytime I think that life get's easier, that maybe now it is my turn to be happy, something happends, something bad. Illness, fire, loss. I've dealt with most of the shit quite well, I have a job, a apartment, I can pay my bills and my old car hasn't had any major issues. 


I'm a shitty mom, I used to be better but for the last six months I've been a depressed mess that has led my kids to be causious around me. My daughter is very sensitive and I know she suffers seeing me suffer but I don't have the strenght to pretend I'm happy. 


The last straw was when my ex left me. I have been single for most of my life, just taking care of the kids and doing my job. I was not looking for anyone but in the age of 33 I fell in LOVE for the first time and I really worked hard for it to last. It didn't of course, that too fell apart like all the other things have. 


I've tried to get help but no use. I tried to find medication to help with the depression but they just made me feel worse. 


I see no light at the end of the tunnel because I know there is none. I wish I could believe in god or something so I'd have some hope but no. 

Only thing that I yearn is to end this, I'm not dramatic, just so tired. No-one knows, I have few friends but they have their lives and they avoid me when they see that I am in pain. 


I have done everything the books say, I got new hobbies, volunteering at my local animal shelter, I go to yoga but nothing takes away this exhaustion. The idea that I still have XX years to live is so exhausting, I don't know where I'll get the strenght to go on but because of my kids I have no choise. I have no joy, just endless amount of dark hours ahead of me.


This sounds so stupid and whining and that it is.  