Lonely, but not by choiceI've been going to college for about half a year. Just commuting, still with my parents, but going full time. Working, too.

It took me two years just to bring myself to go. Between high-school and now I realised that the vocation I spent half of my high-school education on (IT, primarily help desk stuff) is a dying industry. I interned at two places, both of which took advantage of me and treated me as a full-time employee without paying me. They're both out of business.

So I went back to school, this time for Computer Science. Lately, I've just given up. I don't know what happened. I just can't bring myself to complete any assignments, which makes me avoid lectures so that I don't have to face my professors about it. 

Over the past few years, I've realized that I really don't belive in God. Certainly not in the christian sense. Problem is, everyone I've ever really known has been one of Jehovah's Witnesses. If you didn't know, they are strongly against having much interaction with "worldly people", anyone who isn't a witness.

This includes my entire family, who, for the most part, I love. So I was baptized not long before I started school. Yes, baptism is a "choice" here, but being 20, I felt a lot of pressure to make a decision- If I wasn't baptized, at some point, I would get lots of flack, and eventually just be abandoned. Now that I *am* baptized, it's a guarantee that everyone I know will shun me.

This also includes the closest thing I've had to a girlfriend. She's really into me, I'm really into her, but Witnesses are insane and don't understand the concept of dating, so we aren't really capable of actually being with each other as much as we would like.  Of couse, now, I'm going to have to explain to her that I don't belive any of this. And she'll be devistated, but that'll be it. Done.

So now, here I am, going through the motions (church tuesdays and sundays, "family worship" thrusdays, door-to-door ministry weekends), because my parents would probably kick me out otherwise, but I'm avoiding all my friends, because they're going to have to avoid me anyways.

No friends, no faith, plenty of reason to not trust people, probably no sustainable job in the future, no way of getting out unless I manage to get out of this rut, which would require friends I no longer have.

If I'm going to end it, I can't do so very soon, and I don't have the funds for an apartment. I used to tell myself that was a good thing, that by the timw I was capable of enacting that plan I'd be better. Now, I'm nott sure if I'll ever even make it to that point. I'm just stuck.

Edit: Oh, I failed to mention, I'm on the autism spectrum, bisexual, basically a furry, and sometimes want to be significantly more feminine than I am. (My parents know I'm bisexual but they assume it's something I "wouldn't act on".) In other words, I might as well have been spawned by satan to corrupt people as far as my former religion is concerned and need to listen to them spew complete bullshit about me and the groups I identify with.

Edit 2: removed reference to specific suicide method. Seens a little odd of a ruke considering the sub.