Nobody else to share this with (Vent)I just want to know what people think and so I'm just going to vent. I'm curious if anyone else feels this way.

My life isn't terrible, but it's also going absolutely nowhere. I've studied to be a paramedic and failed the first year by only 2% of a grade. That same year I was involved in a car accident that put me before the court of law charged with a driving felony meaning I could never work on an Ambulance anyway, so that education money was wasted even if I wanted to go back and give it another go. I've been working as a lifeguard however coronavirus closed all public swimming places and put me out of a job. I like working on my car, it brings me joy, but I will go to jail if I'm caught breaching my licence conditions. 
I don't have many friends, all my friends are girls, despite me being a heterosexual Male. I have a shit relationship with my parents, I hate my dad, but my mum isn't as bad. The girls I'm friends with i've all previously slept with, so I don't hang out in a group or with groups, just individuals at any one time. I used to be very socially outgoing but now have developed some social anxiety and depression. People jokingly call me a slut and I've come to realize that it is not a good thing as a guy, unlike how society makes people think it's cool to be a guy that gets around, but because of my behavior I find it difficult to be involved in a real relationship. I know that life is so much more meaningful than a 9-5 work day and paying taxes, but I cannot grasp something different or do anything about changing that. Nobody can. I'm not terribly unhappy or broke, but I have regular suicidal thoughts, however I try to hold on in hope that the future is exciting, I want to be alive to see people go to Mars or see the rise of AI. I've done some sinful shit in my life and I just feel like a waste, someone else deserves a better shot at my life than I've given it. I wouldn't say I've given up, but I just don't care about anything anymore. What frustrates me most is that our current society, and the systems way of making people so insignificant, is what creates this feeling of uselessness. I know other people feel the same way.

Anyway, hope you are all keeping safe and staying healthy.