“Slowly they realize failure is all that awaits them.”My safe place has been breached. Given, it wasn’t a very safe place to begin, but it’s safer than the real world. I drowned myself in overwatch for the past month about. I felt safe there, and every win brought with it dopamine that my broken brain finds refuge in. With losses would come no feeling of pain, rather that there was nothing I could have done to change it.

Then today happened. I missed a critical play and 5 people got on voice comms and berated me. The enemy team made fun of my attempt too. 11 people bullied one. That’s when I heard Moira’s voice line, the one in the title of this post. It broke me.

The year and 2 months of unemployment, the struggle to find something to help me get out of my abusive household, my schoolwork going by the wayside... it’s all failures. And that’s all I’ve really had. It goes back further. I failed classes in high school. I failed social interaction in middle school. I failed failed failed. Before that even! From preschool to first grade I was constantly trying to make friends, but the ones I made betrayed me.

I don’t know what’s wrong with me. Am I destined to fail? Is failure all that awaits me? I hear Moira’s voice line, “My keen analytical mind detects a pattern forming.” Mine does too. Based on the data, it would not be an outlandish assumption to say that success is out of my reach.

I know. The world isn’t a fair place. But I play by the rules, never do anything to get myself an unfair advantage and I want it to stay that way. I don’t cheat, I rarely lie (if I do it’s something minor), and I do not steal.

So what am I to do? I see no logical explanation other than that I am in some way meant to fail. If there is a god or goddess or deity or great spirit or any combination of the four, what did I do to deserve this? A broken mind, a less than able body, and no chance of improvement? 

I connect my self worth to what I produce, or so I’m told. I guess that’s right. I cannot do art anymore as the result of hours of creation renders a piece unworthy of existence. Similarly I cannot write, as the words and syntax and flow are not satisfactory. 

If you’ve believed in me, I am sorry. I produce another failure. I wish to fail no more. I will succeed at something, even if it kills me. The curtains draw closed, and the lights go dim. May my final crescendo be as beautiful as I thought the world to be! But alas! It shall end in a horrific crash.