Gotta Vent Somewhere...Culture clash/ParentsOK, so..I'm an 18 year old guy, and like most guys, my age, I want to just chill and relax with friends, drink, socialize, get a girlfriend....The regular happy kid things. Problem is, my parents are from India, they immigrated to Canada in search of a better life and, they got one. The thing is, I was born here, and they want me to have the same customs as them. Like, I'm not allowed to date, no girls at all anywhere. I mean, I went out with friends and if I said that my friends are bringing their girlfriends or just friends that are girls, I wouldn't be allowed to go. I'm not allowed to drink alcohol, even though  I have (prom, parties etc) but my parents still believe that I never should. I only drink socially and I NEVER end up being the drunk idiot. I'm extremely responsible, I have good grades, I don't do stupid things, but they still treat me like a child. I've always thought about becoming a psychologist, but my mom forced me to go into commerce (thank God I like accounting), but I have no freedom. Because of my parents, I've attempted suicide, I have anxiety and extreme test anxiety, I get panic attacks. I'm always the first one to leave if I hang out with friends. I mean, my curfew is 5pm! I can't go anywhere without having one of parents yelling at me. It does get me angry, but I don't know what to do with it. I've snapped just once and it was horrible..I really lost it and I got too angry. I didn't hit anyone, but I did break a bunch of things (hockey stick against the wall, smashed head against wall...) and my mother, when she saw how much anger I had in me told me that I would never be happy till I kill one of them and I'm afraid to believe that it might be true...I can't take this for long and my school counselor doesn't really offer any great advice, so I turn to you reddit, how do I not commit suicide or kill someone and get rid of my rage? I do mma, Brazilian jujitsu, I applied for the Canadian Reserves so it can help keep me in shape, but the main reason is so that the day they give me a loaded rifle I'll just shoot myself..and I work out to stay sane but I can't. It's tiring. I don't enjoy anything anymore. My friends say I look depressed, I don't smile, I dunno...