I'm at that place again...I feel a little hesitant about posting this, as I don't want to take attention away from someone that has an urgent issue. I guess I'm not urgent, but one of the scariest things to me is not knowing when it could actually happen. I've never been completely resigned to killing myself, but I'm sure some others aren't either when they commit the act. 

I just turned 20 and was hospitalized around a month ago for a bout of severe depression and suicidal ideation. I began talking to a therapist and was put on medication. I quit taking the medication because of not being able to deal with the side affects. I also haven't been showing up to appointments with therapists. I have just continued to choose to neglect myself. I was told I had depression or dysthymia. 

I can see my life getting better, I really can, but I'm just so unsure of how to get it there. I don't really understand how most people's advice can help me. Sure, I can start exercising and finding new hobbies but I'm sure something will always come along and fuck things up again. I consider myself pretty weak, and I'm ashamed of it. I have all the empathy and thoughtfulness in the world for others but it always seems to be unrequited or taken advantage of. I'm young, but I feel like I haven't been able to learn lessons from the mistakes I've made. It always seems to happen again, and it's always a cyclical issue that ends with me being at this same place. I can't even say I'm "tired" of it. I've been living for the struggle of finding something to make me snap out of this, and I don't know how to make it happen. I guess I'm just jaded.

I got dealt a pretty decent hand of cards. I come from a supportive family, I'm not ugly, I'm reasonably intelligent, and I got a full ride to a good college. Maybe I'm unappreciative or ignorant, but these things haven't been a perfect recipe for happiness. I'm tired of people telling me I have no reason to be sad. This may sound pretentious, but I don't really feel like I was ever meant for this life. I can barely keep it together without feeling like a fool most of the time. I've completely failed at school this semester as well due to depression. 

I don't want to die, but some nights like tonight, it's hard for me to see around that. I threw away all the alcohol in my house because I knew if I started drinking there was a much greater chance of me doing it, and that scares me. It's so hard to ask for help, but I know I need it. I need to get out of this hole, but it just seems so hard. 