I'm so down I don't know how to get of my kneesIm realy done with all this shit. I cant take it anymore. Aged 22 and achieved complitley nothing, I have nothing, I have no money, I have no1 I can call a real friend, I have no people I can trust, I have no education, I have no life. For the past 2 years Ive been suffering from anxiety, depression, anger I cant controll and lonelyness, I feel so worthless, I feel so down I dont see a way to get up again. Aged 22, still live with my parents while people my age go out in the world and Im being here useless, desperate for something to happen that would bring me off my knees. Its my fault.. I know its my fault for not having anything, to be honest Im affraid of my future, I cant guarantee my own future. Even if there are good days there is still that voice in my head “ok, you live, eat, breathe and have fun today, what are you going to do tomorrow?” Same old story every day. If some1 told me 5 years ago how I will end up I wouldnt believe him, Im ashamed of myself! I have nothing to offer to ANYONE! Now I know why she left me… I have nothing to give. I dont know what my future might be, and honestly… I dont want to know, because if some1 told me my future now I dont think I could handle the truth that I would have to live with for the rest of my life. Who wants to live their life in pain? No1. I know there are people that have been in worse situations than I, but they found the way that I wish I could too. I realy have nothing. I live day by day for what? Miracles only happen to people who are happy and dont worry about anything. - I saw a shooting star, made my wish and put it in the jar. - Now I wish I wouldnt have to say this.. But this is it. My life is my worst dream I can dream. Life goes on with or without me and time will wash away the pain and sadness. I wish I could leave behind something to remember me by, but Im affraid there is nothing to leave behind other than these words that are a shame to write.
You have no idea of the scale that my heart and soul hurts! So please before you blame me, try to understand me!