I wish I could actually go through with itI can think of dozens of ways to die, and for each and every one of those, I can think of at least two why that specific plan is terrible. And no matter how I go, there will always be people inconvenienced at best, or hurt at worst.

Two dozen reasons not to kill myself, is not the same as having two dozen reasons to live. I don't have any of those. I just exist, and continue to exist for no other reason than that dying takes effort, that people would be inconvenienced, that the success rates are too low.

Everyone around me knows I'll never be able to take my own life. And that, combined with me dragging myself through the motions of every day life of work, eat, shower, sleep somehow means everything should be fine. That I'm somehow not constantly falling apart. Because I'm not a direct threat to myself or to others, and I'm doing my duties as a good little borg drone, my pain doesn't matter.

All anyone ever does is throw platitudes at me, "find something you enjoy", "try everything and see what sticks", "just keep doing what you're doing". Even the bloody therapist can't do anything different. It's all nothing but bullshit. Nothing like that exists, I don't know what 'happiness' is. The closest I've ever gotten was comfort. And that situation only ended up blowing up in my face. "You can find that again" they say, knowing full well that I can't. I can't meet the requirements for that specific circumstance. And even worse, I don't even want to. Every time I get caught up in that I get hurt. Me and people don't mix. Me and people shouldn't mix.

Without hopes, or dreams, anything to make it worth it. All the inane bullshit of every day life just becomes a burden without a purpose. I can't 'work towards' anything, because I don't want anything. I can't even work towards making things 'better' because I don't fucking know what that looks like. Feeling less shit? All that leads to is apathy, that still doesn't make it worth it.

Hopefully some day soon I'll actually break, and either something will kill me, or I stop giving a damn about who I inconvenience. There's nothing in this life for me except continuously fighting myself without ever getting anything out of it.