Living life really hurtsI just want to tell about my life, my feelings about it, and maybe have someones help or opinion about it

Well, here it goes. It all started while i was doing poorly in my studies in high school and that really lowered my confidence and ability to keep trying. Then i had my first car accident. I was devastated as i never wanted it to happen and people criticized me for that. I feared of going out in public because of the terror i felt around people. Even till this day, I'm still scared of going out. During my last year of high school, my grade dropped dramatically and barely had enough good grades to get into a college. I would fail test and assignments; it was hard and sometimes i would hide from others to avoid comparing works and grade. Now on to college, i got into the program i was interested in. I struggled to pass my courses. I studied so hard for them and it just lead me either fail a course or just barely pass it. I'm even taking one of my failed courses for the third time. In my second year, i got into my second car accident and it felt like it was end for me. I almost committed suicide that day, which would be my 3 attempt. I do also work, but I'm working in retail which isn't really me forte and terrifies me, but i need the money to support myself and pay for school. My parents tell me that I'm failure and that i cause so much problem. However they still insist they care for me, but inside i know they don't and pretending they do. I don't have any friends and I'm too scared to make any. My room is the only place i feel safe and protected from the outside

Because of what has happened, I've become depressed and unhappy with my life. Ive realized that things always get worse and that maybe death is my only way to make things better. Like i said, i attempted suicide 3 times, but each failed attempt is so painful that each day of life hurts me. Am i really that terrible of a person with a shitty life, or maybe I'm just a hopeless person who can't do things right at all. I do look for answer out of this, but maybe suicide is the best choice for me and want to give up. 

