Going out in public is such a huge thing for me.My mom asked me if I wanted to get my eyebrows and nails which is strangely nice for her. I said ok but I figured she would take me tomorrow but she insisted on today. Usually I get them threaded at the mall, but I stopped going there, because I see people I go to school with there. 

So I got dressed up and put mascara on because I’ve been trying to look less disgusting when I go out in public. We got in a car accident before we got to the nail place, but otherwise everything is fine, until we go into the shop. I was so confident right until I made eye contact with a lady and her daughter there. The girl was 13 and just beautiful. The nail ladies were chatting her up and calling her beautiful and all that jazz. 

When we entered they looked at me and it happened. Their expressions just dropped and everyone got silent. The lady and the daughter just kept looking at me with this shellshock look. By now I’m used to this look when I go out in public, especially if I’m going makeup free, but every time it happens, it hurts so bad. 

The lady kept staring at me and eventually I started crying. Not enough to be visible, but enough for it cloud my vision. I put my head so she couldn’t keep looking at me. When the daughter finished her nails, she quickly left and then the lady had to come sit under the nail dryer with me, but she ended up leaving really early. I left soon after and went in the car and cried for about 10-12 minutes, while waiting for my mom and sister to finish.

In some of my earlier posts, I complained about having health issues and how I got lightheaded easily. I said that I had been telling my mom about this stuff for about a year and she would just ignore me. After the car accident - which wasn’t bad at all - my sister said she felt like she had a concussion, and my mom immediately drove to the hospital, where they spent three hours waiting for my sister to get checked out. Long story short, I’m going to try to hang myself again tomorrow before school starts again. I can’t handle being unattractive. Nobody will ever care about me. I can’t handle the stares and the glares and the laughs. It’s just too much. I’m sorry.