I’m tired of waking up.I genuinely think about ending my life a lot. I’ve thought about it for years. It sucks. I’ve been to therapy I’ve been medicated. Nothing seems to pull me out of my head and my trauma and every few years I fall so deep into my depression its complete misery. I cry everyday , I hardly eat , when I am not filled with sadness I kind of go numb. I feel empty and that’s the most comfort I have away from my sadness these days. Nobody knows what to do with me . I’ve started isolating myself from my friends And family more and more because I feel like such a burden in everyone’s life. I want to distance myself so far so that I don’t feel as guilty. I don’t like the person I am anymore. I abuse drugs and alc daily. If I am not drinking I am taking something else. I started self harming again it’s been almost everyday . I look at my wrists and my body and it represents all the scars inside and the pain is just on the outside now. I look at them and it makes me hate myself more. But it feels good to be the one in control of the pain for once. I can point at it and tell myself “ that’s where it hurts “ I really just want to die peacefully In my sleep. I’ve thought about mixing pills and alc, taking some sleeping medicine and just hoping I stop breathing by the time the sun goes up. I’ve thought about carbon monoxide poisoning. I didn’t ask to be born, I didn’t ask to be put through trauma. So why is it fair that I am forced to stay here tortured every single day by the thoughts and feelings in my head. Life would go on , people die everyday that’s life. I just get to choose when And how &amp; that’s the only difference. I am wishing life away and I only feel content anymore when I sleep. I hate myself for feeling this way but I can’t help it. I just want to know what it feels like to be happy. To wake up and not have an anxiety attack with in the first few minutes of being awake for the day and then asking myself how I will manage to escape myself today. And then it just repeats . I am not living at all I’m simply existing where I don’t even want to. I’m in so much pain but I wouldn’t say that to anyone in my real life anymore. They deserve better. I should just begin to remove myself so it’s easier for when I really do remove myself.