I'm scared my friend is suicidalHey y'all. I read the talking tips and risk assessment guide. I'm really not sure how to help a friend of mine, and it's kind of a weird situation as he's mostly an internet friend for 7+ years at this point. He also is a bit reticent to open up, so I don't know all the details of his family relationships and such. We've met a few times IRL, and he's within driving distance of me.

I don't know that he has a plan, but I am very worried about him. He's made references to wishing he had died at [specific prior event] and said he doesn't want to get better, and has pulled back from me significantly. We used to talk like every day, now we send a few short messages every day. I've tried to be respectful of his space because he's had a rough few months and I didn't want to be overbearing. He's struggled with depression for a while, had a major rough spiral a few months ago, sought help and I thought he was headed in a better direction, and then got hospitalized with COVID. He also lost a key outer resource in the form of another friend that he was closer to and would open up to more, and he has 2/3 Joiner factors. (I'm trying to make it clear that I read the posts!)

I've tried to be supportive, within the diminished contact that I've had with him, but I don't know what other steps I should be taking. I've encouraged him to reach out to his psychologist again (the COVID hospitalization put that stuff on hold), and have offered to help him find someone who can do televisits or help him reach back out to his psychologist, which he didn't want to do. I figured he would say no since that is very intimate to help with, but I didn't know what else to say or how else to help. He's told me that I should give up on him and move on, but I just can't do that. When he's feeling well, he's a very creative person with a sharp sense of humor, is willing to dedicate himself to others, and has been there for me through a lot of stuff, and we've known each other for a very long time. 

I'm very nervous about him. I don't know that he's in immediate danger of harming himself, but I also don't know how to support him best. I've got his phone number but don't have his address so I can't, like, show up in person. (Also probably doesn't seem like the best way to make him feel better. I'm definitely scared that I'm not doing enough which is definitely influencing my drive to "make some grand gesture!"). I would be able to reach out to his family members, but I haven't met/talked to them before.

(He's not a redditor but if he sees this, I'm sorry for dishing here, I don't know where else to go to talk about this, and I've kept out all personally identifying details.)

Thanks for any advice or insight you're able to give.