update i guessI feel down today. The bright side is that I haven't been on here for seven months and with reason. Because I didn't feel like killing myself. It was nice. To have a whole seven months without wanting to kill yourself. 

One of the things I started doing was pretending to be positive all the time. So if I were going to go to an event that I thought I wouldn't enjoy, I would just think, I am going to enjoy this event.  Sometimes it would work. If I were ever upset, I would just tell myself I have hit a bump in the road, and that it won't always feel like this. It was hard at points, but it worked for a while. I think it helped me significantly in forming the way I think. I am not sure if it would work well for everyone, but you might want to try it. In a way, it was internal faking it until you make it. You have to convince yourself I guess. idk. 

but now i feel sad.

Currently, my problem is that I feel emotionally distant from a lot of my friends. Last night I felt killing myself. It was the first time in about 6 months. I had done a lot of things and been proactive in making things work for me, but I seem to hit a bump in the road when it comes to friendships. I feel alone. I feel distant. And it's like actual aloneness. Not like completely internal. I don't quite fit into any friend group. And for the individual friends i feel like I have personal circumstances which make it hard to feel not lonely. 

One of them is a distance issue. This friend went to college a couple hours away. We were never particularly physically close. I mostly chatted to her over facebook. But sometimes, we would do  things together. It feels like recently, our conversations on facebook have devolved into nothingness. I don't really feel anything when I chat with her anymore. I think maybe calling her or video chatting her might help, and I will try that, but it feels weird not being able to feel something when I talk to her.  

With another friend, I feel distant to emotionally, and I don't know why. It feels strange sometimes talking to her. She will bring up things that make me sad sometimes. I know she doesn't mean it, but it ends up being that way. She also struggles with depression. Sometimes she talks about one of her friends, who I really dislike, out of the blue, and it makes me sad. I think I might have a crush on her or something. I have never really been good at introspecting at my own internal feelings. It's more likely than not I don't have a crush on her or anything. it's probably that I am just upset whenever I talk to her about certain topics. 

The other friend I have, i feel uncomfortable talking to about feelings sometimes. He is a cool guy. We participate in activities together a lot. Many extracurriculars. It feels just hard to talk to him. 

And over the past month or so, I have been feeling down in general. I have been trying to reaffirm to myself that I will get better. That this is temporary. And I do believe that. That this will end. I am going off to college next year, and I think I will have a good time there. I just want the sad stuff to stop right now. And in the case of last night, I wanted it to stop so much I wanted to kill myself for the first time in 6 months. 

idk