Ive tried so hard but i cant be without herShe broke with me more than a month ago and I've tried so hard to be without her but I can't do it anymore. I staryed going to the YMCA and working out and started doing the keto diet and it was working and started doing college registration stuff  but I can't do it anymore. She meant everything to me. She was my first everything and she said we'd grow old together and then she dropped me like a toy and now she's fuck buddies with a guy from her work. We were going to move in together and we daydreamed about buying a house and having a garden. Two and half years down the drain. I've stopped taking my anti depressants and tell my family I'm dieting but at night I go out and buy gas station junk food and then I binge and then throw it up and I'm a disgusting ugly horrible person and I just want to die. It hurts so much. I don't want it to get better I only want her. I want to hold her again, I want to feel her hug me again I want to watch funny videos with her again. I've been avoiding my therapist. I don't want this I shouldn't be in bed by myself and I shouldn't come home to nobody. It's not suppose to be like this. And somehow it wrong for me to want to hurt her. Im suppose to "be the bigger person" and just let go like nothing every happened and me wanting answers about how she could stab me in the back is "harassment". This is the end of me. I can't do it because it's not worth it unless shes with me. I hate her but I still love her. I'm so confused and pathetic. I don't want help and I just want to die. She said I was crazy for trying to talk to her but she broke up over a fucking text while I was painting the place we were planning to into. I'm so angry at her. I want to fucking torture her for what she did. I want to take her beautiful perfect body and mangle it. I want to disfigure her. If I can't have her than nobody can. There I said it. She knows I'm the only guy in our little shit hole town that's smart enough to raise us above the poverty line. But she was stupid and broke up with me. She's destroyed me for no reason and she's turned me into a person whose either a pathetic crying weakling or an angry psychotic asshole. If I'm sad, then I kill myself. If I'm angry, then I torture her and then kill myself. Either way, she's guaranteed I wind up dead. It's her fault. Everything would've been perfect. But she was stupid. Why shouldnt I find out where she is and cause her as much pain as I can in the 15 minutes before the police show up. I don't care what anyone thinks. My hopes and dreams died with our relationship so it's not like I'll lose my future or anything. I hate all of you because when I post this massive rambling you'll try to talk me out of it and just accept the pain. I don't want to accept it. It never should've happened. I'm already dead. I've only been a husk since she left me. I just want to fucking die. I just want to die and get it over with. I'm sorry but I don't have a purpose in life anymore and if I do its a malicious vengeful one.  Fuck her and fuck me for still being alive