My psychiatrist just forgot about our second appointment in a row, after a suicide attempt, then accused me and my wife of making "allegations," about said appointments on the phone. Literally, he just forgot. Twice. He blames me. How can I proceed?What he did and didn't say is in text, call logs, and missed time expectations. He double booked me the first time, (extremely obvious when he was upset I was in the waiting room, cut the appoint to about 10-15 minutes, would not listen to new medical information I had, and refused to give the number of a psychologist he told me he would, because he was "in a hurry.") He told me to text him, and he never responded when I texted how important it is. He literally asked me for my email in text when it was just above my previous text. Then called. After having none of my information ready and calling me 20 minutes late to ask me about "allegations," my wife was making, "saying 'about me not wanting to work with you,'." I couldn't take it and walked away from the phone, because of uncontrollable crying at his actions, he went straight to professional mode, trying to ensure that he was not responsible for anything, and suggestions it's my fault, and essentially feeling out and trying to ensure he was doing all he could to refuse assistance, and to make sure we weren't considering legal recourse. He closed out the call with my wife with the suggestion, "that I no longer should work with him, but for 30 days I can call him and get assistance at anytime if needed." He has previously actually demanded I text him at certain times, then completely forgot about me and never replied. His voicemail is full. He won't give me an email address. He won't answer his phone when I do call. This is not a "3 o'clock in the morning," panic phone calls. These are 2:30pm , "Hi doctor, I want to give you additional pertinent information, and ensure you haven't forgotten about our appointment," calls and texts. 

I've tried. And I'll try again with someone else. But it hurts so much. No one, even people I pay, will listen. He never even acknowledged that I said I had additional medical information for him, sarcastically asking me, "What. Did you take these tests last night?" To which I had to mention I had them for our previous appointment we had, but had gone through the effort to get them from my other medical professionals in digital form, to make it easier for him. 

He claimed in our state, whenever patient doctor relationships end, there has to be documentation of why. He stated that it would be that I was unwilling to work with him. It was readily apparent that this "appointment," turned phone call was for his benefit and person concern for himself, even at the expense of my feelings and health. Sorry, if this doesn't make sense. I've gotten about 6 hours of sleep in the last 72 hours. I literally was tested, and got LITERALLY zero REM sleep during a study, through the entire night. This has been going in for months. I'm seeing shadow people, shaking uncontrollably, vomiting, and dizzy. Super dizzy. I don't know what to do.

I've worked with a lot of doctors successfully in the past. I'm not new to this game. He was insultingly unabashed in his desire to place all blame on me during the session, and when I couldn't anymore stay on the call and dropped the phone crying and sobbing, he took to continuing telling my wife how he was not responsible, and feeling out if litigation was something we were considering.

He has me on medical leave from my work. A new psychiatrist will not give me a note of "clear to return," because he started the leave, and they don't want to be in that situation. I do not feel well enough to reach back out, and get this needed note. I will be attacked. He knows that without an additional note, I will be let go from my job, and not allowed to return. He was not concerned with this. I've already started reaching out to other doctors when I saw his genuine lack of concern for my health and well being. So I've got a direction. But with all the medical needs in the world right now, this has set my hopes and relief back several months. I need a new CPAP. I am not a priority at the moment, and understand this. But this all could have been resolved before COVID happened.



I'm tired.

So very, very tired.