Don't know how much longer I can take this [Long Post]First a little history;

I was born to a drug addict father and a college drop-out mother.
They seperated when I was three; he is in prison and I have never
met him.
At twelve I realised that I am gay, and, with that, came a great depression.
I've self-diagnosed myself as being highly likely to have avoidant and codependency personality disorders.

Despite recieving numerous tutors from the schools, I never could
understand mathematics. Despite having one last year, and a class
devoted only to helping you with math, I still failed the class. Even
now, being in a year-long class, I barely understand the concepts.
The ones I do understand, I forget once we move on to the next. Not
exactly good for state testings.

Every day I am reminded that I am poor, talentless, ugly and stupid.
Every time I turn on the TV or browse the net I can only see people
who will be remembered, people who did something with their lives,
people who have reasons to live, while I have none.

Every day I am reminded that I am socially awkward, that people do
not wish to talk with me or have anything to do with me. Even online
I am reminded of this [come on, you all know someone who hates
furries, for one reason or another]. I am reminded that because I am gay, even if I were to find someone, I would never be able to marry.

All this got worse last semester when I ended up failing my German
class. You might think it not a big deal, but for it was a massive deal.
I wanted to learn the language badly to help me attain one of my largest dreams: moving to Europe. I studied hard every night, studied in the halls and between class. Yet my hard work was fruitless, I failed and had to force myself to drop it at the end of the quarter to try and keep my GPA. It was one of the hardest things for to do, deciding to give that up.

Now that I've lost that, I feel my life has absolutely no meaning to it.
Now I know I will never live in Germany, Canda, Norway or England,
for I am too stupid and too poor. 

I know I will never go to college and become a history/theology teacher or become a doctor. I know I will never leave poverty and always will be poor. I know that ,despite trying hard, that I will always be chubby and weak. I know that my efforts are futile.

When the blizzard came on Saturday here in CO, all I wanted to do
was to strip and freeze to death in the snow. Every day my mind tells
me to off myself. Every time I shower all I can do is slump down into
a ball in the tub and sob quietly, hoping my homophobic mother
won't hear.

What I am getting at is that I need help. I do not know what to do anymore; I feel it useless to exist when I am uneeded, when I know that I will never attain any dream I have. I may be sixteen and have a long ways to go, but this is too much for me.

There is more to say, but I have a headache, have forgotten what else I wanted to say, and can see that this is already a long post.