I feel like I'm getting worse every day (long post)...Three months ago, I was a normal college student and now I'm a broken shell of who I once was. I was doing fine until I started having trouble in my English class which wasn't good since I was an English major. Eventually my grade got so bad that it brought everything else out of my head and one night at 12:30 AM, I walked from my dorm room to the nearest ER and checked myself in because I was suicidal. From there, I spent the next six days in a local mental hospital and after a brief release, went back for another 3 before staying out ever sense.

After my release and bipolar diagnosis, I dropped out of school and began wading through a series of appointments, medication changes, an impulsive moment where I ran away from home on a greyhound bus and meetings with social groups because of my autism diagnosis from back in school. All that has happened is that my sense of purpose has been eliminated, and any hope of going back to my previous life is gone.

My life has changed so much that I'll never completely recover. Since I dropped out of college and my bad grade was in the same subject I was majoring in, then clearly I'm not meant to be a college graduate. Because of my lack of a degree, the only chance I have of any life above the poverty line is if I can get into my state's vocational rehabilitation program. Even that won't get me too far. The involuntary hospitalization will stay on my record forever and I'll always have these issues to deal with.

The point I'm trying to make is that any hope of a normal life is fading fast and at best I'll be a menial worker struggling to live over the poverty line while struggling with my internal problems. At worst, I'll end up as a shut-in/welfare leech like Christian Weston Chandler where my entire existence is to fail at everything I try and make an ass of myself while doing it. I'm even starting to look like him since my medicine slows my metabolism and I gained 10 pounds in a month. I'm not suicidal yet but offing myself seems like a superior alternative.

EDIT: I misjudged the length. Sorry about that because I don't know how to fix it.