I am a rapist. Rapists deserve death.&gt;27 yr old

Been dating girlfriend for 3 years. She started risperdal and lost her sex drive january this year. We haven't had sex since then. At first i was a little emotionally hurt, then sad, then i realized i was an asshole and bottled all that up and tried not to let any of it out because "i want sex"  isn't a feeling that you should share with someone who doesn't want it. So i never initiated or asked or anything. No one ever owes anyone sex.

I never complained or sulked or pouted... I don't think. But my girlfriend noticed my depression. Noticed my not wanting to cook, or go out, or go to parties, or be as social as when we first started dating. ....So i guess i was sad. and pouty. and sulking. and didn't even notice i was doing it. But she noticed. 

So two days ago she asked me to do a dance for her... just dance sexy and strip while she was sitting down... at first i wasn't into it, but then i warmed up and danced for her a bit and then we ended up having sex. I was really happy because it was the first time we had sex in ...12 months. And she initiated! 

She informed me last night that she's asexual, and she wasn't into the strip tease or sex at all, she just did it to make me happy and keep me from leaving. She said this with a smile on her face, like she was proud of making a sacrifice for me. I didn't even know she was asexual. 

I didn't even notice she wasn't into it at the time. I thought she was enthusiastic and having a good time. I am too much of a monster to even see what I'm doing.

Seeing her say she wasn't excited at all but just did it to keep me from leaving.... I've turned into my father. Just like everyone always says abuse is a cycle, I turned into my father. I'm just as bad as he is. I'm a horrible filthy fucking rapist. 

My father honestly believes he didn't do anything wrong, but I'm not going to be as awful a person as he is. Every time I doubt my course, I look at my father and how proudly he insists he's not a rapist molester. At least right now i have the clear vision to see what I am. And while my vision is still clear, i'm going to end it. Maybe my family will be proud to see me become more than my father ever was. 

I take out my sadness on everyone around me when i don't get the sex i feel entitled to. I don't even realize it. I raped my girlfriend while she had zero enjoyment. I didn't even realize it. How can I ever trust my own judgment or conclusions again? I'm a stupid blind monster.