I need to go to a fucking hospital but I don't know howI'm a sophomore in college. I've stopped eating, I've stopped sleeping, I'm isolated from my friends save for my boyfriend. I dedicate all my time to classwork, homework and working at my job. It's all I can think about, and even then, I get so overwhelmed I can't think about anything at all. Details:

Straight A psych student, 3.79 gpa, need at 3.80 to get into the honors program to be able to better get my PhD in grad school
FtM with unsupportive parents who think that I will never get a job or money if I transition 
About 5 hours of sleep every night if I'm lucky
Incompetent personal finance professor who is going to eradicate my GPA
No time to actually do homework because of 4 classes, family therapy, research study I'm part of (researcher), organizations I'm exec for, and my actual job.

I can't talk to my bf about this because he's severely paranoid about this sort of thing happening and has threatened me with hospitalization before. Thing is, I want to be hospitalized, I want to get help, I don't want to die, but if I do go to the hospital I'm going to miss school and work so my life would be even worse and fucked up. If I don't get my PHD I'm not going to even begin to make it as a child psych, and if everything gets fucked up for me now there's really no point in living anyway. 
Pros of hospital:
Might make me able to deal with shit way better
Needed time off to recouperate
Make me not want to die
Cons of hospital:
Missed classes/credits will lower my gpa and make me fail (I've seen other people have to retake years because they were out on hospital leave)
Won't be able to get into honors, lowers chances of getting into grad school
Will miss work, may get fired
Isolated from my bf who's currently about to go into hip surgery
Will be on my record (who wants a psychologist who's been on suicide watch???)
Pros of dying:
Don't have to worry about future, everything is fine, everything stops forever
Cons of dying:
My poor bf who's relying on me

Does anyone know a fucking way that I can get help without it hurting me in the long run? I've had to severely cut off one on one therapy to make more room for classes and studying. I don't know what to do