just need to ventas long as i can remember i’ve been the butt of my friends’ jokes. i’ve had a few relationships in the past but two of them were online and i get made fun of for it (even though both of them were a long time ago). i feel like a nuisance to everyone i’m around. i’m a freshman in college and i always stay in my dorm doing my work or sleeping or watching Netflix because i dont want to see anyone, and i dont even have to be there because all my classes are online. i’ve thought about going home but my parents would probably just get mad since they’re paying for my dorm and all that. being home with them would also be worse since they always make things worse for me by yelling at me, not understanding me, and constantly reminding me of their expectations. they want me to get a Christian wife (I am not religious, i am an existential nihilist) so they can have grandkids and a bigger family. and for what? my parents are the reason i believe family isn’t worth shit unless there is a mutual level of respect and a bond to be shared. my parents have never given a shit about my mental health, never tried to help me outside of “pray to God he’ll make things better” and all that cliché bullshit. i feel like my relationship with my dad is extremely superficial because there isn’t much outside of working on each others’ cars, and he’s hard to bond with because he gets angry very easily and we seem to disagree about a lot of things, and oftentimes i find myself resenting him. i don’t even feel like an adult because i struggle with meeting new people and talking to them, i’m always awkward because i cant think of anything to say and i don’t know about hardly anything relevant so that i can relate with people. even some people i do know i cant have a conversation with because i dont know anything about them and i don’t really know how people connect and get to know each other.

i’ve got a lot more baggage that’s just not coming to mind but all of this has left me sad and truly alone. i always find myself wanting to smoke weed or drink just to relieve the stress, but i cant even get any of that because it’s expensive and i’m not 21 yet. i used to be extremely suicidal a long time ago but i have sense grown out of it and have looked to other things that would slowly kill me like smoking and vaping. i don’t see any real value in living and i don’t see myself being successful in my major. i feel like i’m just going through the motions of life at this point. 

sorry that there’s no real cohesive format here i’m just trying to gather my thoughts together but thanks for reading