i don't know what it feels like to be happyi feel dumb posting here but it's not a lot of options i have. i have wanted to kill myself since i was like 6 years old &amp; i'm not even exaggerating. for some background i'm 17, in college, live with my parents, and have 2 sisters that go to college out of state. i have been depressed as long as i can remember, in middle school i was cutting myself and crying all the time but for a year or two now i just don't care about anything and am just numb. drinking helps with that. maybe not a good habit but god does it feel better in the moment. as happy as i am to not feel sad, i can't feel anything else either. i started therapy but i just feel so dumb telling someone about my problems, it doesn't do anything for me. i've tried to kill myself a couple times but i was too afraid and felt too guilty to fully commit to the pills/the liquor so i ended up just having a bad couple days. on paper my life isn't even that bad, but i've had to deal with emotional neglect/borderline abuse from my family as much as they'll deny that. 

since i was young i've felt like no one liked me, i always felt like an outsider that was invited in for a little, then cast back out when they were either bored or tired of me. my sisters used to make me feel so bad about myself and would always say things about how skinny i was and how annoying and whiny. my parents used to yell and hit me and make me feel worthless. they're aware of the issues i have and still call me lazy and disrespectful and whiny. i pushed myself away from everyone, and since middle school i've been bouncing between friend groups, never quite fitting in, but fitting in well enough until i was pushed away. everyone seems to hate me and i don't know what i do to them. 

in high school i got straight a's until senior year where grades plummeted and i got b's and c's and d's. however, my gpa was still good and my sat was good. i desperately wanted to move 2000 miles from home; i always seem to get along better with my family the less time i'm with them. but i got $0 in scholarships (i hardly qualified for any, the ones i did didn't want me, but maybe i didn't look hard enough because it didn't seem to matter) and now i'm stuck living at home, going to a college where i see so many people that hate me from high school. i hate it. i do. 

nothing i ever do is good enough for anyone. no matter who it is. i just want to be happy but i don't even know what that's like. i just feel so isolated. i want to matter to someone. and i can't stop thinking every day about how much easier it'd be to die. i never even made plans for my future because i never thought i'd be alive this long. and still, i don't really want to be. i have nothing to offer, everyone has made that crystal clear. what is it like to be happy? how can i achieve that??? what's the purpose of waking up every day just to survive? i just don't have the energy to do any more than that. i can barely get through the day. 

(i might delete this later lmao)