Struggling with no one to talk too - RantI'm really struggling right now... I come here when I'm low to know I'm not the only one feeling this way, which helps. I just need to right what's zooming around my mind rn.
I recently got diagnosed as BPD after a breakdown before Christmas. I say recently but that's 6 months ago and I have just been stuck. 2019 has just been me waking up and surviving. It's so hard to motivate yourself, i go to work and shake the whole day because I'm so anxious. 
My best friend of 3 years saved my life in December. She came running to where I work and just talked to me for hours about everything. She told me through tears she couldnt live without me, how if I killed myself she wouldnt know how to go on. It was so reassuring to know someone, even if just one person, cared that much for me..... she has just decided she wants no more to do with me. 
Every night since then I have dreamt about the argument that caused it, relived it and re ran it in my head willing it to change. Like a game where I can reload a checkpoint, only I cant. It doesnt feel real that I've lost her, because I attach so easy she meant the world to me. I feel utterly alone, my birthday is next Monday and I now have no one to spend it with. 

I think the scariest thing for me is I'm so suicidal right now, but my external appearance I'm acting like the old happy me. That scares me because I'm not in control of it, people are seeing me as feeling better but actually I'm the worst I've ever been. The self harm and punching things isnt enough anymore and I'm scared.
My mum told me she would kill herself if I did, she would feel she had a failed me. That fills me with such guilt... because she is the only thing stopping me.
I dont know how to live without my bestie. I'm scared I keep replaying memories, replaying gigs we had been to, the happy moments, and then how she changed since being with her new boyfriend. I'm so angry, and so sad at the same time.
I'm just tired, so fucking tired. I just wish I could go back and change everything. I wish I could rewind it all but I cant. I'm lost and I've shutdown. I just dont know anymore.
I keep praying, keep hoping she will come back. The worst part is in my dreams I have tried to kill myself and left a note about not being able to live without her, but I did it to hurt her. So she could see what shes done to me. And that's not me, I'm not that person. Shes getting other friends involved to pick up stuff of mine I'd left and that pisses me off.
I just want all the hurt and pain to stop, because I just cant keep fighting every day. Rant over.