I can't take being so unstable anymoreI've had mental health problems my entire life. Always very emotionally unstable, angry, turned everything inwards. Even as a little kid. (20 now.) Two years ago I was diagnosed with depression and it helped for a while.

But for the past month I've been having total whiplash from being fine one moment, suicidally depressed the next, white hot rage the next, scared and vulnerable the next, etc. I was like this is a kid and was a little bit like it as a teenager and honestly, I always have been to some degree, I just didn't know it. I've barely had human contact. I go back to college soon where I have friends and a purpose but it's so so hard to see myself getting there now. I feel close to snapping. I'm angrier and angrier more and more often. I spend money on stupid things because it gives me a brief rush of happiness. I snap and explode on social media and the internet and then I delete it before anyone can see it because god forbid I make someone worry about me and I feel guilty. Even now, I feel guilty for burdening you good people.

The longest conversations I've had in the past month or more have been with online suicide/crisis chats.

I feel guilty for daring to believe that I might have something else in addition to depression because it feels like an insult to everyone.

I know that things are going to get better but I'm too unstable to keep them that way. Having a period of actual, real happiness will only make me that much more destroyed when I read some asshole comment on Reddit and then let that stupid shit burrow into me and make me angry and break things.

I self-harm, not cutting, but I scratch myself and on occasion hit myself in the head.

I don't eat, really. I've been having unbearable insomnia and the fact that I can't sleep only makes me sad and angry at myself and only makes everything worse because I can't sleep when I'm like this.

I have a therapist but don't have access to him over the summer because he's through my school. I'm just so sick of being on this imbalance of not knowing what's wrong with me, not knowing how to help myself, not knowing whether or not I'll be a good or bad person at any given minute, not knowing how to deal with my emotions in ways other than hurting myself. Sometimes I just want to run into the fucking woods.

Even more recently, sometimes I become incredibly terrified to leave my bedroom for no reason.

It just all hurts so fucking badly and I'm so afraid that I can't do it anymore. Suicide feels inevitable, maybe not in the near future but someday, ten years from now, twenty, I feel like it's going to happen.

There's some part of me that doesn't want help. Henry Rollins quote: "I'll never forget how the depression felt good and bad at the same time. Still does."

Another thing. I feel like my empathy is frying out. I'm so screwed up and in constant pain that when other people have problems my first instinct is to be *annoyed* at them, and how fucked up and selfish is that of me? I'm becoming a hypocrite. I feel like the version of me that's a good person who has any worth at all was there once, but is slowly just eroding away more and more every day. I'm getting worse and I just don't know what to do.

Even now, I feel bad for posting because I'm not in any immediate danger. Over the course of writing this, I've shifted from angry to vulnerable/scared and back and then forth. Right now I'm just sad.

Sorry.

(PS: I just had another minor emotional breakdown over screwing up the submit captcha a few times. That's how bad this is.)