Mixed feelings...Okay, it's my first time writing on a support page. I'm not sure if this is right place to let whatever I'm feeling out and understand with what I'm feeling, but at the moment I feel like I can't go to my regular support group which are my best friends.

 for a while I've been having suicidal feelings but fortunate enough i never completely pulled it off...everytime I would have these intense emotions to where I would want to suicide, I'm diverted in doing so  by something else that's happening around me, which would take my focus off my me committing suicide, for example my bestfriend getting type 1 diabetes, my mom  finding she had breast cancer  or finding out someone close passing away etc . I can't seem to focus, I feel like a zombie trying to push through day to day activites such as certain errands, going to class or even work. Certain days I just don't want to get up from my bed, due to feeling intense negative self-demeaning emotions. I've cut myself before to get rid of these intense feelings...however haven't touched that option for a long time.

 fast foward to the last couple day...Im feeling the way im feeling as i mentioned before , i was really contemplating on carrying out my suicidal thoughts, and was finding ways to do. Feeling this way I wanted to see one of my bestfriend before going through with it...then her sister (who is another bestfriend of mine) called telling  us  our mutual friend found out she had a tumor in her kidney and not sure if it was cancerous or not. I don't know how to feel about it. As selfish as this sounds, and as ashamed I feel for admitting this I was wishing it was me instead of her, everything I feel this way , someone else happens to be going through a worse ordeal than i am , ans i feel like my suicidal thoughts dont merit to anything. I don't know if it's envy, jealousy or anger or what it is that I feel when I found out about this.....I would love perspective on this...

Sorry for the long post and if my thoughts are all over the place. I'm just trying to figure this out and didn't really know where to go, or who to turn to. Because although I do feel like I want to erase myself from this world. A part of me somewhat wants to fight it.

Thank you guys for your insight.