To my future child... or my future self...\(I plan on posting this to Facebook, as always. Wish me luck with me and my anxiety!\)

\-\-\-

I am so thankful for all of the support and love I have been surrounded by. Thanks so  much for everything, everybody. Thank\-you for being a part of my life and for being there through good times and bad.

To try be linear and sum everything up, I am going to write this as if this will be given to to my future child... future self... or a stranger in need. 

In case you haven't heard, in early March, I admitted to feeling suicidal. So many intriguing feelings, questions, and lessons have come up in doing so.

I know that some people might be weary of Louis C.K. because of his scandal, but I bring him up because it's true. At least for me, I have never really openly admitted to feeling suicidal especially all over social media because I was afraid that I would be thrown in the loony bin, just like in the movies. I had a fear of being forever seen as a weak and useless contribution to society in doing so.

Thankfully, a friend told me that they brought them\-self into the hospital and admitted how they were feeling suicidal. They explained how if anything, they might keep you for a few days depending on your level of needs. So I brought myself in.

The worker look exhausted. She had such dark bags under her eyes. She was pale, almost green. She was a brunette with dark stringy split ends. She simply stared at me as I told her my story. The more I spoke and the more emotions that poured out of me, the more I wanted to hold back, and I also felt numb to what I was uttering; this has become somewhat normal for me after having repeated my story over and over and over again. 

It seemed as though everything I said to her had no effect on her. Nothing phased her. She just kept staring and felt cold. I worried that yet again, I shared my story to find that this was another clash in personalities with another professional... I paused... and waited. Waited for a reaction... A mumble... Anything.

She finally spoke!

"Most times when people come in here, they say that they are feeling suicidal because their partner broke up with them... but what you went through... I could not begin to imagine what it is like to be in your shoes!"

I finally felt validated. It hit me to realize that this is not normal for a person, a couple, a family, and a nation to endure. This is how I discovered that I am  entitled to 72\+ hours of free trauma counselling for relatives of those who went to Residential School. I have to be able to prove it. 

\(Just so you know, have your relative's first name, last name, status card number, the name of the Residential School they attended, and the dates of when they attended. The government has destroyed a lot of the records. I fully believe that oral history and witnesses  

should be used on our part instead of just one ruling system dictating how it wants to determine an outcome that is set up to win in the Gov favour. 

\-\-\-

k

I got to stop

tah for now