I've been thinking about suicide for some months now but with the right help I can make it.I don't know if I can keep going. My life story is riddled with mistakes I've made. I believe a lot of them occurred out of necessity while some out of immaturity and stupidity. As it stands now I'm unemployed, eat 2 meals a day if I'm lucky depending on what I can beg or borrow and have a house for the next 2 weeks. My family think I'm a loser and they keep reminding me of how much it worries them that I'm in this position. It seems so selfish... don't they know I don't want to be in this position? If they're being hurt what do they think it's doing to me?

Even if I can get a job, I probably won't get paid in time to make rent. I'm in a lot of debt. I used to earn good money and when it all came crashing down I couldn't make payments. The only thing that will get me out these problems and trouble is money. I've sold everything I can, including gifts which broke my heart and made me feel like a terrible person. I've borrowed money from friends to keep me going until now but I can't anymore. I feel like I'll just break down at any moment.

I know it will hurt some people if I kill myself but I don't see anyway to get out of this trouble without at least a couple thousand dollars to get me back on my feet and keep me going until I'm working. I've applied for jobs in my field, junior roles, labouring work, call centres and anything else and I'm getting no where. I have no transport. I don't even have credit on my phone to make calls about jobs.

I don't want to die, but I don't want to starve to death or feel so depressed about my life anymore. I know I'm capable of really great things but I feel like I never get the chance to show it. I just want it to stop.

I'm a regular redditor who is happy to reveal my usual account name for any verification purposes if you PM me.

**Thanks so much for the replies, questions, hope and private messages**

I've posted in r/AskReddit, r/Linux and r/Melbourne under this username looking for work as suggested.