Been struggling for years, homeless on and off. Running out of steam.Things used to be ok. Had a decent job, was generally happy. All until I met a girl andwe decided to run away together. Left our jobs to leave the state and head halfway across the country to be with her father, wanting to make her happy, I agreed. 

Things didn't work out there, and we headed back to FL. Neither her or my family would help, so we lived in my car and I did what I could to support two adults with a college student's income. Times were tough, but I was glad to have someone with me. Things start to look up when she starts school, two sets of pell grants and loans were nice... For two semesters, her financial aid was cut after she couldn't pass a single class. 

We are back in the car again, and I struggle to make sure we can eat while she complains about everything. Demands cigarettes when I hardly have enough for gas and canned pasta. I push on, she lands a job, and thing start looking up. She gets fired, and we lose the apartment we had gotten not two months prior. 

Then we decided to room with a friend. He covers rent, I get utilities, she does very little. She gets depressed and I do all I can for her. Take her out with what little I have, show her as nice a tome as I can, she even talk of marriage. 

Now I find she is chatting with and apparently going out with other guys. I couldn't care less about the relationship, it is over and all I want from her is to never contact me again. However, I find that the stress of the last few years is cumulative, I can't stand school anymore, and have trouble sleeping, even though I'm exhausted. 

I don't know that I can go another semester, it takes all I have to force myself to go to work. Can't even enjoy things I normally love to do.   

Tl;dr Been taking care of gf for years on a student's income. Barely scraped by, and now that gf is apparently cheating I find I don't care about her, but the added stress is that final straw. 

Update: The now ex gf has left with what I suppose is her new boyfriend. Took the day off to make sure she didn't take anything of mine. Still has a few things left to pick up, so I'll see her at least once more before it is finally over. The time off feels relatively nice, but the stress is still mounting. What do people do to cope with this kind of constant, crushing stress?