Probably this week or nextI can't imagine 60+ more years of this, not with such a rotten foundation. College finals grades are in, and for the past two weeks I've been too cowardly to look, because I know I'll find I failed the one class I couldn't, and it means I won't be able to return next semester. When that happens, I won't be able to stay on my insurance, and won't be able to afford life-saving medication.

I have a "job", but it's only general help and they hire in the summer. I'll be getting a notice of being fired either tomorrow or early next week. I have nowhere else to go after that falls through, regardless of how much I hate the work. I needed that money, and with that goes the last bit of tolerance for my family. Everything, my entire life course, rotated on these two things working out. There's simply no other path available, nothing I have any passion for or ability to see through. All my life I've scrapped by on minimal effort and lackluster output. I've never excelled at anything and have done nothing extra-curricular; I've always found ways to fail at the baselines.

With these things gone, I can't be around my family anymore. Any positivity could not counteract the shame, guilt, and blunt reality that I'm fucked. Good feelings don't pay off my student debts. Optimism can't be traded for medicine.

I'm sick of the pain. I'm sick of feeling like something damp and heavy is weighing down my mind. I'm sick of these pressing, burning sensation in my heart and the way my jaw goes numb anytime I think about even my immediate future. And I know it's my fault. I know I never put in even a fraction of the focus or effort everyone else is expected to. I know I regularly shirk responsibilities and work, and that I take advantage of other people's goodwill so I can slack off at the nearest opportunity. I know the amount of time and money I've wasted - not just mine, but so many other's. These twenty years were a failed test demo, and I'm shutting down a machine that just never worked the way it should have. Otherwise, there's a life of pain, shame, and failure ahead of me.

I can be ready to leave in about an hour, traffic willing. I think the hardest part would be to send that final message. But that's just a moment of pain compared to decades. I just hope this is the one thing I can't manage to fuck up.