i'm all out of hopesorry if this doesn't make much sense.  i'm sort of in the middle of a breakdown and i don't know what i'm going to do.

i'm depressed, like really depressed.  it comes and goes but it's been a steady downward path.  before i got depressed i was a promising student at a world famous university, now i'm no longer in school, unemployed (keep getting rejected) living with roommates at least one of whom hates me. i am running out of money and relying on my parents even though i'm an adult and i dont have a whole lot of food in my apt right now but i can't bring myself to do all the work of showering, putting on clean clothes, bundling up and walking to the store, shopping, carrying it all home, putting everything away, cooking something and then cleaning up directly afterwards (or else my roommate will get mad at me).  i dont have the money to keep ordering out.  it's also very cold in my apt, and i think that's really starting to drive me crazy.  i'm also struggling with my gender and sexuality and i really really hate it.  i hate being queer. that's not the only reason i'm depressed but its constantly getting worse and its just one more thing i don't need to be dealing with right now.

i'm trying. i've been trying.  i'm now on ssri #3 and at this point the only noticable effect is a shitton of memory loss.  i go to therapy. i've quit drinking.  i'm even on meds for hypothyroid and i had some hope they might help my mood as well.  but right now, looking back, it seems things are only steadily getting worse.

the bottom line, SW, is that i cannot live the rest of my life like this.  every day, i lose hope that it's going to go away because it seems to me like i'm doing everything i can.  when things first got bad it was somewhat easy for me to tell myself it wasnt going to last forever, but it's been years, guys, years, and it's only gotten worse and i'm no longer seeing the point.  i lived the best years of my life up to about age 18 and since then i might as well be dead.  i wanted to be this amazing fucking scientist, but now that doesn't even seem worth it.  even if i do somehow crawl out of this pit and become successful, i don't even care if i still have to feel like this.  i thought maybe there was something wrong with me and all my doctors would figure it out eventually but now i'm starting to think maybe i just cant handle being an adult and i'm doomed to either live like this for the rest of my life or take the chance that there's something better on the other side.

i dont know. i'm scared.  i dont want to die, but i'm getting to the point where i refuse to live this way much longer.  i can't do it and i wont.  can someone just... give me some hope that the rest of my life isnt going to be this way?  it's been so long and i'm out of hope. do you all have any you could spare?