Failed Attempt and a Life Story to Go AlongHello Reddit, this is my first post on here although under circumstances that aren't very pleasant I'm afraid. It is currently 3am as I type this message at my computer and about 2 hours prior I found myself walking down the stairs of my apartment and tying a belt around the rail and wrapping it around my neck. I let go and after a few seconds everything started to gradually blur until I had complete tunnel vision to the wall that was in front of me. The belt that I used was fairly low quality and snapped under my weight (about 150 pounds). I don't remember the feeling of hitting the ground but when I was able to process what happened I found myself gasping for air and trying to make sense of my surroundings (my vision was similar to that of an out of focus DSLR camera). Unfortunately, this was not the first time I've made an attempt on my own life.

The beginning of Freshman year seemed fairly nice, I had my friends from middle school going to the same school that I would be attending, my classes were all rather straight forward and simple, and the teachers that I was assigned to were all rather likable. As the years went on however, my happiness began to deteriorate. Friends that I have known for years either left or simply chose to not associate themselves with me anymore. I ended up finding myself with a group of "friends" that I didn't even feel like striking up conversation with. Many of these people came in the ladder years of my high-school "career" and I found them to be unlikable and vile people that only found interesting conversation in berating those that even chose to associate with them in the first place. 

After telling who I thought was the closest friend I had left in our little group that we should distance ourselves from these despicable individuals, he brushed it off and left me on my own. I didn't think that it was a big deal and told myself that I should focus on my classes more (as my grades also began dropping during this time period) so I went on my way and tried making new friends. 

Making new friends proved difficult however, due to convenient rumors beginning to surface that I was homosexual. This was not true but was understandably believable due to the fact that I am a pretty socially awkward guy and have a very difficult time convincing any girl to see me as more than a friend. So because of this I ended up hanging out with the dudes more often. Normally homosexuality is tolerated in today's society, but because of the mindsets of the popular individuals at this particular school, it was not. Once these rumors got to the point of common knowledge, hearing sexist slurs tossed my way would be me having an easy day. I found myself being jumped before and after school, having items stolen from me, and being isolated, as no one wanted to be known for hanging around "the skinny faggot". I will admit that I am not completely innocent in all of this either. I've seen my fair share of school fights and street brawls with these people. I was not letting myself be pushed around, and it even came to a point that I was in a knife fight with this same group of people. I always carried a 6 inch switchblade in my jeans simply because of the neighborhood that I lived in. I ended up losing the knife fight and was stabbed. I simply couldn't go get help from the authorities at this point even if I thought they would be useful.

The knife fight was the breaking point for me wanting to switch schools, so I convinced my mom that the teachers were simply terrible at their jobs and I needed to transfer. After switching to a much more mellow school I finished my Senior year with relative ease, although my grades were still damaged due to my lack of effort at the previous school. After graduation I felt empty I suppose. Everyone that I've met from high school for better or worse simply vanished. I realized that I had no true friends. Even friends outside of school gradually stopped talking with me and even when I tried striking up conversation they would act evasive, claiming that they were doing something important at the moment and would call me back later. Everyone that used that excuse never held up to their word. This sense of isolation is what I feel was a contributing factor for me to enter my mom's med cabinet and swallow what was left of her Vicodin prescription. It wasn't nearly enough to kill me and ended up making me sick enough to vomit the majority of it out anyway, but it was what I considered my first suicide attempt. Ever since my graduation in June of last year, I've become increasingly more jaded and disillusioned with both society and my own existence. I have a job but still much more free time than I used to in high school so I've used that free time to read facts on today's society, pick up and continue hobbies, and exercise. Even with this I'm still not happy, I don't find fulfillment in anything that I do, even if I previously enjoyed what I did. People always say I see the worst in every situation and I need to learn to be more positive. I reply with a lie saying that I'll work on it but in my mind I am appalled by blind optimism. My father was a drunk and constantly at odds with my mom. He was not abusive or anything terrible like that, but he was one thing: a complete failure of a father figure. When my mom finally decided that enough was enough and kicked him out, I was always optimistic that he'd come back a changed man and that we'd all be happy again. Of course I was afforded no such luxury.

Blind optimism leads to disappointment,
Disappointment leads to disillusion,
Disillusion leads to cynicism, 
And cynicism leads to suicide. 

Those were the words written on my note. 

As I type this concluding statement it is 4am. I'm tired and will probably not proofread this so please forgive any typos or grammatical mistakes that I've overlooked. If anybody has some words of wisdom they'd like to share, I welcome them.  


 