To whom it may concernHello everyone,

I don't know when I got to this stage.
I had suicidal thoughts a long time, but they were never serious. I would think of my family and how much it would hurt them finding their dead son in their own home, not to mention my grandparents, who always tell me how they "saw me grow up".
But lately I feel like I'm losing control. I just got a fever last night and that just ads to me feeling like shit. I feel really weak right now.



One reason on why I think I'm like this is how I think of myself. I don't like to put the blame on others so I always rethought a situation and made myself responsible, but this thought process kinda spiraled down.
I think of myself as replaceable, not as much worth as e.g. my friends. 
People come and go in life and I think that if I would leave somebodies path they could just forget me. That's why I can't really seem to understand how much I could probably hurt their feelings, if I would take my own life.



I have this really great friend, she is like the best person I know. Whenever I'm with her I feel happy and she inspires me to be a better person. I also have a huge crush on her^^. But like a lot of things it's starting to wither away. I seem to not care anymore. I wake up late (like 4pm today :( ), I don't eat as regular anymore and I should be studying for physics and math exams, which are happening in less than a week. I also haven't logged on to WhatsApp and haven't responded to my friends in like 4 days, I was thinking about opening up to the best friend of my crush but I don't want to ruin her mood, since Valentines Day is tomorrow. One friend asked me if I had started studying yet, but I haven't responded yet, partially due to shame. I didn't pay much attention this semester due to my fucked up sleep schedule and I probably just don't want to say: "No, I haven't studied yet. I'm a fuck up. I'm probably going to fail the exam. My parents work their asses of everyday from 9am till 9pm to bring my sorry ass into university just for me to fail. They rely on me once they can't work anymore and I'm just a fuck up. 
I'm not the man that I think I could be, I'm not the man, who my crush deserves. I could change it, but I'm just stuck in self-pitty and day dreams of how everything could be. I'm pathetic."



Suicide was never really a serious option, but I lay awake in my bed and feel this heavy weight on my chest. I just want it to stop. I just want to end it all and the thoughts and feelings of how my family would react are fading out.



Thank you dear reader for your time and reading through this horrible structured text. It's been a while, since I wrote an English text. I wish you a nice day.



Kind regards

F