Just want to put my thoughts out thereNot really expecting anyone to care or reply, nobody really ever did. I've read other people's posts and I thought I could feel better if I did it myself, too.
 Nobody around me can understand how I'm feeling and even though I'm not really alone (I do have family and a girlfriend) they would never understand how I feel, and if I were to tell them I would just hurt them or make them feel weird about me. I feel like I'm not even living my life now, as if I was some stranger trying to make things work for somebody else I don't know. I feel like I'm wearing a mask and I'm not allowed to show my real self to anyone otherwise I would just hurt them.
 I've been having these thoughts lately about hoping to die in some way or manner. Any would do, I'm just too much of a coward to do it myself.
I'm looking and thinking about a way to end my life in a way that would not interfere with the lives of everyone around me but I don't think there is.
I just want to disappear. I feel like I'm worthless and pathetic. I look myself in the mirror and I want to spit in the face that I'm looking at. 
It's 2am where I live and, as of now, it's almost a month where there's has not been a single day in which I haven't thought about killing myself or hoping to die.
I don't deserve life. There's people in the world who want to live or have normal lives but can't because of their medical condition. I'd like to disappear and give them the chance I had at life so I could finally do something good. But instead of volunteering or helping people in some way, here I am contemplating suicide and hoping for death to come. I deserve all the shit things that happened in my life and worse.
Now that I'm thinking about it, I seriously fucking hate myself and if you asked me why, I would not know how to answer that question. Not that it matters, of course, I would still hate myself.
 Today I've had a magnetic resonance to my brain because of some dysfunction with my hormones and doctors wanted to be sure I don't have a pituary gland tumor before giving me treatment.
I hope I do have it but I've read it's highly unlikely to die from it.
I'm 24 and I don't want to live anymore.
 I apologize to anyone who took time to read this ungrammatical piece of shit, english is not my first language.