i hate myself for living this long.the first time i was suicidal i was 7. i've attempted twice. the fact that i'm still alive feels so pathetic and embarrassing to me??? like damn can you do literally ANYTHING right???? you KNOW that rock bottom doesn't exist, it probably will get worse from here as it always has....come on now

i have hope still, i guess. it becomes less and less each day, and each day i take suicide a little less seriously, and care a little less about dying and how it'll impact others. but i'm still here.

recently decided to self medicate with weed, which might be unwise bc i get some ?psychotic? symptoms (getting psychological testing beforehand to see what's up w me) while sober but i'm literally just gonna kill myself otherwise so who cares? i'm apathetic about the idea of death, i just haven't overridden my instincts yet, or the idea that i won't always feel so awful, and there are a few things i look forward to and enjoy? it's just that life (sober) is so miserable that staying alive isn't a chill neutral thing it's like lightweight hell lmfao and the things i enjoy i can't even focus on lately because i feel so fucking awful 

sometimes though, i think i should not get high or drink or whatever because i know if i didn't i would just kill myself already? and i know that's the only way anything will truly stop. i'm torn between self-medicating w weed vs trying all the drugs i want to try &amp; then committing suicide. i hate that i still have any hope, i feel like every day i wake up is a failure because it's like i'm deluding myself into thinking things will get better even though they just seem to get worse, even though i've known for so long that i'm not cut out for life and should just kill myself.

i also just feel like i don't deserve to be alive lol like there are some things i like doing and so many things i want to do but i don't want to do them as myself. even when i think ab self-medicating it's more like "making my quality of life a little better while i do some fun stuff." i still know i'm going to before i hit 25.

 i'm thinking ab getting an insurance policy and self-medicating while i ride out the suicide clause but i kinda doubt any life insurance would accept me lol idk. i also hate the idea of spending more than the average funeral cost on my mental health care (or life in general tbh but we are past that) and i was hospitalized sOOO it's already close lmao love the thousands in hospital bills &lt;3

 tldr i should die and i'm thinking ab self-medicating with weed but more likely i'm gonna try the next drug on my list (coke) lolz. OR since i have no money and don't start working for like a week, i might jus die because i can't handle being sober for longer than 2 days without getting incredibly suicidal