It's not that I want to die. I just don't see any other option.I'm twenty-seven and have already lost all of my luster. I grew up poor, I was engaged to a man who sexually abused me, I've sought help time and time again, and in the end taking their advice. I got my degrees, I got out of my comfort zone, I pressed ahead and moved to a fresh, new start with a better job and I...

... I'm completely alone and my health is falling into shambles. My boyfriend broke up with me, and I don't blame him because I can't keep up with my old life. I'm gaining weight, my hair is already going gray, and the stress of my repeated hospital visits is too much for anyone. I'm finding it next to impossible to make friends and my family?

All I ever hear from them is disaster after disaster. Death after death. Questions about why I'm being so irresponsible and off-base advice for questions I never asked. My mom unintentionally makes me feel a whole lot of guilt for having any mental illness at all because, honestly, she says people will hate me. I'll lose my job if people find out. I...

I don't know. Does it matter? Nobody likes me anyway. The people who do associate with me still make that abundantly clear. I keep hearing about everything broken about me, everything I do wrong, what I need to work on. Is it so much just to have somebody say, "Good job, Amber," or just listen to me without telling me about *their* health problems and how *they* never got this bad because they did something about it and *fuck's sake, I'd do something about it if I hadn't lost my insurance and yoga isn't a magical panacea. Neither is juicing.*

I've already tried to hang myself once. I was tired of hurting and being alone. I failed. I woke up on my closet floor.

I was kept overnight at the hospital because I was a threat to myself, which is funny because also my heart started acting really fucked and they had to keep me longer.

And I... really just want to be okay. I used to love life and I used to get so much joy from the people and things around me. I used to be adventurous. I used to go out and hike and hunt for geodes and do things, and do art, and write like I was late for a deadline.

And now I feel like a husk of a person. There is nothing left except for pain and fear and exhaustion and wondering where I went wrong. I can't even look in the mirror because I don't even look like I did a few years ago, and I feel like there's nothing I can do about it.

And I'm so, so tired. I just want somebody--anybody--to make me believe that everything will be okay. I don't want to die, but I don't know if I can keep going like this.

And I'm so, so sorry if this is rambly. I keep trying to get my thoughts together and I can't. I don't even know how many times I've probably repeated myself. I'm going to immediately regret posting this. I'm sorry.