Advice NeededI would like some advice for the situation Im in as thinking about them can lead me to suicidal thoughts. Ill be keeping things anonymous refering to the people in my story as (A), (B) and (C). I would also like to say that I dont believe that I am superior to these people and am not here for sympathy or pity and only want advice benefitting everyone.

When I was young somewhere around the age of 6-10 (I cannot remember the specific age) I found (B) literally quaking as if terrified and crying. I cannot remember whether I knew what caused this at the time however I know I was very angry with (A). I later found years later that (A) had strangled (B) and allegedly spat on them.

When I was about 8 I was very badly constipated mostly because I was lazy and had to have invasive treatment which I felt ashamed about. During this time I also realized my own mortality and because depressed with my situation. I also needed supositories, (A) and (B) needed to give me these however they lied to me when inserting them because I was scared and didnt want them. Doing this was a betrayal to me and it still hurts me thinking about it.

When I was 10-11 I had alot of panic attacks and waa very anxious. I used to wet the bed alot. I specfically remember that one night Id wet the bed and (B) was very angry and ripped the sheets of the bed in anger. I felt horrible anyone who has wet the bed knows the feeling of shame and this made me feel disgusting and unwanted.

When I was somewhere around 12 I ran into (A) and (B)'s room frequently at night because I was a very nervous child and rarely could sleep alone. One night a left the room to sleep in my room and (B) stayed with me she shouted at me because they couldnt spend time with eachother. Even at that age I knew what (B) was meaning. Later that night b went to see a in my room and I heard them. I couldnt believe it tbh it felt wrong to me, I called (B) to come back and (B) shouted at me even the morning after (B) was angry. I believe this has impacted my sexual development and Id rather fix tbh.

At some point around this age I got into a argument with (A) and stupidly said "Ill kill you" in anger which I know was wrong. (A) decided to teach me a lesson by placing a knife to his chest and making me hold it (A) told me to "do it". Obviously I didnt but I resented (A) for this. 

When I was 13 I was being bullied and it made me feel weak at this same time (C) was going through alot of issues at school and in displaced anger swore at someone when they came to visit. Obviously thats wrong but (A) decided to grab (C) by the throat as a way of shutting them up.

When I was 14 it was a very tough time, (A) was very ill and hospitalised a few times and (B) also developed epilepsy which is horrific seeing a person you care about literally foaming from the mouth. I felt like there was no support network for me to talk this through and I became very resentful of my situation and I acted out in very bad ways. 

When I was 15 the previous issue continued but the situation finacially got worse and (A) and (B) would scream and shout at eachother nearly everyday. (A) also strangled (C) again in anger and said that (C) was evil for acting naughty. I felt terrible I thoughts raced through my head about stopping it but I was too weak to do anything. On both occasions when (A) did this (C) was a minor. 

(A) also walked out around this time after apparently pushing (B) about. (B) took me and (C) away and (A) called in anger to stop this from happening. (B) couldnt handle the phone converstation and passed it to me after trying to calm (A) down I was told to fuck off. I felt absolute rejection and the world felt like it was collapsing. We ended up all continuing to live together sometimes I would be scared the (A) might come into my room and hurt me as (A)'s behaviour was erratic. 

At 16 the problems continued and the arguments got worse which I felt was selfish as at this time I had exams.

There are many other problems that I dont wish to discuss however I would like to mention that (A) and (B) have done so much for me and I believe they are good people. I know I wasnt perfect as a child and I know Im no where near perfect as an adult and what Ive typed is only a small part of my issues. I just would like some advice about how to deal with these specific issues that happened in the past.