Really need a reason not to do itI've been fighting an uphill battle against what I can't see as anything other than hopeless circumstances and the despair is winning. I'm disabled. I've tried to reenter the work force 3 separate times over the course of the last 5 years and each time has ended in a disaster for my health. I get so sick and do so much damage to myself trying to work that I get to the point I just physically can't anymore. I'm applying for disability but even if I get it it will be well below the poverty line and not something I can sustainably live off of.

I've made it through these past 5 years because my at-the-time husband was picking up the slack as I tried to recover my health but he left me. I had to rush back into the workforce despite my health not having been recovered enough for that. I did it for much longer than I thought I could because I had to to survive but now the damage has been done and I find myself unable to work again with no one to help me survive as I try to recover. I don't have family or much in the way of friends, certainly not any that would be willing or able to provide for me while I can't do it for myself. I don't know what to do.

I don't see a way out of this. I'm not capable of supporting myself and I have no one I can rely on. I'm utilizing every resource available as far as assistance goes but there just isn't much. Housing assistance has a waiting list to get on the waiting list, both if which are estimated to be a year long so there is no reasonable expectation of help in that regard and I don't qualify for Medicaid because in my state you must be either pregnant, a single mom, receiving disability payments, or elderly to qualify so I have no insurance and my medical bills keep climbing. I'm buried under inescapable debt. I see no way out of these things.

I don't want to be homeless. I don't want to have to worry every day where my next few meals are coming from. I don't want to live in my busted car. But maybe even more than all that I just don't want to have no one anymore. I'm so alone. 

I have a plan and the means. I'm just hoping I can find a reason not to do it before everything becomes too much. Living under this constant stress of fear of basic survival needs not being met is destroying and semblance of sanity I had left. I've been strong for so long. Is it really so bad if for once in my life I'm just...not? Is it really so bad to call it quits when no one needs me?