UPDATE: I guess I'm not going to do it and here's why1. I want to thank each and every one of you who reached out Especially you, guy who kept sending me that clip from The Walking Dead; you were like this annoying little brother I never had. That's weird, 'cos for the most part I was feeling nothing. So you got me to feel something, which leads me to...

2. Some random dude at the gas station today who was buying a comic. He must've been in his late 20's, but he was excited like a 10 year old. Him and the clerk were talking about how he should preserve the comment and I made a joke to him, because his happiness for a comic was so infectious.

3. I finally turned on my phone and went out with a friend today. I only went because I had to and I thought to myself, "don't die being a person nobody could count on". Man, let me tell you, the look on her face about this last job interview was priceless and she tore them to shreds. This brings me to the last point...

4. My mom kept telling me when I got home how beautiful my friends are. I guess I never really thought they cared until she mentioned it. That perhaps her life won't be the only life affected if I take off. 

I know I will likely die a sudden death or a suicidal death, because I'm not the type to just suffer. I'm also not the type to act out rashly, which is why you guys saw me thinking everything out so much. The odds of a sudden death are slim to none, let's be real, and I think suicide is a very valid option for people who suffer too much. I think it's absolutely valid. 

I also think, for anyone here who is trying to weigh out the options, do not do it too quickly. I read some posts on here the night I first posted and people seemed to react too rashly. I don't know if they really were killing themselves or just acting like it for the sake of venting, but really weigh out what you're doing. Will I kill myself? I'd put money on it that I will. I guess it will just be later than sooner. 

Anyway, so my plan now is to try and get used to the fact that I no longer believe that I'm working at the behest of a "higher power". That is definitely a strong take away. See, I was raped repeatedly as a young girl by my dad and his bff. That turned into a slew of other problems growing up and I guess being unemployed for over a year and then getting rejected from one of my favorite products was just the last fucking straw. So yeah, my ability to believe that, if a God does exist, that he knows I exist is fucking gone.

After I get my mind kinda right, I'm gonna go back to applying for jobs. I'm really glad I told you guys my plans. My friends would've tried to stop me way before I had the time to think about it all, which I don't think would've given me the space I needed to figure it all out.

To those of you who kinda looked to me to not do it to prevent yourself from doing the same: here ya go! I get it now: I'm a role model, as you are, for all those who suffer losses and we shouldn't condone suicide as a method of coping, because who knows... one of us could invent the cure for cancer type thing. 

Thanks, everyone, again! I really mean it. I don't know you, but somewhere, I hope your big hearts grew a little bigger. Not like an enlarged heart status, but metaphorically. Whatever, you guys know what I mean.

love,

iwannadye