Please Somebody Help MeI am 25. I have a couple good friends and even a girlfriend yet I feel insanely alone all the time. I am not happy. I am not happy in my relationship, I havent been for awhile, we've talked and talked and she keeps asking me to give her a chance so I do because I cant bear to break her heart, she's treated me better than anyone else in my life ever has, paid more attention to me, actually makes an attempt to understand and empathise with me which is not something I had much of, or at all really, growing up in an abusive household and being bullied nonstop in school. So how could I bring myself to do this to the one person who ever gave me a fucking chance? Yet it's probably worse that I try to keep this all out sham of a fucking relationship together. Ohgod I even slept with a fucking escort. Judge me I know Im a supreme piece of shit shit shit and I wana throw my head through a cement wall every time I think about what a shithead move that was. I dont even know why I did it I was just.. Bored. Jesus christ if youre still reading this and havent jumped to the conclusion that I should just kill myself I'll continue. Ive been with this girl 5 fucking years now. Godammit. Shes so good and Im so garbage. I want out. I need to tell her what I did. What else. Over the past while I became very passionate about performing on stage, it became an outlet for me and I was doing alright for a bit. But the community was incredibly competitive and as a resuld could be toxic at times and I let a few assholes drive me out of a dream I had since I was a child. I could return. I could go back any time I want. But i just cant. Last time i had a chance to show up a guy who just fucking hated me, one of those people who just does not like you and he had been around longer and basically with his clout got his friends to hate me too, anywho I had a chance to show him and his asshole friends i wasnt so bad and I choked, i fucked up completely and never returned since and Ive felt a hole in my body every day, every day i tell myself "today I will go back and conquer this" but i never do... Been months now. And i feel a little smaller and my light fading every day.. Im in my mid 20s and I feel like im 80. I havent felt confident in months, you know those good days, when youre on.. I miss them. I miss myself. I cant talk to my family they expect me to bottle up these feelings, my mother and i never had a good relationship, my dad tells me I can talk to him but the times I was dumb enough to fall for this he just freaks the fuck out and tells me to "man up". My friends never ask me how Im doing. I love them, Im really dependent on them for self assurance really, ive never learned how to trust myself, was not something I was encouraged to do as a child since my mom called me stupid all the time.. And ive had significantly fewer friends, my phone buzzes a lot less since ive isolated myself over the past while. Im sorry if this post is rambling incoherent but ive never told anyone any of these things and dont even know where to begin. From being bullied they tell you it gets better but it just doesnt. Its bullshit. You hate your past because its materialised into the shitty present you see before you. You wish you could have someone elses childhood. A fulfilled one where friends came easy and mom was a mom. It all seems like a waste to be here now considering how much of a failure my formative years were and I can never get them back. There is no do over. That is why death is the answer. You can pinpoint those moments in your past that shaped you into the you that you are when confronted with a particular scenario and wished it just couldve been done differently. I HATE MYSELF. When i do terrible things like cheat on my girlfriend with a goddamn escort it doesnt seem so fucking bad in the time because i never consider myself important enough that my actions would eventually have meaningful conscequences to anyone. Not at all to say I am absolved of the horrific shit ive done. Im just trying to help to understand how I am naturally predisposed to view my world. I am not important. Ive never felt like ive really mattered to anyone except this poor girl whos heart Im going to break then subsequently die alone because Im absolutely too socially fucked to get along with anyone new that I meet. I dont even know where else to go with this.. Ive attempted suicide many times but failed, mostly drug OD attempts because Im too cowardly to do it any other way. Recently im thinking of overdosing on sleeping pills with a noose around my neck so I can just pass out and let the rest do the work. But ive not a ceiling high enough and I fear being found in a forest before the deed is done. I was also thinking of ODing with a bag on my head and suffocating, but I fear fight or flight will kick in and tear the bag off my head as I convulse wildly, so I considered finding someone to pay to secure my arms and legs so I cannot do this. Theres more but I feel Ive made enough of an ass of myself. I am a piece of shit and deserve to die.