Trying to make sense of the worldI've made a few posts to this subreddit before, and I've always followed in order to see if I could help someone like others have helped me. 
I've been caught up on my ex girlfriend for quite some time. We broke up back in December and I was already dealing with trauma from failed surgeries. It really took a toll on me, and I never thought she would leave me and not look back. Although, I know why she left me; I was dealing with heavy depression, anxiety, and PTSD but at the time, I didn't think I had any problems. It led to some ongoing problems, and then one day we had "the talk".
After that I went into complete break down mode for months. I was hospitalized for failed suicide attempt and   attended out-patient mental rehab. Eventually, I was able to come to grips with myself but I developed a drinking problem. 
I guess I'm writing this now because I just found out that my ex has been in a relationship with some guy for a while. I didn't know until one of my acquaintances mentioned to me (he was confused about a post he saw on Facebook that my ex was tagged in, so he wanted me to clarify). Once that happened, and I liked into it further, that's when I found out and am suddenly filled with the suicidal ideations that I had following our break up. 
I honestly still love this girl. She lit up my life and showed me how beautiful this world could be. And when I to think she's gone, even to this day, sickens me. I failed. I failed. I wish I could fix what happens, but who knows now. The thought of her with another man especially sickens me. I can't even understand how this is even happening. I start thinking about how she is holding his hand instead of mine. And this jealous monster takes over my body. I don't even have anyone in my life that, even if I liked, wouldn't be a viable option for romance. 
I probably sound like some egotistical and controlling jerk. I think I want to off myself tonight. I can't stand when people tell me to get over it. I can't get over the girl who changed my life. Yes. I'd rather die. Not in the melodramatic way; in the literal way. 
I think I write this out on the Internet because I feel so alone. And maybe writing this out over and over again will somehow bring her back to me. 
Thanks for reading