I have a problem and it hurts everyone close to me...Like what my title says, I have a problem. I'm very irresponsible and I create a Web of lies to cover my failures. I am a freshman in college, and this has been going on since Junior year of hs. I come from a South Asian family with very strict values. They want me to become a doctor, but I'm not good at science, so this always causes stress. My "compulsive" lying began when I fell in love with a white, Baptist girl Junior year of high school. I covered up my relationship for a year before I was discovered, and following this my parents lost all trust and hope in me. I fought through hell the next year to regain this trust and their pride for me. This is where the "I don't want to be a doctor, but pressure from the family is too much" comes in play. The start of this school year, my dad pushed me to take Chemistry, Biology, and Calc all in one semester. These were all courses I did terrible in hs. I lied about my grades throughout the semester, I didn't want to bring shame to my parents. The only "good" grade I received was in my philosophy class, the only non-science class I had. I failed Biology, received a D in Chemistry, and dropped Calc. I've been home for a week, and today, my dad discovered my grades. I could see his heart break. My mother is visiting her home for break, and when the news reaches her, her heart will break... My dad shut down everything, my plans for next semester taking courses I have interest in, such as Journalism and Government, and cut off funding to go to this school. I don't know what to do. I've betrayed them so many times, I've been crying and been in this limbo. I've always had suicide in the back of my head, always there, but never attractive enough. This is the first time... that I feel tempted. I am scared. My heart feels like it's vibrating constantly. I'm afraid. I can't see my future anymore. My heart breaks when I see my dad just sitting there asking himself what he did wrong with me... Why am I a curse to them? Why do I lie? I can't get this out of my head. I'm scared.