Grandma fell. I feel I should share this here. I'm sorry if this isn't the correct post for this subreddit. 

I feel like a disgusting selfish fuck for even talking about this, because my grandma fell and this should all be about her. But this unfortunate event left me thinking that suicide might not be the answer for me. 

I found my grandma this morning on the tile floor. Slowly we were able to get her onto her wheelchair, but she couldn't sit up and was slumped over. There was no way we could get her to the car. So, we called an ambulance. 

Last night I slipped into one of my dazes again. I thought about what death would do for me, I thought about how much I fucking hate myself, I thought about the peace I'd feel. It's almost like a sick fantasy for me. I stayed up all night thinking about killing myself. Reconsidering old suicide plans. Updating them. You know, the normal shit we all do.

I froze when I saw the ambulance drive up to my house. They did their whole routine, got the stretcher out and wheeled it in... If I kill myself, this is exactly what everyone else is going to see. Except with a cloth draped over me. The questions they'd be asking mom would be very different, and she'd probably be crying.

I don't even know if that's what they do for fresh suicide victims or if that's just in the movies, but it freaked me out. A lot. I almost got sick and started crying. 

This is the very first time I have ever felt so selfish for wanting to kill myself. I'm usually the first person to downvote or berate anything that even hints at suicide being selfish, but after today... I don't know. 

All this happened just a few mins ago. I don't know if I'll hold this mindset or if one of my daze episodes will convince me otherwise. But I'm not afraid to tell you that right now, I'm considering other alternatives to suicide. 

(Maybe some suggestions?)

(P.S: Since this happened only a few mins ago, I do not have the status of my grandmother. They paramedics think she dislocated her leg or possibly broke it. This woman is as tough as nails though, I'm confident she'll be fine.)