Worried I've lost it completely this timeRecovering addict here with a long history of use and about one year since I was coerced into inpatient rehab by my family. Could really use a friend to distract me and keep me grounded so please message me 

Relapsed a week ago on crystal meth which caused me to have a psychotic break. I'm thinking the dealer mixed up the crystal with PCP by accidet? Tl;Dr It is nuts

Here is what I recall... I was quite high and thought my music was talking to me, that the rapper I was listening to had traced my location in order to enslave me as a prostitute. I freaked out and drove into the country 200 miles from my house. I kept going until I was exhausted and pulled into a truck stop where a guy immediately approached me to buy cocaine who I turned down and then drove back home. That part still makes me laugh if it was real.. I must of looked like a total junkie. The whole time I thought I was being followed. Once I was home I apologised to my parents for acting so weird and drank a bottle of wine. I thought whoever was after me was outside of my door and it was much darker than before. I was convinced they were speaking to me via an earpiece. We were part of a dark futurama themed game show where people are pitted against eachother like PubG but in real life and he had kidnapped two of my best friends who he would kill if I did not participate. They also talked to me through the earpeice. He said I had to pay my ransom which I didn't know how much it was or what to do pay it. I couldn't find my license and keys and thought they had taken them. I cried to my Mom to help me find them and she said I didn't need to go anywhere. I was convinced she was in on it. Later in the day I sat outside and saw things that we're clearly not there. A 3d projection of south park, a concert in my neighbors yard, an isis like execution in another yard, birds talking to me calling me an idiot and eventually the rapper from earlier claiming to be DEA and actually raiding my house while blasting his own music lol. I thought I could communicate telepathically. I went inside after that worried about going to jail and went straight to sleep. This was about three days awake with no sleep. 

When I woke up the next day It wasn't like waking up from a dream, I thought most of that had definitely occurred. I was glad I was now safe from this living nightmare. I drove to the pharmacy bought some sour patch kids, a beer and some cough medicine and relaxed and listened to music which I still thought was talking to me. I watched a movie with my parents before I completely blacked out again. I remember them trying to comfort me while I came back to, I did not explain anything to them. I remember pacing around and begging them not to hurt me. They brought me water and I thought they had put drugs in it and that it tasted salty. 

When I woke back up again, yesterday, I felt so guilty and embarrassed from the lapse in sanity I decided to drink some more and took painkillers because I thought it would get me high without going crazy. I was right and I slept like a fuzzy rock after throwing up. I've now been avoiding them and playing video games. Their voices are giving me headaches between the walls though. Being stuck inside with only them in quarantine makes me want to cry.

I'm not sure if I'm going schizophrenic and this is an early warning, I never want to feel like this again. Nothing like this has ever happened to me. I've done rather large doses of psychedelics and am quite experienced. Luckily it seems like I am getting back to normal. If anyone can relate or has experienced something similar I want to hear from you 

I am normally a very quiet person when it comes to my problems and I fantasize about falling in love and moving forward with my problems. I am an escapist by nature I guess. Come save me I am worthless lol

I also have an even darker feeling now that everything is normal like I want to lose my mind again because I am so bored of everything being typical and being trapped here