whits endPeople don’t understand people with suicidal thoughts.

I’m tired of hearing that people want those who are suicidal to reach out to them. The reason people are successful at suicide is because they truly don’t care to tell people because they know people don’t *actually* care. Because they think that if they run to people for help, they are viewed as weak and attention seeking. The reason I haven’t reached out to anyone about my suicidal thoughts is because I feel like people will just think I’m attention seeking. That’s why people are successful at it. 

I’m having a mental break down because I am so fed up with my existence. I have image dysmorphia and hate photos being taken of me because I don’t think I look like my photos and I am annoyed when I see myself in photos because I am ugly. My chin is crooked from a motor accident from when I was little and it causes so much painful insecurity. I am overweight and there are some really evil people out there who love to tell me I am. My boyfriend and I have been together two years and we barely have one photo together because I hate photos taken of me. I don’t want to be like this.

I feel like a failure because I am 27, still renting an apartment, only one full year into my college education, and I still don’t know what I want to do with my life. I was getting overwhelmed with a project for class a few weeks ago and had a total nervous break down and I jotted down, “The only thing that has stopped me from taking my own life is because it would devastate my grandparents”. I am up here visiting them this week, and took apart a bird house to clean up with my grandfather. Building birdhouses has been our thing since forever. As I was cleaning out a house, he had written inside: “I love my rooster so much it hurts”. He has called me rooster since I was a child because I always wake up at the crack of dawn. Seeing his note made me cry on the inside, I love my grandfather just the same.  


My nana just tried handing me a donut and I refused, which led into this whole explanation of me trying so hard to discipline myself and asked her not to offer me the donut. I am explaining all of my pain and my thoughts to her a a few minutes ago and she is just not understanding - she is saying all the cookie cutter words like “Just stay positive / remind yourself of your blessings / look at all of the people with deformities and those fighting for their life”. And I am screaming inside, like, TRUST ME, I GET IT. I had cancer and fought for my life. I do have deformities in my appearance. Everyone who knows me knows how positive I am and how much I remind myself of my blessings. I broke down and explained how broken I feel inside and she got so pissy about it, saying “I don’t get why people are suicidal but freak out over a spider bite thinking they’re going to die, if you’re so fed up with life just starve yourself until you die”, because yesterday, I was freaking out I was bitten by a brown recluse, and now I am complaining about being overweight and wanting to die. I told her she just doesn’t get it and she became so defensive over her stance, without understanding where I am coming from. Telling me to seek counseling, but I think counseling is a load of horse shit, and I also don’t have the finances for it.  


Everyone has their chemical imbalances. I’m at my fucking whits end. I randomly just envision myself and want to end it all in a split second, but always think of how it will devastate my grandparents. I don’t care about anyone else being effected, but I know it would be too much for my grandparents to bare and that’s kind of the only reason I haven’t. That, and because of my religious beliefs. I don’t know, man. I’m at a real fucking low. I just want to take control over my life and my discipline and not be fat, and not have a stupid crooked face and pretty skin. I’ve had ongoing acne for 10+ years. It’s hard being a female and seeing all of these beautiful fucking girls with their perfect symmetrical face, nice skin and looking cute in anything they put on.   


Now I feel guilty for wasting the little time I came to visit my grandparents with complaining over my mentally unstable thoughts and breakdown. I didn’t even want to break down, the conversation just swayed that way. I want my grandparents to settle down into their retirement without having to stress over their kid’s drama (my aunts new divorce from a predator) and my mental instabilities. I try to keep all of my worries and responsibilities on my own plate, but when people are prying, pointing fingers and not understanding, I become a wreck.  


And today I am a wreck, all because I tried to take a photo of myself and realized how fat and ugly I am.