ruined everything. now theres no hopeToday i was supposed to go into school and take my ap tests, i couldnt sleep the whole night and had a shitty nightmare, then i had to go puke at 2am because i had so much anxiety, i hoped that my parents wouldnt find out so i could still force myself to go in, but when i woke up to go to school i couldnt even move since i was so tired and scared of going, i just kept lying there until my parents walked in and i told them that i was sick and couldnt go. they got mad at me since they spent over $100 just so i could take my exams and now they thought i was faking just to not go, they called me useless and a waste for not going which i already know that im a fucking waste of space. later my dad came in again and he said that i had never fucked up that badly, he said that i had to take the makeup day otherwise i would be useless and i could never go to college, but when i think of having to go to the makeup i cant even think of doing it because im so fucking scared of having to go take it, i know theres no way i can even go back to normal school after this because i can hardly even make myself get up for a normal day anymore since i hate life so much  
Last time that i had to take a standardized test it was the Psat, and i got yelled at by the teacher in front of everyone because i fucked it up so badly since i sat in the wrong spot at first, then when we were passing up the test at the end we had to do it in a certain order, and i even knew what the order was but i still put it in the wrong fucking spot because im useless and highly autistic. The teacher found out that it was me who made the alphabetical order wrong, so he pointed at me not saying anything for like 30 seconds with the whole class looking at me in shame, then finally started yelling at me saying i was worthless and he had to spend 20 extra minutes fixing the order of the books so that it wouldnt be wrong. afterwards, one of the popular kids came up to me, grabbed me and picked me up since im so short, and said nice going you fucking idiot then threw me down. Then when i finally got home i just cried the whole night, and didnt go to school the next day. Thats all the reason that i had too much anxiety for the ap test for me to even go to it just to get yelled at infront of everyone again because im so pathetic and cant even do the simplest tasks possible, not even mentioning how i would just get a failing grade and not even be able to get college credits for it. Even at home ive broken the dishwasher which cost hundreds of dollars, i drop things every day and im just so awkward at everything. Theres no way that i could ever get a real job without getting fired instantly

at this point theres no hope for my life, im short and hideous, havent had a friend for 3 years, my parents hate me and theyre going to chew me out again which i deserve of course since i cant do anything right at all and deserve to die which is why i decided that i have to kill myself because there truly is no escape for my life, and the hell i live through every day with constant anxiety over everything even if its the tiniest thing that you can think of. I come home every day feeling the same with no hope knowing that my classmates are all living perfect lives right now while i have to deal with my parents hating me for my shit grades and being a failure once again.  
If anyone at all reads this thank you, just know that if its not as bad as my life then there is atleast some possible hope, where as my life has no hope at all to get better, lastly sorry for the shitty grammar ive always never been able to write correctly including sentences.