Failing as a student. Caught up in too many liesRight now I should be writing for a group assignment. I, a socially anxious expert in underachieving, together with an individualist, and someone who I'd call an unimaginably ignorant idiot who shouldn't be in the humanities, but am too fond of. It's only supposed to be a revision of a paper that was due January, but we got a fail mark back then. The final paper was like three papers sewn together, with an introduction and conclusion for an entirily different one. So we have to rewrite it now, and 2500 words remain to be written by me. It's due Monday. Procrastination's a bitch. I can't seem to force myself into writing though, my head hurts when I try to focus myself on the assignment. Turns out this 'revision'-in-progress might turn out to be a worse disaster from a more general perspective. It's a lost cause.

It's not the first time that this happens, I failed 7 of my courses this year, 6 of which I'll have to retake next year, all but one because of written assignments. I just can't get myself to work when I'm at home. I always fall into a suicidal line of thought - because somehow my brain thinks death is more comfortable than working on a lost cause, at least until I finally decide to *bail the fuck out*. 

But that's the thing: I can't bail the fuck out on this thing. I promised that I would work on this, so they can at least graduate (if this paper is miraculously given a pass grade). They believe I'm hard at work, while I'm actually lurking SW and related subreddits. Also, if I bail out, I'll have to retake this course next year and will thus be forced into a group assignment with my new classmates. Sadly, the groups are mostly formed before the assignment is even gives, due to small friend groups. I would be alone and not dare to speak to the lecturer about it because of the extreme shame. It's like high school all over again. 

The third reason why I can't bail out, is because my parents will 'kill me' if I do. They already know that I'll have to retake some courses after opening up to them about my depression and social anxiety, but they don't know I pretty much failed the entire year. Then there's my grandmother, who doesn't know any of this and thinks I'm right on track.

The truth is that I'm here, caught in the middle between choosing to force myself into working and throwing away only one year, and bailing out of this paper, throwing away two years or even more if I ultimately decide to bail out on everything.

Sorry for the rambling. I'll just leave it here, since I'd probably end up deleting the entirity of this post if I even begin to revise or add things to it. I wouldn't be able to finish it.

Edit: Did I mention that I'm always ashamed if I post something? Even the anonymity of a throwaway doesn't seem to protect me from these feelings. 

Edit 2: Sent the lecturer an e-mail, explaining that I'm dropping out from this course. That didn't take long. Now my colleagues, no way back now.