Tell me your thoughtsSo I was reading through this reddit after googling some stuff about how I want to die.

Figured I’d post something to see what people think. 

I am a 20 year old, straight, white (hispanic but you really wouldn’t know it) male from an upper-middle, maybe upper class family. I am an only child. I’m an Eagle Scout, Vigil in the OA. I have no money troubles, good grades, will graduate college in the spring, and honestly I might be able to get away with living my entire life with relative comfort and work less than the usual 40 hr week.
I feel like I have no right to feel the way I do.

Most days I feel completely empty and numb. Nothing makes me happy. I’m not popular or cool and I have very few friends. The ones I do have do not have the capacity to be my support system. They rarely ever want to hang out with me when I ask, and never ask me to, and they don’t want to hear about my problems. My parents are ultra conservative, catholic, racist, abusive assholes from whom I can find no comfort. Some days I don’t just feel numb, but straight up suicidal. Today is one of those days. I have thought extensively about killing myself. How no one would care, not really anyway. Sure my parents would be sad, but I have cut ties with them and I feel nothing for them but disdain. My friends would care, all 3 of them, but only for a little, because I am not a significant part of any of their lives. And for all the random people that say they’d care, I honestly doubt it because you don’t know me and you have no attachment to me. It wouldn’t affect your life at all if I offed myself. I have no passions, no ambitions, no motivation, nothing that makes my life worth living. I am an atheist, so I don’t believe that I’ll get sent to hell or anything, just that I’ll stop existing and my body will go in a hole. I have been depressed for years, probably since before even high school, and it only has gotten worse with time. I spend almost all of my time in bed and am in constant pain because of several injuries that I have sustained over the years. I am supposed to get an mri so they can see some of what is wrong, but I can’t until I do physical therapy, which the doctor said probably won’t help and is just for insurance purposes. It has been months and I still don’t have the motivation to go. Last week I wanted to kill myself and when I realized I didn’t have the motivation to be proactive about it, I decided I’d kill myself by dehydration/starvation. This lasted for all of 24 or so hours until I caved and had some bread and water, which meant it would take longer and be more painful, so I caved and gave up. I don’t know what to do. I honestly hate myself and wish I didn’t exist. I can’t picture doing this for a few more days, let alone years.