Living in fear and dread.Im 15 years old. When I was 13, I was traumatized by a mental hospital stay. They made me take laxatives and a bunch of different antidepressants, the hospital was infested with dead bugs everywhere, they locked us away like animals and even if you came voluntarily, you were not allowed to leave voluntarily. The average stay at that hospital was 7 days according to the other patients. I was lucky and I got out in 5 days. I didn't fight back, I listened to everything they said, and I took whatever they gave me. But still, they said that I needed to be 'locked away.' They claimed that I tried to commit suicide and put it on my record. The hospital was poorly kept, the staff would sedate you whenever convenient, and one nurse stabbed me several times with a needle for a blood test in the middle of the night while I was having a severe panic attack. I lost all my rights when I was in that hospital, and I still don't feel like I have any rights. To say the least, it was scary.

Now its been 2 years. And everyday since I got out, I've gotten night terrors about this hospital and what they did to me and the other patients. One of my past therapists diagnosed me with PTSD. Which was surprising to me, because I thought that I was just being unreasonable. I'm extremely paranoid about going back to a mental hospital or even seeing anything that reminds me of a hospital, a doctor, or a needle. I'm usually either in extreme fear or I have no emotion. So it's one extreme or the other. I wish I was dead. I wish someone would just kill me already. I'm too scared to kill myself because I know that if I failed, I would be put in a mental hospital again. But still, I'm tempted to at times. I used to cut after half a year out of the mental hospital. But I eventually stopped after I started going to see a therapist. Then my therapist got a new job and left, then I got another new therapist and then they quit, and for the past 5 months, I haven't met a new therapist or gone to therapy. I'm really out of it. Especially because one of my doctors said that I needed to take a blood test soon around my birthday in June this year, and I've been having nightmares about that since then. Everything has gotten worse. I know people just keep telling me its just a needle and I know it doesn't hurt. But the fear I felt when I got my last blood test was at the hospital, and I was paralyzed in fear, my face turned completely white, i lost my hearing for a good 30 minutes, and I felt like I was choking to death. I thought I was going to die and I haven't been able to convince myself that I won't die.

So I dont know what to do now. My family is doing everything they can to help me cope with this and the nightmares and trying to find out a way to help me with the blood test situation. But nothing has helped so far. The people at my clinic don't care if I get a severe panic attack and lose my hearing temporarily again. They don't even want to try to help. Every night I get a panic attack because of this, and it's not fair. I wish I was dead. Anything would be helpful. Anything. Someone help.