Agressive SuicideOr Hostile Suicide

Or whatever it’s called...
I have a confession to make. The short version of it, it’s that I have suicida thoughts because of my break up. 
The longer version is : My bf told me he wants an open relationship, and I understood it is either this or we break up. I cannot live with neither of those. I « accepted » for now, to gain sometime, maybe hoping for a miracle. But I am suffering like hell, crying everyday, having nightmares. I am absolutely not interested in other man. He doesn’t know HOW bad I feel, I cannot tell him that because Then he would only feel pity and it would be another kind of agony, he would want me even less. Yes I know this is « abusive » of him or whatever. Also Clearly I have deeper issues if a break up makes me suicidal. 
But it is what it is. If we break up, I just know I cannot handle the pain. 
Now here is my darkest secret, which I wonder how many of you share :

At first the suicide thoughts were only a relief because, with suicide, this horrible pain ends.
I even felt sorry for him, thinking about how this will impact him. (He is NOT a horrible person. He  was crying when he told me how he felt because he knew at some level this would destroy me.. he just doesn’t love me/doesn’t love me in a monogamous way. He is worried about me, probably staying with me for pity although he says he still loves me. He is being sweet ... because he knows I am a mess. But there is NO negotiating the open relationship thing. He has no moral obligation of staying with me if he is unhappy - right??)

Now here comes the dark : Part of me still hates him... and wants him to suffer. And now my suicide seems to have 2 great reasons :

- My pain stoping 
- His pain and guilt beggining 

Yes I also know that he WILL move on, mauble quicly. He has lots of friends, a loving family, will probably get some therapy after this ... and will soon come to the conclusion that my suicide was NOT his fault. Also he has everything : good looking, funny, smart, rich, great at many (and extreme) sports. So many women will be right there waiting for him.

And still, here I am, with my pathetic attempt to impact him one more time. To make him cry at least one more time. To traumatize him, by jumping off our window (14th floor) so he can see my smashed out brains. I may leave a suicide note... or not. He will know it was because he stopped loving me.
(We still live together)

Will I actually do it? No idea, it’s 50/50.
If I do, I will make sure I jump when he is coming back from one of his dates. My fantasy is seeing him coming and jumping right in front of him, so He is the first to see me.

I wonder if other suicidal people have this kind of feeling, this fantasy. How common is this ??