Poor, fat, autistic, and done.I hit a pothole today. Bent the front passenger rim on the tire on my car. I have no idea what it will cost to fix. I hit it because I couldn't avoid hitting it without veering into oncoming traffic or letting someone rear end me. I am currently stranded at my sister's house in the middle of nowhere watching her dogs for the week, and all the money I earned doing this was spent either on gas or going to the doctor.

I have a rotator cuff injury, and my left arm hurts like a sonofabitch. I bought the meds to take care of it but my copay is pretty high. I needed health insurance to cover my shit and I had to lie to say I made enough to get coverage under the ACA since my state didnt expand Medicaid for poor people. I make less than $13K a year- I thought I would make that when I signed up but my sensory issues are flaring up, I'm having more meltdowns than I used to, and my psych provider dropped me once I got insurance so I have been scrambling to find a new therapist and a new psychiatric care provider. 

Except I cant afford the copay. Even though it isnt that bad, paying $120 a month minimum is a lot in doctors visits. On top of medication. On top of what it costs to miss work- except it isnt really even *work*. I have a "job" because my family feels sorry for me because I have issues in public and with crowds and phones ringing and loud sounds and figuring out what the ever loving fuck people want from me. 

I had two job interviews next week because I'm trying to transition into gainful employment. I am trying so hard to be normal and to feel normal and to stop being so miserable because I'm broke but all I see everywhere is how stupid and worthless I am because I have student loans or car payments or need help keeping a roof over my head because I've never been able to do it. 

It is never going to get better. It has had ten years to get better and even if I can fake it for a little while I fall apart again. If I were dead then nobody would have to take care of me anymore, things wouldn't be such a problem for them. If I kill myself, I have to be certain that it does the job the first time because I can't afford an unsuccessful attempt. My insurance already saod that psych care doesn't count towards my deductible so if I fail and go to inpatient then I'll be even worse in debt and I cant declare bankruptcy over this shit again for another seven years. 

I am very, very tired of fighting. The world isn't built for people like me, and it has made it abundantly clear that I am not welcome in it.