Things were looking up, but now I'm headed back down I know I've posted here twice before, I don't know if it's a bit excessive, but situations have changed a little. Besides, I find comfort in posting here, regardless of whether I get any responses. I apologize in advance for the length; I took my friend's adhd meds and I haven't slept for over 24 hours. I can tell this might be long.

Backstory: ive tried to kill myself a few times before, been to a mental hospital for two weeks, and things were starting to look up.

Basically things had been getting better, in a way. It's summer vacation, you know? I get to hang out more, so that's helped. But a couple of my close friends haven't spoken to me since school was let out; I really only have one true friend right now. She's my best friend and all, but it's still a bit hard since my two other close friends kind of dumped me. I'll be surprised if we're still friends during junior year. And I got a new boyfriend, but he's ignores me and acts as distant as the last one was, which was what I was trying to avoid. 

 My mom caught me a little by surprise. She's noticeably been more of a...bitch, for lack of a better word. I try and help out around the house and with my younger brothers, but when I'm just chilling in my room by myself she starts getting on me for seemingly little stuff. I apparently just never do things well enough. She also has the most condescending attitude towards me. She's always being sarcastic, and I don't mean to sound like a pussy or anything, but she says things that really hurt my feelings (I'm a very sensitive person). Then i just start crying because I'm so angry and I can't exactly do or say anything in retaliation. Then she comes back and sees me crying, and looks at me like I'm nothing.  Like I'm just some pathetic thing. I know she's stressed and tired all of the time, but I wish she wouldn't take everything out on me. Sometimes I think she dislikes me a little because I'm the bastard child and my brothers were born through marriage or whatever, so they were "legit" I guess, I can't think of a better way to put it. She hates my dad too, so I feel like she blames me for having to keep him in her life that way, you know? Like I'm basically a reminder of the relationship that went south. I've come to realize that I'm just an "accident". And I'm obviously the reason they didn't work out. Unless they broke up before she knew she was pregnant. Either way, it hurts. Before, I could actually talk to my mom about stuff, as opposed to my dad, who just yells at me for thinking the way I do. But now I feel like she judges me, or when I'm excited about something and I want to share with her, she has the most "I really don't give a fuck" look on her face. But I guess I only have two more years to live with them, if I'm even around that long.
My dad is still an irrational hypocritical loser. But lately he's been making me kind of uncomfortable. He always tries to sleep in my bed when I'm at his house, he doesn't knock when I'm in the bathroom or taking a shower, and he's been trying to kiss me on the lips (he claims it's not a big deal, which it isn't to some families, but I've never done it before. It was completely random. And since I'm 16 now and associate kissing with guys, it creeps me out). Also, my whole family constantly tells me that im going to college and i have to get a masters and bachelors and all that stuff (typical.) when I don't even know what I want to do with my life, or if I'm even going to college. I mean obviously if I had it my way I would just get some sort of chill job and slack all day (preferably like on Workaholics. Unrealistic, I know). I know that isn't really an option though, if my family has any say in it. 

 I've been really careless with my health lately too. Before my friend graduated and we got out for the summer, he would give me vyvanse almost every day and I would pop it without a second thought. And every time I did, I would have the worst come downs. I have dropped to the ground bawling because I feel so depressed, hopeless, and suicidal when I come down. My other friend gave me an oxycontin once, and I nearly had a heart attack in the middle of the hallway; I couldn't even make it up the stairs. Another friend gave me adderall and it was pretty much the same as the oxy. But my main thing was vyvanse, and if my friend brought a drink to school, I would just chug that too (I made quite the name for myself the first few months of school. I was basically "that girl who gets high in class" and "that girl who got drunk in class and fell down some stairs". Quite the first impression.) My pill problem was also a factor in my last break up. He was tired of having to "pick up the pieces" of every come down and suicidal rant.

 I'm starting to feel stressed too. I've got summer work for AP classes next year (why I thought taking them was a good idea, I'll never know. I just barely passed this year). I'm a huge start-the-night-before-it's-due type of girl, so I know ill never get this shit done, so that's another insignificant factor in why I'm starting to feel depressed again. 

Anyway, this last year's been the craziest year of my life, between getting a therapist, briefly (or almost) getting addicted to vyvanse, a psych hospital stay, relationship problems (social and family). I'm not severely suicidal, or at least not as bad as before. But I feel like I'm heading in that direction again, and I know I'll be like that again at some point once I'm back in school. 
I'm sorry for sounding like a whiny teenager, like "omfg fml my mom's suuuch a bitch like my life totally sucks wahh". I probably come across like that. I feel bad about being depressed over this little stuff when other people on here have legitimate problems (abusive family, no money, etc.). I don't think my depression is really...situational, if I'm using that term correctly. It kind of just springs up on me sometimes and when something or someone makes me upset I just break a little more. I know it's stupid but I don't know what to do about it.

 Another thing I feel I should mention is that I had an older brother who died of AIDS before I was born. I never really thought about him before high school, he was just the sibling who died I guess. But I saw my other friends who have older siblings and it started to get to me. Finally one day I just thought about him a little too much, and how I never got to have an older sibling, and how it's not fair that I really want an older sibling (brother preferably)
and that I had one but he was basically murdered by his mother (different mothers; was in denial about having HIV so she didn't take the prenatal shit she was told to take to lessen risk of transferring it to him. She's long gone. Bitch.) and I just lost it and started sobbing. Now whenever I think of or talk about him I get very emotional and usually start crying. I feel like if I killed myself, depending on what happens after we die, I might see him somehow. A stupid fantasy I suppose, but it's something to hope for.

I've been living the last few months looking for inspiration and motivation to live, and finding things to look forward to, but then I realize it really doesn't matter at all. I've been living recklessly for the last few weeks, you know, just being careless. Not looking both ways, climbing high objects, etc. I also smoke cigarettes, one reason is pleasure, the other is the hope that maybe ill get cancer or something. I just don't see a point to existence, period. We live and we die. I'm sure this is all something you've heard several times, especially if you're a frequent browser of r/sw, but I just don't see a point if we're going to die anyway. And if a thing like reincarnation exists, then who's to say I won't get another chance at life? 

Wow. Writing this has helped, but in a weird way. I realize that i just want to end my life even more. I know I have a lot to live for but I just don't care anymore. I'm starting to feel hopeless again, and whenever i feel happy I start to think about how the feeling won't last and how I'm inevitably going to die (my mind is kind of a Debbie downer). I just want someone to talk to at least. Just someone I can relate to. I would talk to my friends, since at least 50-75% of them are also depressed, but I tend to not talk about ending my life to them. I'm afraid I'll sound ''pathetic", as my ex so delicately put it.

way too long : didn't read
3 suicide attempts, a therapist and a psychiatrist later, I'm starting to feel suicidal again; my mom's bitching, my dad's creeping me out, stressed, pop pills and stuff hoping I'll OD or something, sad over dead brother, friends and bf ignore me, I feel selfish for feeling this way since other people on here have worse problems, live recklessly hoping something might just happen to me, since I know I probably couldn't try and take my own life again given the chance, just want someone to talk to.

Again sorry that it's long, I get a little too into these and start pouring my heart out as much as I can. 
