My life is mind-blowingly wonderful. So why do I hate it?tl:dr at the bottom.

I have a truly blessed life. I have a supportive family. I have great loyal friends who care about me and want the best for me. I have a beautiful loving girlfriend. I have a job and an apartment and I don't worry about where my next meal will come from. Sure I have some problems like anyone: some debt, stress from work, occasional relationship struggles, trying to find a cheaper apartment, etc. But my life is pretty damn good.

I live in the US and despite what a lot of people say, I believe it is the greatest country in the world. And with technology and the modern world I am living better now than royalty a few short centuries ago. Realistically my life is better than the wildest dreams of 99.9999% of humans that have ever lived. 

For example, right now I'm at work, getting paid, while I'm sitting here typing on a marvel of technology that puts the whole of human knowledge in my hands. Not to mention endless entertainment options, educational information, resources and organizational tools. Sometimes I marvel over how incredibly lucky I am to have such a fantastic life. BUT....

I think about dying almost every day. I'm terribly depressed. And the worst part is I have no good reason for it. 

I think about people today starving in third world countries, and child soldiers in Africa and people who have had their lives and families destroyed by poverty or natural disasters or war or terrororism. 

I think about how most of human history is filled with suffering that I have never, and will never, have to experience. Almost every person who has ever lived had a harder time than me. 

I have always heard that you shouldn't compare yourself to people who have it better than you. There will always be someone with a better job, a bigger house, a more beautiful wife, etc. So it's much better to look at people who have it worse and count your blessings. 

So I have come to this conclusion: I am an immature and ungrateful child. I feel like my depressed thoughts and suicide ideation are spitting in the face of thousands of years of human advancement. The hard work that my ancestors and more direct family members out in to get me to where I am today was wasted. I am the end of my family line. People struggled to drag themselves through the mud of existence for countless generations and I selfishly and daily dream of destroying the last remnants of their genetic material by killing myself. It is pathetic and despicable that I approach my life with anything other than fanatic gratitude and enthusiasm. 

And that all means that I will never be happy. I have all of this and it isn't enough. So things like a better job, a better car, more friends, or an easier life wouldn't make any difference. The blessings in my life do nothing for me, all I see are the negatives. There is nowhere to go from here but down.

Tldr: My life is better than most humans who have ever lived (currently or in the distant past) and I still want to die. Therefore I'm pathetic for being depressed, and I have no hope that anything in my future could make me happy with my life if nothing so far has.