You hate me.You hate me. You should hate me, I deserve it. I am the worst of humanity. I'm a joke, a pathetic shadow of a human being. I'm a wretch. I deserve death, and you agree.

Why? I'm a pedophile. I'm attracted to children. I always have been. I can't control it. It's just my natural way. In the same way as a heterosexual is attracted to the opposite sex, I am attracted to children, sex nonwithstanding. I can't control it, and it's always been this way.

No, I've never hurt a child. I will never touch a child. I cannot fathom it. I cannot look at a child and ever, not for a fraction of a second, imagine hurting them in the ways my body tells me to. I won't do it, and I loath, I LOATH, those who do. But my body tells me to, and I must always fight it. I fight myself. Every day.

You hate me, you see? I deserve death.

I was drawn to 4chan, years ago, and for a long time I visited daily. It satisfied my inclination to procrastinate, due to the ADHD, and I was drawn into the idea of discussion without any censorship at all of opinions. I liked the idea of being able to say what I think without fear. I think most people feel that way, given the chance. The problem, however, with such an arena, is that idiots are given the same ability to voice themselves as everyone else, and the opinions of idiots can come to dominate. Among such opinions is the idea that child pornography is not so bad; that paedophiles like heterosexuals and homosexuals, cannot control their sexual attraction, and should therefore be allowed to act on them. Most still agreed that hurting a child is wrong, because it is self-evident that it is wrong, but if CP is already available, why not view it and satisfy that lust without hurting a child? It was a very tempting view, and it lead to some dumb decisions and a smashed hard drive. I don't go a day without regretting both my actions, but also regretting smashing the drive.

It's difficult to convince myself that I'm wrong. Essentially, though I know how wrong it all is, I can't really accept it. I know I'll do something stupid, I know I can't control myself. A normal person might be bad enough, but I also have ADHD, I essentially lack all self control. I know how awful it is, I know I can never, will never do it. But I also know that I can never be trusted, I can never sink the idea in.

I hate it. I really do. I hate myself. I am a bad person. I know this. I accept it in my mind that I deserve no pity. But, I cannot accept it at heart. I hate myself deep down, but not for having these thoughts. I hate myself for my lack of control, for my tendency to fuck up everything I do, but I can't hate myself for being a pedophile. It is just so appealing, it seems natural. What is wrong with me? Why am I like this?

But it doesn't matter why. It just doesn't. I am depressed, but suicide has never been a real issue, not in that sense at least. However, I know I deserve to die. I know that. I should kill myself and rid the world of a piece of scum like me. I deserve to die.

But I really can't do it, can I?

I am pathetic.