I'm gonna give myself two weeks before i end it all.Title says it all. I'll give myself two weeks to say "goodbye" or to change my mind.

What i realized in the past weeks is that i've never fitted in.  Not the "i'm different than anyone else" kind of not fitting in. Maybe that too. But i´ve always felt like a wanderer seeking a place to stay. But never found one. Maybe some people are supposed to be alone. But lonelieness slowly kills you. Who knows...

Anyway, my depression is getting worse and worse. I'm falling into a black hole and i can't seem to get out. It is so much pain i don't want to feel it anymore. Its a parasite which is going to kill me. Man, it already did. I'm dead inside. I'm numb. I don't care about people. I lost my empathy.  If i look in the mirror all i see is a stranger. Thats not me. I'm tired of living its so exhausting.

I hate myself so much that it hurts. I just don't want to be myself anymore. I'm a pathetic piece of shit.  

I was always the shoulder to cry on. I always tried to help. But that breaked me. Always giving never receiving. But thats probably just fucking selfish to think. I'm not even in my twenties and i've already failed my life. School stresses me out. Everyone seems to get along with it, i dont.I have panicattacs because of it. (I don't have autism or something like that).    

When i was younger i always wanted to be something bigger. I had dreams. Now i lost all my interests and everything.  I stare at my wall 8 hours a day waiting for death.

My life isn't even that bad. I have water, a house, food you know. People always told me to be more grateful, as if thats the solution to everything.Maybe it is.

No one gives a fuck about me. It doesnt matter wether i'm alive or not.  All i do is wasting food. If i could give my life who actually wants to live. I wouldnt even hesitate, but thats not how it works.

Nature is beautiful. Animals are too. But humanity is fucking not. They are all fucked up and selfish (like me). 

People are always saying shit like : i'd rather listen to your problems than attending your funeral". Where were you when i wanted to talk??  Or : suicide tís not the answer. Then what is?

My family is toxic. They all are mentally sick. Its really hard growing up like that.  Maybe its one of the reasons maybe not. /for depression)

I have a hard time opening up. I feel judged when i do. And when i do i always hear shit like its gets better.

I hate my mind. The way i think. Everything.

I had friends, but i lost all of them. Every single one. Because i was too depressed to actually keep friends. I'm an asshole and a shit friend. I've lost half of my life memories because i was depressed. There are people who have it worse and i'm sitting here and thinking about killing myself. That makes me a shit person.

Thanks for reading. Sorry for grammar mistakes,i'm really tired rn.

I just wrote my thoughts down probably doesnt make sense lol,