Everyone I know hates me. I just want them to forgive me.I hate my life. Everyone I know secretly hates me. I have overheard them say it, some have told me in my face. I'll start with my family.



My Dad. I'm a horrible son. I'm always snaping back at him, an I have no idea why... I help him alot, and always make sure he is OK, but them few times he says something I always snap back, yelling and telling him to shut up in a more harsh way, and make him feel like I hate him... I love my dad, I don't hate him. I love him alot, and the way he is, he could have a heart attack at any moment. I don't want my dad to die, I don't want him thinking I hate him, when I love him very much.




My younger brothers. I'm always mean to them. I always cuss them out or hit them and bully them... I don't know why I snap, it's like I just become a whole other person, and go off. I love each of my brothers, but I know they hate me. They deserve to, but I don't want them to, I love them, and would kill myself if something happened to them. But I don't know how to regain their trust, me telling them sorry after I do it everytime is already old with them, and they just say OK and cast it off. I hate myself for being a depressor in their lives. They dont deserve a brother like me. I wish I could be better.




And lastly my friends. I'm a third wheel to each of them, even when it's just me and another person. At school I talked alot of people, but only when they were around others, I would always have to ask to go with people, and I they took pity on me and took me. I snap at them for no reason also sometimes... I have no real friends. Maybe I do, but I'm pretty everyone hates me.




I'm probably not going to kill myself, I'm to scared. But I know everyone I knows life would be 100% better without me. I don't deserve to be with my family, or friends. I don't deserve life. I wish I could fix all this, but I don't know how other than finish my life now. Give every one a chance to live with out a person that constantly lashes out at people, or begs to be friends with people. I just don't know anymore...