I'm tired of being tired.(First, I'm sorry if this is posted in the wrong subrettid, I'm not actually looking for advice on preventing whatever I might have planned, just advice on the best way to go about it.  If it can be moved somewhere more appropriate, that would be fantastic)

From someone outside looking in, I have a relatively normal/great life.  Married 7 years, own my own home, have a "wonderful" career, a close immediate family that loves me to death and would do anything for me... great friends who would probably do the same.  Unfortunately, I'm tired of it all, and feel like after experiencing so much (most of it wonderful experiences, peppered in with an average number of unpleasant ones, but those are necessary anyway to really appreciate the good ones), everything else from this point on will just be like watching a limited collection of your favorite movies, over, and over, and over...  I no longer feel that spark of excitement about something new, whether its a new romance, a bonus at work, a "breathtaking" trip to the national parks that used to leave me in awe, but now its all just more of the same.  I'm tired of feeling lonely even though I'm surrounded by loved ones, I'm tired of repeating the same schedule day after day, month after month, year after year.  I'm tired of keeping up a fake smile to prevent those around me from being worried, and most of all... I'm just tired.    

The only thing holding me back is the impact it would have on my family.  My mother, father, and sister would undoubtedly be shocked and devastated.  I want to get some advice on things I could do beforehand to alleviate as many of their concerns and lessen the blow as much as possible.  I've considered writing them all letters to be read after my death, but I dont think that would be enough.  A new idea that just came to mind would be purposely putting myself in dangerous situations.  Maybe re-enlist with a strong desire to deploy, or take up stunt driving, something like that.  While I know my family would still be greatly saddened, it would be something they would have a better chance of overcoming than just thinking that I was so miserable that I decided to take my own life (which is only partially true, I'm really not miserable in any sense of the word.  I can laugh if somethings funny, but I still acknowledge that its not uniquely funny, and the more the relationship to other funny things develops, the more apathetic I become about it, and life in general.).  Any suggestions?