I really don't know how much longer I can take with this virus and being home and isolating there and now at work again isolating here. I see no end soon. I wasn't doing well before this, I was suicidal on and off but now it's daily for weeks. I'm going to snap.My work sent us to work from home mid march. I was unpaid furloughed the start of April.

My mom died a month before the stay at home orders. I didn't have much time to cope before this all happened.

I went from working in a city, being out of the house 13+ hours a day and coming home or seeing friends whenever I wanted, every day for years to suddenly being at home all the time. My family all wanted to spend a lot more time together because we were hurting after our mom and we haven't been able to at all as we all live in 3 different states. I really started to lose my mind. I was already severely depressed and anxious before this.

My gf moved in March 1st and so we got locked down together which was great at first. But we've had some problems in the past where she lies and gaslights me, which we've talked about and she promised to work on the lying but now on lock down I realize she hasn't changed anything at all and started realizing how often she lies not just to me but others. I started scrutinizing every thing she did because it bothered me so much it like blew my mind. I don't even know if I want to be with her anymore and it's making me confused and depressed on top of this all and she's now just always fucking there. I love her and wish she would stop lying and that we didn't get locked down so soon after moving in together but a part of me is glad I got to see who she really is by spending so much time together.

Right when I was feeling like I was about to completely break my work called and said due to the state slowly reopening they needed me to come in and help. I was so excited I cried because all I wanted was some reprieve from being home so often living the same day over and over with a girlfriend who keeps lying to and about me.

So I come in on Tuesday and obviously there is barely anyone here but a skeleton crew. There's no one on my floor today. One of the guys who works in the mailroom looks straight up traumatized. He came to my desk and kept his distance and was asking if I saw an email I clearly saw and I realized he was desperate to talk to someone new now that I was here. I asked him how he was and he got quiet and said it was all a lot harder and more emotional than he thought it'd be, to be here 2 months with no one to talk to and working long days. It really stung and I felt bad for him, and I said I agreed, that it was hard having to sit at home doing the same things on repeat.

I don't see anyone returning to the office any time soon and I'm alone in a cubicle now. I don't want to go home and I don't want to be here. There is no end in sight to any of this. I'm not even sure of my job even though I'm back, things seems bleak and like people are pretending to be busy just to appear necessary and there's an air of "we all could be getting fucked over" again. They laid people off at the start of this and furloughed some of us. Now that this seems like it's gonna be dragged out even longer than we realized then the fear is back.

I literally don't want to be anywhere anymore. I'm so anxious and tired and upset all the time and all options I have won't help. I can't talk to my gf about any of this because she accused me of being a negative person after I cried the week I got furloughed, a month and a half after losing my mom.

I really don't know how to get out of this one. I've started talking to a therapist over the phone but that isn't getting me out of this situation. It just makes me analyze it.

I'm so miserable I just want to not be here right now. I really don't think I can keep doing this