I feel worthlessFor later context:

I'm 16, in hs, and I have mild schizophrenia

In elementary school, I acted myself, I didn't let others opinions influence me, and I was relentlessly bullied for just being a kid. I hated going to school because I knew it meant suffering. I got the option to go to a really good school where few people from elementary school would remember me. So I went and completely changed the way I held myself. I dropped the old friends that made me the butt of the joke. Got my ugly teeth fixed, started dressing in shit other than Minecraft shirts. I bounced around friend groups and people generally liked me. Then I met this wonderful group of friends, particularly this one girl, who I grew amazing friends with and to even have a slight crush on. We legit talked about everything together, I trusted her with crazy shit. I told her more than I told my parents. Our convos were downright gross and crude and I loved it. I finally had someone who actually enjoyed who I was...

 but if this was a happy story I wouldn't be posting here. The other day I was talking with her about how much I had physically changed since elementary school, finally worked out and stopped looking anorexic. I then sent a horrible photo a school photographer took just to really show the comparison. She replied with "oh yeah J(another friend of mine) showed me that photo last week it's funny."(J went to my elementary school and was a grade lower than me. He didn't know me or even hear about me at that point but he had a yearbook). My heart immediately sank. She then described that she and he were laughing at it. I promptly responded with "Gn." and left. My head then informed me that I was worthless because not even my friends cared about me. And you know what? Fuck it. My career probably won't happen either. Even if I worked on myself I'm still ugly and that will never change. I worked so hard to escape what I thought was a specific environment, only to find out that it was reality, and no one liked or ever will like me, even if I try to change. I cried myself to sleep with all these thoughts bouncing around. They still remain. I feel the deepest form of betrayed. My phone had received around 27 notifications in the morning and throughout the next day. All of which were "apologies" about how she didn't want to lose me, I was the only friend like this she ever had, all other bullshit, etc. I can't think her without hundreds of insults directed at her firing up and appearing directly in my brain. I want to punch someone. I am never opening up to anyone ever again, because I've been so deeply hurt, or because I will probably be dead.