I'm done with me being socially awkward person and finally gotta to kill myself after some days.This is going to be a long post but I have to say something....


I'm fucking tired of being that the only one person that is afraid of everyone and doesn't know how to communicate with anyone. It's getting to the point that it affects my school performance very badly right now. I fucking feel too depressed each time I see others enjoy their life with friends, even being boy or girlfriends. I feel too jealous about others for being too socially active and talkative unlike me. 
My grades are now also really becoming worse and worse each day, and I am sure that I'll fail my exams at all. Another reason for me to kill myself.

I have almost no friends, I have only 4 friends, and 2 even ignore me because even they know that I'm just a very, very terrible person to talk with. I told them that I am getting better at talking with others and being less anxious, they told me that I am just lying only to myself, and guess they're right. Almost each time I said that, my anxiety only was getting back much worse. 

I've been feeling socially anxious since I was 13, made me way too depressed almost every day and even suicidal because this shit just got way too far from fine, especially after being bullied at school for a long time by classmates. 

I am alone everywhere, school, home, etc... 

No-one wants to hang around with me outside anymore, no matter what. All of my classmates never gave a fuck about me at all.

I don't have my mother and grandmother anymore too. I live only with my father and I am also very anxious whenever I go with him too. I lost so many opportiunities to make new friends, especially girls whenever I saw them, I am afraid to come to them, because he will only judge me wrongly... He doesn't even give a shit about my current mental health when I told him how I feel like this and only said that suicide is a bad thing, but doesn't realize my social issues at all.

I will never become better in socializing after living like this since 4 years ago... I made big mistakes that cost some of my friends with who I used to talk everyday and enjoy life. Now it's not all the same anymore.

I'm tired of dealing with all of this bullshit. I am finally going to do it after sometime soon. No-one misses me. I don't know why my first suicide attempt failed 4 years ago when I was getting bullied at school, I regret surviving.