Now with $18k in debt, my boyfriend has got his other partner pregnantI don't even know where to begin. Polyamory isn't hard, but his other partner has been making it hard for about 8 months.
I'm not mom material, but I did my best with his child from his previous marriage.
Last night he comes forward saying his secondary partner is pregnant. They took acid together at some concert and in their state, disrespected our fluid bond.
Of course she's going to keep it. She thought she couldn't get pregnant, so it's a miracle. And her family is Catholic.
He says no one ever wanted to push me out of the relationship. Of course he didn't. Of course he doesn't feel like she wanted to push me out. I feel like she wanted to push me out since day 1.
I used to be debt free, now I'm $18k in debt. I'm selling plasma for groceries for fucks sake. And now I can't leave. I have no liquidity, my credit cards are maxed out. I took a better paying job a month ago. So that's great but my time on job isn't going to help me escape.
I just don't want to get out of bed. My stomach hurts, my eyes are swollen disgustingly large. None of that matters.  I don't want to leave the room. His other partner is coming over today. Later this evening, but still 

The worst part is, he's an amazing person. He's not an abuser at all. He's an amazing father. He's paid all the bills, working long hours to make me comfortable. He wanted to try to find his own happiness because his marriage was so unhappy. I love him very much. He wants me to continue to be in his life. I can see he's not happy about the possibility of another baby. His first one was an accidental blessing. But of course she's going to keep it. And I'm just going to leave them to raise this miracle baby in the well decorated house I paid for, because I wanted him to be happy and at peace in his environment instead of the tension and discomfort from his previous marriage.
I just paid $18k and destroyed my credit for my partner to have a future with another woman.
She can't work full time. She makes her money selling her art. And he complains that I work too much. 
I just don't want to do this anymore.
I had a 700 credit score and a healthy car loan, now I'm 30 with $18k I invested in forever, and I've lost it all. And I don't know what to do so I guess I'll stay in bed until I figure it out.







