Loosing Purpose loosing focus.I'm a 22 year old male who is wearing down in my personal relations and professional life. I was suicidal in high school and self harmed but though I had overcome all of this and the negative feelings. My younger sister attempted suicide the other weekend which thankfully she regretted and sought medical care. I don't blame her but all of her reasons have stirred my repressed memories up again. I am deeply concerned about her and I feel responsible to an extent. I feel like I'm probably the closest family member she has and I knew nothing about how she was doing. I noticed her self harm scars years ago but never said anything. I should have reached out then when I had a chance but I didn't. I had a chance to help her before it got this far. 

Even now the further I sink into my own depression I am worried that if I kill myself it would drive her to follow. I know it sounds selfish that I would want to end it all but I don't think she should do it and that she should have to handle the pain of seeing her own brother bail out but I have gotten back to the point where I just get through each day with no meaning no purpose.

I have some wonderful friends that I am truly thankful for having but I feel that I'm a fake friend to them because I can't ever share my true self with them. I can't tell them how much I hate myself. They wouldn't understand. I've told one of them and she was accepting and while I don't know if she understood she at least tried to. I asked her out and she went on one date with me. I thought we had a great time and I feel that I fell for her maybe too hard or maybe too fast but she didn't feel the same about me apparently. She only views us as friends and that's all she told me. I don't want to talk to her about how I feel right now with everything because I don't want it to seem like I'm trying to manipulate her feelings. I still have feelings for her and I don't want to lose her trust or her friendship but I don't want to risk ruining any future chance I might have with her. A moot point though if I do end it.

I'm stuck in a job that while I enjoy what I do I hate my boss and my company. The stress is too much on me. I work in the IT department for a condo resort. My best friend left because of the stress and moved halfway across the country. It's ridiculous how much stress this job put on us. We managed 3 properties. The IT team at the time was only my boss and my friend as saleried employees and myself as an hourly employee. Now it has only gotten worse because my friend left and it's only my boss and myself. I just can't handle it anymore and have been applying elsewhere but can't find anything that can financially support me and give me a chance at an interview. I'm trying but I haven't had any luck yet.

I'm a diabetic so I can simply overdose on insulin and nobody would know for sure what happened. That gives me some comfort because I can go with minimal effect to my family and friends. Everyday is a struggle for me right now and it just keeps wearing down on me. I'm almost to my breaking point and I don't know what will go first.