Is this the end? (not poetry for once)It hasn’t been long since my last episode. I had hoped that my issues were resolved, but it appears it was only temporary relief. Yesterday was a good day I spent the day making and writing compliment poetry, attempting to make others happy. I felt good, went to work like any other day, talked to my coworkers, made small talk, and even got a few nice compliments about my work. This was far different than the night before when I was so upset that my ‘friends’ got worried about me and called the cops. 

Now for the bad part, I guess for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. I was happy, for the first time in a long time. Monday night an angel of a girl, beautiful, smart, funny, just simply amazing, saved my life. After the cops came and knocked on my door demanding my ID and to show them my wrists, I was incredibly upset. Yes I was sad, and worried some people. But, I thought my ‘friends’ would at least try to talk to me instead of pushing the problem onto the officers of the law to deal with. This fact, actually made matters worse for me, as I sat listening to music about being alone while trying to face myself. 

That’s when she saved me, when I was inches from ending it all she was the beacon of light. She messaged me in a panic, she was distraught that I thought this way and demanded I come over right away. We have been talking for weeks and she had no idea I was suicidal but she liked hanging out with me and talking. I went over and she put all of my fears to rest. We listened to music, talked, carved pumpkins, danced and she picked me up. (quite literally; impressive since I’m 163 lbs and she only weights 102 soaking wet). I felt amazing I went home from her place at 0030 and got home at 0100. I went to sleep knowing full well I had to report to work at 0600. I woke up feeling ecstatic I felt the world couldn’t be brighter. I had a friend who cared deeply about me and was able to prove to me that some of my other friends cared as well. I wanted to pay her kindness forward so I decided I will write poems for people. I am not the best at it but it’s a nice gesture, maybe they will like it. The reception was astonishing, people were happy and I genuinely think I made some people smile based on their replies. It was an amazing feeling. I decided I think I should talk to my best friends. So I sent all my besties, a ‘Good Morning’ text to show them I care.  I sent one to my best male friend aka my student lets call him Cayde, my best female friend, We’ll call her Danielle, and the new girl from Monday night, and I’ll call her Lauren. The high I was on felt incredible until I got home from work. 

I live alone in an apartment it’s a nice enough place but they don’t allow pets, a bummer really. So I sat down turned on my TV and checked my phone. Still no replies, hmm maybe I sent it to early, ill just send a message asking What’s up? An hour goes by and no response. Weird. Oh well maybe my phone is being buggy and the messages aren’t going out no big deal. Hop on Facebook, they are online. I’ll just shoot them a message real quick explaining my phone might not be sending messages. Cayde checks the message and offers no response. Alright that’s a little rude but, I guess he’s busy. Danielle checks her message and also provides no response. Did I do something wrong? I wonder as I contemplate my last couple days of actions.  I got it! Lauren! Surely she can provide me with Social interaction, after all we just hung out and she always likes to talk to me. She doesn’t even check the message. Oh well maybe she’s napping I think. Guess I’ll just play some Destiny 2.

I check my phone 2 hours later no updates from Facebook or Texts. I open my facebook and ask if I did something wrong to the Cayde and Danielle. They both check immediately, yet again no responses. Alright… fine… then oh look the green dot is back for Lauren. “Hi Lauren, How are you today? Have you heard from Cayde or Danielle today? They don’t seem to be responding.” I wait and nothing, she doesn’t check the messages still. alright… well I’m done playing destiny, I turn on Netflix, but I can’t watch anything, I’m worried something happened.  I sit quietly for 30 minutes scrolling through facebook. That’s when I accidently refresh my screen (scrolled up to fast). 

There they are talking to each other in posts for the last several hours. I check the times on the comments and read them all. Basically the normal style posts. ‘They aren’t busy, they are bored, etc.’ so they are just ignoring me. I sit quietly and ask them in text one more time if they want me to leave them alone or if everything is okay. I get nothing at all. I sit quietly in my room the TV turned off due to inactivity and I was too broken to stand and turn it on. So I just sat there in the dark waiting. Hoping my phone would blink, a tell-tale sign that someone messaged me. But nothing came I sat there in silence unable to think, unable to move, and unable to sleep for hours from 1930-0300 I sat there alone. 

Once again I've entered my high school life; No friends, no communication, just the darkness in my head. I suppose it’s just the way things are meant to be living at the point of total exhaustion. There is a hole in front of me leading to an abyss that’s pulling me in slowly but surely. I claw at the ground trying to grab hold anything to keep me from it. And every once in a while a ‘savior’ comes and tosses me a line. I grab hold and pull myself and just when I think I am out they pull out a knife and chop the line. And I tumble further than I was before toward the center. Now I sit here wanting to give in just let the darkness swallow me. Is this all there is to life? Am I meant to be alone forever? I think this is the end.