The Wilting Flowers of American Fens 

I’m committing suicide soon, I’m waiting for the nice day to go for a walk in the woods and never come back. 

I’ll try to be brief with the backstory: I’m a man in my mid-twenties, recent university graduate, struggling with employment, had to move back in with my family, I have a bad relationship with my family, grandfather would force me to get naked and take photos of me when I was 5 years old, my mother left when I was 7 came back when I was 14, both of my parents struggled with opioid addiction, brother’s an alcoholic, very impoverished etc. Pretty standard awful 1st world family/childhood.

Growing up I never had friends and my parents wouldn’t let me leave the house, so I spent most of my time alone, because my family was really poor and I went to a school that are almost entirely middle/upper-middle class, nobody associated with me, I was a “gross poor kid.” And as I got older I didn’t fit in with the other lower socioeconomic teens because I was straight edge (I’ve never drank or smoked ever in my life). Because of this I grew up to be completely socially inept. 

Because of my state’s bullshit requirements to get a drivers license (need a licensed driver who is willing to let you use their car and personal information and go to the DMV with you), I never got a drivers license (family never owned a car until recently and that car is not “legal” enough for the driver’s test). This is a major problem now because as someone who studied ecology and field biology, every job in that field requires a driver's license and ownership of one for 90 days. Not having a driver's license also heavily limits where I can work, where I can live, what I can do etc.

Last week one of my molars broke in half and the pain is excruciating, I would get it removed but I can’t afford it and the last time I went to a dental clinic they accidentally cut part of my tongue, to which part of my tongue is now permanently missing.

But none of that really matters, I would happily work around every single one of these problems no matter how much of a struggle it was if I could get the one thing in life that I’ve always wanted: to be loved (I know, it’s cliche). Throughout university I threw myself out there in the hopes that I would find friends and possibly someone that would be willing to build a relationship with me. It was a complete failure. Other than a few girls who wanted to have occasional no-strings attached sex, I spent those 4 years completely alone and the sex only contributed to that feeling of loneliness and detachment.

I just can’t stand to spend another night alone, another day of checking my phone hourly hoping and praying that one of the dozens of individuals I gave my number to, sent me a message. It’s hard to live when nobody cares about you and you don’t find enjoyment in anything in your life. As a meme I brought my suicide note to class to read as a poem expressing “environmentalism” and the fear of tree loss but in reality it was a metaphorical poem about how crippling loneliness was killing me. Nobody caught that, to no surprise. After which I wrote a full-length (80 minute-ish) play as a suicide note instead, I looked into getting it published but gave up. At this point, I’m very much ready to walk out the door and never come back, my surviving written works and paintings are neatly bundled. I was going to do it on my birthday (a few days ago) but I waited too long to see if anyone would give me the time of day, but nobody did, big sad moment. I’m thinking tomorrow or maybe next Sunday. I'm not scared of dying at all, we all die, fearing it is pointless.

And that's the quick version of what led me here. You may be wondering why I bothered writing and posting this: the nights are long and painful, writing helps them go a little faster, and if I’m going to write it, I might as well post it. I apologize for the long and jejune post, I promise my written works are much better.