16 and i already want to die 18+Hey excuse my username its just their to stand out. Getting on, i started to break down right now thinking about my life right now, theirs many reasons  . 4 months ago I acidentally came across a hurtcore (rape torture ect) child porn forum with 470,000 members. People posting, "how to torture my baby" "kid screams as he get raped (blood)" "how to kidnap a kid" " i killed my baby" that was 4 posts out of 80,00+ it got worse as i kept reading the comments (No i Didn't download or watch anything) People giving tips and saying they want more. I got off of the site never to return. 4 months later it still effects me as i cut myself everday since to cope with the depression. I wish i could save all those kids from that horror they live with. People are fucked when you give them anonymity its sad to wonder why, why do they like seeing kids being hurt. Everyday it effects me after that day. Getting on next, i dont have a girlfriend, every girl i meat never likes me, a girl i liked who a guy punched her in the face and i wooped his ass right there, she decided to date him  the day after. their is one other girl i never loved more then anyone else besides her, she is a goddess. We talked and all but i see her hanging and laughing with another guy. Everyone says im cute but they never want to date me, i would put my ALL in to the relationship EVERYTHING (edit: at this point im crying) i would die for that girl, shes the reason why i LOVE to go to school, just to see her. Theirs so much i want to do in life. I want to expose pedos and save kids from their horror. I want to be in my own band like (asking alexandria, motionless in white ect...) already got a name " suicide apartment " (theirs a deep meaning dont know if anyone cares though) help save lives also a rapper, like lil peep mixed with xxxtentacion. A few weeks ago my family thought i had cancer. Everyone  was crying but i was relieved that i was gonna finally die but it wasn't cancer. Im all healthy. Anyways i hope people read this because im lost in life.