I’ve wanted to kill my self over my relationship for a year now and I think I’m finally going to do itI know the first thing people will want to comment is that I shouldn’t kill myself over a guy. “You’ll find someone else, relationships aren’t worth your life.” That’s not the reason I want to do it. I’m not doing it because he wants to break up, I’m doing it over WHY he inevitably will. So please, if anyone is reading and wants to help, please don’t advise me not to do it over some guy. It’s a lot more complicated than that. 

The reason I want to do it because I keep fucking up. He’s amazing to me and gets upset but rightfully so. I’m just a messed up girl who keeps making mistakes. I want to end it because even though he gets upset, I make mistakes everywhere else. Even when I try to be a good girl he just can’t see the good in where I tried, he just sees where I made the mistake. And I don’t blame him, I would do that too if I wasted my time on someone who kept making mistakes. It’s not that I just can’t make him happy, I can’t make anyone else happy either. I live in the shadow of successful people and all I’ve done is never amounted to the expectations made of me. I’d be doing everyone a service by ending it and letting everyone relax and enjoy their lives without me. I want to kill myself because there’s no solution to the mistakes I make. I try so hard not to for him, and it still happens. What can I do if I can’t change? Do I just live in the misery of him being upset with me and projecting that on me? Or do I live with the self loathing and guilt that someone so amazing is giving me a chance? Either way I can’t look at myself in the mirror without thinking that the girl in the reflection deserves to not have the good life she had. 

The hard part is for the next year of my life, I will see him every single day. There’s no getting around that even if I tried. The even harder part is that if I DO choose to remove him from my life, the only way that’s possible is by committing career suicide. It’s not an exaggeration, but I would be giving up the only worthwhile thing in my life right now. There’s no alternatives, if I do that I can’t just “get another job.” It really really doesn’t work like that at all. 

At this point I’m just looking for a sign not to do it. I’ve rationally tried to wrap my head around it for some months and this seems to be the only solution to stopping the problems of the love of my life. I need a reason not to but I’m starting to see that few of those exist. 