Ready to give up.This is actually a throwaway account. I'm a longtime lurker, and I was hoping this wouldn't be my first post here, but I don't know who else to talk to about the way I'm feeling. 

I'll be 22 at the end of the month. Ever since I finished college this year, I've felt like I was rapidly approaching the end of my own usefulness. With little money, I had no choice but to move back in to my father's secluded suburban home as I applied for jobs. I had dreams of leaving my hometown for good, and most of those were crushed by the fact that applying for jobs online to other cities wasn't a great plan to begin with. (I only found this out through r/jobs, not my dad, who had essentially given up on helping me, including cancelling plans  for us to spend some real time in NYC searching for work). 

So after applying to even more jobs here, I found a call center gig. The only problem is I can't get to it because the buses don't run consistenly and I'm an idiot that still doesn't have a license. (I used to get crippling panic attacks every time I even thought about driving. These have lessened with some herbal supplements and practice, but now I can't get a road test because the entire state is apparently booked for the next two months.) 

And yet I have training Monday, and am still expected to find my way to work. My friends are either too busy for this crap or are dealing with their own responsibilities (something I feel like I'm failing at entirely). My mother, who has never really been that much of a positive force in my life, is actually trying to help -- but she just keeps giving me job listings for out-of-state places, no matter how fruitless I tell her the endeavor is. 
So now I feel really stupid for committing to something like this knowing it would be difficult for me to attend every day. To make matters worse, I feel like I need to stick with this  despite that because it was so hard just to get it, and as r/lostgeneration has proven, it's better than nothing, even if it is becoming logistically impossible. 

And now I feel like I don't really have a future. It's almost like I'm stuck in between points A and B.
And yet even as I type this I feel like I'm just whiny anyway. So I don't even know what the point is. 