EveningI'm really never sure what I'm supposed to write here. I think I'm writing in the hope that someone will read what I say and consider it, but I'm not all too sure if there's anything to take into consideration. I doubt anything could be taken away from reading my thoughts, not anything positive in any case, so thank you for taking the time anyway, if you happen to be reading this.

I feel very weighed down by societal expectations. The way we need to speak, the intonation and language expected as we go about the life of a functioning person. The "work voice". It's really a small thing, but it always annoys me. It feels disingenuous to be like that, like I'm betraying myself and living a lie. I really can't stand it. Which is a pretty childish way to think, I understand. But I don't think I'll ever get over it, I see it as dehumanizing, factory standard, planned and mechanical. There's no warmth there, it's nothing.

I guess most of my complaints about living are in a similar vein. I wouldn't call myself a deviant in most contexts. But there's it feels there's no point where I feel "Life". I'm sitting here, at my desk with my computer, I paid more money for all of this than I did my car. And at the end of the day, I'll freely admit this, I know I'm not unique here by far, it was just to distract myself. I'm going to eat some food, and I'm going to go to bed once I've finished my tequila. So I can go to work. For a company that feels nothing. With people who I don't know, beside what they show me.

I don't enjoy this. I don't know what to do about that fact. I was raised by the type of people who, if there was a problem with anything, something not working right, they would fix that. Immediately. I was taught how to teach myself to fix things. How to solve problems. I've had chronic depression my entire life, and there is nothing I feel like I can do to fix this. Because my problem can't be fixed. I fucking love living. The idea of sensation, if you look at this from a universal scale, this is fucking amazing. I can think, and reason, and plan and see what happens and create and shape and view complex patterns and shapes and experience how just the simple part of hearing tones in a certain order can make the electricity in my brain do different things. And that is so special.  

And I would take all of the involuntary mood swings and voices in my head telling me I want to die, the parts of myself that will not go away I would love all of it. But I live here on this planet with people who don't see things the way I do. People who do not understand how the basic idea of cause and effect could apply to them, these people who see themselves as above everyone else because of perceived wealth or ignorance or just plan sociopathy. Culturally and socially reinforced nihilism. I don't understand how people could be so fucking arrogant. This is a beautiful, gorgeous possibility. And people ruin it. That's how I see it anyway. And I don't see any way for me to change the people, all I can do is change my own situation.

Sorry if that seems dramatic, but I'm glad to write down my thoughts. Maybe now I'll go live by a pond and write a book about it.