I'm not sure why I'm writing this.My life's a wreck and death is preferable. 

I guess I should start by saying I'm 28 and I have no one in my life anymore except my mother, who I live with. I have been living with her for the last 6 years and became a complete shut in with no motivation to do anything, not even the community service I was given that would keep me out of prison. A sentence I received because I wanted to keep my mother from going away for 4 years, but that can come a little later.

I was born to parents who were 15 and 18, mother father respectively. Both were drop outs but my mother tried to make it work by working two jobs while my father sat at home and fueled his addictions, addictions my fathers mother (my grandmother) blamed and hated my mother for. But as it turned out my 16 year old mom couldn't work two jobs and pay the bills while taking care of a one year old while my father just got drunk and smoked crack, used heroin, on a daily basis. So my mother ended up giving guardianship to my dads parents, and she moved 4 states away to live with her own parents and try to sort her life out. I didn't meet her until I was 10, and I wasn't sure who she was. She sent presents every year for holidays and events, but my spiteful grandmother changed the packaging and labels and never told me who they were from. 

My father bounced around a lot after my mother left him, doing construction jobs to fuel his inclinations. We hardly ever spoke for years, I actually don't think I ever had a conversation with him until I was 16 and only because we started drinking and smoking pot together then. He lived next door to my grandparents once for a couple of years. I'd see him every morning as I went to the bus stop like clockwork puking up his last nights alcohol before starting over again. He never came to my birthdays but I had a cousin my age that was raised by my grandparents too, because his mom my dads sister, was likewise 16 when she had him. Every year for his birthday my aunt would buy him a entire pig and recruit my dad to cook it over night in a pig cooker for him via alcohol and drug bribery. Since his birthday was in July it ended up turning into my dads friends and a bunch of family having parties all July. Its a memory that sticks since he never did anything for me. I assume alcohol or drugs would have convinced him.

This next part is really hard to say... I never told anyone all of this. I was molested ritually by the cousin I had to share a room and bed with for nearly four years, and also by an aunt at the same time despite they never knew each other was doing it. It started when I was 8. I've come to terms with it and it doesn't bother me, and I've spoken to / received counseling about it. That's not what is hard for me.. My cousins mother lived two houses over from my grandparents, and besides my male cousin she also had 3 girls all younger than us. My cousin, their brother, used to make all of us do stuff with him and each other.. I hate that I went along with it, and even more so that I never tried to stop it. But worst of all I went from being an abusee to an abuser myself. As in I ended up doing things with the girls that's making me feel like i can cry right now even thinking about it, just because I guess I was tired of being a victim. 

Fast forward to 10 years old and the return of my mother. My mom showed up one day out of the blue. I guess she had ended up moving back to the same state and ended up getting married and tried constantly to call me and come see me but my grandmother never told me about it, refused her at every turn. She randomly showed up and kept doing so after regularly. She used to beg my grandmother to let me come stay weekends with her and even with me begging she still said no for nearly a year until she finally relented. I started to go alternating weekends and stay with my mom and the man she had married, and honestly it was bliss. I had my own room, I was alone in my own space. I had home cooked meals, not bologna and cheap hot dogs everyday with utensils out of a drawer layered in mouse shit.  (There was roaches at my grandparents too, and I ended up anemic because of lead poisoning from the houses old foundation. It was tore down after being condemned years later.) There was also 4 boys my age near my mother's place that I became fast friends with. I used to dread and hate every time that I had to return back to !y grandparents but being the introverted boy I was I never said a word about it. Any of it actually, but one day I did. I was 12 when I asked my mom point blank if I could live with her permanently. She immediately hired a lawyer in secret and started the court process. Within a year I was living with her, but it was far from simple and it left me with a mental image of my grandmother that sticks with me even now 16 years later. 

I had just gotten home from school and came home to find my grandfather waiting to direct me to their bedroom where I found my grandmother streaming tears and screaming at me. You see she had just had a risky open heart surgery a few months prior, and she had just received a phone call and found out that my mother had hired an attorney. She didn't start screaming until she asked me if it was true and I told her flat out yes, I wanted to live with my mother. She yanked down her shirt and pointed to her scar and screamed that everything she had been through was for me, that I was abandoning her for that worthless bitch and I was breaking her heart. The next few months went by in a haze where she refused to even talk to me. I bottled it up like I did with everything, tucked it under the scars and put it in the void. (I forgot to mention my cousins mother and my uncles and aunts were extremely abusive. I've been stomped at 6 years old by a 300 pound woman for sitting too close to the TV and not moving back when she asked me to. That ended up with 4 broken ribs and shitting and puking blood for a week. The same woman also hit her own son with a frying pan full of hot grease because he snagged a piece of bacon, he has permanent white splotches down his neck from it even years later.) But a few months go by with my grandmother ignoring me while the court process went on, until eventually I was called up to be spoken to in private with only the judge, attorneys, and myself present, because of my age. I remember being asked a few questions and the judge deliberated with the attorneys before flat out saying he was going to leave me with my grandparents. I snapped, emotions just poured out and I cried for the first time in my life as I broke down, it all poured out. The abuse, the state of the house and my living conditions, everything. The judge dismissed us and told the attorneys that none of that was to leave the room. But it did leave the room. I knew as soon as I saw my grandparents return to the car where I was waiting after court ended. No one said a word but I knew. We went home and my father was waiting. He looked me dead in the eye and told 12 year old me I was a "little fuck liar." Two months pass and still my grandmother wouldn't so much as sit in the same room with me when I was home from school. The court order finally came through and my mother came to my school at the end of the year and picked me up as a surprise, taking me to my new home. My grandparents found out and called the police but nothing could be done, my mother had her rights back. The only addendum was that I now had mandatory visits back to my grandparents on alternating weekends and summer vacations. But that didn't exactly pan out. My grandmother died of a heart attack at home within a week of me moving to my mothers. I can still remember the looks I received the weekend I showed up, remember the way she told me I had killed her, and I can remember my cousin telling me I killed her after she actually died. I saw that they blamed me. All of them, and it was never the same. Even at her funeral I couldn't cry. For 26 years the only tears I ever shed were in that court room. My mother went to her funeral with me and even she was crying about it and they hated each other. But life went on.

From 13 - 17 I was happier than I had ever been, I was in a supporting and caring home with a non abusive family and friends and a good school life. But around 16 the rebellious stage kicked in. I started becoming mischievous, smoking cigarettes, weed, drinking. I was eben doing it with my father on my trips back to my grandparents. The abuse stopped once I moved out of course and none of us ever spoke about the things we had done, my cousin, the girls, we all buried it under a rug. But my happiness turned to resentment as I noticed my mother was far too lenient. She could never bring herself to punish me for anything I did. Stealing money, smoking, none of it. Shed attempt to ground me and falter the next day. I knew it was guilt on her part but I couldnt help but push the limits, going so far as to skipping school when I got my license with more days missed than went by a long shot. I was expelled my junior year, yet even though I knew my mother was angry she never showed it. And like a shark I went at that weakness. Now I know I just wanted her to scream at me, I wanted to be told I was a fuck up and to get my shit together. But she never did. In fact the happy little life on the outside crumbled too, when I was 17. 

My mother got into a bad car accident and ended up on disability. She was a nurse but she was no longer allowed to work. She was given pain meds after back surgery for years and it changed her. Her relationship with my stepfather crumbled and she ended up moving out, leaving me with him, to stay with one of their mutual friends. He thought it was temporary and didn't mind me staying there with him but aftrr a year of her being gone that changed too, even more so when it came out that my mother was fucking her friends husband, the married man she was staying with and also my step dads best friend. It caused massive problems. When this all happened I was 17, close to 18, but it opened my eyes. On my own I enrolled in an alternative school and crammed a years worth of classes in one semester so I could enroll back into my primary highschool. I ended up graduating on time by my own graces but by the time I did I was 18 and still staying with my stepdad. He had always been an alcoholic, drinking acase a day but he was never violent. But once it came out what my mother had done he, rightfully, was pissed. He started drinking liquor oiut of the bottle, talking to himself at night, glaring at me when I came home from school or work. I knew I was no longer welcome and I didn't blame him. My mother left for a year to fuck his best friend while I was left there like luggage. Not long after that my mother and stepdad filed for divorce and my mother and I ended up moving to a small trailer a county a way. I applied for college but because of my rebelliousness I needed a few credits more than what I had and was rejected. My only option was to do community college for a year before I would be accepted to uni, but at this point I had a pretty good job for a kid right out of highschool. Good enough that I was essentially paying for the small trailer and the bills all on my own, seeing as my mother was kicked out of pain management for smoking weed and she spent her meager income on pills. Most of my friends had moved on by now, gone on to join the military or off to uni. And then I got hooked on pills too. 

I started taking them around 19, and I truly loved the feeling. I saw immediately why my mother liked them so much. For a person who was always numb inside it was like a warm fuzzy blanket. We lived there like that for a year before my mother decided she couldn't handle being so near to the rumors and snarky comments anymore. (It was a small country town, stepdad was a farmer and everyone knew each other and even though we moved a county over it was still on the outskirts of the county line, closer to the city I went to school in and my job.) So she decided she was going to move back to rent a house next her own parents back in her home state. I decided I wasn't going to go. I had a good job and a few friends around still, sadly only junkies like myself at that time too, so I stayed on my own from 19 - 20. The whole while my usage just upped and upped until I was paying my entire rent on drugs and owed everyone I knew money. So I said fuck it one day after a year and called my mom and asked to move in and she said yes. I had a sort of epiphany, that I was just like my father during that year and that realization made me quit on the spot. I moved 4 states away to where I knew no one because I knew it was the only way I'd ever give up my bandaid that was opiates. So that's what I did. Of course, it was harder than I thought it would be.

You see the house my mother rented was next door to my moms parents, my other grandparents. And my grandfather was prescribed / still is prescribed morphine because of cancer. He doesn't even have half of a lower jaw anymore because the bone had to be removed and the cadaver graft failed. Not to mention my great uncle, my grandfather's brother was the one who owned the home my mother rented and he was a pill head too. He his it from his wife and used the rent money to buy his own drugs. The town we moved to ended up being far worse than the small country town I left drug wise, and trying to go cold Turkey when I have family members around that would just give me whatever I wanted if I asked was not easy, but I spent three months holed up until finally the worst was over. I had a relapse or two but every time I realized that I was just like my family I'd quit again. I ended up finding a job and this lasted for nearly 4 years. But of course having pill heads around each other wouldn't last. My uncle who kept stealing the rent for drugs was lying to his own wife about it and they ended up getting a foreclosure on the land where we lived as well as my grandparents next door and suddenly we all 4 were homeless. They quickly rented a small trailer and I spent 2 months sleeping on a porch in an Ohio winter with nothing but a tarp nailed to the outside. My mom slept with my grand!other while my grandfather slept in his rocking chair. It was a low point for sure. The job I had paid shit wages and no matter how hard I tried I couldn't find anything better. Then I lost my job, my license, my car, all right together. I had a traffic ticket from my old home state I had forgotten about that caught up in the me when I tried to renew my license for that state. So I did a title loan on my car to quickly pay it off but within a few days I was fired from my job for texting in the parking lot. (Yes, I'm dead serious. It was Union contracted and extremely strict.) My mother and I ended up moving in with a disabled bed ridden man who was a family friend. On top of is staying there he also paid my mother for taking care of him (think home nurse) and I went along because he lived near a major city. Way more job opportunities. It took six months of me job hunting to find a job and when I finally did the man we stayed with passed away within weeks and we were back to homeless and caught in a court battle over his assets because the man was wealthy and had added my mother to his will. A move the mans family was deeply upset about. He was never married and childless, so they were direct relatives. We ended up back at my grandparents while the court proceedings went on for that, which meant my carless self couldn't drive an hour with no license to work and seeing as I had not made any friends at all in my time here I didn't have a choice. My mother eventually got her "inheritance" and put a payment on a house. Her inheritance came in two major checks at separate times but the realtor allowed her to make a huge down payment with a promise to pay another 20k in a few months as that was what the down payment should have been. It should have been easily doable considering the amounts she was receiving but it turns out that second 20k payment never made it to the realtor, instead she spent it all on pills over a 3 month span. We lost the house and back to homeless. Luckily that was short lived as she found a boyfriend to live with and I stay there now too. But a lots happened over the last few years. 

I haven't spoken to a single one of my family members from my father's side in 10 years at least, though I did see an news article where my felon father got caught with an ounce of heroin a few years back and got 20 years for it. He has a long prior record, boasting even a statutory rape charge and the only family I had left here all hate each other now. My mother and her parents refuse to speak as well as my pill head uncle. I likewise got into a little trouble for driving under a suspension trying to dig myself out of debt enough to get my license back. This is why I'm now a felon myself and likely going to prison in a month. A few years back my mother sent me to my grandparents out of nowhere, she told me they called and begged to borrow money and asked me to take it to them so I did. I got there and grandfather asked me to take him to the store as his car was messed up and he needed some stuff so I agreed. He got some groceries and I took him home and went to make the hour drive back to where we were staying at the time. I moved over for a passing ambulance and didn't used my blinker and was pulled. I knew my license was invalid and if I was unlucky the car would be towed. I figured worse come to worse I'd just have to sit for 30 minutes waiting on my mother to come get me but it was worse than that. Turns out during inventory of the car there was a bottle of morphine unlabeled under the passenger seat. I knew right away what happened and called my mother furious. In the end the cop gave me a citation and took a statement regarding the pills, where I said they weren't mine obviously. But the cop said to wait and they would decide whether to charge me after the pills were tested in the lab, and if I hadn't heard anything in 6 months then likely I wouldn't be charged. Fast forward 2 years of silence and the incident all but forgotten and I have two us marshals and two local cops knocking on my door with a secret indictment. I went to jail for a few weeks and was released on bond while the rest played out, but I ended up with a court appointed attorney who flat out said the only way I'd get out of it is if my mother took the blame. Well she had been caught with illegal pills already too, and though she became a felon she only ended up with 5 years probation. If she took the blame she wpiuld have gone to prison. I didn't have a single thing on my record besides traffic tickets so I took a plea deal with the plans to do my 10 days in jail and get out on probation with the remaining year over my head in the hopes of doing what I needed to do and having it expunged. Yet here I am now, report twice a month a year and a half into my probation and I still haven't done a single hour of the 120 I need. I've tried but it just doesn't work out. I have no motivation do anything anymore. For the last year I've spent all my time job hunting and I've had a few who were interested until the word felon came up. The closest place to do community service to my house is walking distance away, but they don't take felons. 

I've essentially just given up, I genuinely don't care about anything and I never really have. I did see a psychiatrist a few years back where I received a antisocial personality diagnosis. I was given meds that never worked, sent to counseling and therapy too but to be honest it hasn't helped in the slightest so I gave that up too. And while I typed out a good bit of my life story here I realize fully that it paints me as a victim in most of it, but I'm not. The truth is I'm a horrible fucking person. Ive done a lot of seriously horrific shit that I'm not proud of by any means. I haven't had a girlfriend in 6 years and I've never had a relationship last more than 3 months. I just can't do it. I'm empty inside and have no drive or prospects. Most of my friends or girlfriends I've always fucked over by playing little games like a psychopath because I just can't let anyone get close to me anymore. I truly can't. I've only had two meaningful relationships in my life. One with a girl that I think I truly loved but it was fucked up. I was overbearing, jealous, paranoid, abusive, insecure to the max... I treated her like shit. And I knew I was doing it and couldn't stop and she was too good of a person to be crying every day. So I just cut her off and left. The other was my child hood friend that i met when I first moved in with my mother. One of the four guys. We were inseparable for years but life happened and we drifted apart, though we did speak for years after and meet up whenever he had leave from the airforce. Which is something I was declined from as I am mostly deaf in my right ear from where my cousin shot a shotgun next to my head and perforated an eardrum while we were hunting as teens. I couldn't even join the army during the war, something I genuinely wanted to do. (Yeah, I know now that sounds.) So here we are. No prospects, rapidly approaching 30, living with my mother, a convicted felon who's likely going to prison within weeks or months. Depending on how long I can use my psychopathic charm to sway my po with lies, and it just seems so fucking stupid. I'm right back where I was at 10 years ago. My mother has changed with her addiction issue too. We never talk anymore, and haven't for years. When I ask her something I usually get a bitter snappy answer because her boyfriend now is an alcoholic too, but one of the stupid fucking kinds who likes to run his mouth and scream over menial shit. I've already had her drag me off of him because I had him against a wall and was strangling him after I got tired of hearing his drunk ass calling her names loud enough the neighbours could hear. The house were staying in is three stories including the basement, which is a separate homestead and where they stay. I sit in the upper two stories of this house all alone and have done so for the last 2 years. All I do is think about shit now. I've never really done that before, I usually am always optimistic and try to think everything will work out in time but the truth is that I'm tired of waiting. The truth is I'm more of a parasite now. My closest friend from back in the day was more of a rival in that we were always challenging each other in everything. Who got the most girls, who was better at sports or fighting, and whatever else. It wasn't the type of relationship where sharing was a possibility. I've tried talking to my mother genuinely about myself, where my heads at, and it ended up with her bawling and running out of the room within five minutes. So I've never really had anyone I could talk to. I really haven't. The only girl I've ever loved I was too scared to pursue because I know myself too well. And that's even with her actively pursuing me back. I just couldn't put her through that. Not her. And to be honest the only reason I haven't killed !myself now is because of my mother and only her. 

She's headstrong and hates people that fucks her over and she is almost always a raging bitch but inside she's a big softie who cried for a week when her pet rabbit died. A 40 year old woman crying over a pet rabbit.. What would a dead son make her do? I may not feel guilt personally but I know what it is all too well, and I can't do that to her. I can't let her find me at least, so my plan is to pack up a bag and some supplies and just head out into nature as far as I can and do it there. My mother knows me well enough to know that I'm the type of person who can cut off a relationship at the drop of a dime. So long as I'm never found by her then that's fine by me and if im never found at all that's all the better. I'm giving it a week.

I have never attempted to suicide before but I have had a few near death experiences. I've been shot during an incident back when I was doing drugs a lot, I've accidentally hung myself before, ive overdosed and passed out for three days where my old "friends" just took my money and my car and left me for dead, and I've drowned and had to be resuscitated. I know full well that I have a strong will to live and I know how that rush of chemicals after feels, how relieved and life changing it can be, but I've made up my mind. The truth is I really don't want to live in this society at all. My minds fucked and bitter and I don't deserve to be happy because I only bring misery along. For 26 years I walked through life like a metronome, a shell of a person just existing only because I can, because I was therefore I am. Its only in the last 2 years out of my 28 that I've stopped and allowed it all to ruminate. The worst part is that I can cry now somehow, but its always over stupid shit. A movie or a manga I read, but real life nothing affects me. This isn't living, its just existing. I don't resent it or anything that's happened in the past, I just want to end it. Whether there's a heaven, hell, absolutely nothing, a Valhalla, or any of that doesn't matter. I just want out of this menial existence of isolation. Sure I could find a job and slave away earning scraps of paper but I know I still wouldn't be happy. So I'm done. 

My bags already packed and waiting for my hike. I'm not leaving a note or even a hint about what I'm doing and that's for the best. Only one person would know anyway and while I'm emotionless I don't get off on hurting others. Its disgusting. I just want to disappear so that's what I'm going to do.