It's all my faultLast year around this time I never would've thought that I'd be in this situation.

Back in September I was a college student, struggling with a class that was causing me stress. I wanted to drop it but I couldn't because my dad (who pays the tuition) said that if I dropped under 12 credits, he'd "jam me up". That, combined with an upcoming exam in the class, pushed me to suicide.

I took 200 pills, where I regretfully texted my mom 'I'm sorry', and the university police were in my dorm room. 

I had to do inpatient.

I thought I was ready to return to class after missing 2 weeks of classes, but I wasn't. I was overwhelmed and ended up dropping all of my classes one by one. 

Since I left in the middle of the semester, I had to pay the balance I owed to the school. 1K. My dad made it clear that he would not help. Neither would my mom. They said that if I paid for my own education, I'd be less likely to kill myself. Just yesterday, my dad said he's not going to help me return to school because he is still affected by my suicide attempt six months ago.

But that's the thing. I need to go back to school. I'm a shut-in living in an area where you need a car to do anything. I can't drive and my parents refuse to teach me because they don't want me to kill myself. Yet my dad says things to me like "you're in this situation because you don't do what I tell you." and yells at me when I try to tell him how I feel.

I don't have anyone my own age to talk to. The only time I leave the house is to see my therapist and psychiatrist. So I've decided to get a job.

However, when I did get a job at the end of December as a pharmacy technician, I had a break down on the first day on the job and quit. Ever since then, I haven't been able to find a job. I've gotten a few interviews, probably because I went to school from 2013-2017, and it looks like I graduated. (I didn't. I dropped out in 2015 and returned in 2016. I even say no degree but they ignore it) As soon as I clarify that I don't have a degree, the tone of the interview changes.

Since then, I have not been able to find a job. I've been searching for 6 months. At first I was only looking in clerical and administrative, but for the last two months I opened up to anything that doesn't explicitly say degree required, including minimum wage jobs. Yet I still don't get anything.

My aunt and cousin believe this is because God is punishing me for not going along with his plan of me being a pharmacy technician. I'm not religious in the slightest, but I believe(d) there is a God. However, I believe that they are right. Especially because my prayers are going unanswered, and things are getting worse. My belief in a god now is wavering.

I've opened myself to jobs in cities where my family lives, using their addresses. However, still... nothing. I need to get out of this state. There's nothing here, but I can't. I can't leave. You can't leave when you're balls deep in debt and have no money. 

Yes... Not only do I owe 1K to the school (which I am to start paying on April 30th, I arranged the payment plan for two months ago because I thought I'd have a job by then) but my student loans start being repaid next month. I am going to defer them but at the same time... The stress of it over my head is...

It doesn't help that my sister, who is 18 months younger than me, is doing so well. She's a compsci major and will be graduating next fall. She has a car and an apartment and will probably get a nice job. People say that I can't compare myself to her, but it's hard not to when you have nothing going on.

As for my therapist and psychiatrist... I had to see them when I left inpatient thanks to the social worker. The psychiatrist is more helpful because the meds did help, but the therapist... I've been through 3. The first was a horrible one that pushed for a family session and then completely ignored everything I said for my dad. The second one was great and we were actually making progress but she left the practice. The current one... she is giving me job seeking tips like I haven't done them already. A lot of people do that, and it makes me feel worse.

I think I'm at the point where therapists can't help me, because my issues are external. The only way I can feel better is if I get a job. But therapists can't do that. Unfortunately, I have to see a therapist to keep my psychiatrist.

I've planned to do it on April 30th. At this point, nothing can change my mind. It's like... if you don't have a college degree, you aren't meant to live. It's like some kind of natural selection... where the "uneducated" die off... I'm just stuck. I've always felt stuck no matter what I do. I'm 23, but my life feels like it's over before it began.

Before, I used to tell myself that if I killed myself, I would go to hell. However... Now I don't care. God clearly hates me anyway. As I was typing this up I got another rejection email. Nice. That's clearly all I deserve.

People keep telling me that a job is coming and that it all works out in the end and that when you're at the end of your rope it always turns around. If that's true, why isn't it changing for me? What am I doing wrong? Why is everything getting worse when it should be getting better? I don't want to know the answer to that question. But what I do know is that life is bullshit, and I'm giving up. It's all my fault.

Thank you for reading. (I'm posting this from the app so I'm hoping the formatting isn't weird)