I don’t want to live but I don’t want to kill myselfHi guys,

Long time reddit lurker, first time ever posting. 

I’ve been having a lot of difficulties for the past 3 or 4 years. I’ve been to the doctor, I’m starting therapy, im on the antidepressants, I’m ticking all the boxes I’m supposed to. But the people closest to me are struggling to understand what I’m feeling so I thought reaching out might help me put it into words better.

I don’t want to exist anymore. As an entity I feel like I want the opportunity to completely disappear from the planet and cease to be. To not be involved at all with life and just exist in this silent, quiet place where there is nothing. But at the same time, when I think of suicide, it feels almost over the top for my situation. I have no right or reason to feel how I do and that drives me crazy. I have everything going for me but I really just want to disappear.

Recently my thoughts have been erring more on the negative suicide related side. But when I really ask myself, suicide is not what I want. How do I convey to my family and my girlfriend that I understand suicide isn’t the answer and that I just want a break from literally everything? I love them all so much and the idea of leaving them feeling like they’ve failed me kills me so much inside. But at the same time every day I wake up feeling like “I’m not made this” like everything is just too much for my brain. It’s just too much.

I feel like a shit. I have no good reasons for feeling this way. I “should” be really grateful and happy but I’m just not. And it almost feels privileged to have this feeling as if I was really struggling I’d have more important shit to think about and I hate that.

I’m sorry to be going on and on, I don’t know what I expect from this. I just want to hear from people what options I have. I do t think I actually want to die. But currently that’s the only thing I can see that offers respite from how I feel. It’s like a dark fucking void with no edge and when you start falling there’s nothing to stop you. I’m
Hurting all the people I love and I just want to make it stop.

Please if anyone has been really struggling and made it through tell me what helped. I want to make the people I love happy again. I want to feel like me. 

I’m so sorry this is such an unbelievable essay of text. I just don’t know how to convey what I’m testing to say properly.

TLDR; I don’t want to exist but I don’t want to leave my loved ones with the memory that I killed myself, help me. Please.

Thank you internet

(I’ve just read this and it sounds ridiculous but I don’t know how the fuck else to phrase it. Sorry)