Should I Kill Myself?Okay well let me explain a little bit about my life to know why I am asking this. 
I have a normal life and I live with my mom, dad, and sister. But the thing you need to know is that I am a VERY socially awkward person. Ever since I was in elementary school I was picked on because I was shy and different from most people. I was glad when I left the school. Now I am currently 17 and in my Senior year. High school has been a bit of a step up as I am no longer being harassed but I am still very lonely. I've never had a REAL friend before. I've only had a few people who I have actually gotten along with and have had conversations with but I either never get to really see them again or they have moved on to somewhere else. I don't think the kids at my school really even care about me much. Sometimes people just walk past me without ever telling me "hello", even when I look upset some of my fellow classmates don't even care. Whenever people DO ask me what's wrong they only tell me a few nice things just to make me feel better. The people who do ask just carry on with their lives. I don't even get invited to most social outings. I really don't feel important when it comes to my peers around me and I don't think I would fit in with many other people at my school. I think the only friend I pretty much have right now is my older sister and it's not like I have her to talk to all the time. I know I am not the best at conversations but maybe if people gave me a chance and got to know me better maybe people would see me more than just some quiet, shy girl. Too many people I know really act obnoxious, loud, and seem to have different interests from me. I have been getting really depressed over time about the fact that I can't make any real friends and I was beginning to think about killing myself. I was planning to do it tonight but at the same time I don't want my family members to get sad and depressed now if I do this. What do you think about my life? Should I kill myself or do I have a chance at getting things better for me in the future?