I just dont get it.I just don't get why i feel this way. My whole life has been great. I have friends who care about me and family that loves me. I have a girlfriend who is the most amazing person i have ever met. None of that seems to matter though. I could end it all now and that thought doesn't bother me. I have no care for this life at all. I don't know why i feel this way though, i should feel great. I have my whole life ahead of me. the only thing getting me through this is not that I'm scared to take my life but that I know how that would hurt everyone around me. I have a sibling that looks up to me, she used to cut herself and she finally stopped, what type of example would i set. I know my parents would be devastated, they expect great things from me. my girlfriend would not recover, i am her rock when she is down. i need to stay strong for her. i love her so much that the though of having her go through me ending it is the only thing keeping me going. we have been together for years not and it really has been great. we talk of getting married someday. I'm sure that would be nice. yet with all the positive things to look for in the future it still doesn't seem enough. i am plagued with the though of ending it all. i am constantly putting on this act to be strong for everyone but hats just it. its an act. i want to end it all just to be done with it. its not even like I'm sad or depressed every time i have these thoughts. most of the time I'm lacking any emotion as these thoughts grow louder. i have held up so far, its been years and years of this now yet here i am keeping up with this for everyone.  i dont even know why im posting this, maybe just to put everything on words. i havnt told anyone how i feel before, i dont think anyone would see it coming really. i cant do it in my room because i know my parents would find me. i want to run away and blow my brains out in the woods. i want them to think i ran away or got kidnapped not that i was so fucking pathetic that i had to end my own life. i cant have them see me like that.