I tried to suffocate/co2 poison myself yesterday but once I passed out I guess I took the garbage bag off. Thinking of a new technique today. What a weird feeling to 100% try but fail and wake up. Mad that I woke up.**************UPDATE AT BOTTOM****************

So with no relief that it didn't work, it affirms that it's what I really want. The emotion of the whole thing did make me cry for quite a while. It's always the thought of my mom being told what I've done that just wrecks me. But no regrets about attempting it.

Why I'm at this point: I've been having a rough few days. Well, week. A rough few years actually. Been lost in myself and my desire to participate in the "rat race" for years. The last year/year and a half, has been constant thoughts of suicide and death. You wouldn't even believe the amount of thinking on this I've done. Apparently I should have went with co1 rather than co2 but I read some stories of really bad sickness occurring from co1 when you use a car that doesn't have catalytic converters, which my car doesn't have. But I'm surprised the Government/Google hasn't contacted me somehow for how much google'ing i've done on this. Ways to do it, painless ways, ways that look like an accident, ways that always work, and on and on and on. I'm not made for this world. I don't think like a normal person. Little else occupies my thoughts past this. Not in the typical ways of: I lost someone, I get bullied, I'm disabled in some way, I'm broke, I don't like the way I look, I'm lonely, etc. I hate life in spite of those things. The better my "material life" is, the worse I feel inside. People having real problems in this world and I have anything but. I just have a fucked up brain. About 4-5 years ago something in my brain changed, and I've been trying to come to terms with it everyday since. It was like I was an artificially intelligent being that suddenly became self-aware. I began to reflect on everything before, during, and after every situation I was in. I can't just have a conversation with someone like I used to. No, I'm in a constant pressure cooker. While I'm engaging with anyone and everything I'm constantly having inner dialogue with myself. What is the right thing to say? What is the best response? Too much eye contact, look away. Now that's not enough, look back. Did they notice that? Where is my arm? What did they say? I wasn't even listening because I was thinking about my facial expression being strange and natural. Did they ask something about me? I don't feel comfortable talking about myself, mention something else so I don't have to answer questions about my day or week because all I do is think about how much I hate living. Now I'm going to spend the next week thinking about how they're probably off put about me as I didn't open up with them and never get past the barrier of casual friends to, true friend.
Hundreds of casual friends and only a handful of good friends. Only one 'true friend' to be honest. And he doesn't even truly know me 100% as I just can't go there. I can't be me as I'm afraid of me. This is just one issue. I constantly feel down on myself as I don't have anything to offer others past 5 conversations. The worst part is I generally don't care past the first conversation. People are nothing but the filtered selfie they post everyday as they act like the reason they posted the picture isn't because it's about them and their fake mask. To pile on, everyone is the same. I've been all over this country, and I've met people from all over this world, and everyone is the god damn same. And I wish that I could just fit in, sadly. I wish that I could walk through life talking about dank memes at the water-cooler and hang out with my friends on Saturday about how me and that same group of friends got "so wasted that one time." I wish that I could get past the 3rd date with a girl and not want to strangle myself when I think about how I've had these conversations 200 times before and how fake I'm being in my interest. I'm a bad person for that. She doesn't deserve that and I certainly can't continue in it. This is me, this is my hell. I should be happy in every possible way, why can't I be happy in just one way? I have advantages in almost every way a person could in this world. I'm smart, not ugly, athletic, white, born in the USA, work with millionaires that are helping me to become my own, have great health (not mental health I suppose), have a great family. Have all these things that are easily taken for granted by so many and millions would give anything to have just some or one of these things. And yet I still wake up everyday wishing that I didn't wake up at all. It's one thing to be unhappy, but when you have no real reason to be unhappy? Well then you just fall down that much more on yourself. 5,000 children in Africa under the age of 5 die every day of starvation, and I want to kill myself for no good reason I can find. My brain is broken and I don't know why. I've tried to fix it. My mom has gone above and beyond (even by mom standards) trying to help me fix it. She knows the place I'm in, but I've kept the seriousness of it from her for the most part.
The past year she has helped me with brain scans, supplements, doctors, tests, programs, therapists. She's spent countless hours and thousands and thousands of dollars to try and help me but I don't think that I've been honest with her about it. I haven't been honest with myself either. I wanted these things to work. In the beginning I thought they might, but as time went on, it was easier to see that my problem isn't something that can be 'talked out' or a problem in my brains function that can be found with a type of scan or test. This is just me and I don't want to be here. I don't like the way the world is and I don't want to participate in it. The only thing keeping me from doing something about it thus far was the thought of hurting my mom. People will be sad and I wish that this was possible to avoid, but people will move on. I just can't say enough in here or my other letters how much you've done for me, mom. I know you'll think that you could have done more. you couldn't have. There was no one else that could have possibly helped as much as you did. Certainly no one could have done better. Mom, you did more than you ever could have, needed to, or should have. You understood a lot of what I have felt this past year, but I don't think you could know how unreachable I really am. I couldn't be honest with you about that because if I told you the real thoughts in my head, you wouldn't have let me be alone. You would have done whatever was necessary to keep me safe but that isn't the right path for me. I wanted to tell you every time you asked me how I was. I wanted to tell you everything but you would have probably put me in the hospital. You would have done something and everything to keep me from hurting myself. If I can be this sad with the life I have, then being in a hospital is only worse. There is no way to fix this other than one thing. Now I've been laying in my bed for 2 days strait now and you've called because I'm sure everyone is wondering where I am and why I haven't answered anyones calls. You're worried and I wish I could answer and tell you what is going on in my head but I can't. I know you would drop whatever you are doing and drive strait to me. I love you. You're the most genuine person I know. You're the only person that honestly cares about everyone else before herself. You're the only person that has kept me holding on this past year, but I can't hold any longer. I'm sorry. I love you so much but please understand that this is me finally being happy. This is the only way.
People say that suicide is a cowards way out, that it's selfish, and that it hurts everyone but the person that does it. I think that's true but for only half of the story. What about the pain of the person that would cause them to do it? How long have they been suffering with something? How many times have you thought about killing yourself? Have you ever? What if your mind thought about it once a week? Once a day? What if you thought about it all day everyday for more than a year? This is my hell and it's anything but selfish. Barely holding it together for the thought of hurting my family and friends. But it's just too much for too long. These past 2 years has felt like 20. I can't stop these thoughts. No matter how good of a day I've had or how amazing of a time I had hanging out with friends or my family, these thoughts still consume me indefinitely. Just as in the more material success I achieved made me feel worse, the better my day was, just made me feel more depressed. As in, if I can have this good of a day, if I can have this amazing of a date, or this much fun being with my friends/family, but I still have these feelings every 30 seconds? Why? Everything is faked. All the work done, all the questions answered, all the test results analyzed, all the breakthroughs made, and all the while it's worse and worse everyday where I'm screaming in my head and wanting to put my car into a wall. I don't think anyone would wish this on anyone they care about. I wouldn't wish this hell on anyone I hate. I've tried to fight this. I turned down prescription drugs cause I was afraid I'd use them to overdose. I didn't get my motorcycle out of storage this year cause it would be too easy to wreck it. But the pain is too much and if it's selfish, then I have to be selfish. I'm sorry. I want to be happy. I will finally be happy.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
UPDATE:

Okay so it's been about 18 hours since I posted this. The plan was to go through with attempt #2 soon after I posted that. But I was pretty tired, obviously since I only got 4 hours worth of sleep while breathing in dioxide for most of it, so I decided to regroup and come back to this in 24-ish hours. I figured I owed that much to the situation/universe since the first attempt failed. I'm glad I did, but I'm still going to proceed. I will reply to individual comments in a moment but I want to say thank you to everyone that shared in here. My insurance cut off so I haven't been to my therapist in months so it's nice to talk about this freely again. Putting all this down has been helpful. So again, thank you.

So this day had a couple ups and boy did it have it's down. I woke up about 10 after catching the other half of my 8 hours. My plan was that I was going to put in a full day of moving around, being outside, and talking to people that call/text. And I was going to treat myself to amazing food too. So I did all the things I enjoy (at least I used to) and ate all my favorite foods. Pretty good morning. but the main thing was the 'down' I mentioned a minute ago was a bit after lunch. I was sitting at home thinking about what I wanted to do next and my mom texted me. I ignored her texts the day before cause I'm a piece of shit and I couldn't bring myself to talk to her. But this was something I was hoping would happen. I was 95% sure she'd reach out. She knows if I disappear for a few days it's because I'm not in a good place. So I have to figure out how to face her with this situation going on. I tend my friends puppy a couple days a week and I was already thinking about going over there as not much makes me happy these days, but that little pup does. So it's perfect, I'll tell my other buddy I'll take his shift today and I can meet my mom over there. The puppy was a perfect distraction/mediator. So anyway, we spend about an 45 or so minutes talking in the backyard. We talk about various things but mostly about how I'm doing and about this new supplement/vitamin type thing she wants me to try. The whole time I feel dead inside. I'm screaming so loudly that I can't hear at times. I'm just playing with the dog, keeping myself distracted, so I can keep it together. What kind of person could be this way. She cares so much, she is trying everything she can to help me and I'm completely dead inside. As much as I love my mom, the only thing worse than breaking her heart like this is my constant hopelessness and pain. I'm freaking out inside, doing everything I can to hold it in. This is literally the hardest moment of my life. I wish that I was the typical suicidal person. Depressed because I feel like no one cares or because I have no loved ones. Then I could just checkout and not have this terrible guilt on top of the depression.. But I know my family cares. I know she cares unmeasurably. But I have to do this and I know a few things which get me through the guilt. I know this will not end. This is not a situational phase. There is no cure. The only possible treatment is drugs? I doubt that and they will lobotomize me anyways. I've given this everything I could to fix or adapt to it for over 5 years. I've done serious relationships, womanizer life, to sworn off women completely. Fell in love, fell in lust. I've traveled for months on end piss-poor, I moved across the entire country for a year. I changed careers 2 different times from good job; good pay. Fun job; crap pay. To now it's dream job; insane pay/potential. I've tried everything from living in a tent, living on a futon, living in a party house, hippie house, grownup house, to downtown apartment to myself. Tried living as a degenerate with no responsibilities for a year, to living the high life as a bachelor and everything inbetween. I've partied my ass off and experimented with all sorts of drugs, to now I've smoked weed maybe 3 times in 6 months and only sometimes have one drink with dinner, usually not even 2. Point is, I hate it all. Every single place and lifestyle I've lived, I end up in my bed; watching tv or sleeping, it doesn't matter cause I'll do either for a month strait. I'm tired all the god damn time. I don't want a wife, kids, a mortgage, a 401k, a life. I dread going out and talking to people every fucking day. I don't like my old friends, my current friends, or any new ones I meet. Everything leads me to the bed. Nothing has changed today, nothing will ever change it. So at least I know that... But today I got closure with my mom. I just have to do this knowing that she'll understand I'm at least at peace. I'm a piece of fucking selfish asshole. If hating me means it's less pain, then please hate me. I hate me, but at least I did my best. If there's one peace I have, it's that I know I tried everything possible. 

So anyways... I seemed to go on a bit of a vent there. But long story short; We finished our conversation, I kept it together as best I could and gave her 3 hugs, and said goodbye. I ran inside, laid down with the dog and balled my eyes out until I fell asleep. Woke up, went home. Fuck dinner. I'm ready now. Just waiting for the middle of the night to go find a garage. Fuck this I'm so ready. Everyfucking day of misery is about to end. 