Feeling really hopelessStarting of with apologizing for my grammar and english in general, it's not my mother tongue.

So about 2 to 2½ years ago i fell into a really deep depression out of nowhere, i was in my second year of gymnasium which is like highschool i guess. I was going to summer vacation after a pretty succesful first year, and thats where it kinda started, when my psychologist asked why my depression started i couldn't really give an answer because i had no clue, but i felt terrible. I stayed home at my parents for about a year not really doing anything before starting again at my gymnasium. It took exactly one week and i had to drop out because i had major anxiety problems. every day during that week i felt like crying all the time, and had a big lump in my throat while having trouble breathing. there wasn't a moment where i didn't think to my self " get the fuck out of here" the only reason i didn't quit earlier that week is because i didn't want to drop out again and have another failure in my life. Now that was 1½ year ago, and since then i have worked HARD to change things, it was then i started seeking help by going to a psychologist, i went to social anxiety groups, i even took part in a city funded project for young people that was in the same boat as me, where we trained 4 months on bikes and then cycling from denmark to france in 10 days. By the end of last year i really felt like i made huge progress, i had lost a lot of weight and gained a few new friends, and i wanted to start on an education again. I started january 2 weeks ago and it was horrible. The exact same problems that i had a year ago immediately returned as soon as i entered the class room. i had to leave to go to the toilet because i was getting teary eyes. I went home and talked to my mom, who is very understanding of the problems i've had/have but she urged me to just try a little more and just a few weeks more to see if things got better. I now sit here 2 weeks later and nothing has really changed, i feel like i'm the most hopeless human being in the world, and really just want to end it all soon. I feel like i have no future ahead of me because i worked my butt of this last year and a half and not a single fucking thing has changed. How am i ever going to finish an education, how am i ever going to find work when i have so much unbearable trouble being in a classroom with people for 1 single day? I know it might sounds minor to some of other peoples problems here, but it is ruining my life. I can't really talk to my parents about it because i don't really want them to be disappointed in me yet again. And every other person around me be it siblings or friends have so much success in their lives, so it's really hard to me to talk about it with them. I'm really on the edge on giving up all hope right now, and i see no future ahead for me.   