Requiem for a Dream (very long post.)No, nothing as crazy as the movie.  But I figured that title would describe my situation most accurately.

To start out, I am a meteorology major.  It started out when I was a little kid.  Thunderstorms scared the living shit out of me; honestly until I was like...13...But I knew I always wanted to be a meteorologist.  After high school and my first semester in college, I really realized how much math is required (a lot,) and I had second thoughts.  So I enrolled in a few other classes; journalism, film classes,   etc.  But the main thing that happened was I joined the U.S. Army Reserve.

I left that summer (2006,) went to Basic Training and then Advanced individual Training afterwards.  My MOS was 25M, Multimedia Illustrator.  I had always loved drawing as a kid, so it made sense.  After AIT, I returned home, and reported to my actual unit, a Psyop unit.  It wasn't long after that I got sent to Iraq.

I don't claim to be infantry, or any of the guys who were going through the cities, seeing combat and such.  I was just a desk jockey with Psyop.  But our base was fired on.  And more importantly, we intercepted enemy Psyop videos.  I know the popular reddit opinion is against the U.S., and especially our military.  But there are FAR more evil things in this world than America.  I have seen them.

This is not something I talk about to many people.  I don't think I've even told my own family about this.  But the worse thing I have ever seen was an enemy psyop video we intercepted.  It had the usual elements; bad guys hiding some where and shooting up passing humvees, etc.  But this one in particular had something far worse.  Apparently, the insurgents had caught 3 children (approximately 12-14 years in age) helping coalition forces in some manner or another.

Needless to say, they weren't too happy about it.  They were not in some cave, or some hidden bunker, they were outside on a street, for all to see.  They had the three kids hog-tied.  The laid them down in the street.  Then two of the insurgents came up with butcher kitchen knives, and put them to their throats.  At first, I thought they were just slitting their throats, but no; they actually sawed their heads completely off, and then put the severed heads on top of their dead bodies.

They did that to the first two kids.  The third kid had to sit there and watch it all...and know he was next.  I couldn't watch that poor third kid be executed.  Those images of those poor fucking kids being murdered is burned permanently into my brain.  And I can't help but wonder if what I did caused their deaths.  You see, I was pretty much a graphic designer for the Army.  I made posters, hand bills, pamphlets, etc.  They were anything from wanted posters to "pick up garbage" posters.  But I can't help but wonder if those kids saw my products, went to help coalition forces, and got murdered because of it.

I won't lie, there was definitely a time while I was still in Iraq when i put a loaded gun into my mouth.  But I never pulled the trigger.  But when I got home when was when most of the self-destructive behavior really began.  I had over 3 grand saved up from Iraq.  So I bought myself a new Mustang, and proceeded to become an alcoholic. (I had turned 21 while I was in Iraq, so I had making up to do.)  It was during that period I burnt A LOT of bridges, due to my alcoholism.

Eventually, an ex-girlfriend of mine recommended I see a therapist, and I did.  She did help out with a lot of issues I had, and I felt better; and I become better.  For a few years.

Flash forward to more recent times.  After joining the Army, I switched my major to graphic design/visual communication since that was what I did in the Army; and I liked it.  Eventually, I got extremely bored with VisCom, and went back to my childhood fantasy of meteorology.  I did one semester of it at Northern Illinois University, and applied at what I considered the "harvard law" of meteorology; the University of Oklahoma.

I got accepted, and once I got there I felt like a freshman again.  I joined all the relevant student organizations, etc.  More importantly, I met my at the time girlfriend. She lived right next to my apartment, and we fast fell in love.  And honestly, it was the happiest I've ever been.  But it was a very rocky relationship at first.  She was a southern girl from Oklahoma, I was an athiest guy from near Chicago.  But after our turbulent start, we made it work.  And as I said, it was the happiest I've ever been.

During my second spring there, we decided to live together.  One, we were madly in love; and two, I was hurting financially and moving in would help us both.  But it was not long after that happened that I broke up with her.  And not just a normal break up, but very nasty break up.  She literally assaulted me and threaten to kill me.  I could have called the police and have her arrested, but I didn't.  But needless to say, I got my shit and moved the fuck back to Illinois after that.

But ever since I've been stuck in the purgatory.  We have in the mean time made up, and are friends again.  We talk almost daily.  But at the same time, my dream is gone.  My dream of graduating from the University of Oklahoma is over.  My dream of me and her, (and our dog,) living happily ever after are gone.  And I kinda though when I moved back home, there would be a bunch of girls from back home waiting to take a shot at me.  Perhaps there were one or two, but I pretty much screwed those up with my...alcoholism and just overall not being ok with the break up yet.

Anyway...the point is that I feel...extremely alone....I very rarely see any of my friends or family.  I'm not going to school at the moment, but even if I was, it wouldn't be at my dream school of OU.  And being as I work in a bar now, I'm pretty much getting drunk every single day.  And I am having vision problems that may or may not be related to that.

Honestly, I feel sometimes like I just don't want to bother going on anymore.  I've made it 26 years.  One hundred years ago, that would be a long, accomplished life.  I really don't feel attracted to any other females, aside for a quick lay (which I haven't done.) I just feel like I have no future, nothing to look forward to, and worst of all I abandoned my family in Oklahoma (my ex-girlfriend and our dog.)

Edit: Guess I should included a **tl; dr: Depressed/suicidal during childhood, joined military and went to Iraq, saw some fucked up shit, became alcoholic, recovered and went to college out of state, left dream school due to nasty break up and financial reasons, now hopeless and depressed again.**