Life and its defeating woesDo you ever just feel defeated? 
When I say defeated, i mean life has thrown it's shit at you. Your best mate committed suicide, of which, leads to another mates suicide and during this time, the toxic girl you had gotten rid of, comes back into your life, now becoming your toxic girlfriend that you now can't escape from. 

Then each day you have to wake up for a 8-5 job that you do not enjoy, never dreamed of doing, never wanted to do and never even considered but you still wake up each morning and give the job your all because thats who you are and hey it gives you some money each week. But what do you do with that money ? You waste it on that toxic girlfriend, you know is lying to you and always has. The toxic girlfriend that you have evidence of being disloyal and having sex with someone else, not only once but for months...and to make things worse it started when your grandpa died. Yet, when you catch her out and she tells you it's all a lie and comes up with some excuse, you believe it ? Why? You deserve better don't you? Maybe you don't. Maybe this is exactly what you deserve, maybe because it's all you know. 

You have those nights when you tell her your done and your never speaking to her again and tell her that she is a lying manipulative bitch. You have those nights when you just say fuck her I dont need her, she doesn't deserve me but then some time passes, it can be hours, it can be a day but  your anger always subsides and  all you do is think about her. How much you love her, want her, miss her and crave her attention. But then you think to yourself , maybe that is the problem? You dont actually love her, you just love the attention that she gives... you can find that elsewhere , you should go do that . But no. You dont do that, you go back to her. You apologise for all the things you didn't do wrong. You continue to buy her things,  you continue to  put one effort with the hope things l will change like she promises ... it just never changea. Just like work, you hope you're going to start enjoying your job...it just never changes. Nothing seems to change for you, you are stuck in this cycle, you want to stop being this tall scrawny guy you've always known yourself to be. You want to start exercising more to gain muscle with the hope those muscles will somehow give you the power to make your problems go away.but you dont do it, you may pick up the dumb bells maybe once, but it just ends up being another weight weighing you down.. You cant find the motivation. You lose the motivation as soon as you touch them. 

While writing this you stop for a moment and think. And think more. You realise you wasted more time writing about a toxic girl than your best mate who always put you above anyone else. You  begin to realise how much of your own integrity and morals you have sacrificed for this girl. You've lost friends over this girl but more than anything, you've lost who you are and this leads you to right now, the feelings you have right now. It's 1am and it's when you know you've tried not to let life or things weigh you down but all you have each day, is a constant reminder of the person you didn't want to be .. a life you do not want. What do you do ?