Not sure what to doHi guys,

This is a throwaway account.

I’m a 30 yro, working at 6 digits annual income. When I was a teen I had a low moment in life (breakup) in which I thought of suicide and did some self harm, but these habits subsided with time.

Last year I was very close to a burnout (if not actually) and eventually changed to a new company. I moved back from abroad to my home country in the process too.

Things aren’t good at work. I’m having lousy performance (my fault), destroyed the good rep I had with several peers and dislike the company I’m currently at 

Personally my life is in shambles. I’m out of touch with close family and friends, no SO for two years after a very toxic relationship of three yrs and don’t even have a drive to change that.

Health wise I’m also at low point, consuming too much junk food and barely exercising. Also some other issues are on the back of my mind.

Following a bad week &amp; day at work, I’m feeling as if all of this came to a perfect storm and am questioning my role in life, society and it’s usefulness. I tried reaching out to friends all week but everyone was busy - my only social interaction worth noting was with my psychologist. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not a loner or an introvert, just poor luck this week.

On one hand I feel like quitting my job, taking a break in life, and starting fresh but am afraid of financial consequences. I don’t want to go around unemployed begging for work nor to be financially stressed because I don’t have money. I’m 30 and rent requires a job to get paid. The unemployment benefit id get e 1/5th of my salary (that’s how above average it is)

On the other hand, I’m feeling a lot of my old suicidal thoughts suddenly coming back as if something awoke them and made them real. I feel it’s hard to live with myself due to my personality and don’t see any point in life anymore. My work used to excite me but I find it dull; I used to care about having someone special but feel society and relationships in general are just not worth it anymore.

How to I make myself stop thinking this is the best way out?

Kind regards,
T