My father is abusive and uses me, as one of his children, as a pawn to manipulate my battered mother (sad cringe AMA?)Summary is the title. I can't leave my mom. I want to leave, I can't leave my mom. Whenever I talk about my home life with this "man" who barely deserves to be called a man, I'm always told to go to child services... They'd just take me away. They'd take me away from my mom, the rest of my siblings, her boyfriend and their new baby... I don't think that's worth it. I think I'll just have to suffer here with my father until I can be alone with my real family. I know if I sought therapy for this which I need and want, they'd label me a vulnerable child in an unstable house, and it's true. It's so true. But I can't go. If they take me away, they would take me away from my mom too and she's been through enough. She doesn't deserve that. Already my younger brother has been so brainwashed to be a sexist, violent pig at 7, and she barely gets to see him as he's constantly "would rather be with dad" and loathes our mom. My little sister recently got to see mom again, is finally being fed and bathed thank gosh, she was completely neglected for months in the past when my father just took her away and mom wasn't able to take care of her. I'm so scared to get help for this, I can't leave my family behind, leaving my father isn't worth everyone, I don't think. There's really nothing I can do. I'm trying to get back up to high school  level so I can go to 9th in August this year after being home most of the time, try to help my mom with my siblings and just... I'm not looking forward to being scared when I come home. I hated middle school when I was so scared and didn't know what was going to be going on when I came home, usually my younger siblings and mom in a pile crying being yelled at for no reason. As much as I hate it here, I feel like I need to protect everyone here, or at least take note of the situation. Being left at school is so disempowering, but I need to graduate, or at least wait until I'm old enough for a ged, work on my crippling social anxiety, try to get a job to help out somehow. Please, don't hesitate to ask any questions. I'm really a filter less open book, and honestly I really, really just want to share everything with people now. That little quiet home down the road has a lot going on inside. Ask me anything.

*And I'd rather not kill myself, but if "he"...yeah, I'd rather just kill myself than be murdered, which has threatened to kill us 