I am my friends last call for help.Please PLEASE I would appreciate any help, this is extremely urgent and I am so lost.
Also, forgive me for any grammar errors. I dont even know if this is the right sub to be posting to.

i am a 20 year old male, tattoo artist. 3 months ago I met a 19 year old girl through my Job and things hit off quite quickly. We hung out quite regularly right after we met. 
After about a week of constantly texting and hanging out, i noticed how erratic her mood was. It'd go from "butterflies and kisses" to "I hate every single person in this world including herself" in a matter of seconds. 
After a few more weeks she started getting more comfortable around me and it became more and more apparent how severely depressed she was, and so I asked her about it. we were quite open with conversations and would talk about quite a lot of things. Anyway, The first thing she said to me is that she had planned on killing herself on her birthday last year. She hadn't told anyone except for me. I sat there and listened to her talk about how shes been suicidal for years and also her years of depression, but i didn't even have anything to offer her because this is the first ever time in my life dealing with suicide, and it saddened me that i just sat there in silence. For the next couple of weeks, I'd stay over at her house and sit in her room (its a sleepout/granny flat that is not attached to her mums house) as she had meltdowns, But i never felt as if i was comforting her in any way, other than her not being alone (im not very good with words, i just dont know how to say things right). she'd say how useless i was at comforting ( she'd say al lot of things out of frustration at me) and.. i dont know i just kinda went mute after being told it so many times and it kills me that i cant comfort her with words. 
It was her 20th birthday almost 2 weeks ago and i didn't get to see her that day ( i don't have a car and i was working all day, she lives 30 minutes drive away from me) for the duration of the day I was constantly texting her and we were planning our night and then suddenly (this is around 6:30 at night when im just finishing work) she changes "I've had the shittest day ever" "i don't even want to go anywhere anymore" "just fuck off and leave me alone" "i don't want to live anymore", I texted and called her till 4 o clock in the morning and she didnt reply to either my texts or calls. I thought she was dead and i was at blame coz i didnt even make the effort to try get to her. I had been texting her the entire night saying how strong she is for making it this far even through all the pain shes gone through, and how we will celebrate her 21st birthday. She finally replied to me 11AM the next day but i was still in shock. I met up with her  as soon as I could and i seen the cuts on her arms which weren't there the previous time i had seen her. I dont know what stopped her. I mustve sent around 20-30 messages that night. Now fast forward to present time. She left 10 hrs drive back to her home town for a week long family Holiday, and i leave to Canada for 4 weeks this Saturday. I have a really strong feeling that she has been planning to take her life within these few weeks. The night before she left we were talking about relationships and why she doesn't want one with me and she says "my moods are so unpredictable i don't know whats gonna happen, i just dont want you to be all happy happy, then next minute..dead girlfriend". She has said to me that i am her last hope and i realized that through how fast our relationship had moved. Apart from all of this, we do have a great relationship and all, but I just don't know what to do, or say to her about this whole situation and i feel completely and utterly helpless. PLEASE Im begging for any help possible. Im so scared, I don't wanna lose her.
