Losing grip somewhat, not even sure if its a bad thingIve been battling depression on and off for years and years but recently things changed. I used to feel like the world was crashing around me and the pain i felt would be overwhelming at times. I used to think of suicide and i would cry, or id write spiteful, blaming letters in preperation. Now i dont cry, i dont feel sad or angry. I dont think its anyones fault. im not worried about my mum(she would understand more than anyone). I dont feel bad anymore. I feel like im done, and thats it. I almost miss all the sadness and anger because looking back those feelings let me know that i still cared enough to stay alive.

Im 24, not old but old enough to understand the world and what lays ahead. I feel like the best times of my life are behind me but mostly i feel like the world doesnt need another person like me. And i dont need the world. The system is fucked, i work a dead end job that a well trained dog could handle and its gonna absorb the next 40 years of my life. No freedom. I cant find freedom without money, I cant find money without feeling trapped in the circle. Eat, Sleep, Work, Repeat.

I know that plenty of people are trapped in the same system and handle it just fine, but i dont feel like that's who i am. Im happy to work hard, but i need purpose. I want freedom. I want to build my own shelter, hunt/grow my own food, take care of myself without someone telling me all these rules i have to follow. Honestly im hoping for some catastrophic event that sets the world back thousands of years. Then i could really live.

Ive survived the last 6 years on my love of direct competition. I fight, or i did. I was good too. I felt worthwhile. I believe humans were made to fight, we did it for thousands of years, and i loved the feeling of beating another man who was trying to do the same to me. I loved the feeling of taking a beating from someone better than me and knowing that next time i would be back better. Ive now got 3 bulged discs in my neck that put pressure on my spinal canal, causing constnat pain, numbness and migranes. ive got a useless knee and 2 wrecked elbows. I cant make it through a sparring session these days. Now im just another schmuck, and there's too many of us here already. Ive battled my injuries for the last 2 years(gaining a solid pain killer addiction in the process) cause the will to fight was too strong. Now its fading along with every thing else.

I raised myself since i was 12 years old, my mother had crippling depression and she didnt leave her bedroom until i was 20. Ive known hard times and ive known good times, but I dont know what these times are. Even in the hardest times, suicidal times, there was a basic instinct to survive. I feel that has passed. Im lonely, but i dont want anyone near me. I want to live, but not in this world and im happily losing the battle right now. Any advice?

Ive felt the good things of life, but right now cant see how i'll ever have them again. I wouldnt kill myself out of anger, sadness, self pitty. none of that. Simply because my time has passed. There's nothing for me to contribute to this planet anymore. I could join the system but that would be a complete and total defeat of the person i was born to be. I feel that defeat every damn day these days. The person i was born to be has had his time, and now its just a shell left in a ridiculous world.