After 9 years I just honestly think it's time to quit (x-post from r/depression)(I had posted this to the depression sub, but after a day,  and it getting buried.. I just deleted it cause no one read it anyway, like no one will probably read this cause it's so long but whatever)

I'll be turning 30 year, and lucky to get to 40 but really I've been dead since 21.

It took 6 years just to get a proper, real diagnosis. Wegener's Granulomatosis. An atypical case though, which is why it took so long and went unmissed (that insurance/financial issues). Wegener's is an auto-immune disease. Symptoms treatable, shortened lifespan, no cure. Generally has lung and kidney involvement, neither of which I had in the beginning, but in atypical cases can attack the sinus and eyes, which it did in me.

After nearly 9 years of this pain and BS. Having to sign on to disability, then my mom dying, brother left for Florida, dad getting sick, and every real life "friend" having faded away after getting tired of me being sick. Also a woman who I loved and was with at the beginning leaving me *because* I got sick. Multiple surgeries and hospital stays. I want to quit.

Not once throughout all this did I ever ask or accept any sort charity, I reluctantly signed on, and only after my mom basically forced me. I made a friend through a autoimmune/prednisone support. We PMed for some time, sharing stories, then she told me about GoFundMe, and how someone she worked with set one up for her a while back for her needs and she was lucky enough to get support, and tried convincing me to do it. I didn't want to, but she offered to make the page and write up bio of me and my events, and how we met, etc. 

I finally caved and let her do it, cause I literally have no options left. Don't worry, I'm not gonna post the link here. I'd just have (and probably will anyway) just have even more people send me emails and messages about how either my story is BS or I'm a lowlife beggar, or how I should just kill myself since I'm so sick and not worth wasting resources on.

I have no one. No real life relationships anymore. 2 people that I once called friends actually return my call/messages, sometimes, but still haven't been to visit in over 3 months. The rest just ignore me. I stopped going facebook and checking my emails a couple weeks ago after the page was up for a bit but gained only a handful of shares but no support. I got plenty of ext. family sending PMs full of "I'll pray for you!!!" Yeah..... real helpful. The only reason I was even sill barely hanging around online was to talk to Kelsey once in a while (this is my first time back on reddit in a while even). But I guess she's even too busy to deal with anymore and considers me a lost cause. Last message from her was just "I'm so sorry it didn't get shared a bunch and take off, probably won't now. I'm so sorry! :(" And that was that.

Now I sit here, with 2 refills of meds, and no way to any one of my 4 doctors (PCP, along with ENT, Eye, and Rheum), and no one around but my sick, aging dad who I have to take care of now even though I'm fucking dying and I just can't take it. I want to quit playing this stupid game, what's the godamn point. I'm in so much pain and everyone's left me. I have nothing and no one.

My dad can move back in with one of his sisters permanently. He only comes around and stays sometimes out of pity but he's getting too sick himself. I wanna leave, and never return. Just make up a story about meeting someone online and wanting to move in with them. But just borrow a couple hundred from one of those speedy cash loan places, like they'll ever get it back, and get a bus tickest to some place.. and that will be that.

(if you're even slightly curious or think I'm full of BS [Here's is what I'm supposed to look like](http://i.imgur.com/bL8q8fG.jpg?1), and [a bad day](http://i.imgur.com/MKjnI6I.jpg?1), and (this one is rough for me to even look at even now, [a REALLY bad day right before my last surgery in 2013](http://i.imgur.com/lYi4Xw0.jpg?1).

Best case scenario, I live another 10-15 years with random flare ups... really crappy declining years fill with nasty meds, chemo , and radiation possibly and also numerous more days/weeks spent in hospital.

So you tell me, why shouldn't I take control and do the only thing I can and just end it myself instead of letting the disease win? Exactly.
