I need help and I don't know where to begin..To everyone I'm the life of the party and I know it, I try my damnedest to be helpful, caring, and funny. I love to be liked and admired. I learned early on in life that no one likes a downer, an angry person, or a sad person. So since I was a child I've suppressed any of my problems for the greater good, working to solve my problems on my own as to not bring anyone down with my problems or negative thoughts. Most people will NEVER know I don't like them or that I don't like something.

Most people don't know I've been abused by my parents, that I've been bullied, that I've seen death, that I've had friends and mentors commit suicide, that I'm a sexual addict, or that I have major financial issues.

A few years ago I heavily contemplated suicide because I felt no one would ever understand me and I dug myself too deep with my persona of being the guy everyone loved to be around. If I just came out one day and said "hey I have major depression issues, hate most of you, and have a lot of debt." I figure most people would refute such things as a plea for attention and not the truth. I joined the military and now things are worse. I've been in 3 years and have known a dozen marines to die, most to suicide. I've had mentors, friends, and leaders kill themselves because they couldn't escape their lives. I've been hazed, spit on, and oppressed. I've seen a man get shot in the back and I've seen wives and children crying at funerals.

The whole time I've been in I've been the guy for marines to lean on, the guy people counted on to liven up the work environment and motivate us through the day. I've always played the middle ground caretaker and smart ass. No one I work with and no one back home knows how much shit I have in my head.

Recently I've been heavily contemplating suicide a lot. Sitting in my truck with the windows up, engine running, and letting the carbon monoxide slowly poison me. Twice now I've sat for an hour and only felt a little light headed. Last night after a great night with friends; laughing, singing, and drinking. I found myself alone in my room and realized that even though my night was truly great, I still want to die. I took two more shots and puked and fell asleep. Thank the old gods for those two more shots of vodka. I'm confident if I had stayed awake I would've drove to the nearest and highest bridge and jumped.

I woke up this morning feeling like absolute shit and completely alienated. I know my life is a lie and I need help..I have no fucking clue where to begin.

I'm sitting here drunk in front of my computer reaching out to reddit because I'm too afraid to seek help in person, I can't let my peers see me so low.. what do I do?