I am rambling. I'm sorryI tried making a post here before but i kept deleting it before i would post out of fear, sorry for disturbing anyone at all. Sorry if this isn't the right place
I'm very anxious about posting anything so here i go

I have very low self esteem and a next to no confidence. Of which the no confidence part only makes the low self esteem part worse. I've physically hurt myself on multiple occasions and now i have been closer to cutting myself. I have a strong fear of rejection where even if it isn't rejection I'll take it as rejection. I'm very self conscious and even jokes making fun of me hurt me. I have my suicide planned out already, its one of the few comforting things I have. I have lost interest in almost all of my previous hobbys, these last ones are the only things stopping me from just deleting everything and abandoning any chance I could be liked. I don't trust anyone anymore and most people in my life either hate me or show signs of hating me. I know what I do is irrational but I can't stop. 

I feel like I can't belong anywhere, that'll I'll fail regardless of how hard I try. I'm a failure of a decent person that can't do basic shit and doesn't even have the guts to just flat out say what's wrong  out of fear of others. I thought that I would become less suicidal after a while but It only got worse but everything is becoming more boring to me. My suicidal thoughts and tendencies have become less like low points but more like a common thought.


I'm gonna ramble about an event that shouldn't be affecting me as much as it is. I just want to ramble since small things affect me too much :s
I don't feel comfortable talking about it fully but I will say what I am comfortable with.

I was accepting that they a certain group that i knew hated me completely and I was moving slightly on by removing everything related to them, trying to get rid of any ways that I would hurt them and myself just from being active or posting somewhere they like. Plus a paranio of them talking about how horrible even  if i did something as simple as be online. Until a recent "happy event" occurred where they would see I'm still active there. I tried getting the one making it to leave me out of it but they kept bullshiting me and In my opinion, they were trying to guilt me into staying. They kept me in it after. A member of the group saw it, they commented, people were happy they were back, someone asked again what happened, (I'm tired of people asking what happend. Doesn't matter if you're not asking me, I'm sick of dealing with the paranoia of them hating me after they are told what happened) I asked them to stop, the group member then replied and It was clear they still hate me and that the think I'm speaking for them (I'm not, refer to my first note please), I can't describe what I'm thinking or how i feel but I deleted all previous interactions with the community. One of the reasons why the situation (the whole one not just this) affects me is because i genuinely like the community and it was the first one where I didn't chicken out and tried acting like myself. On the off chance they would ever see this I will leave the community and hobby all together for you to join them again and make them happy. I'm sorry.

Does anyone here have somewhere were I can talk to a suicide hotling online without giving my zip/postal code? I really need one please.

Sorry for rambling and bugging this sub. 





