I turn 30 in 2 days. I have no job. May end up homeless very soon. I can't hold down a job. I have severe mental problems. PLEASE HELP!My parents are going to sell the house which means I will be "on my own" possibly soon.  Not sure how soon, might be even a year or so but it won't be too long.



All my life I have had extreme anxiety and panic attacks which have only gotten worse and worse.  I was never taken to a therapist when I was a child even though my panic attacks in school were a major issue and I was never able to afford to see one as an adult because I have no insurance.


I've been NEET (Not Employed in Education or Training) for most of my adult life.  I had a few jobs but I never lasted more than a few months.  In my adult life if you totaled up all the months I worked it would probably add up to about a year.  Even minimum wage, dead end, low responsibility jobs were too much for me to handle.



I don't know what my mental issues even ARE.  I begged my parents to take me to a therapist but they didn't want to pay the money.  They pretty much just told me to suck it up.



My anxiety, depression and panic attacks have only gotten WORSE with age, not better.  



There is no way I can realistically support myself.  I've looked into SSI but apparently you need proof of YEARS of treatment from a doctor, and even then the odds are low of getting approved for things like depression and anxiety.


I have no friends and no family is willing to help me.  



This seems like the end.  Once everything is final and I imminently have to move out I am ending it.  What scares me is the suffering, not the death itself.  I only have 4 dollars in cash and less than 20 dollars left in my bank account, that's not enough to buy the things I will need for the suicide method I want.  I want to just fade away peacefully.  I guess I will have to find another method.


Do you guys have ANY ideas?  I am 100 percent convinced I can not work and that I am mentally disabled.  Is there some way to make money online where I can go at my own pace and not deal with people in person?  



Also don't lecture me to buy health insurance.  I can not afford it.  Don't tell me "there are cheap plans for only a couple hundred a month" because my income is ZERO and my net worth is 20 bucks.


Just to be clear I'm not asking for money, I need a **REALISTIC** idea and strategy to support myself in the future.  I can't stress the "realistic" part enough.


PMs are welcome and encouraged even.   