I’ve been suicidal for 5 years but never actually attempted it, I’m getting really fucking close and it’s all my fault.At the end of year 6 (age 10/11) I had a suicidal breakdown in front of my entire class, that’s when I mark the point that I was first truly suicidal. I’m 15 now so it’s been roughly 5 years since that point. I also mark that point as the point of no return for my mental health. Ever since that day I don’t think I’ve ever felt truly happy. Not once. I was bullied my entire school life, from age 5 to 14. After my little suicidal breakdown I was diagnosed with Aspergers, ADD, Clinical Depression and anxiety. That was the first time anyone realised there was anything wrong with me. I had to scream and cry about wanting to die in front of 30 kids and like 6 teachers for anyone to realise there was something wrong. My primary school was terrible, they didn’t do anything to help me, at all. And my first secondary school was genuinely the worst school in the area for someone like me. They had the shittiest mental health help I’d ever seen. And I had to sit through it for 3 or 4 years until I finally took action and walked out and never came back. I tried a managed move to a new school but I fucked it up. So me and my mum decided it was best if I was homeschooled. For the last year or so I’ve been “homeschooled” aka not actually doing any of the work  and just laying around not working like I’m meant to because neither of us can be bothered to do it, but that break from the stress of school did start to make my mental health a small bit better... and then it all went to shit again... back in like February I started dating for the first time in 5 years and... well I’m a really big cheat... like... I cheated so much... I cheated with 8 people at once one time, I’ve cheated on my current girlfriend with like 20 people in total but she’s never found out... and also with relationships at this age came “pictures” it mainly started 6 months ago with a girl, she sent me somewhere around 10 pictures over a 4 month period and 2 months ago her family went through her phone and saw our conversations and what she’d sent me. The police got involved and took her phone. When that happened I told a friend and she snitched on me. Last week the police came to my door. They questioned me about the situation and took my phone. There was nothing left of her on it but... there were something like 100 pictures and videos of other girls, most younger then me... some up to 3 or more years younger. Almost entirely underage. It was on that day I realised that was the point that I have to make a promise to myself. If I lose two specific people I’m done. I’m killing my self. Those people were my “Bestfriend” (and ex), and my girlfriend. Yesterday I told that best friend that I still had feelings for her. She decided to tell my girlfriend. She was right to do so, I know that. But I got very angry and I blocked her. So that’s one reason not to kill myself gone. And this hurt my girlfriend, bad. It’s heavily damaged our relationship and all trust is gone for her... I’m really worried I won’t have her by the end of the week... I did this to myself but i made the promise. If I lose her I’m done. I’m... not sure why I made this post... I guess I just had to get it out, I’m wrapped up in so many lies with everyone that I don’t have anyone I can tell everything.... 