I'm just tired...I've been having problems with depression and anxiety ever since way back in middle school. I don't remember how it started, or when exactly. I honestly don't remember the last time I didn't feel this way. I've been seeing a therapist and taking meds as far back as middle school.

And the worst part is I don't really have any reason to be sad or depressed. I have family, friends, and an S/O all who care about me. I have a job that pays my bills. I want to be a musician and I have the means to make that dream a reality. But I still don't get any joy out of living. I don't ever feel happy, or satisfied or content. Not even on a surface level. The only emotions that I ever feel are hopelessness, fear, anger, and emptiness. 

Nothing happens to me. I feel trapped, like I'm not supposed to be here. It's so incredibly hard for me to get out of bed in the mornings. It feels like anything I could be doing with my day would be functionally the same as lying in bed. I get as much joy from being unconscious as I would from spending time with people that I care about or doing things that I like.

It feels like it's affecting me physically. I'll sometimes get this tingling sensation, dizziness, I get uspset to my stomach.

I tried seeing a psychiatrist in the last couple of months of 2016. I thought maybe he could figure out something that's wrong with me. Instead he just threw more meds at me. In my last appointment I had with him, he asked me about my symptoms in some extremely vague way. I tried explaining to him what I was feeling, and he was visibly unsatisfied with my answers. He got upset with me, and I asked to use the bathroom, and just drove home. I don't even know if I care enough to try and find another one.

I feel like I should do something about this, if not for my own sake then for the people that care about me. But I've been trying for so long, I don't really know if I care anymore. I can't imagine anything about my life that could be changed to make it any better. No amount of money, or beautiful possessions. I don't want better hair or a better face or a better body. Really at this point all that I want is to die. Evey waking moment of my life is nothing but pain, and I just want it to be over.