I want to do this and I am starting to be alright with itI am 23 years old female. My family is middle-class to wealthy, both my parents are doctors. Now if you're like the majority, you probably see only the surface of the situation, which is the financial stability part - trust me, money itself is not a reason to live. 

I was depressed since my early teenager period : my parents were busy all the time, I didn't have emotional support when I needed and I developed into a fragile, confused and nervous adolescent. This obviously didn't help with all the usual problems that adolescents face later on, so I got my first hit when I had a relationship and when it was over, I was bullied by the group of friends of my ex-boyfriend. I think I got so damaged then that my next years were completely awful and I was only a shadow of myself. 
I am neurotic, I am frustrated, I am empty. I lost my friends through my life and even though my parents tell that they love me, I didn't have them when I needed them, I had only their money and money doesn't make up for everything. 
I have a lot of regrets in this life, because I hear all the time about how other people of my age had great experiences with their families, they went to many places, they have fun together, and I had none of those things. Also, I didn't socialize the way I wanted to do it, because I felt depressed and frazzled all the time, so I didn't go out with friends, I didn't fell in love, I didn't have any color in my life in the past 10 years. 

I know people don't care about me also, because I'm rich and rich people aren't allowed to complain about life. Everyone knows that "money can't buy happiness", but when you're a person with money, don't you dare to express your unhappiness, because no one is going to listen. 

I had some points in my life when I wanted to commit suicide, but something always stopped me from doing it, most likely the fear of dying. Now I'm discovering strangely that this fear is not there anymore. I also don't care about sympathy, I'm not doing this for attention, I really couldn't care less about what people are going to say about it or if they are going to just forget about it. 
My mind is somehow a completely empty and unemotional place right now, in which I simply don't care about anything anymore.

 I know many people call me spoiled, ungrateful, and think that I'm not entitled to feel depressed or suicidal, but at the same time, I know that I'm not doing this for fun and I know how much I tried to fix this. 
I loved life as a kid, I had so many plans, and even through my early adulthood I had brief periods when I saw the beauty of life and I know life is beautiful, but I feel somehow broken deep inside and I don't think that I will ever recover. 
I know I could just continue this life - what for ? 
I hate seeing myself getting more and more destroyed every day. I hate looking in the mirror and seeing that pale face, those tired eyes and that joyless face. I hate this enormous black cloud that is in my head every day from sunrise to sunset, never letting me rest or feel any happiness in this life. 
I was always a warrior all my life, never backed off a battle, but it just comes to an end. I don't have anyone or anything to live for. It's pointless. 