I have thoughts working against me**Trigger warning: suicide, selfharm**

Waking up on the floor in the middle of the night with a deep cut in your wrist..

U remember doing it, but also not fully agreeing or being aware doing it..

I lost control. I can't control my thoughts. It's not voices. It's like thoughts to harm yourself or others, being so strong and pushy, u start doing it to be free of that feeling. It's a battle in my head. "Cut your arm", while I'm also thinking "No, don't. There is no reason for it. Everything is okay".

These weeks I noticed these 'battling thoughts' were present previous year as well. I would draw them as me, a white wolf, and the thoughts trying to convince me to kill myself, a black wolf with no pupils.

When I was having a difficult time, and a friend told me during a discusion to kill myself, those thoughts came up, constantly fighting so badly. "Leave the house now and try to kill yourself" and "Go to your mom NOW cuz it's gonna go wrong". I wrote a letter while those thoughts were both present. Then I dissociated and came back to reality after I just had cut my wrist really bad in a forest. Went to the hospital for stitches and stuff. My mom told me the letter came over like it was a suicide letter but at the same time me begging them to go find me.

So when I had a little discusion with a group of friends, I also had these thoughts battling again. One thought I won't mention as I don't want to give people any ideas for harming &lt;3, and one to just go to bed. I ended up just automatically doing my bad thoughts. I was aware of doing it, but I didn't feel like I was doing something wrong. And then I kinda was aware of myself again, sitting on the floor. Noticing I had cut my wrist again.

The post is in this subreddit cuz mostly the bad thoughts are suicidal ones. and I'm scared I'm gonna do something if those thoughts continue to try to convince me. And again: It's not voices. It's my thoughts. According to my psychologist it's not OCD.