I suffered through college majoring in a field I don't care about. Now I can't find a job in my field or any other field, and I might just end it all.So I majored in linguistics. Suffered intractable, horrific depression through my entire undergrad and managed to do really well (in exchange for intense suffering—hospitalization, all nighters, energy drinks, ruined health and relationships) until last year, where I took independent study classes that crushed me (turns out I don't really care about linguistics) and the coronavirus made things really fucking difficult for me. Not that doing really well in linguistics FUCKING MATTERS because no one gives a SHIT about linguistics. 

I managed to pull off magna and Phi Beta Kappa but guess who cares? NO ONE. I have four years of research experience and co-authored a paper and presented at a conference. NO ONE CARES. I have a minor in computer science. Great. NO ONE GIVES A SHIT. No one needs linguistics researchers, and no one wants minors in computer science when there's majors spilling out the wazoo, and I don't want to go to grad school in linguistics or whatever other field I don't care about. So much entitlement, right? I worked hard, but I worked hard at the wrong fucking thing, and now it's all worth nothing. 

I was about to kill myself earlier this summer so I took acid to see if it could sort me out. I realized that I was morbidly depressed because I had been overworking myself to death because I was trying to prove to myself that I could force myself to love linguistics and succeed in the field because I didn't major in biology like I wanted to, deep down, because I fucking hate my parents and I didn't ever want them to push me to medical school. Now I know that I should have studied insects like I always wanted to. But I've been talking to people and it's looking increasingly unlikely that I can get into entomology programs at all. 

All that overachieving for nothing. My friend, who did the bare minimum all four years and is headed to a PhD program in school counseling, had the right idea. I thought she was an idiot, but she was actually leagues smarter than me. Summers off, never out of demand, enough money to live a nice, average life. She knew what she wanted, and she did exactly enough work to get it. She spent the rest of her time enjoying life, and I was a cranky, mean, miserable asshole through college.

So here I am, can't find a job, can't earn money, can't take more classes for grad school, can't do ANYTHING, after six fucking years of wanting to kill myself EVERY FUCKING DAY. I can't even get a job at fucking Target. I'm feeling stuck, that's all. And I think I should get it over with. I've been staring death in the face for such a long time and I feel complete at peace with it. I've practiced dying over and over and I'm more than ready.

If you're majoring in linguistics, get a second major, you fucking idiot. No one knows what linguistics is except other linguists. At least make sure you actually like linguistics unlike me.