my lone storyBefore I start my name is Josh and I am 23 I like playing video games and at least used to and like to draw but also used to and like many other things but for now this will do. This writing might be messy as I feel like I am not good about talking/writing to other people or even talking/writing about myself. My Story starts when I was 2-6 where I was locked inside my room living with my mom and dad. My dad would lock me inside my room whenever my mom would go to work. Everyday I had to stay locked inside my room playing with my toys and games but one day when I was around 6 years old, I decided I would escape that locked room which I did and have twice. Once was through the door when I went outside and out to the road and stopped and returned for whatever reason and the second is when I escaped through the window and almost had my first death experience. I went out to the train tracks during night when sometime later a train was on its way and at the last possible 3 seconds or so I jumped out of the way onto a back porch of some house then some neighbors called the cops and had to move away from my dad with my mom. For the next three years I lived pretty okayish with my mom and her new bf. Moving foward to when I am 9 years old my dad was in contact again and wanted to know if I wanted to go over to visit him sometimes like on the weekends which I said yes to. I had a good time visiting my dad for awhile until he became someone I couldn't like. We went on a little vacation with me, my dad, his gf and half-sister to a beach where I almost had my second death experience. When I was playing on the beach near some water, the water had caught me and I was being taken in deeper into the ocean which My dad and everyone else clearly saw but I was on my own on getting myself out of the situation where I was almost about to drown and took in some water but eventually I got myself out. Also in the same year in 3rd grade at school I had a another near death experience where I almost choked on some lunch food but was lucky enough to have someone get a teacher/grown-up to help me. Now move forward one year later which would make me 10 years old. This is when my dad abandoned me over some stupid reason. I came home from school and usually to get in I would need to knock on the door but I knocked on the door a lot and didn't get let in, so I went to the neighbors for awhile then came back to try again I was let in but then the neighbor came over and yelled at my dad which at that point he had enough with me and decided he didn't give a crap about me and abandoned me. So my mom and her bf had to pick me up. This is when my deep anger basically was born and I was just angry all the time. In this year I was also diagnosed with Autism and was on a disablity thing. So for the next year while I was in fourth-fifth grade I was angry and didn't care about much people feelings had my usual bullies at school that I could deal with but at home I also had to deal with a bully that was in my neighborhood who was a female and threatened me with her dog so I just couldn't do anything. Also in the same year I also had another two near death experiences where I was choking on some lollipops/suckers which was more dangerous because my stepdad was punching my back to try to help which was not helping but somehow I got lucky enough to cough it out. Then when I was 11 years old on halloween, I finally made my first friend and I was kind of getting happier at that point because before that point I had zero friends. Now for the next 3/ 3 1/2 Years we were pretty good friends we would play outside a lot, play video games a lot and just hang out. Now forward to when I was 14 years old I was in eigth grade when I was in my class until my teacher pulled me out of class to tell me some extremely grave news. I was told that my friend had died, my best friend had died. At that point after school was over and after I got back home I had stayed in my room for about a week and decided to not go to school during that week, I was upset and crying and my heart felt broken. He died due to leukemia cancer which I knew he had because he told me had it 6 months before he died due to the fact that for the next 6 months I hadn't been able to see him. Then after awhile I had my 6th near death experience which I still to this day don't understand what happened but one night I just suddenly jumped awoken but instead of being awake normally, I was awake grasping for air badly. It had gone on for about 20-30 seconds when I finally was able to breath again. I'm not sure if it was a panic attack or something but I thought I was going to die. Now at this point I felt so lost but decided to try to find friends online due to the fact that after my best friend had died I became terrified of talking IRL. So for next year I played a lot of videogames and was able to find a couple of friends. At this point I was 15 years old and in ninth grade where a new type of hell was waiting for me. I got bullied even worse in this high school than any other time but I couldn't do nothing about this bully for the bully was a female. So I just had to take her insults and go on with my day. I tried to get the school to help with them doing something about bully but in the end they didn't even help. After being bullied for awhile a girl I didn't know started to try to become my friend and tried to cheer me up and tried to make me smile. It was nice having someone care for me but I was so terrified of talking to others that I couldn't say much to her but she still tried to show kindness and in the end I eventually pushed her away. I switched schools 2 years later. I was 17 years old at this point where eventually my online gaming life is now starting to take a hit. At this point my friends started to betray me, abandon me and even backstab me. I was just so mad and was ready to possibly leave this world behind but then one of the friends I thought who would abandon me came back to me and decided to stick with me. Now later that year when I was 17 years old turning 18 years old, My IRL situation at school was just getting so bad that I couldn't handle it at school anymore, I had no IRL friends, no one wanted to talk to me and I felt like a ghost mainly due to the fact that even my teachers didn't even notice me entering the classroom a lot of the time and I wasn't even being sneaky or anything it made me feel alone. So once I hit 18 years old I decided to drop out from school I just couldn't handle the pressure anymore. So for the next 5 years I decided to hang out with the only friend I had left for the next five years. In was in that last year that this friend had started to betray and abandon me. In that last year he lied to me so much and finally he had given up on me. This was 3 months ago or so when I am writing this now. I now have zero friends, the only person I have is my mom but we don't talk that much. I feel so alone now with no other people to talk to, it hurts so much that a part of me wishes to die. I want friends but I don't know how to make some anymore. I feel like I have lost the ability on how to make friends and my social skills suck. I also am losing interest in my hobbies that I used to find fun but it is not fun anymore. I have tried going on to social sites/chat sites to try to find people to talk to and maybe play games with and even tried to go to discord but I am terrified of talking to people even from behind my computer. I have accepted that I will probably die alone and will never find that partner. I'm getting close to that breaking point where I might end it but I don't know. I have suicidal thoughts almost every single day but usually can just put them off no problem, but now I am actually wondering if I should. I feel so lonely. I wish I had friends to hang out with and play games with but I don't know if I ever will. I just want all my lives to run out I have survived way too many times and just feel like dying, I just don't feel like fighting for much longer. Sorry for making this post so long, and it might be a little bit messy too.