I struggled with suicide after my best friend died, I know it is mostly focused on becoming sober but I also know there may be someone here who might not feel so alone after reading my story. There is always hope, just remember that when al feels lost.Today will mark 1 year and 6 months I haven’t had a drop of alcohol in me. 

I want to tell you all my story as it may help some in need and reassurance that you can get better.

Be the change you wish to see.

My sobriety has come bu my choice to change, to never be under the influence of that devil again, ever.

No one told me I had to, I did this for myself.

In January of 2016 I quit smoking weed and May of that year I graduated from Avtec, I was building a cabin that fall with my then wife and we were on our way to a happy life. 

That fall Steven has helped me build it and we were putting in a foundation for his cabin behind mine on my parents property, we were doing it! We were building our homes.

Around the end of November my mother went to Idaho because my grandfather was loosing his battle with cancer, she told me one night on the phone I should fly down and see him as it may be the last time I get to.

I went to the store the night before my flight and as I was leaving I saw Steven, I told him I would be back in a week and that my grandpa wasn’t doing so well, I gave my best friend a hug and told him I loved him.

On the day I flew home from down south I got a call that changed my life. I had landed in anchorage and when I turned on my phone I had several missed called and two voicemails, one from dad and one from Ashley, I had a text from her that said call me. 

When she answered she was shook, something wasn’t right. She told me Steven had been hit and killed on the highway and was dead.

This is what pain feels like, this is what hell is. I didn’t even winch and tears flooded my face, the guy sitting next to me asked what was wrong and I just said ever so calmly “my best friend just died.”

I sat there at the airport waiting to go to Kenai shocked and fucked up. It hadn’t hit me hard yet, about half way home in the sky I turned to a baby. I’ve never cried that hard ever, I shook, i trembled and was a mess.

My two good friends John and Jess were waiting for me at the airport along with Ashley, I saw John and fell into his chest sobbing in disbelief, this can’t be happening.

The ride to my parents house I screamed and kicked and was mad and sad all in the same emotion. 

Words will not be able to describe how I felt.

I went home that night and had a drink, I drank enough to go to sleep. When I woke up the next day I was screaming and crying. This went on for the next few weeks.

Brad moved back from Utah that month of December, I think he came back cuz he knew I needed him more than ever. I don’t know why he came back but I was so grateful to have him.

I had spiraled Into a bad way I was 330 pounds, my side hurt every morning and I was drinking a bottle to two bottle of liquor a night, I couldn’t even tell you the amount of beer I would drink either. I was an over weight asshole, a complete monster who didn’t give a fuck. I was hiding a habit I had from my loved ones and even my closest of friends and people who cared about me didn’t know how bad it was, I was throwing up blood and if I didn’t have a drink in the morning I shook. 

July of 2017 my grandpa passed away, guess what I did. Drink.

A year and a few weeks after my brother and best friend was killed and several months after grandpa died I tried chewing on a barrel, it was a rough week of extreme suicidal thoughts and self harm, I wanted to be dead. I was a fingers flinch away from seeing Steven.

And I hated life and hated what I had become.

I called my grandmother in tears one night after loading a .45, i stammered out a cry for help. She called my mother and soon my mom came over to see me. 

At that point we decided it was time to go to treatment, as much as I did not want to do it I went, I was on Xanax and smoking more weed than anyone should. I was fucked up in and out. That’s when I stoped drinking.

 I went to a suicide treatment center in Anchorage Alaska, when I returned home 10 days later I stayed with a very good friend and brad and he let us live at his house while I pulled myself together. My wife at the time had started to distant herself from the  situation, rightfully so. I was mean when I drank and though I never was physical, emotional abuse hurts just as much of not more. I will be the first to admit it and say I was wrong, so extremely wrong. It sickens me to think I was once that animal and that version of Lane should have had his ass kicked many times over. 

During the month of January 2018 I smoked weed and took Xanax till I found a rehab that would take me in. Here I come Arizona, I asked my good friend Wesley to fly with me to Arizona, I didn’t trust myself to go alone.

On the last flight to Nevada from Seattle someone had stole my bottle of Xanax from my backpack, I freaked out.. but being the party animal I had become I always kept pills in my wallet, I had 5 10 milligram bars left so I went to the bar, ordered a beer and a double shot popped the pills and drank the last sip of alcohol I’ve had in a year and a half. Got on the plane and went to sleep.

When I had woke up in Las Vegas we went to the grey hound station to get on a bus to go to Arizona, Inwas still buzzing hard off that pill and booze concoction, feeling amazing I walked out onto the street to smoke a cigarette and a huge black guy walked up and asked if I wanted to party as he pulled out what looked like an 8 ball of cocaine. I was thrilled, everything in me wanted to go with him, but as I was about to make a bad decision Wesley called me over as our bus was getting ready to leave.

That devil guy works in mysterious ways too my friends.

I got on the bus and we went to rehab, 8 hours later we are in Mesa Arizona, I gave Wesley a hug and told him I loved him and thank you as I entered rehab on February 12 2018, my sober date, this is where I would spend the next two months learning how to live a life without drugs or alcohol.

My ex wife had stopped all communication at this time and it was driving me crazy, I hadn’t understood how much of an asshole I was and thought she would be happy I was getting better. Every call I made to her I said I was sorry in voicemails, never a response.

After those two months my emotion state of mind was collapsing as I had not heard from her at all, confused and conflicted with myself I decided it was time to go home. I had missed Valentine’s Day, our wedding anniversary and her birthday, I felt very bad about it but I had to fix myself.

I returned home, when I did my family didn’t know what to expect or think. I didn’t either.

She had been posting photos of her with another guy on social media and she looked very happy. I kinda knew this was going to happen about half way through rehab. 

The second day home I arrived at my ex’s cabin and asked what was going on, she had moved on. She claimed to have wrote me a letter on our anniversary stating it was over, I never received this letter.

I decided my sobriety was the most important thing and that I wanted to make it to a year and focus only on that, that is what I did.

When the plane is getting ready to crash they say to make sure you put on the oxygen mask first before you help anyone else, so I pulled my mask on.

I thought I should go to bethel with brad, that’s where we worked all summer and we had a blast, I was smoking weed and enjoying my life without booze.

We made it all summer in the bush and decided to live to Colorado where I got a job making pizzas at a local ma and pa pizza shop, the owners and co workers treated me like family and supported me being sober. When I reached my one year mark on February I had a problem.

What now?

Back to bethel, that’s where I was all summer, working and enjoying another Alaskan summer.

A little over a month ago my scoutmaster and mentor Doc had several emergency surgeries and we nearly lost him. So I did what I do when emotional pain comes around, I got stoned.

When I was smoking with a friend I began a coughing fit and took myself to the bathroom, this is where I hacked up a huge black/greyish lung luggy that had a large amount of blood in it.

I remember back to throwing up blood from drinking so much because I missed my friend that was killed, I was doing the same thing I had done with alcohol. That was the last night I smoked weed. I’ve been clean of marijuana for over a month now and am onto new brighter things.

Now I get to help my scoutmaster get back to health and I couldn’t be more happy and proud of myself, because I wouldn’t have been asked to do this if I was still constant fucked up.

I wanted to share this with anyone who might need to hear it, I don’t share this to gloat or to tell a horror story for attention, this is for me so I can remember how real it was, how bad things can get. Addiction is a hell of a ride, it will take all your dignity, it’ll strip you of your family and it WILL KILL YOU! 

I was lucky enough to pull my head outta my ass and realize there is more to this life that getting fucked up daily.

I am sorry to all of those who I have hurt in the past and I hope one day you can forgive me for my wrong doings.

All I can say now is just wait and watch.

Thank you for reading this, please if you feel the need to share with someone struggling feel free to.