Is it really worth it?This may be a little on the long side, just hear me out

When I was young, my father was a source of love and great inspiration. When I was 10 his business went under and he and my mother divorced. Within a month he was gone and we (Me, my brother and my mother) were living in a new house. From there things went from bad to worse. I was neglected and (most likely through lack of discipline on my own part) my physical health declined rapidly. I had also managed to weasel my way into online school...I never left the computer. On top of all of this, my mother began dating again. One day I got into a very serious physical fight with one of her boyfriends and the cops got involved. I spent ten days in juvy and met some people that I can never forget about...even if I tried. After my release, My father stepped back in and decided that there is no way i'm living with my mother again. He sent me to a therapeutic boarding school in South Carolina after a week of destroying himself to find out what to do with me. 

While there, I met tons of great people who loved and supported each other as though they were family. Things began looking up for my during my stay, I lost a lot of excess weight and I was feeling better about myself than I had ever had. After three months I was given devastating news...I was being pulled so that I could live with my new step-mom. (My dad at this point has become a cruise ship captain and is gone 90% of the time). Within a week or two I am on a plane heading away from South Carolina and heading towards New Jersey. Everything at this point seemed much grayer in my life. My network of support vanished before my eyes and the lush forest-y environment had been swapped out for decaying walls and concrete before I even had time to think about it. 

My new step-mother was, in as few words as possible, a bitch. From the second I walked in the door see basically verbally announced that she hated me and would prefer for me not to be in her life. We would fight constantly and eventually her words began to sink in. I felt as though I was just an annoyance, a flaw in a otherwise perfect design. Everything that I knew, my hometown, my friends, were all gone and all I heard was how much life would be better for everyone if I was gone to. The only thing I was holding onto at that point was my father, whom I kept in contact with via phone. One day he got mad, he was yelling at me to make it work with my step-mom and that it was my fault. And just like that, my last support fell out from under me.

I wrote my suicide note and went into the bathroom. I grabbed a razor blade and...did nothing. As much as I wanted to die at that point, I couldn't bring myself to do it. I ripped up the note and cried myself to sleep.

Later my dad realized that this wasn't going to work and got another divorce...I think he still blames me. We left for my hometown to start life fresh. he had a few months off and our plan was to figure everything out by the time he had to go to work. It didn't go as planned. I ended up drinking myself into a stupor every night (Without my dads knowledge) and dwelling on the memories of this past year. My grades began to fail quickly and old demons arose with me going back to my old school. The time came for him to have to go to work and we had no plans made whatsoever. 

I am currently at my grandmothers and I feel like there is no future for me either way. I've been told by every adult that I have opened up to that nothing ever gets better, that when you grow up life gets worse. Well, life has come to quickly and i'm just not ready for it. I have become so disillusioned with the world that I don't even see the point of getting up anymore...Some days I just wish I had the balls to do it, To escape the world and all the problems in it.

