I don't feel like a human anymoreI'm 24 y/o but still living with my parents. I live in a same childhood room where I grew up as a kid. In a flat. My mother is an alcoholic and my father's health isn't very good also. I'm working the same minimum wage job for like 5 years now and I hate it. Before that I was at college for a while after high school but I was just so dumb and depressed. I stopped caring about my future when I was like 16 y/o. I thought I will kill myself before my 18 birthday but I never did it. So I ended up like this. 2 years ago I started to smoke weed and I'm smoking daily to escape my fucking thoughts. Also I'm taking ecstasy for a year now, started at DnB raves but now I'm doing it at home alone, once a month usually.

 I ruined my friendships and now I have no one, only my coworkers. And my cousin, but he is in a different country now with his gf so we are just texting once in a while. We were very close to each other but at some point he started to feel so fake and I think he just pity me. He is quite succesful and I'm the most pathetic loser. I know I'm not a good person. I'm selfish, toxic and fake too. I'm lying about many things to others because I feel so embarassed to tell the truth. But I barely speak to anyone anyway. My life is such a mess and I feel so dumb at this point. Nothing interests me anymore besides of getting fucked up on drugs, listening to music and videogames. I don't understand an adult life at all, I never had any responsibilities and I avoid everything except of going to work. 

I'm always staying at home. Only my computer and me. I never had a girlfriend, I was always so shy and worried about everything. I feel like my brain is just fucked up beyond repair. I can't focus on anything, I have social anxiety, OCD, severe depression, I can't feel anything but numbness or sadness, very poor memory, no will to live. I look like a skinny 16 y/o teenager. My apperance is not that ugly, but I'm not a man. I'm a freak, weird, alien like. I think I may have an AvPD or another personality disorter, or something different, who knows. I'm still not sure about going to a psychiatrist. I'm TERRIFIED to make any change, any progress in life. My brain is just stuck in one place, I don't understand that.

I don't think there is any hope left for me and I don't know what I will do when my parents will be gone. I feel just very very stupid (because I'm) to taking care about myself. I don't know how to cook, how to repair something, I don't undestand law, politics and shit. Parents never really cared to teach me how to deal with life and I was just so addicted to gaming. I barely talk to my parents now, I don't like them, I just don't care about anything anymore. Suicide seems like an easiest solution for all of my problems but I'm such a coward / don't want to hurt my family. I'm just glad that my sister is a complety normal person. She is 2 years younger than me and living a good life with her bf. I love her and I don't want to kill myself to hurt her.  She is a good, optimistic, caring person. 

I'm like my mother. Miserable, suicidal as fuck. I'm not a fighter, I have no willpower and I feel so behind in life. I should been dead at this point. Now I feel like a ghost and lost in this world.  I fucking hate myself and there is no way to fix it. Maybe I'm just a lazy piece of shit but I feel like I have no control over my fears. I'm just doing a bare minimum (working) and then I have no physical/mental energy for anything else in my free time. I'm so lost in my head. Overthinking everything, thinking about past and scared of thoughts about future. I want to be someone else or shut my fucking brain forever. 

This is my pathetic life. Thanks for reading.

(my english sucks too)