I'm a prisoner of my girlfriend and my own mindI can deal with bipolar disorder. I've dealt with it my whole life. I'm not here to talk about that. I need to vent about my significant other. I've never gotten to do that, because I thought I was a good boyfriend, I thought that meant you didn't air out the dirty laundry for others. I don't have anything left. I'm out of things to keep me from my own end. 

I've lived with my best friend for five years. Five years we've done many wonderful things. We've gone on journeys, done things off our bucket list, had wonderful moments where we've professed our love for each other, forever. I wish I could say I felt that way anymore. every time we've had any kind of argument, I'm always wrong. I never get to have my side heard. I never have my concerns validated. Any time I show any kind of criticism, I'm met with a freakout screaming and crying. Ive tried many different ways to express my feelings, believe me when I say I'd never say or do anything to hurt her, all I've wanted is to see her happy. All I've wanted to do is see her happy. I can't handle this unhappiness anymore. I'm not the best partner, I don't always do my part of the chores on time, but I do try, I try to make up by doing nice things, I spend more than I should on nice things. Its never enough. 

I can't leave, because I don't make enough money. I work a miserable job, just to make my part of the bills. I'm sorry I'm unhappy sometimes when I get home, but she complains that I'm unhappy when I get home. I can't get away from the stress in my life and its finally destroyed me. 

I tried to end my life several times when i was much younger. It changed me forever. It made suicide an option every time things were hard. I havent acted on it in over 13 years. I no longer want to make her happy, I just want to escape. I want to escape from the perpetual rat race, I want to get away from the impossible task of managing bot my and her emotional state, I want to get away from poverty, I want to get away from the cancer of horrible sadness and inadequacy eating away at my mind. I wish I could do it so someone could look at my brain and see what waas wrong with me. I don't really have any other option.  I wish I could just disappear into the woods so she would never know what happened to me. I have to do it now. I have to get out of here. I have to stop hurting right now. I wish I could hae put this somewhere else. maybe somewhere it could have meattered. 