I have lost all my important friendshipsI am sorry if this is long.😏

Ever since I was a teenager I have struggled with finding friends. (I am 27, or 28 in a month.) 😕 Happily, I found a few close friends through my current education (social work), not to mention a distant close friend (300 km away) I have had since I was 16—they are all wonderful people 🙂 But in the middle of my education, severe anxiety problems came to me; not the first time, but now I had more people around my life who weren't used to it. And neither was I used to having real-life friends I can confide in.   


But apparantly I took this too far 😏 I hurt them all in different ways; but ultimately, it was because of my incessant need to reach out when I am anxious. One of them told me to never speak to her again. Two others just stopped answering when I write to them. The first mentioned hurts the most; we wrote our bachelor thesis together. We couldn't finish it the first semester (in July), so we had to finish it in the second instead (in January).  I feel I am mostly to blame, but I honestly do not know. All I know is that I took all the blame; she thinks I am thoroughly selfish. It is a messy story, and the more I think about it, the less I know the truth of it all. 😏  


Now they are gone from my life; I am all alone. (There is one exception; a distant friend in Canada who I chat regularly with; there are also childhood friends who make me feel even more alone; bad acquantainces.) I worry about my education, friendships, my mental health. I recently started taking antidepressants, but I stopped taking them two weeks ago because I feel strange on them. But I am seeing a counselor on monday, so I will tell her this then.   


But right now? I think I want to die; I am so tired of struggling. All I have wanted are friends; I feel like crying whenever I walk outside and I see groups of people walking together, laughing. Why must it be so difficult? A little more than a year ago I thought my social life was finally puzzling itself together, but now I think it is hopeless. My thought right now is that I want to jump from a building, but perhaps the only thing that keeps me from suicide is that the tallest building I can access (and second tallest in my city) is only 8 floors tall. But it hurts so much, and I keep thinking that maybe I am lucky and I will go unconscious immediately.