I’m tired of having to pick myself upThe title says it all. My life consistently feels like every time I begin to pick myself up from one event, something new happens. It feels like I committed a great sin in a past life and this current life is my punishment.

I’ve reached my absolute lowest point. I was recently dumped after spending almost 4 years with the man I truly thought I would marry, and shortly after that found out he had been cheating on me near the end and is currently dating the girl he cheated on me with. I saw them out of a date the other day and it sent me into the worst panic attack of my entire life. Through all of my ups and downs he was the one person I always trusted to never hurt me, and he left me for a girl he barely knows.
My grandma died last week, my moms health has progressively been deteriorating and I’m fairly certain she has late stage cancer and just won’t tell me since she’s ridiculously secretive about her health and afraid for my mental health if I know the truth, and if she dies I’ll be an orphan at the ripe age of 21 since my dad died when I was a child. I only have one other family member and they live several states away. My closest friends have all moved away. I’m doing terribly in school.
I feel so lost and directionless. I tried to get in with a psych but the only place in my town that takes my insurance has an almost year long waitlist. The best they could offer was to give me a call if someone cancels. I feel like I try so so hard to use the coping skills I’ve learned in therapy but there comes a point when it’s just not enough. 
This post is a mess but life just feels like an unending nightmare where I bounce from one trauma to the next scrambling for some sort of foothold but this time I have none. I have nothing to keep me going. Thoughts of dying are in the back of my head all day every day no matter what I’m doing.
I don’t know exactly what my point is with this post, it’s a mess, and I’m a mess, but maybe I just need people to talk to.