I'm cant handle thisIve been depressed since I can remember, at first it was just laziness and no caring about my well being.  Weed definitely helped, it forced my mind into a fake state of happiness and I did my best to never be sober. As the stress from debt piling up and exhaustion from getting next to no sleep every night for months on end added to everything else I couldn't handle it. My roommates girlfriend gave us bedbugs, would steal from me constantly, and would take my car whenever she wanted, causing a huge commotion if she didn't get her way. My job was illegally screwing me out of money I needed to pay my bills but I could afford to do anything, my teeth started to fall apart and decay to the point of no return, my friends spent less and less time with me each day, I was done. After going and getting ready for my choice of leaving this world, I texted my goodbyes to the ones I cared about the most, posted my note on Facebook and set out on my path to find a quiet place to give up. I'm still not sure if this was fortunate or not, but I had a wellness check called on me, and I was picked up by the police and placed in a hospital. I thought I got better since then, most of the problems still remained, but I was chipping away at my debt and found someone I love more than anything, it was going good until I lost my job. After working there for three years, management changed for the third time and the new head manager wanted her son to have my position so they made my life a living hell, there wasn't a day I wouldn't get chewed out for at least half an hour. I'm so lost as to what to do anymore, I wake up in the morning and am angry that I woke up, completing suicide sounds better as each day passes. I can't get myself out of this debt, there aren't many jobs in my area and even with buying the bare minimum for essentials I still can't make a living at any other jobs, I want to give up. I guess you could say this is sort of my note, I'm going to give it myself 2 days to try figuring out this problem I haven't been able to fix before I end it for good. Thank you for reading all the way through if you did, it means a lot to me to be heard. 