please don't say it gets betteri've been hearing that it'll get better since i was 12, and it has left me with nothing but broken promises. ive struggled with depression and anxiety for a long time, but it has never been this bad before.

im forced to live with my dad because i can't work due to the pandemic. this is the same person who's beat me as a kid because i was slightly overweight, socially isolated me away from the few friends i have because he was afraid i would "distract" myself from my grades, laughed and agreed when i finally had the balls to tell him what my bullies said to me at school, and would say nothing to me unless it had something to do with comparing me with other girls or belittle me. 

everyone who bullied me in school are off with their boyfriends/girlfriends, going to top colleges, living their best lives young... while i can barely get out of bed to brush my teeth. 

college has been stressful. i don't know what i want to do but cant take a gap year because i simply don't have the option to begin with. im stuck in  major i absolute hate and don't see myself doing, but i cant major in anything else because my parents would shun me and not pay for my tuition anymore. 

my one friend, the one of two people keeping me alive right now, will be moving on the other side of the country soon. 

the only guy who i was intimate with only used me for sex and ghosted me after he found someone much better. he would happily show her off and has since pretended i don't exist unless its for drugs.

my old friends have moved on with their lives and seem happier, i think. i haven't talked to them in years.

on top of all this, i have OCD tendencies, ADHD that makes school difficult as it is, disordered eating that makes anything food-related a living hell, and crippling anxiety when i have to be out in public. i am extremely introverted because of this. its what ive known my whole life.

i wish i had something to show for. i hate being this bitter, toxic bitch to myself. i hate being envious of others and wondering whats wrong with me. i hate having 0 motivation despite trying my best to stay positive and watching myself deteriorate every day i wake up. i hate having to use video games as my only coping mechanism. i hate being this sensitive brat.

i have everything planned out, and the thought of dying is such a relief. i don't have to worry about expectations. i don't have to feel trapped in this flesh prison of a body i didnt choose. i don't have to worry about my parents being disappointed, the pain of seeing my friend move, the jealousy... it'll just be nothing and that's what i want.

this will prob get deleted soon but. i need to die. if i could trade my life for someone else who should've flourished, i would have a long time ago. im not strong enough.