I'm at a birthday party with people that all dislike me and I hope I can get drunk enough to go through with itI really wish I could just go home and cry myself to sleep without offending anybody - for some reason, nobody but the host really wants me there and even they seem like they invited me unwillingly. They want to go to a club afterwards - I feel very uncomfortable to tag along, even though it's all part of the plan. It's a very popular club, which means prices are high and the people there are pretty snobby and elitist. No room for dancing and people are furious if you just slightly touch them by accident. It feels more like an economic statement than an activity one does for fun. Meanwhile, I'm supposed to go there while looking like an abomination from a horror movie and that's with putting effort into my looks. They are disgusted by the sheer sight of my hideous body, without even having talked to me (and I'm sure that would only make things worse). The problem is, I promised somebody they could crash at my place and my flat "mates" are very uptight so it's either I go with them or they won't get into the apartment. I don't trust them enough to give them my keys either. I wish I had just said I can't come, unfortunately I'm such a sucker for social interaction that I will take any opportunity (not that there are many; this probably makes it worse), even if I pretty much know they'll make me more miserable than I am before that.

I've realised that this is yet another reason my life is just a waste of resources. I haven't achieved anything, I'm not liked anywhere and everything I do is destined to fail. I straight-up feel cursed at this point and I have no intention to continue living this life whatsoever. I tried ending my life once, unfortunately my survival instincts seemed to kick in. I wish I knew how to turn them off. It would make things so much easier. 
Actually, I'm not waste. At least most waste can be recycled. I can't be. I'm actually worse than trash.