In the middle of a borderline rage and I’m fed up with everyone including myself.Today I posted something on a sub about abusive relationships and it immediately got removed. I didn’t know this until I sent it to my friend, who said it showed up as removed. The mods never notified me, and I had no idea why it was removed. Perhaps because I gave a disclaimer as follows:

“Let me make a quick statement:
***Me and my ex BOTH suffer from Borderline Personality Disorder. Some of the behaviors could be attributed to that, so keep that in mind. Please, no borderline-hate. I’m sick of people claiming all or most borderlines are abusive, because that narrative is downright BS. Just wanted to get that out of the way so no one suggests diagnoses for her or anything. We’ve both been diagnosed with BPD. Please leave any hateful statements about BPD out of this.”

How much do you wanna bet the post was removed because some fucking borderline haters got triggered? Fuck them. Honestly. BPD is the most painful thing ever and, among all my mental illnesses, it’s the worst. People with BPD have a high suicide rate. 8 out of 10 people with BPD will attempt suicide. 1 out of 10 will succeed. BPD IS FUCKING HORRENDOUS YET THERE ARE ALSO ENTIRE SUBREDDITS DEDICATED TO HATING ON BORDERLINES.

As you can tell, I don’t take any kind of criticism well, even if it was simply a glitch it still was removed. If it was a glitch I’ll chill, but it most likely wasn’t. My abuse isn’t valid because I’m a borderline I guess. Fuck them.

I have been diagnosed with BPD but I also believe I have traits of all 4 disorders in the cluster B category. I most definitely have narcissistic traits, as well as histrionic. Antisocial I’m not sure, but maybe a few traits.

As you can probably tell from the rage I expressed at the beginning of this post, I’m a horrible person. People say otherwise, but either they’re lying or they just don’t know me that well. My emotions are so extreme and often inappropriate, as you can see.



There’s this girl that I dated for a brief time in 2014. I miss her so bad, still. Suddenly I’ve relapsed and it feels like the breakup just happened. I haven’t quite been the same since. We’re friends again, but it still hurts like a bitch. If she were 2 feet away from me it would still hurt. She’s in a long term relationship now with someone else. She’s living with someone. 5 years later and I’m still just as torn up and suicidal. She was my everything and there’s never been anyone quite like her. Lately I’ve been feeling such extreme emotional pain that I’ve literally been fearful of sudden death from the emotional pain alone (I also have severe Illness Anxiety Disorder). Luckily that’s not possible, but it sure feels like I’ll drop dead when I’m grieving because the pain is so intense and constant. No one can bring me back to that time in 2014 when I was so happy with her. No one can change it. There’s been a huge hole in my heart for almost 5 years now. I know I’ll never find anyone like her.



I’m also trans FTM. I can’t describe how painful that is on top of everything else. It’s nothing more than a nuisance to me. Having to undergo surgery, hormones, etc just to be comfortable in my skin isn’t a happy thing. It’s not fair that cis guys just get it all handed to them, no surgery or hormones needed. On top of that, I see transphobic stuff online (fucking TERFs and other people, as well as people who make it all look like a joke) and it makes it all worse. I’ll never even be able to have my own biological kids. Adoption isn’t good enough for me, tbh. I want my own fucking kids. Apparently that’s too much to ask. A sperm donor is also a no, because my future girlfriend would technically be pregnant with another man’s baby. I remain stealth for the most part, but I just don’t care anymore. How the fuck do I tell friends I’ve had for several years “oh btw I’m trans”?



I want to lose weight. I’m overweight, almost in the obese range. But I sleep all day. When I’m not sleeping, I’m laying on my bed watching YouTube videos or listening to music or something. It’s hard to do simple tasks because I physically feel too fatigued to do anything. I’m sick of being lazy. But I’ve been doing this for years. I’m on the edge of having diabetes. I’m terrified of diabetes. I hate needles to begin with. I need numbing cream to use before doing my weekly testosterone injections. How would I manage having to do that with insulin too????? Isn’t it an emergency, so you really don’t have time to use numbing cream? A life of having to watch what I eat, take my blood sugar a few times a day and inject insulin on top of all that is way too much. I once promised myself that if I had diabetes I’d kill myself ASAP. But I can’t do anything to lose weight. I can’t do much except lay in bed. Whenever I do get up, I can’t wait to sit or lay back down. I’m nothing. My parents are probably so disappointed in me. I’m nothing more valuable than a piece of furniture at this point since I’m not doing anything at all. I literally haven’t showered since I don’t even know when. I smell awful but I don’t feel like showering. I’m too tired. I’m ALWAYS too tired.


I’m suffering from flashbacks from a breakup I had at the end of last year. It’s possible that I have PTSD from that. I already have PTSD from an event that happened at the age of 10, so that’s lovely. Just another nuisance. This girl said “it was liberating tbh” about the breakup when I asked her if it was as hard for her as it was for me. She called me selfish. By the way, the relationship was fine; I was so aware of the BPD stigma that I always told her that if I was ever abusive in any way, she should call me on it. But she always said I was totally fine and never abusive. Yet it was liberating to get rid of me. You don’t understand how awful that was. It ate at my self esteem and led me to the edge. The statement extended in my head from being about the breakup to being about life in general. My brain went right to “if it was ‘liberating’ for her to break up with you, imagine how ‘liberating’ it would be for your family and friends and everyone around you if you just killed yourself.”

Whenever I hear that word, I’ll either go into a rage, panic attack or sad, suicidal episode. As a matter of fact, a few weeks ago I was watching a YouTube video and the word liberation was used in it (any form of “liberating” bothers me) and as soon as I heard it, I felt extremely ENRAGED and just wanted to destroy everything in my path. Her words echo in my head every fucking day.

Continuing on the thought that it would be a good feeling for everyone to just get rid of me, I recently came up with a good analogy:
I’m like a drug. When you have me, you feel so happy and fulfilled and love having me around. I’m one of the most important parts of your life and you care a great deal (no pun intended) about me. One day you lose me. You suffer from withdrawal for a while, and you’ll feel sad and hurt. Then, you’ll realize how much you didn’t need me. How much better off you are without me. How good life really was before me. The withdrawal is temporary, but the happiness of being rid of me is so worth it.




I have other mental illnesses as well, aside from the ones I’ve mentioned. Various disorders under the anxiety umbrella, including generalized anxiety disorder itself, depression, BPD, adhd (though adhd is the least of my concerns), ocd, many others. I’ve even joked (but not really), “I honestly didn’t know a person could be THAT sick until I met myself.”
What exactly is my suicide risk? EXTREMELY HIGH and SCARY TO THINK ABOUT, that’s what it is. I’ve come to accept that one day I’m gonna just snap and end it all. The reason why I haven’t killed myself is due to my Christian beliefs and the fear of going to Hell (I apologize if I’m not allowed to say that here, I’m hesitant to put it in but it’s important to mention as my reason for not just ending it all).



I’m so lost. I can’t find anyone for me either, relationship-wise. I’ll probably be alone forever. I’m 20 years old. Aren’t most people my age in relationships? Aren’t some even ENGAGED and having kids? I fear I’ll never make it that far. If you want an example, look at Christine Chubbuck, the 29 year old woman from Sarasota, Florida that killed herself on air (she was a news reporter) in 1974. I’m almost identical to her personality-wise and attitude-wise. Some of the things her family members, friends, peers and past classmates have said about her also apply to me. You’d think I’m practically a reincarnation of her. I feel a connection to her, so much that I’ve decided to name my daughter after her (not just because of her, but also because of the meaning of the name Christine and also because of family and other reasons) when I have kids if I have a daughter. I have no hope, really. My brother is 30 and he still hasn’t found a stable girlfriend, so that makes me feel a little better about my own situation, but I’d like to have it all together before 30.



I turned 20 just a few weeks ago. I suffered a terrible case of the “birthday blues.” My birthday reminds me of my ex from 2014 since we got close around that time, so since that year I’ve been miserable on my birthday. It’s very bittersweet, for more reasons than one.



Today also is May 17th. On this day in 2016, I nearly killed myself for a multitude of reasons. May 17th has been an infamous day since then. One I need extra support during. But this year, somehow it doesn’t bother me much. The anniversary dates with my ex bother me much, much more.


Also, I don’t even have my drivers license yet. I’m too scared to get it. I don’t trust myself. With driving, one mistake and you could literally kill someone. I wouldn’t be able to live with that. And the statistics make it seem like every time you get in a car you’re putting your life at risk and that it’s a risky activity just to ride in a car. I’ve seen so many PSAs about car crashes. Lately, my recent fascination is drivers ed “scare films” from the 60s and 70s which feature REAL footage of car accident victims, alive and dead, which is extremely graphic and disturbing. I saw one, got extremely upset and went into an almost catatonic state for the next day and was terrified of cars, only to watch more of the scare films. It’s like I’m intentionally hurting myself psychologically. I’m someone with a lot of common sense. I’ve never been one to party, drink, smoke, do drugs or do most of the other dumb things people my age tend to do. I’ve always been very full of common sense, and my parents have reminded me multiple times that those scare films are not for me since I already know better, and that they’re for people without common sense who think they’re invincible. In my case, it doesn’t help. I feel as if it’s better suited for kids who DO or WILL speed, drink and drive, text and drive, etc as well as people who have been charged with such crimes, not people like me. That’s what my parents tell me. I’m not someone who would do that. In my case, it just scares me out of driving. Now I don’t wanna drive EVER. To me, these films don’t say “don’t do these things on the road and just be a responsible driver” but instead, “just don’t drive because this is what could happen.” I shouldn’t be subjecting myself to such films, and even if I stop now, that doesn’t take back what I saw and heard.


This post is waaaayyyy too long and I apologize. Trust me, there’s more, but I’ve spent a long time writing this and trying to phrase things properly. I don’t know. I just don’t feel good lately, and I don’t think I ever will feel better. I feel as if my demons will haunt me for the rest of my life and I won’t be able to fight them because they’re so strong.