I don't know what to doIt just seems like everything in life is bad. Everything that happens is bad. Bad, bad, bad, and some more bad. The world is dying and no-one seems to care. Let's blame the consumers for trashing the environment and not the companies producing all of this shit. And Why do these people who do this get to live these lavish lifestyles where they get anything they want with no consequences? Just because they have money? Just because they'd rather pollute the environment and put their hand over their eyes every time it's mentioned? I used to believe people matured, but more and more I learn how untrue that is. It's all a big kindergarten classroom, but this time it's for real &amp; the cheaters win, every time. Life just doesn't seem to get better &amp; is full of people with open hands ready to take advantage of you. There are some good souls out there but goddamn there are rare as diamonds. I guess I'm just lonely

"Try to make some friends" they say. I tried. I tried to step out of my comfort zone and do something that I usually don't do, invite someone over. It was terrible. The guy even sort of insulted me when he left and hasn't talked to me since. So I tried again, this time a girl. She stood me up twice, I can't make that shit up. It also doesn't help that every **good** friend I've had has either moved away or stopped talking to me. What the fuck did I do to deserve this? I didn't choose this shit!

Some people are just plain out cruel. They do not care if they hurt your feelings. If they benefited overall, THEN YAY WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER! They have no regard for the consequences or the people they've affected. They'd set you on fire to keep themselves warm. But there are also people who won't do that. Good people. People who would do anything for who they love and understand that hatred and anger gets you nowhere. I need those people. Where you guys at?

All in all I'm tired of all this anger and hatred that it's starting to make me hate everything. I'm starting to lose faith in humanity as a whole with all of the stupid shit we've done &amp; are doing. I just hope this shit gets better somehow.

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry just needed to rant.