It's been months and I still can't get over this traumaBefore I start this: I've had serious mental health issues for 3 years. I have depression, anxiety and OCD. I started college when I was 17 and all I wanted to do was make friends, because I hadn't had any for years. So I made friends with these 4 girls in first year. They were all pretty dodgy. They could be really mean, just straight up do bad things, hang out with bad people - but I stayed friends with them because we got along and I got value out of people liking me. So I'll start with this in mind.


I'm a 19 year old girl. I was in second year of college this year and the last semester was the worst time of my life. It's been months and I'm trying so hard but every single day its all i think about.

I broke up with my emotionally manipulative boyfriend in February this year, and that's where it all started. I lived with my four 'friends' last year, and they were they reason for all this trauma. I took the break up really badly because I had never confronted all the horrible things he did to me until I finally decided to break up with him. So, I wanted to talk to my friends about it, because I had never told anyone before. And I assumed that they would understand, because I have spent hours upon hours with two of them talking about their exes when they were going through breakups. One friend only went out with a guy for a week and I spent the whole previous semester talking to her about him because she wouldn't get over him. However, whenever I brought up my ex or anything he did to me, I was met with silence, they wouldn't even look at me. Eventually after 3/4 weeks they told me to just stop talking about him and to move on. They said that I had completely changed ever since breaking up with him, that I used to be really kind and nice the whole time and now all I did was complain about my life and I need to get over it. I just said okay and that I would try to improve. 

For the next 2 months, up until college ended, I never brought him up again. But for some reason, they just all started to talk about me behind my back and gang up on me and give out to me for loads of things, even though I never did anything to them, or did anything wrong in general. Literally every single day I would come home to them and they would find something to give out to me about, even something as stupid as the fact my room wasn't clean. Even at one point one of the girls said that she was being too hard on me, and that the other girls were always finding something to complain about to do with me. But I never stood up to them because this was the first time in years I had friends and all I wanted was to keep that friendship, even though they absolutely were not my friends. 

Now, it wasn't just this. Two of my friends were still friends with my ex, and ever since I broke up with him they were hanging out with him a lot more. I found out that the girls had been telling him that I was "bitching about him" the whole time and saying that I hated him and that he was really bad to me. Somehow, through this, I turned out to be the bad one and he turned out to be the good one, the victim in all of this. I also found out that they were telling him really private information, like about a guy that I started to like. 

To segue from that. I started a new job and started to like a guy there. He was really kind and funny to me and I got along with him well. But, even though the girls had never met him, they just started to really maliciously mock me over liking him. They were saying that he sounded stupid and were looking him up online and laughing at his profile and never listened to me when I said he was actually really nice. 

But it turned out he wasn't really nice. He started to do really mean and malicious things to me. He would invite me on a night out and then ignore me for the whole night. One time he grabbed me and kissed me really hard and then said 'now go away'. Then after about 3 weeks another new girl started at work, and he started to say things to her in front of me like 'you're my favourite co worker', which he said to me before he got with me. 

Then it got worse. One day I looked at his insta profile and saw a few pictures of him from 2 years ago with this girl I knew. I asked him how he knew her and he didn't answer, he just said he hated her. So I messaged her asking how they knew each other, and she said that they were friends for a few months, but one night he got her really drunk at his house and sexually assaulted her. I met up with her to talk about it and she wasn't faking. It freaked me out because he used to say to me that he would never have sex with me if I was drunk, and then would buy me loads of drinks on a night out and bring me back to his place and have sex with me. I didn't think anything of it but I regretted it so much. 

I told 3 of the girls what happened, and they just didn't react - they were acting in a kind of 'I told you so' way, when they had never even met him. Later on, I was about to tell the other girl and before I could say anything she just said 'Yeah [anon] told me', and that was it - we never talked about it again.

Before you say anything, I know - it was stupid for me to not do anything when he was being an asshole to me. It's just the fact that I was finding solace in this guy when I had none, and was really trying to rationalise the whole thing. After all of this I'm never staying with a guy who has any traits like that, because that's the third guy in my life I've been fooled by and I know what the signs are by now.

The second last thing: one of the things my ex used to be really emotionally abusive over was to do with these friends that I had. He would smack their asses or even bite them sometimes and the two times I pulled him over it he made me feel really bad about it, saying I was a controlling girlfriend. However, the worst was to do with one of them in particular, I'll call her J. He was kind of obsessed with J. My relationship with him was really intense in the sense that he would say that he was completely in love with me and he wanted to spend his life with me - but he would also say things like 'J is still the best girl' and 'I 95% love you and 5% love J', among many other things. They were never close when we were together, and they weren't friends after we broke up either.

However, one day, about 2 weeks before college ended, I finally decided to tell her about this. When I told her, she didn't console me, or say that was awful, or be a friend in any capacity. Instead, she went to a party he was holding in his that weekend, went up to him, and started talking to him about me and flirting with him. I know this, because he was the one who maliciously told me when I met him one day. 

I was really mad, so I told the other girls what happened. They laughed, and said 'Well, that's just J'. They then told J that I was "bitching about her" behind her back. Again, I valued that 'friendship' up until the very end, and I stupidly apologised to her for talking about her. 

This is the final part. A day before moving out, I started to have a panic attack in my room. I was having panic attacks pretty much every day at this point, but I had never asked anyone for help - I just stayed in my room and never told anyone. But this one was a major one - something started happening to me that had never happened before, and it was terrifying because I didn't know it could happen. I lost feeling and movement in my hands - it was because my heart was beating so fast. They curled up and I couldn't move or feel them, it was terrifying. 3 of my friends were at work, so I called the one who was at home. At this point it really seemed like she didn't like me - again, I had never done anything wrong to her. So, she walked into my room, and I was on my bed. I was balling crying and hyperventilating and I told her that I didn't know whether or not I needed to go to the hospital. But she was just looking at me as if I was doing something wrong. She was just standing at the other side of the room without a wrinkle of concern on her face. She asked me 'What do you want me to do', and that was pretty much it - after a minute she just left, and I went into the shower in the bathroom and tried to take deep breaths.

This was the breaking point to me, and I finally stood up to her. I confronted her about it in front of the other girls and all of a sudden, she took this victim stance, saying that she was helping me and I was such a bitch. All the girls ganged up on me, said I was a freak, to go to hell, to go fuck myself and that I was crazy.

The next day when I was moving out of the house, my mom and sister were helping me bring my stuff down from my room. At this point, I hadn't spoken to the girls since that final event happened. But when I was coming up the stairs with my mom and sister, I could hear them laughing in the room opposite to mine. We got upstairs to my room and they had the opposite door open. They started saying Hi to my mom and sister, and my mom and sister said hi back, because they didn't know that I had fallen out with them. They just started laughing at me right in front of them and I couldn't do or say anything back. They started to do loads of humiliating things like pretending to chug vodka in front of my mom and sister, it was just so needless and malicious and it was all because I stood up to one of them for not helping me during a panic attack. When we had all of my things together I left and never saw them again. 

I was friends with them for almost two years and did so much for them. I never did anything wrong to them and was always there for them when they were down. I even got them a house for the summer, and got one of them her first job for the summer, because they wanted to stay up near college and not go home for the summer. But they just all turned on me and it's been 3 months  and I still think about it every day. 

But its not just the events that I think about - the main thing is the fact that I never stood up to them for anything. Theres so many things I wish I could have said to them that they'll never know now. Like I know they're all shitty people - before they all decided to gang up on me, they used to always talk about each other behind their backs the whole time, and they're involved with this group of guys where I met my ex, who are all college dropout drug addicts who are blatantly shit and unkind people. But I never got to stand up to them about any of that. I just valued that 'friendship' until the very end. And I've definitely learned that I should never do that again - but the fact that they got away with everything just haunts me every day. 

I'm lucky to have a good friend who I met from one of my classes in first year, and I've become really close to him over summer - he's introduced me to his really nice group of friends who are all good people and he said that next year I can hang out with them the whole time, so I'm so delighted about that. I've started doing mindfulness, yoga and running since the start of the summer which has been really confidence boosting and mood lifting too. But I'm just afraid I'll never get over this because no matter all this stuff, it's in my head every minute of every day.

Any advice?

Thank you so much guys. Much love. &lt;3 xx