Been debating where to put this...seems that right now it's better off here.So...where to begin?

Five years ago I met a girl.  We met on a message board for a video game and became friends almost instantly.  I was going through a pretty bad relationship at the time, and hers wasn't all too great as well, which helped us get closer faster.

After a while, I got her phone number and gave her a call.  We talked and texted for a long time, and, as things like this happen, we grew even closer.  So close even that we started a long distance relationship.  She lived on the east coast while I lived in the midwest, but that didn't stop us from constantly calling, texting, or talking on the message board where we met.

A few months later, I flew over to visit her.  We stayed at a hotel, and I basically hung out there while she was at work, and we went out and about the towns in the area afterwards.  It was, as memories like this typically are, serene.  Up until then, I was almost a pack a day smoker, but the entire time I was there, I didn't even think about having a cigarette.

I went back home ten days later.  I remember looking back at her at the airport, seeing her wave, waving back, and busting into tears.  It felt so wrong to leave, even though I had to.  I was crying so much that I got pulled aside by a TSA agent who was concerned that I was afraid to fly.  All I could do was tell her that I was leaving someone very important to me.

We kept in touch over the next few months, and eventually the decision was made that I would move in with her.  In retrospect, this was probably the first bad decision.  She could have moved here.  I was living with my mother, but we could have easily gotten a place together.  I lived in a city, full of opportunity.  I had a good paying job with a government benefits package, so even if she had issues with finding a job right away, we would have been fine.  But I was afraid of what she would think of me.  I hadn't told her that I was living with my mom.  It was a fairly recent thing.  Prior to that I was living with some friends, but a couple of them started school out of state, and the two of us that remained couldn't afford to live there without help.  He found another place, and I moved back in with my mom.

So that summer I put in my two weeks, packed up my things, and headed out.  I texted her on the way, letting her know what states I was passing through, taking pictures of scenic areas, stupid shit like that.  I had over 1,000 miles to drive, but I made the trip in just over a day.  We met up at a McDonald's and she led me to her place.  She was staying at her dad's, so things were cramped.  We had a room upstairs that we spent all of our time in, with the exception to go downstairs to eat, do laundry, go to work, or sometimes watch tv.

I got a job where she worked.  It was nothing like what I was doing before, which was a bit of a blow to me.  I had worked primarily in an office environment whereas this was a manufacturing job that earned almost half of what I was making before I moved.  But it was alright.  After all, I was finally with the woman I loved, and the job was just a job.  I could always find something better.

Turns out I couldn't.  I looked for a while, got a couple interviews for places that weren't exact matches for what I was looking for, and eventually I gave up and accepted the fact that what I was looking for just wasn't available anywhere near where I could travel to.

We eventually got our own place, a shitty little apartment above a restaurant that had a problem with house centipedes in the spring.  During this time, my paranoia started to shine through.  I hadn't had much luck with relationships up until then.  I was engaged once before, but she died in a car accident.  I'd been cheated on numerous times, and I was terrified that it was all I was good for for a very long time.  Sad to say, this extended to her subconsciously at first, but it came to the surface, and seemed to stay there for a very long time.  Even still, she stayed with me, and I thought we were happy.  I asked her to marry me, and she said yes.  It was one of the happiest moments of my life (pathetic huh?).  If only I had known that it was all a lie.

Eventually she lost her sex drive, or so she says.  I didn't know it at the time, but this was probably the first really blatant hint that her feelings for me weren't anywhere near mine for her.  We started fighting, but always seemed to make up in the end.  I thought the lack of a sex drive was because she was no longer attracted to me, which began a slow spiral into self doubt about my own attractiveness.

We both got different jobs at another production company, and things seemed to pick up again.  Unfortunately, my paranoia was just as strong, and I had episodes of jealousy.  I caused a lot of emotional harm to her that I didn't even know I was causing until recently.  Hindsight's always 20/20 I guess.

Eventually we moved again to a marginally better place.  More room for about the same price, closer to work, all that fun stuff.  Shortly after that, we went to PAX East, and had three wonderful days.  At the end, she said that it was like the honeymoon we hadn't had.  We weren't married.  We were thinking about just staying engaged forever so that we wouldn't have to deal with the whole rigamarole of a wedding.  Still I didn't see the doubt in her eyes.

Due to being sick and general issues with HR not wanting so many employees for various reasons, we were both fired on the same day, and stayed unemployed for a month.  We eventually found new jobs (once again at the same place, but this time in different departments with different break schedules), but at lower pay.  It was still okay, because we could still afford to live.

Here's where the real distance between us started.  I was still looking for something better.  I'd gone to a couple temp agencies, one of which seemed certain that I'd be able to find something more along the lines of what I wanted to do, but due to the last three jobs I've had, and the fact that most people that read resumes only look at the last few jobs a person had, I hadn't heard anything.  This just led to more depression, which is I guess the point in which she gave up.

We were both playing SWTOR at the time, but could only afford one account.  One day, I grabbed her phone to get the authenticator key, and saw that she had a message on her screen.  She had fallen asleep flirting with another guy, who I would later find out had received topless pictures of her and had discussed at length breaking up with me.

I confronted her about it, and she said that she still loved me, but not in the way that I loved her, that she had looked into living here alone, but that she couldn't afford it without my paycheck.  I broke down, started crying, started questioning everything, and begged her for another chance.  She said she'd give one to me, and promised that while she made her decision, she wouldn't flirt with the guy anymore.

Three days later it ended.  I realized that I wasn't showing her how much I cared for her, that things were bad because of me, but it wasn't enough.  She said that she still wanted to be friends, that she still saw me as her best friend, and she didn't want to lose that, and that's when hindsight once again reared its ugly little head.

I came to the realization that I caused the woman who loved me to fall out of love with me, find someone else, and basically repeat the history of how our relationship started.  I looked at the last five years of my life, at how much time I wasted thinking that I would no longer have to fight for her love, and lost it.  I tried to talk to her, wanted to beg her for another chance, a real chance this time, and she shut herself away.

Which is when I bought the razor blades.

I tried to talk to her, because as she said, she still wanted to be friends, and unfortunately for her, friends are something I have in short supply.  When I moved, I broke off all ties.  It wasn't something I was actively trying to do, it just happened.  Being over a thousand miles away makes it difficult to constantly keep in touch.  The few friends I do have I only see on Fridays for D&amp;D games, since I work third shift.  I'm driving home from work when they are going to work.  when they get out of work, I'm asleep, and when I wake up, they're asleep.  So all I had to talk to was her, but naturally, she wants space.

This is apparently too long...I'll put the rest in a comment.