I want to die right now. I cannot bear to live any longer as a failure.Throwaway account. I’m a 21F university student. School and success have always been very important to me growing up in the UK, neither of my parents went to university and I was going to be the first. All my life I just wanted to be successful, and after I turned 16 this is where it all started to fall apart.

I did very well in my exams at 16. I got 10 A*s and 2 As, and it remains my most proud achievement. I won’t go into a long spiel but basically I was discouraged from dropping a subject at my exams at 18, to get into university, by my school. I was barely passing and I didn’t need the subject but my school would not let me take 4 subjects instead of 3, despite the whole country mostly taking 3. I had got an offer to Cambridge University and I failed it due to my bad grades. This is when I started being suicidal and when I guess my depression started. 

I took a year out and reapplied and got another offer to study at Cambridge. It was expensive for my parents to take a gap year but they wanted me to try again. I worked so so hard, but I panicked again due to the pressure in one of my exams and I barely missed my offer by a handful of marks. I ended up doing my backup subject and another pretty good university in the UK, but it was not my dream university.

I struggled in my first year of university and had to resit one subject in my final exams to pass the year. I was not helped by the university in any way when I came back for second year, where I am now, and felt like I couldn’t change my subject.

I’m now hours away from sitting my first final exam which actually counts for my degree and I just want to die. So so much.

I struggled this year academically also and got very little support. I barely revised and it is all my fault, I don’t know what’s fucking wrong with me I don’t know how I just never worked hard enough to study. I have barely done any work and I’m such a failure. I have no motivation or drive to do these exams now. There is an option to sit in September but if I fail I’m out of the university. If I do them now I can potentially resit in September. I don’t want to do any of this any more, I just want to die and never have to think about my education, my degree, my job, my success and my future ever again.

I don’t know what to do. I’m religious and have no idea how I could even kill myself. I live with 5 other family members including my grandparents. I am too coward, as always hah, to kill myself. But years ago I knew I would never EVER consider suicide. And look where we are now.

Please, I’m begging someone. Help me.