my life has become a nightmareTnis will be a long read but I'm very grateful for those who will read it. I'm going to start this off by saying I've never been a happy person. I've always seeked solace in philosophy &amp; drugs. I've done numerous drugs to try and help me. LSD, shrooms, tons of benzos &amp; opiates, MDMA, but they always only help temporarily. I've been depressed. Always. I can't remember the last time I was happy. I can't remember the way I was before it ever came into my life. But life somehow started looking up for me, I had a well paying job, drugs, close friends, a girlfriend, a car, and just my freedom. I had everything I've ever wanted in life. I wasn't happy but I was content and had a hope for my future.

Until two weeks ago where I made the worst decison of my life ; that was driving when I was fucked up. I was coming home from a day filled with popping pills and smoking with friends, &amp; I made the most selfish, stupid decision of driving under various substances. I swerved and my wheel came off the road, lost traction and pummeled me into a pickup truck. I was on the highway going 60. My car got totalled. Ambulance had to bust the windows in the back because my car flipped to get me out.I was fine besides hurting my neck and some major bruises. But I admitted in the emergency room that I was messed up &amp; under various drugs. I got arrested and charged for wreckless driving, DUI, &amp; plenty of drug charges they found in my car after. I'm failing all my classes. I've always had a great GPA, a really good ACT score to get me into a decent college with a nice scholarship but ive ruined that future. Besides losing my future, friends, job, car, money, freedom, &amp; my reputation. I put two other people in the hospital. 

One of them is a father. Has kids. &amp; He's been in the hospital since. He has a broken neck &amp; in a lot of pain. I couldn't imagine what I would do to some fucker who almost killed my mom because of their dumbass decisions. Ive been living with the guilt since. That I almost killed another person, almost made some kids live without their father. I'm the lowest person and I honestly feel like I don't deserve to live. I wish I never wore my searbelt, that I was killed in the crash. I truly deserve it. Insurance isn't going to cover any medical bills. I put myself and my mom in thousands of dollars in debt. We cant afford that. She works as a single mother, supporting three kids as a fast food manager. Besides contemplating suicide daily because of living with this guilt amd regret that eats me up 24/7. Ive lost everything. I've become a disgrace to my family, to society. My brother tells me daily how I should've died &amp; how much of a piece of shit I am. My dad was a drug addict who left our family at the age of 6, and my mom &amp; brother tell me how I'm far worse than him. It hurts so fucking much. All of this does. I can't bear this emotional pain. I never meant to hurt anyone in my entire life. Ive always been so nice and caring to others because I know life is hard &amp; I only wish to bring good to others. But I've fucked my life up beyond repair.  

I don't see a way out of this. I don't want one. I just wish I had the fucking balls to end this guilt and misery I feel ALL the fucking time. I can't keep living. I don't deserve to. The only person who has a little faith in me is my girlfriend. I love this girl to death. She's the most amazing person I've ever met. Shes the only one who has faith in me &amp; support me. But I can't even see her with no car. I don't have a phone to talk to her. I'm probably going to lose her too. I hate that I'm making people suffer because of my decisons. These poor people I almost killed, my family, my girlfriend, my friends. I've truly lost everything. I hope so much that I just can end it all. To stop feeling this misery. To never have to see another day. Hopefully one day I will. Thank you for reading.