I just can'tI've been a long time lurker. Don't know what to do. I've been depressed most of my life, but I've never considered suicide an option until this past year. I told myself I'd never ever do it, but I just can't deal with anything anymore. One of the reasons I've held onto to keep me going has just broken up with me. 

We've had problems before, but more and more I feel this time it might really be over. She's the love of my life. She's the only person that makes me not feel like I want to die. Not just that, but actually feel like I want to live. But I also can't ask for her help, as she's had a terrible ex boyfriend who manipulated and abused her emotionally, which also of course includes threatening to commit suicide if she left. I can't put her through something like that again. But I can't live without her. I've done all I could to make her happy. Before I met her I felt so indifferent about everything. Given up on feeling. I still made sure to be nice to people I was around, even though I hated people (men especially), and make sure they felt appreciated and worth it, because even though I hate people I never wanted anybody to feel the pain and loneliness I suffered my whole life. I hate seeing people in so much needless suffering. That was my motivation. And it was incredibly difficult. I strived to be the somebody few thought existed. But it just made me feel even more alone. Yet through this I was able to help many people, even stop a few from suicide (go figure), but I still felt so fucked. I try so hard to care, because so few do. And we really need more of that in this world. For many people it's all they need. Someone to care.

Then I met her. And we got to know each other. And I ended up saving her from suicide, as well. But she was different from everybody else I ever knew, and for the first time in my life I felt like I belonged. From my experience with past relationships, I thought maybe there was something wrong with me and I couldn't really love. 
But I had the deepest feelings for her. I told myself it was a bad idea to depend on someone for your happiness, that should be something you find in yourself. 

Its a bad idea to have someone be your everything. But she ended up bringing so much color in my life. So much warmth. My absolute favorite things in life are holding her in my arms, making love to her, and being there for her. And when I said those things, I never knew I could feel this way for another person. But I fucked up. I think it was partly because of how new it all was to me, but I made mistakes and pushed her away due to my smothering her, my insecurities, and my high libido.

We're friends now, but I can't help but be afraid of drifting apart and becoming strangers. If it were up to me this would never happen, but she has changed and doesn't need me anymore, and I fear this may be what she actually wants. And I can't blame her, I really just want her to be happy. She's lived a hard life, and she has a condition that makes it all the harder. But without her, I'm as good as dead. I've accepted that we probably can't be together. I've tried to deal. I'm not in control anymore. I have to force myself to eat. I keep shaking. Can't sleep. Took up smoking to relieve the stress. I don't get anything from suicide hotlines. Fear claws its way into every part of my being and I'm suffering from anxiety attacks (I've never had an attack before, and it's now happening multiple times a day). I can't deal with this fucked up feeling in my chest that persists. I think this is what they call heartbreak. I have a feeling that might pass, but everything else won't. And in a way I don't want it to. I'm afraid I'm never going to love again.

I've tried to occupy my time with my classes, playing guitar, playing video games, watching movies, surf reddit, take long walks, spending time with my little sister. Still, at the end of the day its like I'm going through a withdrawal that will never ever let up. And if it ever does, I'll be completely empty, indifferent and insatiable. I wish she could tell me we'll never grow apart. That it'll all be okay. But people come and go, and even though I don't consider her an average person, it still seems inevitable. Especially considering how she changed. And deep down, all I really want in this life besides seeing her happy and being in each others lives, are her intimacy and affection. For her to want me. And it hurts all the more thinking how she'll give it to that lucky someone else instead (I've never been the jealous type) when that's all I ever needed.

I lost myself and this became a very long post, and in a way it helped to vent. It would still be nice to hear from someone though. Anybody with experience. The best part of my life just happened and now it's gone. I just want to sleep and never wake up. Every night I think about bleeding out or overdosing on the sleeping pills I keep by my bed, walking to the park at midnight, and ending it there. The only other person whom I care very much about that has kept me from even thinking about it in the past is my little sister. She is my best friend and I could never dream of hurting her. And I'm trying to hold onto it as hard as I can. But I'm scared and I can't ask my ex for help. Even though she's the only one who can. It all sounds so selfish. I just want to die and let her live her life.