Early morning sad thoughts about people abandoning youI’m gonna admit that I’m a substance abuser. I enjoy the altered state I get when high or drunk. Currently this past year I been using Xanax from anxiety, alcohol, and weed. I even done opiates for a bit and I’m glad I never got absorbed into it physically addicted wise. Every evening after work or in general at some point I like to indulge in getting a buzz. When I’m sober I just look at how I let myself go 4 years ago,  I was youthful, naive, determined, and driven. I had beautiful girlfriends or flings then when drugs and alcohol came into the picture all that changed. Want to get to the point because so much has happened but I’m now in another real relationship we live together and it’s love... However she and I have separate life paths. Mine is basically be selfish and focus on career etc. She on the other hand needs to get a job, get back to schooling, take care of her daughter, etc. Her family loves me but now last few weeks she has been discussing or saying I do drugs and that I’m an addict. The family doesn’t explicitly say anything to me but it does hurt now that this is leading to us moving away from each other coming February we plan to end the lease of our apartment. Idk what I wanna do either quit my job I’m doing well now where I moved to be with my gf and go live with my parents and do rehab idk.. I want to change but I’m literally an addict. People say it’s a choice and in the beginning it is but then it gets to a point it’s like food you want/need it. I think to myself i got so much weight on me, I’m in a rut where I don’t like expressing my personal life to people besides my close friends or family so I been anti-social. I’m 25 now and I’m just so worried that I’m becoming something scary and I should just die before it comes to that point. I just can’t do the suicide yet because I don’t wanna hurt my parents anymore than I have with the choices I made. I mean this with everything but my parents are the reason I have yet to carry thru killing myself because I don’t want the blood on my hands of their dismay. Selfishly I have siblings but I don’t mind them taking the burden we are not close and speak rarely. People act like they are afraid of me but I always have good intentions, I never do people wrong, only time I showed my Hulk anger is when blackout drunk a few times in my life. When sober, people would never think I had that anger inside. Faith is all I got at this point that I can have hope in. The concept itself. I hate that I just feel dead inside, I hate that I have no motivation to execute my dreams, I hate what I become. It’s so hard being a male who is emotionally broken, no one desires you and no one thinks you are worth anything. If I existed on an island with only animals and me as the sole human I honestly think I find solace because I’m unique and have no one to compare myself or others compare me too. When I truly disconnect myself, phone, internet, and immerse myself into a game or hobby that is only time I’m content. I need a therapist... or program that can take me in... I need purpose... Just a sad man, with blessings to count...