I called the 211 suicide hotline number and had the most condescending pos "counselor." If that's not a sign I don't know what is.I am dealing with a lot. Family issues, financial issues, forming a social support issues, former abuse flashbacks, eating disorder, racism and more. I am suicidal.. It has been one thing after the other and every time I think I've hit rock bottom there's another hit. I can't take it anymore. SO I called 211 hoping for some sort of reprieve. I got the most condescending piece of shit counselor. He hung up on me initially because I could not hear him and kept telling him that. I got him again the second time and he gave some bs excuse of he didn't know what happened. But the major thing was how condescending he was. His tone and choice of words were horrible. Telling me there are people worse off than me who don't have anyone when I only have one Facebook friend I ended up pouring out everything too because I had no one else. I have acquaintances not friends. People I have struggled and tried my hardest to take it to the next level and got nowhere. I am so deep in debt from student loans and they keep calling and harassing me. My extended family has cut me out of their lives due to me revealing, not by choice, I was abused by one of them. I am an ugly black girl that is constantly dealing with being overlooked and treated like crap where I live. My self esteem is shit. I haven't been asked out but once and that was years ago. I work a crappy menial wage job part time because I mentally can not handle a full time job. People look down on me all the time. I have accomplished none of my hopes and dreams. So that was the last thing I needed to hear; how good I had it due to the one Facebook friend I am afraid I overwhelmed. 

This counselor's tone of voice was so condescending and he kept saying "right" after every sentence like I was an idiot and waiting for me to respond. It's hard for me to describe just how condescending he was. He had no business being on the hotline. But it also seems like a sign. No one cares. Not even the people who are "supposed" to. I am getting older and things are not improving. Only getting worse. I am seeing my former high school bullies in the news or on social media or out and about doing better than me. I am a failure at this thing called life and I can't deal with it anymore. I always held out even a little bit of hope that things would change; no matter how bad it got. I've been homeless before. But it's the worse it's ever been and I see no end in sight. I don't see my life improving. No matter how hard I have tried to improve my life I have ended up in the same spot; rock bottom over and over again. I have a plan and I just want to quit the hesitation I have of pain and get it over with.