The Reflections of a fool. 

One of my most grievous fears has come to fruition. As I sit stunned in it passing, I can easily see how I devised this fate. However now I can also see what truly mattered to me, or at least in times past. But now that I’ve foolishly stricken myself in the eyes and sadly mind of those whose name I would spill blood for. I’ve lost my care for coming days. Where once in times of dull sadness or mindless rage or any place of longing, I would hope of home. That place of engulfing closure. But that seemed as false as it was simple, so Instead I built a reliance on what was easily a brotherhood. A debacle of fools shifting through the days. That is how I had it, As King of the World. Not in physical wealth nor through passionate conquest. What I had was those times spent sitting blabbering on about any menial matter, those soon to be forgotten days where despite misfortune our collective will could tredge on, or those countless hours idling merely to be within the presence of another. Now thinking back, I'm brought with euphoric mementos of all and each good day, but then they to wither by. Were what once was can truly no longer be. And in  a notion of blame there is only one suspect, he of constant blunder. 

I’d never known it to be so deeply rooted to my being. Ever since the beginning I worried what such foolish devotion and blind trust might bring. But again here I am. Back, wandering alone. Again. No longer displaced, No. But finally absolutely alone. As another hoping for release. I had this dream once, of what I’d do when the long winters over. That settling act which seemed forever away. But I think I have miss understood this whole time. It is said that when the time comes a boundless winter would engulf the world and the gods would would no longer gaze and guide the realm of man, and when it halted, through and end a new would begin. And I had laminated this to memory in belief that when the winter came what I had built now would end, and some greater new would be waiting after. But I was Blind. Now after greater insight I’ve come to see my folly's. There was never a winter. Hell there wasn't even any gods. This is all that is. And it is no longer where I belong. Making all of this for naught. I’ve come to this discovery through all that has happened and all that’s to come.

But there is one Misfortune which does carry through, one which I can only hope to lessen for I know its impact. There are a solid few of whom I’m in good standing, another to whom I have made despondent, and another to whom in time am soon to lose. It is here I question to how I sever these anchors for I find their chains are too strong. Where for a handful of the few I would simply drift away into the lesser memories of their mind making the lot effortless. While in the case of some which are closer, presumably family, recent established friends, classmates, ect. I ponder the morality of my plans for they to have built bonds. Bonds which may even hold as heavy a hold on their heart as the ones which driven me here. And I’ve come to bear enough faults already and grow tired. Thus I’ve devised that I’ll have to bite the bullet one by one and disconnect with each as to not have word carry over and dishearten anyone else. For those few that worry and would try and stop me, I’ve found that they wouldn't be able to understand what I’ve done Nor will they probably ever know. But that's probably for the best. It’s best that it be this way.  The less they know, the less they will have to remember. For a select handful I know it will be quite an inconvenience due to how much they have wasted on me, but in recent times our relation have been estranged and our understanding has only seemed to drift further with time. So while while I can perceive their loss, I feel as though I would be only a prolonged deficit to their already sundered investment.

He whom I’m soon to lose to my knowledge is yet to hear of my recent blunders but even if he has heard already it matters not for the course remains the same. In admittance to him I’ve caused none harm, rather I have failed and disappointed all, but most importantly I’ve Disgraced myself. I’ve honestly been thinking of how to just apologize in hopes if fixing things and trying to “move on” but I find that to be far from the case. For My Deed is Now My Face. I could tear and tear till I whittled my fingers to bony nubs and that could never change. So instead I must apologize in a different fashion. 

I Am Sorry My Brother. For I have wasted your faith and violated your honor. In but a moment I have broken all that you had contributed to our great brotherhood. In my downfall I managed to cause more collateral then I could ever be worth. And although I bear no right nor merit to such request, may I only hope that what remains may prosper. But let me leave this quick, so I may waste your efforts no longer. I bid you adieu. My Friend.

He whom I have infinitely disappointed is the one I want to explain to the most, but I find that I just can't come up with the words. There’s that age old adage of “If you could go back what would you do differently”, and I’ve thought through it a few times now. I try and think about how one small mistake so long ago could have easily have never happened and prevented all of this. But then again hindsight is 20/20. What has stricken me the most about all of that has come is how it has likely severed our fellowship. Our crude friendship is one of the most defining pieces to my guise of life, and what I fear is that I have taken that from you as well. But as our silence grows louder I feel that is not the case which would make this whole things as pointless as I first assumed. But nonetheless, for what our friendship was once worth I owe you the same respects as the other for you both are what I hold most dear.

I Am Sorry My Brother. For I have lost my way, and I fear I have led you astray as well. So as we meet this fork in the road let us briskly go our separate ways. I know not what the world holds for you further but I know it is greater without I. So dear Friend, let the road carry you as well as the other. Till Better Days.

You can't write Tears, for then the pages too would weep. Nor in such a manner could you expel the cruelties of the mind, for then the pages too would wither as I. That deepening trench which harbors it now has tremors to its core. What stirs it is but lost and hopeless, yes. But to bring it here still could not mend the wounds of today. The mind could try to fix what it had sundered but in the end its volleys of chatter amount to little more than the rambles of he stuck in a stream of molten lead. On on, on and on.. When that sickening silence dawns, and all else is loud. How they seep in, that ticking you know. Ebbing in and it ponders. Now that it's here what does it do.  When all that's left to look back at is itself, 

What is it one does when there's no one left. Can we be alone. Or is that too another complexity of man we can't overcome. I don't know anymore. I just want it to be quiet again. But what care would the Wires have for me. In the end I am just Another waiting for the winter to end.

&amp;#x200B;

As of this point I put this out expecting naught. In all honesty this was another waste of time but alas. Ill probably might not even give this to them, but alas, i cast out my rambles so they might be butchered by y'all.