I(20M) called 911 after ex(19F) told me she's going to kill herself, over the phoneThis happened last night and I am still questioning myself if it was the right thing to do. 

We are both in university in Washington state and technically live on-campus. My ex and I dated for 2 years. When we broke up, we were still living together so nothing really changed. After the summer, we moved to separate housing but live right next to each other and were very close until about a month ago. 

She has been depressed and suicidal for almost over a year now, and she gets mad everytime I talk to another person, even though we weren't dating. It was getting quite toxic because of the codependency dynamic and based on the advice from reddit and my gut, I told her I wanted to stop talking at least for a while. 

A week ago, we somehow started talking again and she said she started getting help and taking anti-depressants. I was happy for her. We hung out for a bit yesterday and when I had to leave, she got mad and told me that it looks like I don't want to spend time with her and all that. 2 hours later, she calls me and tells me "this is a goodbye call." 

Says she has a knife to her neck and is going to kill herself. She has engaged in cutting before and have scars all over her arms from them. She had also told me she's going to kill herself countless number of times, and I've been able to talk her out of it or calm her down enough for that to not happen. But before this time, it was just words and it was the first time she said I'm actively going to kill myself now. 

I was on the phone with her for about an hour and halfway through I got her to put the knife down and she said she's not going to do it. But 5 mins later, she said she changed her mind and wanted to kill herself that night. Also told me there was a small cut on her neck that was now bleeding. This is the first time it got this serious and I am not equipped to deal with this. I text one of our mutual friends and she tells me to call 911. Now, I am not from USA and am not very familiar with the procedure but I am scared that she might do something that I call 911. 

She repeatedly told me not to call for help because she "doesn't need an audience to watch her die." The cops get there and 3 of them goes in to talk to her. I hear her screaming, telling them to get out. She is handcuffed and taken to the hospital. The hospital wouldn't tell me anything about when she'll be released. So I went back home. 

She texts me this afternoon, says she wants to get lunch. We meet and she's very angry at the while thing. Said the cops took her down with excessive force, cuffed her up and threw her in car, and forced her to the hospital. She said the cops searched through her room and treated her like an animal. She says the same for the hospital. She showed me bruises on her arms from the cuffs and god, it felt miserable knowing that I caused this, one way or another. Told me the hospital threatened to put her in a mental facility for a week, before she spoke to a social worker who released her. 

She said the way she was treated made her more angry and wanted to kill herself more. She was released shortly after midnight and she said she spent 2 hours reading state law to see if what they did was legal. 

I can't help but feel like I made the wrong choice by calling emergency services. I feel like I put her through more pain by doing that. At the end of our conversation, she said she doesn't trust me anymore and I'll be the last person she'll talk to if she's ever in that situation again. I care so much about her and I don't know what I'd do if anything happens to her