Think I'm going to kill myself soonI've been dealing with depression and suicidal issues since I was a child, I'm now almost 21(f) and I think I'm nearing the end of my days.  
This isn't anything sudden and with some recent events in my life I don't think I can continue much longer.

Nothing makes me happy, and the only thing that did was my ex which obviously isn't going anywhere now. I haven't laughed much for so long, I don't find anything funny or entertaining, I can't hold down a job, I have constant physical chest pain from how sad I feel, all I do is lay around and cry anymore, my art which was my aspiring career doesn't mean anything to me anymore, music is all just noise, I can't watch TV shows or movies since nothing interests me, I can't even play video games since they make me so exhausted. I'm always just either numb and blank or depressed. I can barely hold conversations with people because everything people say is just some kind of noise that I don't even coherently take in anymore. It's literally like my brain is shut off and I can't turn it back on.  
I've been in therapy since I was 12, tried dozens of medications of every type you can imagine and am even medicated now, been hospitalized, attempted multiple times and worked through it, worked through severe self harm problems, etc. I've worked really hard on myself.

I have worked so hard to care about and for myself, self care to the max, going out with friends, talking it out and being honest with loved ones and therapists, trying to love myself, telling myself for years that things will get better and I wont always feel like this, looking in the mirror and complimenting myself, telling myself how much I love myself and am loved, I've never missed an appointment for my mental health, I tried eating right, I exercised and got in shape, I go hiking, I care for my pets, I try to clean and do household chores, I go on trips, absolutely fucking nothing works.

  
Almost nothing I do, say to myself, or try can press that little stupid fucking button in my brain that makes me feel any happiness, and it's driving me absolutely fucking insane. I can't fucking live like this much longer. I don't fear death. I've tried to scare myself and watch videos of people who've taken their lives and it doesn't deter me or frighten me, it brings on this disgusting feeling of jealousy. I'm ten times more scared of just being alive and living like I am now than death or the pain of death would bring.

Losing my ex fiance has made me lose my purpose, my reason to keep going, my reason to try harder every day. I do nothing but burden my parents with my bills since I can't work, I only have a few friends who I barely stay in contact with anymore, I spend my days just endlessly laying in bed starving myself and staring at walls hoping I wont wake up tomorrow now. I'm just fed up and exhausted with all the effort I've put in since I was a kid, only for things to slowly get worse and worse the harder I attempt to be happy and healthy.   


I'm not even sure why I'm writing this, maybe it's because I know I don't plan to say anything to any of my loved ones when I do finally plan the day and just want it off my chest. I just want to whine and complain about how fucked up I feel and how deep down the rabbit hole of depression I am now. I usually don't like to talk about it, I don't like to feed into those thoughts and feelings or make them stronger, but this past week I can feel my feet slipping and the true fact is that I'm giving up and giving into the thing I've waged war with for as long as I can remember. 

I'm so sorry for anyone who feels the way I do, I'm so sorry for anyone who relates to this. I wouldn't wish this and these feelings on any person... I hope death brings me peace when I do decide to leave. I feel like I was never meant to be alive and I was destined to die, whatever the hell went wrong with my brain I wish never happened, why me? I try so hard to be a good person, to do good things and help others and be polite and try to have high morals. I wish karma was real. I'm tired.