Out of options. Thinking about finding a quiet place to go die.Sorry, this isn't my first post. I'm sorry if I'm being a drain on resources.

My boss has been bullying me relentlessly over the past few weeks. I have no idea what crawled up her ass and died. I'd usually write this off as her just being a bitch, but I've had problems with school, work and getting along with others my entire life. I'm really awkward. When I try to be "nice" and "professional," I come off as fake and mocking. People just seem to want to see bad in me, and I have no idea why. 

I've been bad at everything, from day one-- sports (I'm clumsy), school (I was bad at math and science, and most teachers didn't like me-- I got bullied by them almost as much as I did other kids), jobs. I sucked as a dishwasher, a cashier, a waitress, a barista, a customer service rep, a dog walker, a baby sitter, a receptionist, a low-level code monkey. Eventually, a former employer put me in a job they were convinced I'd fail at that I actually turned out to be great at. Everyone was shocked-- oh hey, she's not a total throw-away person!

They moved me up to a full-time position doing that, which was great at first. Then, I got a bullying boss. I switched companies a year ago to get away from the first bully.... and now, my current boss is turning into a bully. I suspect she's squirreling away info to try to get me fired, and I can tell she's just itching for a fight-- probably hoping to provoke me so I'll say something stupid and she can fire me.

I don't even know what to do. I know HR is there for management, not workers. I can't go through being put on a performance development plan, or sitting in HR's office getting fake concerned looks from the HR lady, watching my friends' reactions when I tell them I've been fired again. I can't imagine starting my career over again-- I'm in my mid-thirties, and too old to start over. 

Even other alternatives seem daunting to me. I guess I could just stop working and have a baby and be a stay at home mom for a while, but why? Being my kid, the child will probably get bullied like I've always been-- if they're not outright taken away from me by social services, with what a police state this country has become. Go back to college? Why, so I can suck at school again? And I'm not really the freelancer type. 

I keep thinking about finding a nice, quiet place where I can just end my life. I don't want to keep disappointing myself and others, or constantly embarrassing myself, or even just playing this futile game of work, marriage and family everyone else seems to enjoy so much. I don't think medication is the answer (I was on meds for 3 years-- they caused me to sleep all the time and miss lots of stuff going on around me), I don't think moving away or changing my job is the answer... I'm just so tired of everything. 

I feel like I'm officially out of options. I don't even know what to do with myself anymore.