Just don't know what to do anymoreI'm 55 years old. My health isn't great (Hep C, COPD, Atrial Fibrillation). My husband died a year ago. Actually, Friday July 1 will be the one year anniversary. He and I ran a business together for 14 years (an Internet Service Provider business). When he died, I couldn't run the business by myself anymore so I had to close it. I found a job. It wasn't much but it paid the bills. I did have to cut out things I could do without. I cancelled my satellite TV, so I no longer have television. I got rid of all the "extras" on my phone bill. I quit using my air conditioning because I can't afford the electricity. My paycheck is paid through grant money and the governor of TN cut the budget and that grant was severely cut back so several weeks ago my hours were cut to 15 per week. Fifteen hours per week times $8.00 per hour is enough to pay my rent and nothing else. I live by myself with two cats and a dog. I may have to get rid of them (though who's going to want them?) because I can't afford pet food or kitty litter. Yesterday was my grandson's 5th birthday. I couldn't afford to get him anything. I am trying desperately to find another job but having no luck. I have a Masters degree in Biochemistry and used (many years ago) to work in research. I can't find a job like that now, probably because it's been so long since I have done that. I've applied for cashier jobs, lots of things, but haven't yet got the first interview. My lawn mower broke and I can't afford to fix it. If I can't keep the lawn mowed, my landlord isn't going to want me to stay here, but I sure can't afford to move (first &amp; last months rent, deposits...). I get food stamps, but only $200.00 a month and they don't last the month (I don't buy extravagantly). I just don't know what to do anymore. I wish I could die too. I REALLY DO. I don't see things getting better, I feel like I have nothing to look forward to. The only thing stopping me from killing myself is the thought of what it would do to my two grown children and my grandchildren. I'm afraid. I'm so scared of what is to come. I'm afraid I'm going to wind up homeless. I don't think I'll survive it if that happens. I just wish I could go to sleep and never wake up. I'm at my wits end and don't know what else to do, what else to try. Thanks for listening.