Trying only makes it worse, what is the point of trying? I'm less than white trash trailer trash..Seems lately that any attempts to improve my situation backfire and I end up digging my hole deeper.
I've disengaged completely from human contact, last time I hung out with a group I felt a panic attack come on so I drank, now I have a dui. I'm done with people.
I've withdrawn, disengaged and lowered my standards yet I can't even cut it as trailer trash in this world. Today is sunny and my camper is moldy, I figured washing it would help my depression and situation so I spend $50 on a bucket, bleach, good brushes w/ aluminum extending handle, soap, nozzle etc. only to have the landlord chew me out saying when I moved in the agreement was no outside washing. I don't remember that because I was drinking then and now I'm not.  Turns out I can't even wash my truck, that's great since I drive on the beach and now it's gonna rust away since I can't even rinse it . He's worried about the extra water usage yet I'm surrounded by molding campers.
The clincher is I've been without a functioning hot water heater since I got my camper and moved here roughly 4 months ago. I paid $500 for a new water heater and almost blew myself up hooking up the propane. It didn't even come with instructions. I crossed the AC wires and fried the $85 circuit board. I have the money to pay somebody to install it and make it well worth their while but I can't find  single person who knows what they're doing and I gave up cleaning my camper because it seems pointless, last time I cleaned when I stood up I hit my head real hard on the corner of a cabinet-ouch. Thankfully I have access to hot showers and hot water in the facilities main bathroom and there is a washer and dryer. Been using paper plates.
My cat is my saving grace.
I decided I'm not even gonna make an attempt to improve my situation except for my cat, I got her an electric drinking fountain. I'm holed up in my "cave" now and it can mold away for all I care. I've used so little water since I got here that washing my trailer would not have broke the bank. 
I'm too much of a puss to kill myself so I guess I'll rot in my apathy and hopelessness and wait for the earth to swallow me when the San Andreas fault finally goes. Not even gonna try and escape the incoming tsunami.