I know I'm a freakshow and a mistake. I should have been there for you Spanky. I'm sorry.I'm ugly. I have really ugly yellow buck teeth. Zits all over, and ugly hair. I was walking home from school when this kid is with his friends and says to them: "Look at those teeth! She looks like a squirrel!" He also yells something about Fixing my teeth to me from across the teeth.  I was waiting to go into a class, I had lots of energy so I danced. A girl walked by and called me a weirdo. I know I'm a mistake, why else did my mom used to holler at me when I was a kid? Why else do they not seem to care about how I feel, only wanting me to be their perfect school daughter. 

I'm sorry I wasn't there when my Dad went to kick you Spanky. I'm so fucking sorry. Your right Dad. It is my fault. I wasn't there to save you. I'm sorry I should  have held you with me. Maybe you would still be with me. You never deserved to die.  I should have been quicker to coming to you! I know you probably hate me because of that, but... I hope I can see you again and hold you tight and keep you safe. I'm sorry I wasn't there. I promise I'll fix this and see you again. The only way to fix it is dying. I'm a burden to those around me. I don't deserve to exist. When I do go, at least I won't have to her my screams for my dad to not hurt you. I won't have to hear you yelp in pain and in fear. I won't have to hear echos of Ava being beaten, and not having to constantly see the image of Dad carrying Ava's body over his shoulders. I won't have to hear her distant barking wanting to be let in from the freezing cold. I promise I will see you both again.  

Nobody will have to look at my ugly face anymore, Won't have to see my weird ass self. I don't deserve to exist. I just drive people away. There is nothing you can to to save me now. It's too late for me anyways. There is no more happiness left in me. Not like I used to. There is nothing you can say or do to make me want to live. I don't want to. I've lost to much. I'll never be happy again. I don't deserve to live here with you all. I  am a mistake. I am a freak. A Beaver, a Squirrel, an Anorexic Beaver, a Chipmunk. Nobody will miss me. I'm just a retarded piece of shit. I am a burden to my friends. Bones Ghost, Bubbly Sayu, Johbot, Kongjie, and my few IRL friends, if you are reading this, I know you'll do better without me. I'm sorry I didn't take your advice. Life is just to painful. The kids at school won't miss me, but I'm sure they'll forget me. After all, nobody there really knows me. I'm not worth your time so don't bother trying to convince me otherwise.