Having a bad nightI didn't think I'd wind up posting here, but I promised my wife I wouldn't hurt myself and I told her to go up to bed because she has to get up for work in 5 hours and she needs to sleep instead of babysitting my distraught arse.

I'm having a really low dip. Everything is piling up on me and I feel like I might finally break. I keep thinking obsessively about hurting myself or doing really risky things or relapsing on my alcohol recovery or just plain killing myself. I thought maybe if I write out the things that are bothering me, it might help, and I guess here is as good a place as any to do that.

I have borderline personality disorder and I have also recently been diagnosed with bipolar. I was extremely reluctant to accept the bipolar diagnosis, even after a hospital stay and three or four different doctors telling me that I need to accept that I have it so that I can be medicated. I did so well in DBT that I had started to hope that I could get completely better with just therapy and without medication. My experiences with medication have been bad... ranging from one tipping me into a self-destructive mania, and one triggering a potentially serious allergic reaction, as well as the usual brain fog and weight gain complaints. I'm being pressured now to be medicated and I don't want to. It scares me.

I'm also very queer. I'm in a same sex marriage, female assigned at birth, although I identify as male and my wife is perfectly okay with this. I haven't transitioned physically or legally, though. Today, I finally came out as transgender to my mother, and she was amazingly supportive and understanding, just as she was when she learned I was 'gay'. I felt briefly happy and relieved after I told her, but later in the day I just collapsed into a pit of depression and self-loathing, feeling like a complete and utter freak, just 'wrong' in all the ways it is to be wrong. I feel like the eternal sinner; bisexual, transgender, mentally ill, perverted, sadomasochistic, aggressive, sick in the head and wrong. Just an absolute trainwreck of a person who deserves to suffer and be punished.

My home situation adds an extra dimension of pressure. I live with my wife... and her parents and her grandma and my wife's sister and sister's husband. There are 7 of us in total living here, soon to be eight as sis-in-law is pregnant. Sis-in-law and her husband are hardcore vegans who make me feel very uncomfortable because they are judgemental and make their disdain of our choices obvious. I absolutely respect their choices, but I hate living with them. We all share a bathroom, too, which squicks me out on a very personal level because I have a lot of privacy and hygiene issues.

My wife and I desperately want to move out, but it's just not feasible on her single income, and I am too much of a useless lump of shit to hold down a job, nor can I even drive to get to one.

TL;DR: I have a very supportive mother and wife, but am feeling absolutely awful right now. Deep sick pit of despair, dread and self-loathing. Hate myself, want to hurt myself, want to die. Don't know what to do, where to go, how to carry on. Don't want to go back in the hospital, it was useless and put us in even more debt. Just want to feel better. I'm afraid of what I might do in this bleak state, so depressed but also so agitated and driven by the wheels of this mad sickness in me.

Someone please just talk to me.  