Never Ending EmptinessI'm a 23 year old male that still hasn't started his career yet, just non stop studying. The only relationship I've ever had, lasted 3 weeks and I was 17 at the time. I haven't even physically touched a girl since then. To be honest I haven't even had sex yet and the only thing I ever think about is what's wrong with me without hope of an answer. The thought "I want to just disappear with the flick of a switch" keeps echoing in my mind constantly, everyday.
I'd attempted suicide by grabbing a bunch of pills from the medicine cabinet when I was 18 but ever since then I've only had thoughts of doing it as I've realized the repercussions of committing such an act. I've got a normal life with a part time job whilst studying my bachelor degree, however I still live with my family, which makes it even harder for me to actually go through with the act. 
Seeing their faces everyday just reminds me of the pain and suffering they would go through if I ever committed suicide; not just them, but my many friends as well. I don't know why I can't find someone to be with, I've been told by my female friends that I'm super nice and am good looking as well but every girl I ever meet just ends up friend-zoning me or just plainly has no interest in me. I just don't know what's wrong with me. The emptiness just grows.
I inherited an addictive personality from my late alcoholic grandpa and have been abusing drugs and alcohol to cope with my depressive feelings since I turned 15. Sometimes I feel like weed is the only thing that's kept me sane and level headed whilst dealing with the demons in my head. Then other days I feel like it's the fuel to my depressive fire. I've been cutting down on all substances a lot lately and am planning to stop completely soon, but the emptiness just grows deeper in me and I just feel so trapped. No matter what I do in life, nothing feels fulfilling, it feels like I never accomplish anything. 
I just want my existence to disappear and for it to be like I was never even here. That way I'd be wholeheartedly happy to leave this earth.