i cant think of any reason to live anymore..i really dont know what to do anymore, ive lived with depression for nearly as long as i can remember, Im always sad and lonely even though there may be people around me. im running out of reasons why i shouldnt just be done with this and off myself 

i doubt anyone would miss me. not properly anyway, my family basically hate me. we fight all the time over pointless things. whenever they go to family things such as the cinema or go out for food they leave me behind. 

i dont really have any real freinds, none that i would tell close things to (no one whatsoever that i could speak freely about my depression to) when im with them its like they dont notice me. i feel excluded and so isolated which makes me feel even worse, some of them even use me for a means to an end. i would make jokes but no one would laugh. ask a question and not get an answer, make a suggestion and not even be acknowledged. it makes my stomach get all tied up and my heart to feel like its beating is so heavy. make me feel worthless, like im not fit to be the dirt under their fingernails. 

As for a job i was let go. i wasn't needed anymore so they just packed me up and sent me away, and i thought i was doing pretty good at the job, i guess my superiors didn't see it the same way. that was two months ago and from then on and havent been able to get another job no matter how hard i try. ive dropped countless cvs into stores, restaurants, offices, warehouses and nightclubs. no one wants to hire me

as to a love life i dont have one, my probably one and only ever girlfriend broke up with me over 2 years ago, i loved her but apparently she didnt feel the same way anymore. and my hearts been broken ever since.

now for myself, im not even got anything good for me. im quite fat but not obese and not even the slightest bit attractive, and im not even willing to do anything about it because im always too depressed to do anything like exercise anymore its like i dont want to do anything anymore. i not even smart. im average so i dont even have that going for me, the only thing i thought i had going for me was that i thought i was once pretty funny. but now im not even that im just a shell of who i was used to be

lately this depression has ruled my life and im so sick of feeling this way, im so sick of being sad. im so sick of being lonely all the time. im sick of having no one! i dunno what else to do really... other than kill myself.  my life at the moment is a never ending cycle of sickening feelings of sadness and torment. its like never ending torture in my head and i can never get it to stop. 

the reasons to just end it all just keep piling up and i cant find any to stay..