People envy my success, but don't know the first thing about what I've gone through to get thereTake a snapshot of me now: A female in her early twenties. A Harvard graduate with no student loans and a six-figure job. 

At this point, you probably think that this must be a complete joke, right? How could there be anything wrong with someone such as described above. This is how nearly everyone that I interact with, friends or mere acquaintance, view me. They only see a snapshot of my life now, make their assumptions and then become angry if I ever reveal the fact that I am anything less than happy.

For ten years, I was abused at home as a little girl by my father. The slightest thing would set him off. He'd drag me across the floor by my hair, throw things at me, hit me, if I "did something" later in the evening, I'd have the fun of him chasing me in his underwear trying to grab me, hit me, whatever. I always just thought this was normal, that every child went through this when they "were bad". Coupled with the barrage I received at home, I was bullied relentlessly throughout two separate elementary schools, straight up through eighth grade-- ugly, nerd, poor, I looked like a dog that should be shot...the list goes on and on.

When I was ten, my father threw a TV remote at my head. I went into school crying the whole next day. When my mother found out, she told me I better go back in there and say I made the whole thing up. So that's what I did, sat down, shut up, covered it up for them and carried on.

All the while school was my constant focus. I loved to learn and I did it obsessively. Books were constantly my escape. When people say shit like "Wow, you're so smart...I wish I was smart...You're lucky you're smart," it does nothing but push my buttons--yes, because I guess I was just born with it, certainly no Maybeleines involved.

Luckily the physical/verbal abuse subsided in high school. I attended an inner city public high school. I kept myself so busy that I was never home-- band, mock trial, debate, volunteering, you name it. I worked painfully hard, studying until 3am many nights, sometimes falling asleep in classes/extra-curriculars the next day. I kept going, never looking back, always pushing ahead past exhaustion. I went on to become valedictorian of my high school. I had a lot of respect from people, but only in response to the snapshot they could see. It was here that I found out my loving father had stolen $20k worth of savings bonds that had been set aside by my family for me to attend college. I had absolutely nothing financially for school now. 

By some miracle, I was accepted by Harvard and Stanford, each of which were one of the only schools to offer full tuition to anyone whose parents made under 200k. When I tell people where I went to school, again so many assumptions get made and I can see the envy begin to stir up in them, but the part they don't know is that had I not been accepted, I wouldn't have been able to so much as afford community college. But all of a sudden I get shuttled from growing up poor/lower middle class in the inner city to the assumptions that I must be rich, privileged, a true piece of the elite. I no longer belonged anywhere because all people see is a snapshot of who I am, not where I've been.

It's been a few years, I worked full-time a million different odd jobs through college, from cleaning toilets to bartending and catering to being an EMT to taking care of very, very sick kids. At the end of it all, I graduated with honors. I've hopped from a couple post-grad jobs and have received some really "good" offers, but this is where I'm at: This whole game that we're conditioned to play, this capitalism nonsense-- why the hell do I even want to play? Why do I want to contribute to a system, the very system that perpetuates abuse, that places price tags on everyone and everything, something I've known too well. I don't want to do it, I don't want to be a cog contributing to the decimation of our land and our oceans and our air, a contributor to greed and disparity making the few richer, pushing every agenda but that which would affect change to the benefit of many. 

I totter on the line of depression and suicide frequently. Whenever I am employed in a regular, standard, routine job doing the same thing over and over, it comes over me like a dark storm. But no one I know understands, they think I should feel lucky and happy with such a job. I feel nothing but discontent towards a system that so many never seem to even try and challenge.

I don't know where I belong.