I'm Back From My AttemptHello. After my post yesterday finally talking about my problems with anxiety, my breakup, depression, and suicide attempts, and klonopin addiction. I did it again, I attempted to hang myself in my closet. I obviously failed at this attempt and am alive right now, I actually woke up with the belt still around my neck and some kind of marks on my neck that didn't go away during the day. Because of that I had to go to school with a hoodie on all day to hide my neck. One kid actually commented on the obvious marks and made a joke about hanging my self but I just blamed it on something else and laughed with him. Earlier, I was taking a shower and I began to split blood non-stop as well. I don't know if that is a side effect of the hanging but it's whatever. I wanna give you guys my story so I can finally be free and someone will know why I attempt every night. My real name is Charlie hence the "Charlie,Echo,Delta" username. I am currently in High School and have problems with my parents fighting all the time. I bought a brand new Jeep by myself in 2016 and a few days ago my Dad was driving it and got T-boned by his fault so now that is gone. They don't know that I have suicidal thoughts still as I lie about those to my doctors and them. I just want it to be over, I am afraid that my Bipolar medication isn't working enough and I can't tell why I keep attempting to kill myself. I have nothing though, I lost all my friends when my depression started because I distanced myself and it became a problem. I am not even sure what this post is about. Maybe my story? Maybe a call for help? I don't know anymore. I just wanted to share since I try to help our and ghost around this subreddit most of my time on Reddit (More then other subs). I hear all of your stories and more and I just wanted to say thank you all for sharing and what you do. Thanks everyone for everything and being supportive in this subreddit and thanks mods for being a cleanup for the trolls. I appreciate you all and I will try to get better from here on out. If I don't respond in this sub someday then you will know what happened to me. I will try to post here even if it's just a thread reply to show I am alive. I hope everyone is well and goodluck to everyone's journeys. I thank and respect you all. 