I'm sick of my life, and I'm constantly fantasizing about death19 year old male with no friends or girlfriend. I'm truly alone. Nobody cares about me at all, not even my family. They just tell me to bottle up how I'm feeling, which is always helpful, right? I live off of "disability" pay and services, even though I don't have one. The people supposed to be helping me with my life goals tell me that they'll help me with jobs, school and other goals of mine, but it's obvious they aren't doing anything. They'll tell me they have job contacts, and months later, no interviews. I'm trying to upgrade a math course so I can get into business school at a college to do accounting, but it doesn't make me feel better thinking about it. I'm afraid I won't do well.

Everyone's just lying to me, telling me they care, but deep down they don't at all, and seem to think I'm incapable of working a job or having independence. I'm stuck living in subsidized housing with a roommate who doesn't care about me any more than anyone else. I'm sick of everyone showing such disregard for my feelings. Whenever I have a future or not, one thing is certain; nobody gives a shit whenever I succeed or not, in their eyes I'm not worthy of success.

I saw in the news a story about an 18 year old girl who had two part time jobs, college studies, and $10,000 saved for a car (the story was about rising car insurance rates), and here I am at 19 years old doing nothing but sitting in my subsidized home feeling sorry for myself, with barely any money for anything, no hope of getting a job because nobody will hire me, and an uncertain future.

I feel like such a failure, and have to deal with depression and anxiety on top of that. I'm thinking about overdosing on my medication, but I'm afraid I'll survive. I just want to stick a shotgun in my mouth and pull the trigger so I won't have to suffer in this life anymore.

I know for a fact that nobody will care or notice when I'm gone. I don't belong in this world, I really don't.