Had my first genuine suicidal thought in over a yearI wake up in the morning and I just want to die. All day the only thing I can think about is how much I hate myself. The last 2.5 years of my life have been hell. I genuinely did not know it was possible for a human to suffer this much. I can’t talk to anyone professionally. I can’t afford therapy, my mom doesn’t understand why I think I need it, and the last time I talked to the suicide hotline, they doxxed me and had the police kidnap me because I got angry at the woman on the other end for making an insulting insinuation about my family, they threw me in a psychiatric hospital, and all that did was make me afraid of the medical industry. I barely graduated high school and every time I try to go to college, I just can’t fucking handle it, either because I’m distracted by the stress I’m in 24/7 or because I have a learning disability and in the end, nothing they can do within the regulations of the system will help me. I can barely get a job because I’m utterly useless as a person. I lost over a year of my life to depression, suicide attempts, and pills that did nothing for me, and even now that I’m technically “cured”, I wonder why the fuck it matters because I sure as hell don’t feel happy. Am I supposed to feel grateful that the scars on my body aren’t visible at a glance anymore? At the end of 2018 I left an abusive sexual relationship and suffered for it all throughout 2019. I really, really wanted to stay silent but I was terrified into coming forward because I feared not doing so would mean that I would be isolated until no one would listen to me and someone else would get hurt. For a year I’ve had to relive the experience over and over and over again because it turned into a big deal and I guess I dug my own damn grave. I’ve lost friends, I’ve been harassed, I’ve been called a liar and an attention seeker by more people than I can count. I’m ashamed to think of how the environment I was in encouraged me to be unsafely promiscuous and so openly sexual that I was like a different person. I’m probably never going to be able to have sex again because I literally have no idea what a healthy relationship looks like. Sometimes I hear the couple who live below me screaming at each other and banging furniture and I force myself to put my ear to the floor until they’re done so that I can be sure that they’re both alive by the end of the day. Before I started living here, I lived with a roommate who drilled it into my head that I was an ugly, annoying bitch who had to go on a strict diet immediately because when we finally met, he decided I wasn’t attractive after all. It fucked up my view of my body. I just can’t be happy no matter what I do. One thing after another and IT NEVER ENDS. I wouldn’t be shocked if I become an alcoholic again once I hit 21. It hurts to think. It just hurts to think.