Mock Examination Week tomorrowHey,

I just want to say thank you so much for listening through my problems on "Too much is expected for a teenager"

I just wanted to give you an update for those who cared through my last post about what might happen in the next few weeks and that if I don't reply to the comments by then, I'm probably dead or I've run away.

For starters, The exam in school is the one thing that really pisses me off, and pisses most people off in school. But thats not what this is about, this is about how people can only be happy if they waste their childhood for **A PIECE OF FUCKING PAPER!**  

Like I said in the last post I did on here, I'm not smart my family just don't want to accept that. But my mum made a deal with me, and by made a deal I mean forced into a deal, that if I don't pass my Mocks she would be selling one of the very few things that keep me sain in this fucking world, my PS4 Pro. Obviously I love gaming because otherwise this wouldn't matter, but of course my life evolves over other people's happiness and that nothing else matters. The Playstation 5 is coming out in 2 months and my Birthday is coming up in 1 month and 2 days (29th Oct) but If I don't pass the Mocks, I won't be getting the Playstation 5 and she would break my PS4 pro right in front of me. I'm not sure how alot of people would understand my POV but if you do, you know that this is my last straw.

Thats all I can really say right now as I do have 16 Exams up until this weeks Friday, but I'm not writing this reddit post to bitch and moan and see people tell me how they don't give a fuck, I know you don't give a fuck, I just think it's fair to let the people who do give a fuck know that I'm ok and that I appreciate them for understanding this mistake of a kid.

Like I said if I don't post back soon or reply, I've obviously done something stupid but thats what people expect of me, some stupid kid fucking up everyone elses day. Thank you to those who have understood me from the first post and If something happens to me, I want this account to be read out to my parents so my death won't be for nothing, so they understand that I'm a fuck up and that they failed to accept that.

Again, Thank You for caring and maybe goodbye but I hope you know I appreciate what everyones done for me and said to me to make me feel more "normal"