39-year-old new father with no hopeI found this subreddit a few days ago, while googling “Life:1 Me:0”. I was curious if someone(s) else had ever used that phrase in the way I was thinking of it at the time; that life has completely, utterly and irreversibly kicked the shit out of me; that I had no future, no hope left. I was kind of curious if anyone had used it as a suicide note.

That search led me to this sub. And the past few days I’ve been thinking about posting, but I wasn’t really sure what to write. I know I’ve been having suicidal thoughts… both in the form of sudden, emotional urges that come and go; and in the form of what seem like very rational thoughts about what options I have, that end up at that same point.

But then also for a while now, I’ve been wanting to share what I’m going through. I don’t have anyone I feel comfortable telling the full story to. The closest is a dear friend who I think could listen, understand, and give advice; but he also lost a sibling to suicide, so I don’t think he’d be impartial on all of it; nor would I want to make him afraid of losing someone else. So I’d been thinking of doing something like an anonymous blog sharing what I’m going through. But then I realized, maybe that’s really what I should be posting here.

Even just a year ago, if you asked me to describe the worst my life could possibly get, I never would have imagined it could get this bad. If you’d told me, I wouldn’t have believed you. The circumstances lining up so perfectly horribly is so incredibly unlikely. It’d be like winning the lottery in reverse.

There’s of course a good amount of backstory and detail, but I’ll try to just hit the highlights (lowlights?). Because I’m not comfortable sharing this fully with anyone who knows me, there may be some parts that are annoyingly vague. My apologies.

I’m in my late 30s. For most of the past 6 years, I’d been in a job that I hated with every fiber of my being. In the first 18 months, it was clear it was destroying my mental, emotional and physical health. The kind of job where to even function, you’d have to daily do 10+ things that messed with other peoples’ lives and made you hate yourself. I’d go through periods where I had panic attacks, emotional breakdowns; and at the same time, go through cycles of physical sickness. One time I had an awful stomach bug, immediately followed/overlapped by pinkeye, immediately followed by a throat infection, immediately followed by a vicious flu, immediately followed by another throat infection. It was obvious to me that the physical and mental stress were weakening my immune system. But it took me 5 years to get in a place where I could leave (mostly due to finances—in part because the pay was so much better than I could have gotten doing anything else). It wasn’t that horrific for all of the 5 years, but the whole time (after those first 18 or so months) I felt like I was holding my breath until I could finally walk away --even in the best of times.

Simultaneously, my wife and I were trying to have a baby. For most of my life, I hadn’t wanted kids. I love my parents, and I don’t blame them for their mistakes… but they made some serious ones, and I didn’t want to do the same to an innocent person. I also wasn’t sure it was a good idea to bring someone into the world; I was mostly undecided on whether life was really a good thing. I’d never found meaning or lasting happiness, and while I’ve had some incredible moments and great joy—it’s all been fleeting. But in my early 30’s I decided I did want a kid. I don’t know if they were selfish reasons – I mean, what is a selfless reason to have a kid? But for me, I wanted to care about something beyond the span of my own life. I wanted to have someone I loved in a way unlike any I’d felt before; and someone that would have a unique love for me. I wanted to “level up as a person”, as someone had once described it to me. And my wife wanted a kid too, so we tried.

It took a long time – 5 years of trying, for a variety of reasons—but in late 2016, she got pregnant.

Around the same time, things were starting to line up for me to leave my job. The pay had enabled us to pay off most of our debt, and even have a little bit of a savings. In early 2017, I finally quit. In large part, because I wanted to be in a job that wasn’t killing me by the time I became a father.

I had almost 4 months from the time I quit until the due date, and a little bit of savings as a cushion, so I had time to look. I committed myself to finding a better career. I explored several promising options. But none had panned out by the time my daughter was born in mid 2017. I was disheartened, and we were burning through our savings. But I still had hope I could find a career I didn’t hate, and still support my family.

And then came the day she was born; the day my world started falling apart.

She was born with a horrible recessive genetic disease. A disease pretty much no one should be born with these days, as it’s easy to screen for. In our case, since we did IVF, it could even have been detected before embryo implantation. But it wasn’t screened for then, for some reason, even though it’s standard practice to offer that screening to parents. It was screened for later, but the doctor missed a key sign, and we (and the medical team) thought we were clear.

Of course, we weren’t. Our daughter was born in critical condition, due to complications of the disease, and spent most of the rest of 2017 in the intensive care unit. It was touch-and-go for weeks, and then uncertain future for months. I still wasn’t working, and neither was my wife; we spent most of our days in the intensive care unit at her side; reading to her, talking with doctors. We were still burning through our savings, but things weren’t dire yet, and we knew we had to be there for her. Any day things could turn the corner and she’d be able to come home, so we couldn’t just go back to our lives and leave her there. But it took months. Finally, after many surgeries and lots of drugs, she pulled through the worst initial dangers, and was released into our care. 

She still had lots of problems, though. Round-the-clock hands-on care required, tons of medication, always connected to life-supporting medical equipment. We weren’t equipped to deal with that at home. But we did our best. The first few weeks, it was just us… due to insurance snafus and bad legal advice, we didn’t have home assistance for those first few weeks. We barely slept, stopped exercising, ate whatever we could find in a few seconds in the cupboard or just ordered pizza again. Constant scares and stresses as her health waxed and waned, as new symptoms appeared or existing ones worsened for a bit, as medications were adjusted. One professional we’ve talked to since then is fairly certain my wife and I both developed PTSD from this period.

Eventually, insurance help (on-site care assistance, for part of the day, a few days a week) came in, and some relatives were able to get out to visit and help. And my daughter’s health started to improve a little. Still round-the-clock care, life-supporting equipment, and medications; but not quite as demanding, and not as scary. This meant we could finally sleep, and even do a little bit of normal things like grocery shopping and paying bills. But we still had more to do each day then we had time to do, still didn’t have much time for self-care. And we still weren’t working yet. Savings were almost gone, and we were starting to rely on financial help from family members.

Before this had happened, I’d actually at one point said my personal hell could be dealing with insurance companies all day. Some evil god must have been listening, because now I spent hours on the phone with insurance companies; awful, scammy medical supply companies; and insanely, frustratingly, inefficient government agencies --every single day.

Before any of this had happened, I’d had some health problems. I’ve had them most of my life, and they were the kind of thing that weren’t life-threatening, but certainly could become problems longer term if not closely managed. And in the shorter term, tended to cause me a lot of discomfort and/or pain. GERD, plantar faciitis, digestive problems, environmental allergies, that kind of thing. And of course, with all this now going on, I couldn’t spare time to do everything I needed to do health-wise. So problems (and discomfort and pain) started cropping up. And in the months following my daughter’s birth, I was diagnosed with a couple new ones… nothing life-threatening, but just further decreasing quality of life. 

Also in these months, one of my parents, after a terrible battle with a neurodegenerative disease, passed away. They’d been unable to travel to the hospital, and my daughter had never been able to leave the hospital. So they never met, despite their lives overlapping by many months, and despite living only 30 minutes away from each other.

The disease my daughter has --besides causing the problems that almost ended her life as soon as she was born-- is usually the kind of thing that doesn’t bother you at first. (She just happened to have rare major complications right at birth.) But it usually takes time, progressively getting worse over (usually, if you’re lucky) 2-3 decades. And then when it gets bad enough, body systems start breaking down, and eventually stop functioning. Usually in a pretty awful way. In the meantime, in the decades before it gets fatal, it causes a lot of inconveniences and pain. In fact, it causes a lot of health problems very similar to the ones I’d had my whole life, only much worse versions of them. This aspect of the disease was one of the hardest things for me to hear about. I thought about all the awful, painful experiences I’d had –the worst physical issues I’d had to deal with in my life so far, as trivial as they seem now-- and imagined my daughter going through all of them, but many times worse. Hearing that, realizing that, was just so, so painful.
And all of this, if she makes it through the initial health problems, is what she still has to face.

So another thing about this disease she has, is although it’s progressive, the reason it often takes a few decades to kill you, is that it can be managed. An intense, difficult daily treatment regimen is required to keep it at bay for those 2-3 decades. But you’ll still have scares along the way; you might catch a flu that triggers worse things because of this disease, for example, and you might spend a couple months in intensive care, before maybe pulling through again and returning to somewhat normal life for a while.

Medical science on this disease is moving at an amazing pace, and there is a chance – a very small one—that she’ll be able to live a lot longer than people with this disease have in the past. Maybe even live until a cure. But that small chance seems like a foolish thing to hope for.

Progressive, life-shortening, unpredictable, and with an intense daily treatment regimen. One of the worst combos for quality of life, for economic cost, and for impact on your loved ones.

Apparently, that particular combo of attributes is pretty much the most emotionally damaging setup possible for parents, too. You fight, and your child fights, every day, a losing battle. But you have to keep fighting, and keep seeing it win. Keep seeing your kid tortured, weakened over time, with no option but to keep trying to slow it down a little. 

I’ve learned that if a child dies young, parents grieve; they usually divorce; and they continue to live their lives. It’s awful, but they move on.

If a child has a progressive, life-shortening disease, that nothing can be done about, but it’s predictable; that’s awful too. But similarly, there is a grieving process, an acceptance process. 

But if a child has a progressive, life-threatening disease that’s unpredictable? The parents can never properly go through the stages of grief, never get the emotional room to properly process and accept the situation. They hover and shift back and forth between stages. This happens, for example, to parents with long-term critical preemies in the intensive care unit. It’s damaging to them. But in that particular case--eventually, weeks or months, it’s over, one way or the other, and they get to live the rest of their lives, despite whatever scars they picked up.

Not so with this disease. Or at least, not for decades.

Apparently some parents of children with this disease are able to find solace in religion. I’ve never believed in god. I kind of wish I did, to have someone to be angry at. Instead, I just despair at an impossibly bad roll of the cosmic dice.

So now here I am. Every day is a nightmare, on so many dimensions. Constant repetitive drudge work of machine maintenance and medication dosing, fighting a losing battle. Constant worry. Sleep deprivation. Nightmarish bureaucracy and infuriating bullshit runarounds from insurance and government programs that I have no choice but to deal with. Knowing that things might get better, for a bit –but then they’ll certainly get worse. Seeing my own health deteriorating. Watching our finances dwindle and circle the drain… and then seeing it start to drag my relatives’ finances down the drain, too. Knowing that my daughter’s short(-ish?) life will be filled with immense struggle, with incredible pain, and that I’ll likely watch her die a horrible death. Knowing that if/when that happens, my wife and I will probably break apart as many parents in these situations do, as we’ll each be an unbearably painful reminder to each other of our daughter.

Early in this saga, after my daughter’s birth, I was so depressed that I had trouble functioning. And my family needed me to function. I had an annual checkup coming up, and as part of it my doctor gave me a quick mental health questionnaire. Unsurprisingly, it raised a few seriously red flags. She ended up prescribing me Wellbutrin—which definitely helped a lot—and urged me to see a therapist. I barely had time, but I did go. The therapist listened to about half my problems… not even the worst ones… and said she couldn’t believe that could all happen to one person. That of course I was sad, and stressed, and I was doing all I could about it. That I should take better care of myself, and find someone to talk to (even if it was just her)… I didn’t find the session helpful in the slightest. And I didn’t have the time or money to go back and try again.

Another thing that is hopeless, to me, is the financial side. Pretty much the only way we are not going to lose our house, or bankrupt our extended family that's willing to help, is if I go back to that living hell of a job. The one that, when I finally walked out, I swore I’d never put myself through again. If I do that…I’ll almost never see my family; my health will fall apart; the stress will be just as bad as before, but now I’ll also have a never-ending crisis at home on top of that. I honestly don’t even know how I’d be able to do the job, be able to function. I barely could back when it was the only thing that sucked about my life. So now? Ha.

I’m continuing to take Wellbutrin—what my doctor says is the maximum dose--and it’s helping me function day-to-day. But I’m filled with anger and revulsion and despair, constantly at a low roar in the background. Sometimes in the foreground. I have moments of uncontrollable rage, when it all hits me, and I have to go someplace private and punch walls. I have frequent moments of utter despair where it’s all I can do to not swerve my car into oncoming traffic, or cut my arms open with a kitchen knife. I’m quite certain if I’d had a gun in the house, I’d have used it on myself by now in one of these moments. I’ve no hope that my life will ever get better, in fact I’m quite certain it’ll get worse and worse. That’s part of what’s so horrifying – I know however bad things have gotten, I could always see ways things can get worse. If things were the same as they are now, but I also had to watch my daughter coughing and struggling to breathe, for example. Or (as is currently a near-term possibility) she needs to get permanently hooked up to even more onerous medical equipment, with potentially awful side effects, that’ll mean she’ll almost never be able to leave the house.

I don’t really see a point in continuing to bear this torture. I know that choosing to leave will make things worse for my wife, and probably for my daughter. But I just can’t bring myself to care about that enough to tip the scales; the other side is so weighed-down. 

To be honest I don’t know how my wife can possibly handle this either. We’ve definitely commiserated a lot. But I don’t dare share my full thoughts with her… I can’t give her one more enormous thing to worry about.

When I was younger, and I thought about the concept of suicide, I always thought people were crazy for doing it. If I ever felt my life wasn’t worth living, I thought, I’d at least go do something crazy and fun. Rob a bank or party in Rio before overdosing, that kind of thing. But I completely understand now, there are places you can find yourself where running away won’t help; where guilt, regret and pain at what you left behind will follow you wherever you go on earth. I never would have imagined I could feel that. I guess that’s what being a parent can do to you.

I’m hoping putting this into words will help me at least a little; either to feel better to have shared it, or to get some clarity on a path forward, or maybe even find some useful advice or perspective. Thanks for reading.
