Can’t deal with this life anymore.I’m 24 and I’ve been suffering for severe depression and anxiety since I was 13. There were ups and many downs along the way, especially when I unexpectedly lost my boyfriend. I was there when he died, but I couldn’t do anything to save him unfortunately. We were swimming by the way, but the waves were stronger than him and I tried everything I could to make him stay, but I couldn’t. The memory of him still haunts me every single day, and I wish I could’ve swapped places with him.

Since then, I’ve dropped out of 2 different colleges because I couldn’t cope with my anxiety and it killed me inside. I felt like a complete loser and a failure. 

Last year, I attempted suicide for real. Like I already tried to leave this pathetic world before without really going that far, but this time it was different. I took over all pills I could find around me because I couldn’t handle the pain of being here anymore. My anxiety made it impossible for me to have a normal life. I ended up in hospital and went through the cleaning up process which uses the tube, etc. It was an horrible experience. My attempt didn’t work and I had to go through that. I felt pathetic. 

I have to admit though, that I was doing better after my suicide attempt. I started to work and I went out more. My anxiety wasn’t stopping me from doing anything anymore, even though it was still there. That was last year. 

My depression made a comeback earlier this year when things were looking better for me. This year started badly and then it went up and now it’s worst than ever. I’ve rarely felt so bad about everything (apart from when my bf died). The day before yesterday, I tried strangling myself because I honestly felt like death was calling me again. One of my “friend” betrayed me and it was just one of those things which made everything worse. 

I don’t know when those suicidal thoughts will leave me for good. I have no hope left it me, and I just want to leave this place where I feel so pathetic about everything. I feel lost and I want to leave so bad, but I’m trying to survive for my family. Because I know they love me. I’m holding on, but really all I want to give up.