The world would be better off without me.I’m 23 y.o. from Thailand.

I came from a very cold family. My mom passed aways and my dad left me with auntie. From what I can remember no one ever says they love me. I never get a hug or a kiss from my family member.

Auntie always find a right word to hurt me like ‘you shouldn’t be born’ , ‘I can throw you aways anytime because your worthless’ , ‘even your own dad doesn’t want you.’ 
If she didn’t hit me or locked me up in closet she wouldn’t leave me alone. 
To this day I still wonder why she hates me so much.

I became trouble student as soon as I attended high school. I was a loner. I hate following other student like a group of monkey. I did Thai kickboxing so at school when I get bullied it would go down hard. I broke other student arm and leg. One time after I beat up the bully, I burned his backpack and I cut his hair. How did I get aways with this? My family is considered wealthy and influential so people who works at school wouldn’t dare to give me detention and I was doing good in classes so no one says shit. 

Graduated from high-school with good grade, passed national exam and got scholarship offered by good University but I never satisfied with any of these achievements. I had a metal break down and I needed a quick escape.

I hear this voice that has been with me since I was a kid. A voice which guided me through hard time when I had no one. The voice said that I have to run aways, so far that no one could hurt me. So I did. 

Like I said my family is wealthy so I had no problem studying aboard. I came to the US in 2015 and I’m still here. I recently graduated with Associate Degree from local college. 

But this is it. End of the line.

The voice in my head talked to me again but this time it said these no more future. No matter what I do, what I’ve achieved no one will ever be proud of me. Why? Because even my own dad doesn’t want me :) I’m a worthless piece of shit who doesn’t know how to grow up. I’m a coward who ran aways from my troubles. I’m a no body. 

Here’s the truth

I’m tired.
I’m lost. 
I have no purpose. 
I don’t belong anywhere.
I’m a burden to my family. 

The voice says everything will be fine and a void inside my chest will be full filled. I’d do world a favor when I’m gone. I planned the way out already. Last thing to do is to left this note. 

For whatever it’s worth, I’m almost home.