I won't wait any longer.I feel the urge to kill myself next week.Not joking.Hello people form Reddit. This is a repost because I mispelled the title.Sorry for the one who replied me.

The only thing I wanted to say is that I've been walking around after college and saw a perfect place for ending my life. I don't want anything back from life. Not even jerking off. I don't even want to talk.I don't want to do anything.I'm tired of this life. It could sound kind of sad when it comes from a person at such a young age.Almost a moment ago I've come to the conclusion that I'll end up my life without ever having known what love is.Giving it to someone and being given back.Also having sex, something apparently impossible for me right now.Any changes physically don't do anything.I'm actually fine.Not too good but fine. Don't try to bullshit me with "make a better version of yourself".I'm good-looking and quite handsome.Not something extraordinary but yes, honestly, I am.

I'm also tired of feeling loneliness and seeing how my family and the house we live physically falls apart in every way.I'm starting to hate my parents who don't give a shit about their children.All the fucking day smoking weed (my mother), tobacco (both) and drinking alcohol (my father). My house is a disaster and a complete mess-up. Everything is untidy or decaying. We have a leak on the ceiling of my bedroom but nobody fucking cares.I can't concentrate on anything inside that shitty house. I'm having academic problems as well.I've lost completely motivation.I don't give a shit.I'm just here procrastinating because I can't focus on anything.I want to cry all the fucking time but I don't find the moment because I have no privacy in this house. You can't even imagine how much I want to cry out.To let this out.All I have inside bottled up will suddenly burst out and by then you could be thinking of the worst.

I want to get a job or whatever but I don't know how to do a resume nor getting it .Like how come I get one? Where? I have no experience.I'm socially inept.I'm the worst.Why should someone hire me up? I see no future possible for me.The financial conditions in my country are just the worst for a youngster.If you're not the best in your field, fuck you! That's how it works.And that's what I'll do.Because they're forcing me to kill myself as I don't see any other way out.People who have a job complaining about shitty resumes inexperienced guys are trying to submit in order to fucking get a crappy job consisting in doing the dishes at a restaurant.That's what getting a job htese days is about.Guess what? You can get that job and stick it up your ass! (where the moon doesn't shine??)Competitiveness is wilder than ever.This is more than a jungle.I hope all this shit set up falls apart by itself and dies.

I'm also tired of my sexual orientation and sexuality, in general.
Tired of not being able to do anything because of my shyness.I Because I don't know how to date.Because I don't even know what I want out of life as a whole.I don't know if dating a guy is a good idea, even though I crave it more than anything.I want to have a family.It's contradictory, I know. However, I would come out as gay if I knew that my entire family wouldn't disown me nor reject me.Becuase above all things on Earth, the only thing I couldn't put up with, is my family not accepting me.I wouldn't care that much about others.I'm really scared, anxious, angsty, overcome, overwhelmed, burnt out... I've been lately more mournful than I've ever been.Nobody noticed it and they do well.It's just my business not theirs.I am not going to turn to anybody and whining while speaking about it.I am not going to. What I'll do is end it all.

I'm just a step away from death.I can actually feel the end of pain and some sort of relief. I'm only wishing to fall off that high place I've discovered unexpectedly when going home or being run over by a car or being killed by a stranger.