New suicidal state unlocked over the past few months. I think I’m pretty close now.I was sitting on a hillside surrounded by fireweed in full bloom. The glacier-carved valley I was in was beyond beautiful that day while I overlooked the lake beneath, but it hardly mattered to me. I felt... empty. I remember lying in the green staring up at how bright and vibrant the flowers were. Euphoria fell over me like a blanket. Was I tripping? Of course not, I hadn’t taken anything. But the flowers, they were so alluring, so mesmerizing. 

I remember I had this overwhelmingly surreal sensation of belonging, out there, in nature, my ultimate solace. All the pain washed away and suddenly I had this desire to stay... forever. As if the earth itself was calling me to return to the ground so something else could grow out of me and the cycle could continue. I wanted to lie down in the flowers, slowly breathe out my last breath, and then have all manner of plants, fungi, and creatures consume and grow from me.

This has been a reoccurring theme all summer and I frequently have the thought that nature is calling me back to her, to dissolve back into the world and end this inkling of consciousness. The pain will end, the emptiness and loneliness will all be gone. Yes, by the nearsighted perspective of the human ego I will be dead, but what I physically am will continue on shifting, moving, and transforming into so many things through the grand scheme of time and the universe. It’s such a beautiful thought, and possibly the single observation of my existence that brings me peace now. My ruminations over such a thought elicit a nerve-shivering ecstasy I can’t even begin to describe. My nervous system is asking to be shut off and just thinking about flipping the switch is a drug I am rapidly becoming addicted to.

As I was saying, I often think my time is up, if not, it’s been up for a little while and I keep prolonging the inevitable while also furthering my agony. Resting in fields, standing on top of mountains, paddling through rivers, sleeping next to lakes, so many of my greatest joys but now are all a stark reminder of my much needed apoptosis. I was never meant to have children and continue on my genetic lineage. This branch ends with me. I have been a punching bag to every cognitive creature I have crossed paths with, a being of lesser fitness near incapable of competing in the vast social environments I am faced with. I strive to reach out with kindness, yet I’ve come to realize kindness is not the natural way of things. Maybe perhaps for reinforcing social constructs and ensuring a continuing of whatever agenda, be it natural or otherwise, the kindness may be tied to, yet that seems so cheap to me. Perhaps the understanding of kindness given to me as a child was far to fantasized. Nevertheless, I still feel compelled to give much of myself to others and perhaps it’s time for me to finally give everything.

I’m tired of watching this species rape, kill, maim, and destroy everything around it. While recently viewing firsthand how much several glaciers had receded since the last I saw them, and in seeing in person all these fires turn my favorite places into apocalyptic landscapes, I’ve come to realize this chapter of the story is almost over. I can’t stand to watch it all burn and die, though I take a great deal of comfort in knowing something always rises from the ashes.

Mostly I’m just tired. Being an overly sensitive male is a curse I wouldn’t wish on my worst enemies. No amount of masking, acting, or pretending can hide it and embracing it only opens you up to more pain and disappointment. I’ll certainly follow in my mom’s footsteps in due time. I just wish there was a way to do this without hurting my family and what friends I have.