How should I die?It has been a week (?) trying to keep up the convo with the life coaching line provided by our company. They seem to respond poorly. I never get to the point why I wanna die already. So, I’ll just post here and rant about my life. This will become my suicide note — the one that’s hard to find. No one knows I’m on reddit. Or if anyone knows, they don’t know how to use the app and/or they don’t know that I post here. Because I vent out on Twitter all the time.

Let’s start with my family, on how I became the biggest disappointment amongst my sibs...

Eldest is a CPA, she never failed any subject, quiz, exam, etc. in school. She is very bright and humorous. My parents loves her. Bought her a laptop when she graduated from college. Which is a big thing because we are not rich. Second is now a CpE. My parents bought him almost all kinds of instruments (e.g. electric guitar, acoustic guitar, drum set, bass guitar, violin, keyboard, and many more) and supports him on his every gig (my mom is always there on the front seats when they perform) since he is very good in music. He is now working in Japan. They both are graduate from a high-end University.

And I am the youngest. I never graduated from college. I took 2 years and finished pre-Dentistry at a so-so school, but never got to Dentistry proper. Why? I got pregnant at 18. My parents threw me out of the house while I was pregnant. I lived with my then boyfriend (that is also undergraduate and doesn’t have a job) at a squatters area. Neighbors are drug addicts, a person dies every other day because of illegal drugs, police are around the area every nights, some houses are caught on fire (which, everyone though it a movement of some vigilantes because those houses are ‘spots’ where people do drugs). I gave birth and still lived there for another 3 months.

I went home to my parents since I don’t want my daughter to grow up in that kind of environment. My parents finally accepted my daughter. I found a new boyfriend who has a stable job, he is my boss on my new job. I lived with him for (6 or 7) months, while my daughter lives with my parents. He abuses me physically, emotionally, and sexually. (I don’t wanna talk about it in details.) So, we broke up, left my job, and I lived with my parents for a couple of months. And, after I found my new job, I also found my new boyfriend. The one I have now. I love him so much. We’re running at almost two years now.

We already have my daughter together with us for a year now. Here’s the story of why:

My now boyfriend and I went over to my parents’ since they want us to took after my daughter because all of ‘em have something to do that day. There’s no problem. We even went out on a family date (just the three of us). And when we got home, my father is already there drinking himself to death. And talked to my boyfriend. When he is drunk, he makes these unrealistic scenarios. And because of that, he thought my boyfriend isn’t serious about our relationship. My dad pulled his gun out to frighten my boyfriend. We went away from there and after a few weeks, we took my daughter with us. We are now a family, finally.

My kid is turning three, and I don’t feel like I am being a good (enough) mother for her. There are times that she doesn’t have milk anymore, or diapers. She’s not even going to school yet. I feel like I can’t provide her the basic needs she should have. And my boyfriend doesn’t seem to understand me when I vent out to him. He doesn’t listen very good. But I love him. And I love how my kid loves him too. I don’t thing I’m giving them, both, enough to keep me as their mother and partner.

My shitty life and low-paying job is not enough to live anymore. For some, this may be too shallow. But, fuck, I’m sorry. I’m sorry for this long post, too.

I just don’t want to live anymore since I don’t feel like I’m doing enough. It never leaves my mind on how worthless I am. I just wanna kill myself already and end this miserable thoughts and what-ifs...

How do you think should I die?