i can’t find the will to live anymorei’ve felt this way before, a bunch of times. like i couldn’t do it anymore, and i was just going to end myself. i’ve failed all those other times, but this is different. it’s like more and more things keep piling on to my life. and the stress is just becoming unbearable. i can’t ever catch a break and when i try to, something else just gets in the way. 
i wish i could find a reason to live but there really just isn’t one anymore. i know i have people who love me. but most of the time it just feels like they aren’t even there for me at all like they say they are. like i have to go out of my way to get help from the few friends i have, even when it’s obvious that i need it. 
the only thing really really making me second guess myself is how it will affect my mom. i can’t imagine the pain she will go through. me and her aren’t close, and never really have been. but i know she still loves me. i know she’ll wish she did more, but really there was nothing more she could do. this is my choice. 
sometimes i think, maybe i don’t really want to die. i just want to escape my problems. but i can’t keep running from them anymore. they’re just getting worse. dying just seems so much easier. 
i wish i had more time before my life really got this fucked up. i’m only 19, and all of my teenage years have been spent on drugs and alcohol and whatever else i can do to keep myself distracted. 
i was happy once, not that long ago. i thought i was finally happy. and content. my boyfriend and i had been dating about 3 years, we were gonna move in together and start a life together. but things just got messed up. and ever since then my life has progressively gotten worse and worse now to the point where i don’t even want to live anymore. 
i wish i was better at writing all this out. i wish my story was more interesting than it is. 
i just wanted to write this down somewhere. like putting my words out into the world one last time. i don’t know. 

i hope it works this time.