I am seriously close to suicide, no idea what to do. Real advice neededI am 22 in Canada. There are lots of important details to all of this that dont want to get into. But basically I cant continue living the way I am and suicide seems likely.

I am dealing with immense self hatred since my entire life, also very isolated, never had friends, currentlly unemployed and pessamistic about my future. 

I am incredibly depressed. Every day is so painful. I have already tried meds, exercise, diet, cant make friends, therapy, self help books. I am moving too much and too self hating to make friends. 

Anyways basically I cant do this anymore. I need real action, not platitudes. If I die, i destroy my family and I miss out on the world. If I live, i go crazy and cant handle it. If i tell an authority, suicide hotline or doctor or therapist how bad i am doing, i will be hospitalized and forcefully medicated and it will ruin my life so thats not an option. I could tell my family but I am severely annoyed and almost slightly hate my parents and dont want to talk to them. They cant help me except try to throw money at me, take my guns away, and guilt me into living while being very unhelpful and annoying, that is not an option. I could tell my older sister, she is really helpful, smart and good at stuff like this. But ive spoken to her before and she immideately told my parents which was really uncool. I can guarantee if i tell her im suicidal, she will tell my parents. I have no friends to talk to. 

I am doing so poorly at this poi t, I also cant just wait it out and have a slow recovery. If I have my shotgun, and i cant have any friends and anyone real to talk to, it is bound to happen soon. Once I die, theres no going back, I dont want to die but I dont want to live the way i am living even more. And when I feel bad, i go insane and angry at myself and believe i need to die to punish myself.

Seriously guys i dont want to break my sisters' hearts and my parents hearts. I also cant talk to them and see no alternative. I need an actual solution or its fucking happening. 

I dont wabt to get into detail about everything thats going on. I need real world change. What the fuck do i do. If i die, i am sorry  thanks for reading