M(28) Venting and could be my last wordsNote: I've tried therapy and i still couldnt get over whatever i am feeling, i have nowhere else to talk about this, my best friend is not the kind of guy that would support you, he would just listen, i guess that's his personality, i couldn't talk to my parents about this because my mom is close minded old school woman that wont accept whichever is not logical to her, and my dad doesn't believe in depression. Please keep in mind that i love my parents and sister more than everything in this entire world.

So here's my life story, i'm the second born (I have a 6 years older sister), i am a mistake as my dad told me i wasnt planned, which made a lot of sense growing up into my family, my mom is a control freak and my dad didn't really bother getting involve whenever my mom and i have a fight.

My mom have a soft spot for my sister, i've always ignored that fact growing up, but when i hit a specific age everything became clear to me, i have these flash backs of whatever was going on and i start analyzing what happened in those situations. 

My mom used to torture me (literally) when i was young, like before i even started kindergarten, my dad used to go to work and my sister to school, my mom used to teach me french (I come from a tunisian family living abroad) and whenever i dont get something, she used to hit me first, i guess thats the way of teaching back in the old days, but sometimes she doesnt hit me, she gets me naked and put chili pepper on my penis and ignores me when i start crying my lungs out and want to wash my self with water, she starts bashing me, or kick me out of the house while i was naked.

I remember back when i was 5 years old, my dad used to buy me and my sister 1 ice cream stick (not sure if they're called ice cream sticks) each every Friday, my dad used to travel for work a lot, so there was this time when he had to go abroad for 2 weeks, and i didn't want to eat my ice cream, i wanted to save it till my dad gets back, so i could eat it a day or two before Friday. So there we are, my mom, my sister and i are watching Titanic, i remember my sister ate her ice cream 3 days prio to that day, anyway, in the middle of the movie, my sister goes to the kitchen and gets my ice cream, i remember looking at her and saying " thats my ice cream, dont eat my ice cream" but she opens it and starts eating it, and i start screaming (you have no idea how much i loved ice cream when i was a kid and how hard it was for me to not eat it that long cause i was waiting for my dad to gets back), my mom grabs me when i was screaming at my sister, slaps me, puts my head on the edge of the couch and spits in my mouth, then just sends me to my room, i was crying for hours and i've never ate an ice cream to this day.

So now that you get what kind of family i'm living with, fast forward to when i was 22 years old. My life routine is still the usual, fighting with my control freak mom every other day (at least she cant hit me anymore), However, my family developed a new trait by this time, you see, whenever my mom and i get into a fight, my sister and my dad stop talking to me for no reason (even if i wasnt the one in fault), whenever my mom knows that its her fault, she just starts crying, and i become the one to blame for that, i've suffered too much from all the unfairness going on in my family. 

At the age of 23 and without my family knowing, i decided to go to a therapist and talk about what was going on (i had other things to get off my chest other than my family problems). In that period of time i thought i had depression, i had the symptoms at least, i stopped eating properly, i barely had any sleep, i preferred staying alone in my room listening to metal core music, i stopped playing my guitar,i lost every interest there is. 

I was diagnosed with depression and started getting meds for it, it was all good for the first couple of years, however, by the age of 26 i've started getting these random suicide thoughts every now and then, i've decided not to tell my therapist about it at first because it sounded silly, i would never kill my self, i love drinking and video games too much, or thats what i thought.

these thoughts started getting in my head more often, every time i close my eyes before sleeping, or in the shower, or even in the middle of a csgo game, my mind just goes to blank and i start tearing up all of a sudden.

Fast forward to the age of 27, i've moved to Malaysia to finish my masters degree, and i start getting these "episodes", all im feeling is the urge to end my life, i just want to go to the kitchen, get a knife and end it all, so one i've decided i'd go through with it, i grabbed a bunch of random pills and swallowed them, i remember about 7 minutes later i started getting dizzy and i blacked out, only to wake up in the hospital. Turns out i had a fail suicide attempt, my flat mate found me knocked out on the floor in our apartment and called an ambulance. The doctor said those pills could've killed me and had to pump my stomach.

Here i am now, moved back to Tunisia because of the Covid-19 situation living with my family, and still having the same problems with my mom, my English isnt good enough to express what is really going on in this house and what i am really feeling, but if i could describe it in one word, it would be pain, a lot of pain.

I've been putting some serious thoughts into ending my life this week, it feels good to share this with whoever is reading it. Again, i really love my family after everything we've been through, but im tired of living in a family that shows you they never wanted you, and growing up seeing the huge difference in treatment between me and my sister.