Feel very depressed. Should I move with a friend?will soon be graduating and this is huge conflict in my family. I have father and my narcissist mother. I wanted to go abroad for studies after I graduate high school but my mother did everything to sabotage my plans or at very least that's how the things form. I wanted to do that since I was in 5th grade and all the time I get mixed responses from my mother. Sometimes it was "do whatever you want" , sometimes she agreed, sometimes she didn't, sometimes she acted like she doesn't care. Recently we discussed it and she yelled at me and said she will cut me financially. Maybe I am the one that is crazy but I think that's quite a blackmail. She can use that with everything. Anyways going abroad for studies was big goal of mine and I feel depressed it won't happen. On the other hand I always liked history and I even won history competitions.. she doesn't like that too. It's another thing we fight for often. It's not even normal arguing imo. Why she even wanted to have kid? . I also wanted to learn languages and I even spoke to her to let me take German classes with a teacher (not expensive ones) and she gave me mixed responses for that too, then refused. I feel very tired from it. I live in not very good country in EU and I just wanted better education and future. I am straight A student that never did bad things..I feel like a delusional person..I don't even think I am gonna be accepted abroad with such sabotaging and blackmailing. I met cop recently and gently explained my problems and they said they don't see issue even when I said my mother used to slap me sometimes when I was child....Many young people went abroad for studies/ work and I am gonna be here stuck. I don't even know why I post that. I have one pen pal from Germany that suggested me to live with them. I know this might sound stupid to you all but I was wondering to accept it. I know it might sound crazy or stupid but we knew each other for years and talked to skype and we could meet in person too. I have some crush on him too. My mother makes everything problematic though. She seems unbalanced and always tries to force her opinion on me. She said it's because she cares and worries. Eh. It looks like some sort of mad obsession. I don't even know why I post that here...Perhaps to heal my pain. I am sorry If I sound crazy maybe my mother is right for me