No more pain. No more agony. No more suffering. I want it to stop. I want it to all stop.My last will and testament:

Within 6-12 months after I post this, I will probably be comatose (from prescription medication + scotch) and/or dead (bullet to the temple).

My pathetic life story:

I am a 36 year old Taiwanese-American male, single, living alone in Seattle.  I grew up in Pittsburgh, lived in New Orleans for ten years (I am a Hurricane Katrina survivor), and have now been in Seattle for the last two years.

My father molested me throughout elementary school.  My mother would stand in the bedroom doorway and watch.  I repressed these memories for 20 years until, on 05/13/2010, I had my moment of epiphany/self-realization at the age of 30.

I suspect my father was molested by a (several) Catholic priest(s) when he was living in a Catholic boarding high school in Taiwan.  I also believe my little brother (only sibling) was molested by my father (I heard that he overdosed on heroin a few years ago from a mutual acquaintance).

I was also subjected to daily physical, mental, and emotional abuse/trauma as a child.  My parents are first generation immigrants from Taiwan, and my brother and I were raised in a strict immigrant household.  That means no social interaction, no participation in the community, no friends, no dating, etc.  At the time I thought this was normal because i didn't know any better, and I was constantly told that our family was "different" because of cultural differences.  So I never questioned why my childhood was so different as compared to other kids of my age, even compared to other Taiwanese immigrant families.

When I was twelve I went to Taiwan for two months with my mom to visit her side of the family.  While I was there I molested my three female cousins because I thought, since my father did the same to me, it was normal.  

I started using drugs at 24 when I moved back home with my parents after attempting (and failing) to live on my own after college.  My brother (who was 6 years younger than me) had, at that point, become one of the biggest drug dealers in the greater New Orleans / Baton Rouge area.  I didn't know how deep his involvement with narcotics was until two detectives came to our home and asked to search his bedroom under my father's supervision.  It was either that, or they would come back with a search warrant and flip the entire house.  I later found out my brother was also being monitored by the DEA.

Naturally I fell into the lifestyle and spent the next 12 years in an intoxicated stupor under the influence of nearly every drug ever known to mankind.  My drug of choice was marijuana but I also dabbled in ecstasy, opium, cocaine, meth, schrooms, mescaline, acid, and a buffet of prescription medication (especially adderall, pain pills, klonopins, seroquel, ambien, and xanax).  Surprisingly I didn't drink.  Otherwise I'd have probably died a decade ago.

During these 12 years I also completed my finance MBA and pre-CPA courses with a combined GPA of 3.9.  Passed the CPA exam in 2012 after smoking enough weed on a daily basis to knock out a whole herd of elephants.  I would chain smoke 4 joints before each section of the CPA exam (there are 4 sections) and passed on my first try 3 out of 4 sections.  My undergrad GPA was a 2.86 and I was sober then.  Yes, being on drugs improved my grades.  Maybe I should have started my drug use at 17 instead of 24.

I have been sober less that 6 months in the last 12 years, and that was only to get my current job.  I've been sober for the last 6 days because i need to find a new job (my current jobs conducts random drug tests so yes, I've been playing the drug test lottery for two years and I could be fired on any given day).

In 2010 my brother started using heroin.  Amidst that family crisis I developed a bleeding ulcer from the stress and had to be admitted to the ER.  On 05/13/10 I was experiencing another ulcer attack, lying in my bathtub, when my father called me on my iPhone.  Suddenly I started shivering uncontrollably even though I was soaking in scalding hot water.  

Then BAM, the memories came back.  All of them.  

* The beatings.

* Not being allowed into the house if I was even one minute late coming home after playing with the neighbor kids.  I spent many nights sleeping on the porch, and Pittsburgh gets cold at night.  Real cold.

* The humiliation of being obese all my life (everyone else in my family is rail skinny).

* The endless hours of scolding and shaming (one of my father's most common form of punishment would be to have me stand still for 3-4 hours while he yelled at me non-stop, then start beating me if my attention wavered in any way).

*  And the molestation.  Oh God, please make it stop.  Please.

I never spoke to my parents again even though I was still living in their house.  I would wake up at 5 AM, leave the house and not return until midnight.  I kept this up for three months and then finally moved out permanently.

I moved out of the house 3 months later, after stealing $25k from my dad's online trading account.  That, combined with $15k savings left over from my drug dealing days and all of my worldly possessions I could stuff into my car, was what I was going to start my new life with.

I thought that, if I left my family and moved away, I could start anew and forget everything.  Four years later I moved to Seattle because it's the farthest distance away from New Orleans while still remaining on the US mainland.

But moving didn't change a thing.  My problems traveled with me.  I have one single solitary friend in this town.  And now I have to change jobs because I've fallen in love with my supervisor at work but I'm 99.9999% sure she's not interested, but just being friendly to me because she's just a nice person in general.  And it drives me crazy.  I love her but I don't deserve her.  I don't deserve to be with anyone.  I can't concentrate at work because all I do is think about her.

I don't date because I have no confidence and I don't trust people at all.  I am convinced that women can detect my mental instability (you can see it in my eyes; I've been told I have the 1,000 yard stare and that I have the eyes of a dead fish, lifeless) even though I am a master of faking it.  But I'm tired of faking emotion and body language.  But I'm done.  What's the point of it all anymore?  So I can wake up and do it all over again?

I've come to believe that, some people in this world just don't deserve to be happy, or loved, or appreciated, or cared for.  I now know that I am one of those people.  And you know what, it's Ok.  It'll be over soon.

I am paranoid about everything.  I tried going to therapy but it made things worse because my therapist forced me to talk about my past, which I've been trying to suppress.  The more I suppress my emotions and my memories, the more painful it is when I have to dredge them up again.  

It's so bad that my therapist told me she couldn't keep me on as a patient anymore, that my issues were beyond her training.  She referred me to her OWN therapist.  Rationally I know she's right but emotionally I feel she's abandoned me.  I haven't contacted the other therapist yet, because what's the fucking point?

And you know what the worst part is?  Of all the different types of child abuse and trauma it is still taboo to talk about little boys being molested by their fathers.  Because the stereotype is that only little girls get molested.  I've tried to tell parts of my life story to those I thought were my closest friends.  Every single one of those people would listen, and then disappear from my life as if I were a communicable disease.  My therapist telling me that she couldn't/wouldn't help me anymore was probably the last straw.

I currently take a daily buffet of pills for my depression, my anxiety, my diabetes due to being obese for the first 32 years of my life, my bleeding ulcer, etc.   Thanks to appetite-suppressing drugs I've lost over 100 lbs. but I still can't bring myself to try dating.  My confidence is shattered.  I even avoid people when I'm online.

I can't stand seeing happy couples, or children, because it's just another reminder of things that I'll never have.  I don't attend anyone's wedding or baby showers because it's just a knife in the gut.  Just another way of life taunting me.

I don't believe in God, because if this is His plan for me, then FUCK him.

I've lost interest in nearly everything that I used to take pleasure in.  That includes video games, good food, reading books, etc.  I don't even masturbate anymore.  

I no longer fear death.  I am Ok with the fact that I will die decades before my time.  If I spoke Farsi I would travel to Syria and fight alongside the rebels vs. ISIS or Assad's regime.  At least I could give my life for a cause.

I think I'll apply for my concealed carry pistol permit soon while my criminal record is clean.  That way, when I do decide to buy a handgun there won't be a waiting period.

And don't tell me suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.  Not when every single fucking day of my life has been one big pile of shit.  And no, there is no goddamn light at the end of the tunnel, unless it's an oncoming train rushing towards me at the speed of death.

And that claptrap about suicide only hurts the people around you?  Who the fuck is around me?  My co-workers?  My single solitary friend in Seattle?  My estranged family?  The people I used to associate with in Louisiana (half of whom are currently behind bars or dead, while the other half got married and started families)?

Sure, those who find out about my suicide may feel bad for a month, maybe two.  But I feel bad every.  Single.  Day.

At this point the two anti-depressants and the Xanax (both legally prescribed) keep the suicidal thoughts at bay for now.  But all it'll take for me to kill myself is just one more stressful event in my life.  



Just.  One.  More.  Push.
 
 
 

TL;DR - Goodbye.  Fuck this gay earth.  I wish I had never been born.

PS - Mods, if you're going to edit or delete this post, then fuck you all as well.

PPS - update for those who give a shit: https://www.reddit.com/r/SanctionedSuicide/comments/55b9xy/my_final_solution/