I hate my father and my family. I hate my life, I hate me. I hate everything about me.Just a moment ago, my father said, "Your brother is useless. He only knows how to earn money but is stingy. Wasted my time raising him up." Then he looked at me and said, "You'll be like him when you grow up. Useless, stingy, I can see what you'll turn to when you grow up. You're following your brother's footsteps. Kids are useless. You'll grow up to be a gangster like your brother and if I ever found you outside, I would slap your face infront of everyone. Being a gangster is like selling your vagina to people because you're a girl."

Yes, that happened just now.. And unfortunately, it has happened more times than I could actually count.

My father is heavy-smoker who could finish up to a box of cigarettes in just a day. He complains about not having enough money, and ranted on and on when he would be rich, and when he could retire without worrying.

My family– Including my mother had enough of his money issues. He would loan money from people, saying, "I'll pay you back when payday comes." And he did, of course... But he'll do the same thing again, and again.

On certain days, he would scold me for no apparent reason, degrading me to a lower level. And I hate it. Furthermore, he compared me to my brother, saying I wouldn't 'help' ( always in terms of financial problems ) our family and that I'm useless and a good-for nothing who wasted his time, raising me up.

I would help my family, only if I could work– But being a fifteen-year-old, there are limited slots and spaces where I can really work. Besides, in Singapore, the employers would seek parents' consent for teenagers working ( and my parents never allow me; Saying I have to concentrate on my studies ). If I can just move in with someone else, I would.. But I don't know who would ever take in a fifteen-year-old as their dorm mate.. Including the fact that I'm still schooling.

I'm just sick of this. No one will hear me out, because I'm still 'young' and 'tender'. When something goes wrong, my father and older brother would point fingers at me, saying I'm in the wrong– Though in two views, we can be wrong, and I'm not the only one.

My brother frequently criticise me, scold me and would put all the blame on me, too. He would say, "You're only pretty because you put on makeup."

I'm good at pointing flaws on others, but even more, on mine. It's really hard, being a girl. My father and brother always discourage me from doing what I really want to do; To draw fashion ( even though, it's been my lifelong dream ).

I feel fat, and each time I look at the mirror, I hate myself.. More and more. I want to look good, I want to feel good, and I want to seek my freedom. I can never do it on my own, however..

I'm unhappy with 'me'. I want to be skinnier, I want to have a 23-inch waist, taller, smaller arms, smaller thighs.. Something that makes me feel feminine ( because that is my perspective of feminine ). Apart from that, I used to suffer from moderate acne and somehow, managed to heal most of my skin problems. I have very crooked teeth, sunken eyes.. And I'm unsure of what to do.

With my brother furthermore criticising my ugliness, I just wish there's a makeover.. Something that can really.. Make me feel proud, of myself. But I don't know what to do– And I don't have money.

The expectations my parents have for me as their female child and students makes me feel all the more worst about myself and my life. I'm only able to act as if I'm 'confident', even though I'm legit insecure as hell.