Is this the right place for this?  Not sure.  I'm sunk.I stink.  Basically.  

In the last year I have lost my wife to a battle with cancer; 

fought for custody of my stepchildren; learned I will likely lose custody due to the fact that bio-dad has, well, bio on his side; 

started dating someone about 6 weeks after my wife passed, I was so lonely;  moved her in, after about six months, upsetting my children (well not really, but bio-dad used it as ammo); learned she wasn't really as adult as I thought she was - she needs to get a job, stop living off of others, etc; 

went to a party at a casino where the gf was making out with another girl, all drunk, and the other girl now says I was inappropriate with her (no, not sex, just touched her leg) - compounding this was that I let them all stay at my house, the gf and her new friend, because everyone was too drunk to drive, so it's a "her word against mine" thing, and while nobody has told me I'm in "law trouble", I just feel like shit; 

visited a lot of strip clubs; 

forgot to go to jury duty because of my wife passing, got a "walk in letter" so I can well, walk in, and then promptly have forgotten all about that until recently (going to call on that today, though, so yay?); 

felt like the gf is more focused on "physical stuff (shoes, etc)" than I am, and it is hurting our budget because she does not work.

I used to be going to church.   Was an (extra-ordinary) Eucharistic minister.  

Now, I'm angry at God.  At life.  At people who I felt were on my side.  My fire department (of which I am a member) has been annoyed with my grieving methods, too.  About a year before my wife passed, a man jumped to his death off of the roof of our church, landing right where we took some pictures after we got married.  I was called to the scene, to provide a ladder truck so the police could take pics and get on the roof, etc.  

I'm still angry at that, too.  

I'm 33.

I need a reboot, a reset, and assurance that I'm not going to get arrested for touching someone's leg while they made out with my gf, not going to lose my job, not going to lose my kids, and can regain my faith and enjoyment of life.

I don't have a sanctuary anymore.  I'm lost.  So lost.