Does everyone think about killing themselves?For as long as I can remember, I've thought about killing myself.  I have no plans of doing it or at least soon, but I feel some kind of calm in knowing I can.  

I also think about killing myself anytime something remotely bad or stressful happens. I work for myself and whenever I'm not doing well financially, my first thought is - ok, gotta kill myself. can't take this. My healthcare plan was terminated, "ok, guess i'm going to kill myself" I'm in a fight with my mom or bf or something, "gah wanna die"

I've only just started seeing a therapist but I can't even openly admit this to them.  I don't think I will actually do it but there's always this lingering feeling of it.

Is this normal?  When I was really thinking about suicide and more depressed last year, my boyfriend asked if I ever thought about harming myself, to which I sort of casually replied, "Yeah, I mean of course but I would never actually do it" and he was shocked and told me he's never thought about it.  I seriously thought everyone thought about killing themselves sometimes. He freaked out and was ready to call 911 but I just have never been on the edge of a cliff or actually on the brink of suicide.  

Now it's been a year and I guess I'm ok but I still find myself feeling like killing myself.  But I don't really feel comfortable telling my boyfriend because I think he won't understand and will break up with me.

Gah, I can't even talk about suicide so it's like all my feelings are just pent up inside and it just makes me feel like killing myself even more because I can't do normal human things and just need to keep this facade of everything being ok.  But again, Im not actually going to kill myself.  

I guess the main thing is I don't want to bother or worry anyone with my thoughts of suicide because a lot of times they are pretty low key and I just don't want everyone to be worried all the time because it's truly not urgent and I just don't want everyone to be on the edge of their seats waiting for me to actually kill myself.

