Dec came in AugI am a 27 year old female.

I found the strength and mustered the finances for one last gamble by moving to another state. My ultimate goal was to fight one last time for happiness. To financially break away from my parents by going back to school and then finding a job ASAP and to be with someone I fell in love with. I felt with him I could truly be happy, he said he loved me, he treated me like he truly did. I had great confidence it would work out or I wouldn't have spent nearly 3K on moving and 11K on tuition for this gamble at happiness.

In my 27 years of living, I've had a flawless track record of almost everything in my life being a failure. My early life was completely ruled by narcissistic parents (no fun things most children experienced, extracurricular they wanted, friends of their choosing, extra schooling) up to when I graduated with a degree they not agree to help pay for.a degree (they threatened to disown me if I didn't go to school for a physician's assistant or doctor). I had depression my entire life, mostly from being female from a patriarch culture and not having much autonomy. When I was 23, I found the strength to rebel and "run away" from home. What did that do? The person I dated at the time didn't allow me to go anywhere or speak to any of my friends at home. After 3 or so years, that led to them faded away completely. I attempted to reconnect but they did were not interested and were always busy and never followed up on their promise to meet when they were free. Okay, I get it. I made some friends on an mmo. Went to a few convention with them etc. When depression hit hard, the therapist told me to open up to them about my depression. However, when I did, they literally stopped talking to me and including me in groups and etc. Okay I get it.

Meanwhile, my relationships have been stellar too. First boyfriend cheated on me, second one outright ditched me, third one let me go because he didn't believe in marriage.... And finally, my last ex who disconnected me from everything I built back at home... Well, I let that one go because I no longer felt the same. It was in earnest, that I wanted him to be happy and it probably was not going to be with me. He never spoke with me again.

This one? The one I gambled everything on?

I was going to try one more time in December. Ask if he wanted to be together for real. December is going to be my graduation as well and I wanted him to attend. However, last Saturday, I attended his female cousin's wedding. He introduced me to his family as his girlfriend, I felt a bit hopeful. I wanted to catch the bouquet, but he said I wasn't single... I thought, maybe he wanted to be serious. Could it be too good to be true? No, maybe I get to be happy for once. Life was going to give me a lifeline.

Last night I asked if I was finally his girlfriend. I imagined him saying in his sarcastic manner, okay fine... Yes, you are and I'd finally start life like i hoped. He said idk, but he just didn't want to be rude when introducing me.

I was planning to kill myself if he didn't want to, because I've spent my entire life in depression and alone. That gamble meat everything to me; like to determine whether I deserved to be happy or just suffer with unbearable depression and loneliness.

Well I guess I didn't need to wait until December. Time to plan for real. I had resolved to graduate school but is that necessary anymore? No. I think I will stop attending, stop playing mmo, start writing letters nobody will care to read.

Nobody ever reads my posts anyways but I guess if I do commit suicide, investigators will see these dumb posts.