Today made me realise that life is nothing special.When I was 15 years old, I had the sudden realisation that my life was pointless. I suddenly felt weak and everything that I thought was great about life was all a lie. I began to see behind the curtain and the illusion we are given that life is a wonderful thing and many opportunities await us was all lies and the world did not mean for us to be here. 

Before I begin to tell you the story of why today made me realise that life is nothing special, I just want to say that I'm 22 years old, I live in Manchester, England, I'm an aspiring film-maker and screenwriter. I'm about to start my final year of university and I currently work at a job that I hate. I have written many screenplays that I'm extremely passionate about, some of them are dramas, some are coming of age stories, some are comedies (because I have to make myself laugh when I'm depressed like this) and the rest are romances! I had friends in high school, I don't really see them anymore as they have moved on to much better things while I'm just sitting here, crawling through this pit known as life. 

I've tried changing my lifestyle many times, but I always get pulled back into pit of self-hatred and dread. I've attempted suicide four times over the last year alone, I think this is my peak and I personally think that my life is over. Most of my attempts have been done late at night when my parents and brother were asleep. I did this so they couldn't stop me from killing myself and of course, all my attempts failed! 

That brings us to today, a day which made me realise that life is nothing special, I've always known this, but today was the day that made me reflect that nothing is special and that we are just as messed up. 

I was on the bus home from work and I was stuck on there for two hours (the bus journey is usually 40 minutes) and it was packed, full of people who were late for work, college or just trying to get home. Everyone looked sad, broken and stressed! Of course, the bus was very late, but for some reason, everyone looked unhappy and life was ruined for them all. 

There was even a girl who looked about 16 and she had shadows under her eyes and looked like she was done with life and then there was a woman and her husband who looked like they were in their 60s and they looked like they were done with life as well. 

This made me think that life is just shit and we have been forced to live through it because two selfish human beings decided "Gee let's have a kid and have them live in this shit world!" Seeing everyone on this bus remained me that we have been brought up just to do mundane tasks and that life is pointless overall. We are just little parts of a bigger world and we have not reason to be here. 

All the pleasures of life have been sucked out of them including me and we have been forced to be forever stressed and live our lives in pain and misery. Everyone on this bus looked like they were done with life and it made me realise that I should finally pull the plug and end my life. 

At this point, I see that everyone in the world wants to end their life and I guess I should go as well. I don't really care that I'll be passing on my depression to my parents, my brother, my extended family and my friends. They will forget about me in a few months and they will move on with their lives before they die (or we decide to blow up the world for some reason) 

I have posted here many times here and you are probably thinking "Just end it already, you are just seeking attention, you're an asshole!" Well, I guess I am, I'm ready to go! 

My name is Jonathan, I'm 22 years old and like millions of people around the world who are ready to take their lives. I'm ready to go, I'm wish you all a very fond farewell and I hope that somehow, life gets better. I don't know how that will happen, but when it does, I want you to embrace it, whether that be your very first kiss, your first child, or even your new found happiness. Embrace it please, make this world a better place. I know I can't do that, I'm weak and inferior, but I know you can. 

I'm sorry to everyone who will be affected by my death, I loved you and I hope you to see you again very soon. 

I love you all!    