I don't know how much more I can take. I just need somewhere to let all of this out; I'm not expecting someone to make everything better but I just want someone who is outside my circle of acquaintances to hear what I have to say, because I feel the truth would devastate the ones I love the most. 
The story is complex and has some history that I need to cover, but I will do that as I go along. 
I'm 21 years old and living with my boyfriend. I have a history of PTSD and episodes of Psychotic Depression after being sexually abused (and other smaller factors like an unsettled childhood and bullying) when I was 15. 
This time last year I had managed to recover after having a breakdown the previous year as a consequence of an emotionally abusive relationship, surfacing emotions from finally receiving counselling for the abuse, suicide within the family and being forced into having a termination that I didn't want from a man I had been seeing whilst trying to leave my ex. I had managed to get my life back on track, I once again had contact with friends that I had been told to cut off with and managed to make the move to a city I had been wanting for years. 

Earlier this year I met my current boyfriend. I was honest from early on about my past and he is aware of everything I have said so far, and he has only ever been supportive of me - he has been comforting with every nightmare, cry and down day. He is amazing and I am thankful for every day that I share with him. 
My partner is currently in University and we decided that I would move from where I was living in the city to live with him, which is a considerable distance from where I was and all of my family/friends. It was a quick decision and I left without giving myself time to look for a new job where I was moving to. I have now been unemployed for the longest time since I began working at 18 and there seems to be no end to my unemployment. We are currently living off of his grants and support from his mother, all of this money is going straight on rent and our very small food budget. I had been receiving benefits to help towards this all but it has been stopped, and now we are running out of money very quickly and we are both fearful of how we are going to pay rent, let alone eat. 

The cracks have begun to show again in myself and I don't know how much more I can take. I'm having conflicting feelings constantly and it's taking all of my energy to stop myself falling back down to rock bottom. 
I know my boyfriend loves me, but I've begun to feel unappreciated recently. I spend the day cleaning up the house, looking for jobs, cooking and getting all of his food ready for him as he is tired when he comes home. We spend most of our time together in the evenings, but I feel very alone as he spends most of it catching up with friends online and spending time doing his hobbies - which I don't want him to stop doing as I know that he would only resent me if I did. I feel the only time he wants to spend with me is when he wants to have sex and that he doesn't appreciate that I gave up what was my goal, something I worked so hard for, to be with him (this I've never told him).
I have spoken to him about doing things together like going for walks as we don't have the money to spend on going out for meals, but he says that he is very tired from Uni and doesn't enjoy it as he done it so much growing up (he lives in a rural area). I worry that he doesn't find me attractive and that I'm not what he wants in woman.
Then I begin to think and I feel like I shouldn't be so ungrateful, he spends all of his money to keep me here with him and fed. I worry I'm being needy and pushing him away with my seemingly constant worries, I've told him these things and he reassures me but it just isn't going away..only getting worse, just now I'm not being so open about it through fear of pushing him away. 

Last night we spoke and he was on the verge of tears because of the money worries, I have never seen him so upset before and it tore my heart apart. I have considered moving out to allow him to live off his money by himself, because I know he would be better off but I have nowhere to go and I am unable to move back in with my parents. 
So I feel the only option is death, a thought that has been nudging its way in the past few weeks. This thought is becoming more and more prominent in the mixture of emotions. I have said to medical professionals previously that should these feelings continue I would rather not be alive - I know I mean it but it's the last thing I want, but I also feel like I have no other option at the moment. 
I'm sorry this is so long, but there was so much I've wanted to get off of my chest. I appreciate it if anyone has read the whole thing. 