I'm alone again and I don't know what to do.I've lost every single friend I've had in my life. Either I push them away or they get sick of me, but one way or another I've lost every one of them.

I thought I finally found my group of friends. A couple years ago I started meeting a bunch of really great people and we grew close really quickly and it went on for so long without anything going wrong... I thought people finally liked me and I found good people to surround myself with.

These were primarily internet friends but I don't have real life friends and I haven't in years, so it's fine. I met up with one of them in real life and we were in the same city for a month and it turned into something more than friendship that we tried to maintain once I went back home. It was hard and I made the stupid mistake of breaking up with her. That was a month ago. We've tried to stay friends since we've agreed that we're the most important person in each other's lives and that losing the friendship would hurt more than anything, and the relationship never got SO serious that going back to being friends would be impossible.

It was going relatively well up until we had a fight a week ago and now everything's fallen apart. I'm really anti-drugs and she apparently doesn't like that side of me and it became obvious that she wasn't willing to be my friend anymore because of the way I feel about it.

I realized I was losing my best friend, losing yet another person, and I wanted to kill myself and I made the stupid mistake of confiding in one of our mutual friends. I didn't want help, I was just scared and alone and I don't know... it was stupid. I shouldn't have trusted her because she called the police and they didn't end up coming but it meant that my mom was alerted to the fact that something was wrong. So I'm not going to speak to her anymore because someone who betrays my trust like that is not a real friend... Our group of friends is really small, so losing two people (and the ones I was closest with) is losing half my friend group and I've gone ahead and given up on the other two friends because I can't see how I could possibly stay friends with them and not the others.

My mom is the only person in my life who loves me. The guilt of leaving her (especially now she knows something's wrong, that her failure of a child wants to die AGAIN, and has asked me please not to leave her) is the only thing keeping me alive. I don't want to live like this. Just living out of guilt is so pathetic.

I'm 22 and I've done nothing with my life, I still live with my mom, I have no job, no money, no friends, no chance of making something out of myself. I'm pathetic and worthless and that's not going to change. No one likes me, everyone always leaves me. I don't blame them, I'm not a very nice person - I'm judgmental and hateful and negative towards everything. There's not much to like.

Every time I speak to someone and think that I've found a friend, someone ends up getting hurt, either me or them. So I've stopped speaking. I haven't spoken a word to anyone in a week and I don't plan to change that. I'm only alive because of guilt, fine - if I have to be alive, I'll just make myself disappear and be as unnoticeable as possible by not talking to anyone or making myself heard.

My best friend, the one I had the relationship with and the one I fought with, she understood me better than anyone else ever has. She was the only person that I felt really understood me and liked me anyway and it broke just like that. She told me multiple times she wouldn't be able to go on without ever talking to me again, that I was too important to her to lose, that she couldn't lose me because she couldn't face being alone again. And now it's just happened to me instead.

And as if losing everyone wasn't bad enough, she's with someone else now. It's been about a month since the breakup, two weeks since we started talking again. She's claimed to be so upset over the past week because I'm hurting and she can't be there for me or whatever but she's off with someone else at the same time and she seems perfectly happy as far as I can see. It just makes me sick. She's lying to me and telling me how concerned she is but she's fine, she's got someone new to make feel important and then leave them at the drop of a hat. I thought maybe there was the potential to heal and remember her as something positive in my life but she's a liar, a terrible person, manipulative and hurtful and nothing we had meant anything to her.

I don't want to be alive anymore. I've been fighting for so long to stay alive and try to find some happiness in this world but I can't. I've wanted to be dead in some capacity for 10 years and it's only gotten stronger as I've gotten older and realized what a horrible place the world is and how little there is for someone like me. There are so many things wrong with me, things I won't even go into because it's unlikely enough as it is that anyone will read this and care... But I have no reason to be alive except I don't want to hurt my mom. That's it. Once she's gone, I'll have absolutely nothing. I don't want to wait that long, I just wish I could push the guilt out of my mind for long enough to end it. I've always vaguely believed in reincarnation and I've wanted for so long to kill myself and get this horrible life over with so I can have a fresh start. And even if there is no life after this one, at least this one would be over.

I don't know what to do. I don't want to be alone but there's no hope for me. This crushing weight in my chest is only getting heavier and I'm not strong enough to bear it until it goes away. I'm not strong enough to live.