sounds pretty awesome to just escape right now, this happened nearly a year ago, now the feeling is back.can't stop thinking how we die alone, why not do it now. 
the person i thought i loved feels like he has been taken from me, i was so passionate about him and he loves me very much, and in fact has been a main reason why the last 10 months or so have been so happy and good. 
but the past few days he came to visit (after not seeing him for a month but in constant contact) and i realized that maybe i don't feel the same way anymore. the problem is i can't place why. i'm not sure if i'm just really emotional or hateful of life right now or what, but something feels different. he's just the same as ever, it's me that's changed. or maybe it's just temporary? i'm afraid to talk about it.
also just been feeling mostly depressed the last several weeks, so i'd kind of like to just end it because i'm disgusted with myself.
anyway
it feels like the easy way out, i feel too wimpy for life so i kinda just want to check out.
please avoid the 'i'm so sorry/slathering of pity' sort of bs
it's really not so much sadness as it is a lack of feeling. 
it's a sensation of nothingness and worthlessness. it's a feeling like i should break up with him because i'm too depressed to be a good girlfriend, yet when i get that way he says he wants to be there for me through it. he's so centered, peaceful, loving and supportive. he's the best man i've ever been with and it's the best relationship i've ever had. but i've been battling anxiety for about 4 years now, along with a bunch of other fun diagnoses from various psychiatrists and whatnot about bipolar disorder and ADHD. in some ways i just feel like i need to take care of myself before i can be good to him..and yet he thinks i'm great...
and yet here i am, thinking that it might be fun to sail away into sleep

edit: i feel like ranting, so i will do that
i don't dance that much anymore, when i do i don't feel as much as i used to. within a few years my emotions and excitement feel like they have been eaten up, except for in extreme bursts. i'm overwhelmed by my imbalance, bad hygiene, and inability to take care of myself unless i make a list, which i usually don't follow. i usually have to make a list to remember to eat breakfast lunch and dinner, i have to do this for hygiene too. brush teeth, shower, etc...i usually shower once a week, i don't really remember the last time i had one. i'm just lazy, too. i have role models, but they feel above me. i thought i was gonna marry this guy. now i don't know. all i want, really, is to sit and hate myself now. i used to feel other emotions, now i don't have room to love anyone. i just have room to hate myself and i don't know how to lov emyself. i try..i put on makeup to feel prettier and i bought some new clothes...i think i'm going to return them because i look silly. i liked some of them but now i just feel weird. 

i dont feel like i have opinions on anything. i feel uninformed, when i try to become informed i just get more confused or hate my own privelege. maybe my death will save the broken fingers of a disfigured worker. melodramatic, i know...i just feel like a waste of breath


nobody cares anyway. people dont respond to my texts when i ask to hang out even though i ask often. even my closest friends. i reach to outer circles and they dont care either. i want out. any advice...
