I wrote a noteDear Friends,

I'm pretty tired. I dont know why I am writing this. I just feel as if you're my best friend. I dont know you, 
yet you have been a singular constant throughout my life. Hell, you dont even fucking exist. Im talking to a god damn machine.
Whats worse is I am taking the time to correctly format and edit this fucking letter when neither you nor I cares how it turns out.
Who the fuck even cares what im writing in a shitty notepad file that will probably be deleted anyway? I guess I'm sort of
used to that idea though. 

People run through their lives everyday completely oblivious to their surroundings, remaining productive yet useless. I really 
used to love being able to work through a day of school, come home and finish my schoolwork. Rinse and repeat for somewhere
around 180 days, then relax over the summertime. BUt I find that I cant really even do that anymore. I have 0 motivation
do really work on anything. In fact a have a spring break history assignment on Jewish Americans after the holocaust sitting
below my left arm. It was due today. But really who cares, some bullshit 600 words on why the Jews were so special
really shouldn't have much of an effect on my life. Then why do I keep hearing that it is? And why is it that I am mentally/physically
unable to fucking finish or even start it if it is such an important fucking paper?

I figure I cant be stupid. I've done oh so very well on all of the standardized tests that are being pushed in front
of me as I approach applications for collages. My mom keeps bringing up a bunch of different schools and summer programs
that I truely have no interest in. I have been dealing with her long enough to know that I can't outright say no to her offers,
so I usually just bullshit my way out of the situation through short and passive responces that end with her calling me a 
slacker or some variation of the sort. I'm kinda used to that too. Ever since grade school I've been categorized by my 
parents as a slacker and an addict. It was mostly computer gaming from middle school to ~sophomore year of high school.
The thing is, I really dont think that I was guily of becoming some type of gaming addict. I definately dont think that 
playing some fucking counter strike game as well as Warcraft III warrents a good fucking 6 years of torment during my
fucking childhood. There is nothing in the world worse than being made fun of and called a loser for most of your childhood.
It's even worse when it's your own two parents that perpetrate it. 

I think I really started to snap during the past two years, starting around my sophomore year in highschool. And now that
I try and recall what really happened during that year, I cant remember a fucking thing from it. I remeber two of my teachers,
Mr. McShane--who was a pretty interesting and nice guy--and Mr. Klien, some guy I didnt like as a teacher but in hindsight 
I was probably just as much of an ass to him as he was to me. Oh. I remember I had some good friends that year as well.
Rachel, Kellie, Braden, Johnny, Franny, Gina, Hannah, Misho, and any other names I may have left out, if you ever find yourselves
reading this letter I just want you to know that I truely, truely love you.

Now that I think about it, thats kind of one of the silly things in live. I'm so fucking crushed with despair yet I find so
many people that make me so happy and it fucking kills me that they may have to read this one day. Especially my friends 
that I left behind in New York. I just want you to know that moving to Arizona has been the single most painful and infuriating
experience in my entire life. I have seen true kinship while walking Northen Boulivard(spelling?), and I have known true love 
on the beaches. Why was it necessary to leave?

I never really questioned my parents decision to leave for Arizona. Both of my two older sisters had already left home 
for a private boarding school, which I wasn't accepted into. Im pretty sure at that point in time I really had no idea what I was
getting into. I was afraid to argue against this fucking dream my mom had to go back to where she was raised. All I know is that
I ended up living on a pull out bed in a tiny, insect infested house alone with my mom for months as school started. Oh and school
that first year was pretty shitty too. I don't think I left the house on weekends for the entire first semester. I managed to keep
myself sane that year through a World of Warcraft subscription, while today I find myself trying to fill that same void
with an eighth ounce of medical marijuana every two weeks. I'm kind of surprised I didnt do myself off back then, I didn't have
the friends or teachers that are making this decision so hard as of late.

I guess I should probably stop rambling now. It's getting late. I have been home for six hours today, and I have gotten 
nothing done besides this shitty note. And you know, I really want to place the blame on someone. Anyone. My parents for making
pushing me this close to the ledge. Myself for not speaking my mind sooner. I guess just not everything works out the way
you want it to.