Is it even possible to fix yourself when you've always been broken? How I fell apart.Please anyone, anyone at all, hear what i have to say. I don't want to feel alone anymore. I have not had a good life so far. At all. And I'm beginning to think that I wasn't meant to feel happiness to begin with. Maybe it is my time to go.

I've never told anyone about my life in detail. But I've always wanted to vent, to cry, to know that someone else on this earth knows what I've gone through. What I'm going through. Please read.  I need someone out there to know that I'm not a bad person. This was my life. 

(23, female)

When I was 3 years old my parents dropped me off at my Nana's house the day before my birthday. They never came back for me. They told her they didn't want me. My mom was pregnant with my now step dads child and wanted to start a family with him. My dad also had a girlfriend and left for that reason. They never got divorced but my dad ended up having 7 more children with several different women. I only know my moms other kid. My sister. The others I met briefly at my fathers funeral.

My mom has never liked me. I look too much like my dad and she hated him.. When I was younger my great grandmother forced her to meet with me twice a week at her home so I could get to know my sister. My mom would tell my sister to do things like spit in my face and hit me. I couldn't push her off or ask her to stop without getting yelled at. Thankfully, my sister grew older and I adore her now.

My dad on the other hand.. I didn't really know him well. He was just the man who shwed up to my Nana's house every now and then and steal my money and belongings for drug money. He also liked to show up when he was drunk and wanted to fight.  

My Nana also didn't like me very much. The only reason she kept me was because of my grandpa. He loved me and I cherished him greatly. Sadly, he died when I was in first grade. He was my angel. He kept me safe from everyone else, so when he died I had no one to protect me. My Nana began telling me how much she despised me after he died. She pulled my hair and told me I was the devil. Someday the world would know how evil I was, she would say. If her son didn't want me, then there was something wrong with me, and she didn't want me either. She promised me, when I was in second grade, that once I graduated high school I was no longer welcome in her home. That she would get rid of me sooner but it would look bad if she did so.

My uncle, the worst of them all... He always hurt me. He was also a man that showed up when he wanted money for drugs. He would hurt my arms and knees, leaving bruises, until I gave him all of the money my great grandmother would give me for helping her around the house when I visited. One night, around 1AM he showed up at my house once again, banging on the door. My Nana was asleep so I felt brave that night. I locked the deadbolt and told him to leave. He yelled and banged louder but I refused to let him in. The next day I saw him on the news. The night he showed up at my home.. He left my house and immediately went to a family friends home. Sadly, my familys friend opened the door, unlike me.

It turned out my uncle was high on crack that night and was looking for more money to buy more drugs with. He visited that man and murdered him before taking his money. He used a crowbar. That man was over 70 years old. That man had helped my Nana and I many many times when we had nothing to eat or needed something. He had no family. No children. Just us. And it broke my heart when I asked my Nana why we weren't going to his funeral. She said it was his fault he died. That he should have given her son what he needed. So instead of going to his funeral she sent me away for a few days and hid my uncle under our house until he decided to turn himself in. That man had a funeral which no one attended. My uncle had my Nana and his girlfriend by his side the entire time. And people in my school, the bad group, even claimed he did nothing wrong. That he 'represented'. How is that okay?

Part of me left during that time in my life. 

Not long after that event my dad used a dirty needle for drug use and got AIDS. He couldn't take care of himself so he moved in with us. The state gave him money since he couldn't work but he spent it all on drugs. Instead of doing homework my dad would call his drug dealer and have me sort their pills. I then had to look each pill up using my school provided laptop to make sure they were all what he was paying for. I often found bags of unknown powders and crack hidden in my room. 

My grades started to slip at this point. I often fell asleep in class because my dad would get high, turn all the lights on, pee everywhere, and scream all night. I felt brave again one night and asked him to stop, that I had school in two hours and needed to sleep. I was told to go to hell.

As promised, when I turned 18 I was kicked out of the house. Two months later was my high school graduation. I had no idea who to give tickets to but ended up giving them to my mom, sister, step dad, dad, and nana. Once the program was over I left the building and looked for my family. I didn't see anyone in the crowd so I called my mom. She hadn't showed up. So I stood there and looked for my Nana with a friend of mine until I got a phone call. It was her. She called to tell me she didn't come because she didn't feel like it. She instead decided to visit my uncle in prison two hours away. That's when I realized no one had come. That no one cared enough to take an hour out of their day for me. I was surrounded by families yet I had nothing. I cried on the spot. My friends mother let me stay with them that day. 

After graduation I moved around the streets for awhile until a nice police officer offered me help. He contacted my grandma on my mothers side, which I didn't really know. Thankfully, she said I could stay with her. I tried to get into college at that point but neither my mother nor my father would give me their information so I could fill out the paperwork to get financial assistance. 

Throughout those years I had developed severe depression and anxiety. I suffered from panic attacks daily. I couldn't leave my house. My whole life revolved around fear.  I eventually got help for that. At least, temporarily.

I took a trip to Florida with my grandma for the first time a year later. I finally felt a little bit okay at that point in my life. But two days into the trip I received a text out of the blue. It read: "You're a piece of shit." It was from my dad. I hadn't spoken to him or my Nana since they made me leave and wouldn't help with schooling paperwork. I didn't understand what I had done. I immediately broke into tears, right there, at the hotel. My trip was ruined. 

Those five words stole another part of me.

I continued my therapy. My psychiatrist tried talking me into getting disability. I refused. I couldn't work at the time, no. I couldn't function as a normal human being. But it was my goal to get better and get a job. I wanted to prove that I could make something of myself. 

A few months later at 2 AM at night, someone knocked on the door. I got out of bed and looked out the window. It was my Nanas boyfriend. I opened the door and asked what was going on. He looked at me for second before saying "Your dad died a few days ago." My head raced but before I could even respond he turned around and got in the car with my Nana and left. I didn't cry. Not yet. I walked into my room and sent my mom a text. "Dad died." A few minutes later she called but I didn't pick up. I sat there for for awhile. His last words to me were "You're a piece of shit."  And then I let it go. I cried the rest of the night.

There went another piece of me.

The funeral was one of the worst days of my life. I showed up anxious. What if I didn't look sad enough? How should I act? I just want to go home. 

I walked into the room and my mom asked me to go see him. I didn't want to. I knew he looked like a skeleton at this point. He'd lost a ton of weight. He looked nothing like himself. So I denied. I went straight to my Nana and gave her a hug. She may have been mean to me but I knew she was hurting. Everyone stared at me and kept whispering. I thought it was all in my head until my Nana opened her mouth. "You disappointed him." I stared at her wondering what she meant. "He suffered a lot and you stole from him." I hadn't stole anything from anyone. I didn't understand at all. "He knew you were a bad person. Everyone knows." 

I stood there tying to keep a straight face. My legs began to shake but she continued. "I don't know why you are the way you are. He thought you would come see him before he died. All his kids came except you." But I didn't even know he was hospitalized at the time. I remember exactly the way I felt at that point. All eyes were on me. They were all filled with hate. My lips started to tremble and I tried to speak but I couldn't. All of his kids, all the brothers and sisters I never knew were giving me looks like I didn't belong there. I ran out of the room and cried. 

It turned out my dad had told everyone that I was stealing money from his bank account. I never did of course. I've never even had a bank account myself. My cousin told me that he'd actually gotten high, spent the money, forgot he spent it and then told everyone I had stole it. All I wanted to do was run in there and explain that I would never do such a thing. That I'm not that type of person. But who would they believe? They didn't know me and they all loved him.

I didn't stand a chance. I was just the bad one. And I knew then that I would just have to live with that. I was branded as a waste of space a long time ago. I couldn't wash that away. But I could try harder. Nothing could stop me from trying.

For a few months after that I received hateful messages via facebook. I ignored everything but it tore me apart on the inside. I lost all of the progress I'd made in therapy. One night a little bit later I took a bunch of pills and cut my arms and legs up. My Nana found me on the kitchen floor and called an ambulance. I ended up in a mental facility for a week. 

Once out though, things started to look up. I felt like my life mattered when I was in the facility. They were nice to me. They helped me. The day after I was discharged I went to my facebook and looked through old messages, deleting all the people that brought me down. I saw several unread messages from and old highschool friend that had been trying to get me to reply for over two years. I replied, thinking I could use a friend. It had been years since I had one. 

We eventually hung out and have been together since.

About a year later my mother had another child. She decided to move and offered for me to live with my boyfriend in her old home. We happily did so, thinking we'd have a stable living situation. That is, until she and my step dad started showing up to the house high saying that it wasn't our house that we were just here so there was a car in the driveway and no one would steal their things. They would dig through our trash, leave hateful notes on our door, and then my mom stole my car. I began to lose weight. I went from 145 pounds to 104 pounds. 

My bones stuck out everywhere. I looked sick all of the time. I couldn't handle them constantly coming around acting crazy because of drug use. 

My mom came by one day and knocked on the door. When I opened it she stuck her finger in my face and said she was raising the rent by 500$ because I hadn't raked the yard in two weeks. When I told her the rake had broken and shwed it to her she told me to leave, flipped me off, and got in her car.

I broke down. I asked her how she could treat me this way. How could she act like this when she had never acted like a mom should. I asked her how could she steal my car and then yell at me because of leaves in the yard. Her only response was "Fuck you" as she flipped me off again and backed out the driveway. I sank to my knees on the front porch and had a panic attack. I didn't want to be homeless again. 

I'd been homeless so many times before. I called my boyfriend at work but couldn't even speak. All I could do was cry into the phone. I was finally able to tell him what happened so he came home as soon as he could. Once I calmed down he went back to work but an hour later my step dad showed up. I stood there scared to open the door. I didn't know how much more I could take.

But surprisingly, he apologized. He told me I didn't have to go. That my mom was wrong for what she said. I realized that for once, he wasn't high. He had just left work. I felt a little bit of relief until he asked me why I was so small. I told him i was stressed and had developed a stomach ulcer, which was true. But he wouldnt accept that. He told me he knew what crack was like and that I looked like I was abusing it. I never touched drugs in my life. 

He began telling people that I was addicted to drugs and that my boyfriend was abusing me. I couldn't take it anymore. My boyfriend decided I just needed to get away from them. I was no longer taking care of myself, I was miserable. He only made 600$ a month and we knew moving would be hard but we decided to do it anyway. He brought home boxes from work and I began to pack things up slowly but surely.

A few nights later someone banged on my bedroom window around 3AM and began yelling. It was my step dad. He screamed that if I didn't answer the door he was calling the police. My boyfriend and I jumped up and answered the door. My step dad burst in and hit my boyfriend. He had a friend with him that I didn't recognize.

My step dad continued hitting my boyfriend in the head and screamed at me. He threw mail on the floor that he dug out of our trash and said he was going to call the police. He said i was stealing his mail. The mail was actually junk mail: cable, internet, and grocery store junk mail.

My step dad was shaking terribly and spitting on my boyfriend. He was high again. He had been digging though our trash again. He said to leave right then or he would call the police. I had finally had enough. I told him to call the police. I knew he wouldn't. I pushed him towards the door and yelled for him to get out. When he finally left I had another panic attack.

We lived in a tent after that. 

The last part of me was gone. They finally did it.

We live in a camper now. We don't have working water. But we do have electricity and I use my old tablet with local wifi. 

I'm too far gone at this point. I never leave my camper. I don't bathe. I don't brush my hair. I don't change my clothes. I can't breathe anymore my anxiety is so bad. I can't go buy groceries. I can't look people in the eye. I'm a skeleton now. I'm afraid of people. I'm afraid of everything. 

My boyfriend told me not too long ago that I'm the strongest person he has ever met. That He could never have dealt with all of this. But how am I strong when I'm just here, taking up space.

I'm not. I am exactly what they wanted me to be. I am worthless. I am nothing. 

They broke me piece by piece and now there is nothing left to fix. There is no hope for me. I am empty. I was empty. I am nothing. I was nothing.









