There is nothing I can do to make it better. I can't live with it anymore.He was due to get a first but because of me, he will graduate with a much lower mark.
I have diagnosed borderline personality disorder, and he is my 'favourite person', but my actions are my own and I take responsibility for them.
I am the definition of the toxic, high maintenance person that everyone wants to get out of there lives let alone a relationship.

Well this time I took it one step too far. Recently for whatever reason (I thought I was previously getting better) for the last few days, my mood has been at an all time low. 
I've been feeling constantly suicidal, I've been completely emotionally dependent on him, demanded attention and validation take up all his time, stopped him from sleeping and am always starting fights and being so negative. 

All my constant negative energy weighs him down, and he's constantly tired, because I'm always testing him out to see if he stays, the fear of abandonment drives every thing I do, I'm manipulative and threaten to kill myself -too many times to count - sometimes i actually even go ahead with it - but obviously I've failed because im unfortunately still here.

My behaviour is never a conscious or has malice intent but still they are my actions and I take full responsibility for them. I wish I could just break up with him - I love him but i know he would be happier, but my brain just can't even comprehend anything without him. I can't even be by myself (we don't live together but we text often) because im that dependent. 

I dont know how to break the cycle. I'll have an episode and I'll say sorry a thousand times and I'll say I wont do it again but i cant even control the cycle my brain must go through to create an episode. I'm so sensitive to every little stimuli - even as little as change in tone in a text response - and I misread so much, most is just perceived, my head makes stuff up. I can't stop and it's driving me insane, I'm exhausted at the moment it's episode after episode after episode and with every one there is physical chest pain that's so bad I can't even sleep.

Enough about my stupid fucking self. Ive fucked up so much this time. My partner has deferred exams for university soon and because of the frequency of my emotional breakdowns/ episodes he put all his time into me and felt too shit to study (because of me) and now he only has 2 days to cover a years worth of work, each for about 3 exams. 

He chose to defer them in the first place because he was too preoccupied with looking after me at the time to sit them.

I was crying and I was texting him and he said:

"If anything, i should be the one crying, i was going to get a first"
He's never been angry or blamed me for my condition and behaviour but

it broke me. There's absolutely nothing I can do, he has not much time to prepare anymore and won't do as well and it's all my fault. I have taken so much away from him, made him miss opportunities over the year and a half we have been together, and without a high grade he will be unable to apply for the internship he wanted to or get a first

I can't do anything about it and i cant even  just not message him anymore and leave him to have a better life because i can't be by myself I am completely incapable of being on my own. I dont deserve to live anymore. Nothing makes it better.






