My suicidal thoughts.I am typically a person who tends to internalize a lot of my problems and do not usually express when I am feeling depressed or sad. However I do want to express these problems and talk about them. I know I need help with this because I have obsessed over these thoughts for years now. I am constantly of the mind set to judge if life is worth it or not, wondering how much more of existing can I stand before I just put a bullet in my head. I feel like the mindset I hold is undeserved and pathetic. Some people undergo such profound suffering for these thoughts to manifest and it's almost no wonder they do. But I have not suffered any great tragedy my life is easy, so easy compared to most people's it's pathetic. I wake up do household chores for an hour or so and play video games with my friends all day. The only great stress I have is how I will manage to grow up. Because it seems I have the lifestyle of a child when I am at my transition into adulthood. But this is also paired with the realization that the life of the average joe that lives in a part of the world with the highest life quality is doomed to the majority of their life being tedium and suffering. And that is not me just speculating I have had jobs in retail and a fast food restaurant. So I have experienced working in lowly entry level jobs and going to school and both suck the majority of the time. So I am stuck left wondering what the fuck do I do that isn't awful? I fear my life is going to turn into a game where I pick jobs hoping one of them will be good only to realize they have all sucked and then uh oh I'm real old and the majority of things I have done in life I have regretted well fuck me I guess I'll die. I just feel so lost, I am trying to find a path in life where I am not doomed to suffer the majority of the time and live for those small bits of time where I can do what I please. I want to live for what I like all the time but I'm afraid that's too greedy, too much to ask for, the majority of people don't how could I go beyond to that state of blissful existence? Does it even exist? Am I chasing after something that can never be attained? And if that's the case how do I endure the suffering? Because I feel like I am weaker than the majority I am pathetic when compared to the majority. People have endured so much more than I have yet they still have the will to move forward when I am here wallowing in despair over the inevitable suffering I will face in the future. One day I fear when I finally face my moment of profound suffering it will give me the willpower to end my life. If you have anything to say please do I really want to hear your opinion on my circumstances. I have kept these thoughts to myself for too long.