I'm concerned about an ex, but most think they're cries for attentionI have an ex from a relationship that lasted from high school past college. He was a good boyfriend in the sense that he was supportive and never abusive or unkind toward me. Obviously we both changed much throughout that time and devolved into friendship. Mostly I could not tolerate his seemingly outsized anger.

His family life was not ideal. His father was a domineering man, short of stature but not the stereotypical desire to live at the gym and judge his sons, sometimes violently, by their athletic prowess. Try as he might, the ex and his older brother did not excel in sports. Their father's anger was physically exercised on the eldest, the psychological abuse was saved for my ex. Catholic school, rod-rotting nuns and all, coupled with a meek, spineless mother added a misogyny bent to the equation. Watching friends and his brother die in high school from overdoses compounded the pain, depression, and anger. 

I offer this brief background in the hopes it might clarify some of who he is. I'm aware armchair diagnoses are professionally unethical, but I'm truly afraid for his safety and others. Since we ended our relationship, I've attempted to remain friends. However the only communications I receive from him are pictures of girls he's having sex with, usually in some degrading form of bondage, or messages conveying his desperate desire to end his own life. Oddly his sexual proclivities seem to contradict his deeply held desire not to die while his mother is alive, lest she suffer the death of another child.

Actually, it's death of other children that scares me the most. While he's never expressed a fondness for firearms beyond a deep devotion for Call of Duty, he has unabashedly shown hatred for and said terrible things about children in general. He's said, "Fuck your kids," to me specifically. These sentiments coupled with his suicidality really concern me. But should I be? Is he just working me? Thank you to anyone who's taken their time to wade through this. 

TL;DR Is my sadistic, somewhat misogynistic ex looking for sympathy with his threats of suicide (which are mitigated with his hatred for children and sending degrading sexual photos to unwilling exes) or should I genuinely worry he might shot himself or a classroom first?