Losing in the game of daily struggleI've been reading this subreddit for a while now, but only now decided to join, guess I may aswell "introduce" myself. This will be long, I don't have anyone I could talk to. Sorry.

I'm overwhelmed. I'm turning 23 soon, and from the outside looking in, I should be all good. Divorced parents, never had any financial hardships, no real bullying (just some teasing for being an outsider due to my lack of social skills), no illnesses, great grades, engineering BSc diploma.

However, that is a front. My parents and family never cared about my emotional well-being, my mother and sister made me feel worthless and useless from age 4-5 and I grew up *knowing* that I was just that. I've never even thought about being depressed, thoguht it was just normal to never be happy. To always be down. Blue. To fake every smile.

I have just reached out to a psychologist last december, after 10+ years of depression. After 2 sessions she told me she couldn't treat me because of my suicidal ideation (it started last summer) and recommended a different psychologist. After bouncing around in emails never being able to get an appointment I went to a psychiatrist last week who prescribed some anti depressants. They are not helping. At all.

I have a crush on a girl. I asked her out in October, she rejected me, we stayed "friends", even though she started distancing herself from me. I wasn't in a good place, I never open myself up to anyone, and being vulnerable for someone who doesn't care about me feels really bad. (I haven't talked about my feelings in over 4 years before that, since my first and only GF cheated on me.) A few weeks after I confessed, her sister killed herself. I felt my world stop. I didn't know her sister at all, yet I feel like I know her all too well. (I won't go into detail about her situation, that is not my right to do so.) I realized if I didn't act, I'd end up there too. I would've been okay with that, wasn't it for Her. Seeing her in pain was the worst feeling, knowing I could not help her.

Me and Crush worked together at a company. I was also working as a software developer at that time and finishing uni. I threw away my SD job so I could be there for her any time if she wanted to talk. She  vented to me many times before, she always said I was such a good person to talk to, supportive and understanding. Well, things changed soon after. December came, and with it, my seasonal Christmas-depression (thank you, mother). I told her this, and she... wasn't there. She instantly went to replace me in her life with another colleague. One thing happened after another, I fell into deeper and deeper depression, wrote my farewell notes, finalized my "plan of action", started cutting my thighs when the mental pain was too much. (I would engage in non-suicidal self injury earlier (beating my fists bloody on items around my room/my thighs, burning my hands on purpose, that sort of things), but never with an actual "weapon".) This being said, I never had any actual intent to kill myself.

I'm afraid that will change soon. I am in pain. Every day I wake up disappointed, fight back tears until the evening (haven't been able to actually cry, even when I tried in over a decade, since the funeral of my grandfather), fall asleep after hours of struggling, then start over.

Two things keep me alive:

I do not want to rip open wounds She suffered when her sister died.

I cannot make my grandmother (wife of my late grandfather whose funeral I mentioned) bury one of her grandkids.

This world can go f\*\*\* itself other than these two people. However, my crush talks to me less and less, and my grandma is in a worse shape day by day. Soon those two reasons will disappear. I will be freed from my conscience. I am not looking to postpone it a second further afterwards.

But I am afraid.

I worry that I will not make it till then. I want to take all the pain I have to if that means not hurting them, but what if I'm not strong enough?

Thanks for letting me vent. And thanks for reading if you did. Sorry for any burden I may have placed on your mind.