I'm in dire need of a friend right now.First time posting. Makes me a bit nervous, but I'm in over my head right now. I apologize in advance for any improper grammar. I'm distraught and using my phone. 


I haven't had a great life. I've been sexually abused, once by a neighbor, and another time by a stranger. The threats by them caused me to live in fear. Some of the closest people in my life have died early and suddenly, namely my first boyfriend and  my father. My dad is gone, but the constant emotional and physical abuse from my mother overshadows my sadness regarding him. All this molded me into a shy, awkward person, who has low self esteem, and very few people with the mutual label of "friends". I've been suicidal and negative for years, but I've had one person to truly help me. 


My long distance boyfriend has been with me through hell. He has been the reason I wake up, and I have been the same driving force for him. We planned a life together for two years, even with over 1,500 miles between us. He and I talked daily without fail, for hours, never getting sick of each other's company. We were more close, understanding, and in love than most "normal" couple. He is older than me, though. And this caused him to worry about wasting the time he still has of being.... "in game". He got scared, and thought everything that we planned for our future wasn't going to happen. We must not have communicated enough on the subject. 


Last night, our conversation was perfectly fine. Then, after some normal banter, he told me he's been talking to someone. A woman, and she likes him. Out of conveniency, an argument that followed, and fear that he's wasting time with me, he said he's going to date her. And just like that, he left me. He refused to compromise, or discuss, or hear what I had to say. It hurt to be left so suddenly and for that reason. But even worse, he cut off all contact with me. All the programs he used to speak to me he deleted, he blocked me everywhere, etc. I got pathetic, and I begged him to stay in my life, to talk again, even on a strictly platonic level. He said no. "That wont work". 


All this happened through IM. He refused to meet me, skype with me or even just use his voice to break it off. It's one thing to lose a boyfriend in this way, but he was also my best friend.


Whether what he did was wrong or not doesn't matter much to me currently, nor is whether or not he'll regret his quick decision and apologize. I just miss him. A lot. In addition to this, there is so much unrelated stress in my life. This bit of rejection and heartbreak is the straw that broke the camel's back for me. I don't feel suicidal just because he broke up with me. I'm fed up with constant disappointment in my life, and this just made me snap. 


I tried talking to the few friends I have. They either didn't seem to care, or weren't able to talk. I feel like I don't have anyone anymore. I just need a person to help me feel better, or at the very least to distract me from all this until I can relax. I don't want to kill myself. But it's the only thing that's on my mind. I'm using all my strength to stay alive tonight.