Every day that goes by, I lose more of myself.I am 29 years old, married for 3 and a half years. My wife is 28. I have two sons who are 1 year old and 4 months old.  I am 9 credits away from graduating from college, which I have been attending on and off for over a decade.  I was in the Air Force, and got out after 6 years.  Now I am a stay at home dad with no job, no life, no social interaction beyond talking to a toddler and an infant all day.  I have no friends around because they all work and I'm halfway across the country traveling on my military wife's orders.  No family in the immediate area, either.  My mother, who was the single parent who raised me, was just diagnosed a couple weeks ago with stage 4 breast cancer that has matasticized to her bones, and its very unlikely she will be around in a few years.  I live on the opposite coast of the United States from her.  I love my wife, but I cant stand being a parent.  I don't want to be here anymore. I don't want the responsibility and the worries.  I dont like my children most of the time.    I have gone to a therapist and a psychologist, and they told me that its possible I could be bi polar.  I was on 4 different meds for a couple months before I realized I dont want to take drugs for the rest of my life.  There are two reasons I don't want to kill myself, but I'm afraid they might not be enough one of these days.  Reason 1 is that I don't want to ditch out on my responsibility as a parent and a husband.  Reason 2 is that I actually enjoy many aspects of life that I am grateful for, like sunsets, a good hit of weed, conversations with loved ones, new fucking possibilities and adventures, or the thrill of watching hockey.  However, sometimes I get so down that I run through all the possible death scenarios in my head and imagine doing it.  My therapist called them "psychotic episodes".  I am lost, alone, conflicted, angry, and just overly displeased with life and its stupid fucking games.  I don't want to be a part of society anymore, and damn near everything I see pisses me off in some way, shape, or form.  I just want to get the fuck out of here, hopefully with some poetic, profound death revelation, and sink into the oblivion that awaits every mortal being.  I feel completely alone, and my wife is on a completely different level than I am.  We have tried talking about things, and she just can't.  She says she doesn't have the deep questions about life that I do.  I sat in the garage tonight and thought about whether or not it would be possible to kill myself by running the car.  I heard somewhere that they fixed the emissions so that this isn't really possible.  Then, after I came inside, I took a shower where I laid in the bathtub and visualized slitting my wrists with a razor blade.  I don't think I can ever do these things, but some days, especially right after drinking, I feel like I could be really close.  No one will probably read this far, but I kind of enjoy the fact that I put this out there.  It eats at my brain like a parasite, daily.  I live for small victories, and while I'm not afraid to die, there's a lot of good shit I dont want to miss out on.  This Sunday is my 30th birthday.  I dont even want it to happen.