My Mental Illnesses and Fetish made me give up.I am about to turn 19 years old and I don't see a future for myself. I believe my psychological issues are endless or that my anxiety is so bad that I've tricked myself into believing anything remotely bad is what I have. I have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety and was prescribed anti-depressants and anti-anxiety meds when I was 16. However, these did nothing for me after taking them for three months so I stopped. I'm a gay male who went through an abusive relationship with my ex, my mother left the family, I was left to raise my 3 younger siblings, I see my father maybe 3 times a year, The stress to maintain a 4.0 GPA in college is taking a toll on me, I'm watching porn that terrifys me. I feel i'm incapable of loving...I don't see myself being able to truly ever be loved or to love someone else. I crave it but yet it doesn't turn me on anymore. I have to reach to extreme porn to even masturbate and it is the only thing that will turn me on anymore and I hate myself so much for it.  I want so badly to just be normal...to have a relationship with a guy. I want to crave plain vanilla sex, even though I've never been able to actually enjoy or get off during sex i've struggled every-time. The only porn that is getting me off these days sadly is \*sighs\* beastiality. The weird thing is growing up I told myself I HATED dogs. To be honest I still do? I don't understand why this is turning me on. I was hoping it's a phase but it's turning into a habit that makes me feel so guilty that I just wanna end it. I don't feel I could be fixed. There is no way in hell I would ever talk to a therapist about something so disgusting. I either will get over this on my own or I'll die. I want so badly to be loved. I am also a psychopathic liar who lives in a fantasy world. I've created this fake image to myself that i've made myself believe that i'm gonna be the richest person ever who has a capitalistic empire and I don't care who i'll have too step on to get too it. When someone call's me evil and a bad person I smile. I want to get better I really do and I don't want these thoughts of beastiality controlling me anymore. I see dogs in public now and i'm so scared my brain says "I bet that person has sex with their dog" even though I know nobody thinks like this. A year ago I would've NEVER had thoughts like this. I was only addicted to porn that was a little brutal but it was only humans. I can't live my life like this anymore, it's become too much for me. I try so hard to sext guys who have interest in me and it's something I can think I'd like to fantasize about but it just doesn't turn me on anymore. I have to resort to the nasty porn I hate so much.  I need guidance or else it's gonna be too late for me I suppose.