Life has become far too large of a drag.Hello, all. 

I have never been able to articulate my issues into a platform before, as I have always known I'm not okay in the head, but always figured I could muscle through myself.

Lately, that has not been the case.

I've gone through a long period of not wanting to see the next day, of sleeping an hour a night or not at all most nights, of crying every single night to my lonesome.

I resent the world around me. I hate every thing and everyone. Small things infuriate me. I had to step away from social media entirely, and most of my friends have left and abandoned me.

I've always been the class clown everywhere I have gone. Be it work, school, or the gatherings I've seldom attended. Not a single person came to know me. The few that had had claimed I was too broken for them, and only brought them down. I recall a winter break of school where I spent 3 days straight gaming, without anyone asking about me, or talking to me. I felt so lonely.

I've been able to help people rationalize a life without me. I am not happy, I have no aspirations or dreams. At all.

It bothers me; crushes me to no extent. I get annoyed when I look around me and see all of these people with goals in life, future plans, hopes and wants. I, however, cannot fathom tomorrow.

I will be going off in tangents quite a bit, and I think I need to apologize in advance now.

I haven't been happy all my life. I am unaware of the feeling in its entirety. Since a child, I wanted to die. An unsettling notion to want to die as a mere five year old. I knew then I didn't want to be here longer than I needed.

I see people laugh and giggle at the simplest things, and it boggles my mind. I wish I could do that. I wish I wasn't able to lie awake in bed for countless hours to myself and ponder upon what I feel, why I feel it, and what I will do next. I've completely separated my mind from myself. I don't control my actions anymore, but I can analyze them.

I no longer enjoy doing anything. I haven't completed a piece of work in ages. I am doing nothing but rotting and festering away, and I don't think I can see a foreseeable future.

I tried the route of Therapy, and I couldn't take it seriously. I would talk and talk, and they'd listen and respond and inquire. It became a song and dance of call and response. I felt like they didn't really give a hoot. They're not being entirely selfless, and to say they were would be untrue.

I don't know what has pulled me to this sub to write. I don't think it will ever do any good, and just bring people down.

I've always been the type that people can talk to and joke with, maybe it could be due to the relatable quality, and quick to quip personality people claim I have. However, when the few that have lingered to scrape away at that false surface to see what is underneath... those few have left me in far worse shape than they had approached me.

I do not think I deserve to live anymore. Heck, I truly so not want to. Nothing gives me a thrill. I write this lying alone in my bed, wondering why I don't do it.

It used to be I'd have thoughts of doing it, but could never act on it. It has evolved into hating myself for not doing it, and seeing myself being able to do it.

Maybe I need to be in a ward at this point, as to not harm myself, but if I were to halt the parallel movement with time to go into percieved tranquility, then I would want nothing other than to leave.


I cannot even say I will have the will to respond to anyone, should there even be a response to refrain from responding to. 

I've given up leaving my house, I've given up taking care of myself, I've given up eating much, but I've yet to give up that false outer shell. I know if I give that up, then there will be nothing left of me.

I'm alone in this world. No friends; my best mate and my SO have left me. My family never cared. My name will soon be forgotten.

It's been a long while since I last saw everyone at school. I was renown there. Everyone loved me, but no one cared to know me, nor see me in any other light or setting. Lucky them.

I've been rambling for far too long now; mostly incoherent babbling, I'm sure. I just do not think I can keep this charade up for much longer, and thus, this life. I'll be forgotten and not missed soon enough. 

Thank you for your time.