Just keep swimming, just keep swimming.I've been having a pretty high level of ideation since December. I've kind of come to realize that there are a lot of things about my life that I don't really like. This might be long, I'd just like an ear. I feel like typing it all out helps me keep it together. Thanks in advance :]

 I'm living with my mom for the first time since I was ten (23 now), and I just feel like I'm being treated really unfairly. I know she is under no obligation to support me, since I'm now beyond age 18, but I feel "owed something" for the 8 years (10-18) where she didn't have to lift a finger, as I was living with my dad. Dad is gone now, and I really just need help for the next two years so I can finish college. I just feel more like a renter/hired hand than I do her son. I feel like she's more interested in me doing yardork, re-arranging furniture (She constantly re-does the organization of the trailer), and listening to her drama with her new husband, than she is in me actually having a safe haven where I can get a good educaiton, and live peacefully. She's really easy to set off, and gets really, really dramatic quickly, and it just makes me feel like a horrible person, or big bully.

I just feel constantly like the floor is going to fall out from under me. I don't really have a proper room set up here, so I can't figure out what to do with myself when I'm not at work/in class. My mom is really poor, and spends the majority of any excess money she has going on cruises. She makes like 12k/year, and has maybe 2.5k to her name. I have some savings, but I'm switching to part time work so I can focus more on school, and I know it won't last. I worry about the money running out all the time, and it paralyzes me, and just makes me want to leave everything.

I don't have any other family, which makes me feel really depressed. I feel like the only way I'm going to get that family dynamic is by one day makng one myself, but I feel like the lack of my own family makes me a really crap mate. I don't want my son/daughter to not have any aunts/uncles/cousins from my side. I feel like someone would be handicapping their potential children by choosing me.

I'm starting my first classes really related to my major next semester, and I feel like I can't juggle work, school, being an audience, and worker for my mom. I want to just take the savings I have, go nuts having fun for my last few months, and end it. I feel like I'm on a path to slowly wither, and it scares the hell out of me. Still, I want to make it out of this. I really, really want to make it out of this. I know I'm not useless, and I feel like I have the potential to do something.. not great, but at least kinda meaningful? I just feel defeated by my circumstances. Any advince would be appreciated, and again, thank you for your time.