Im confused about my suicidal thoughtsSo Im not sure where to start because today is a day where i dont want to have my body die. And i dont want to rant too but i also need to talk to people who understand wanting to move on from this body and life. Ive had suicidal thoughts since i was nine.

Ive never attemped. But i fantasized about being dead. I have very recently broke up with my ex. But he isnt the issue i think. Maybe he is. I cant hold down a steady job. But im trying to solve my financial problems by being proactive. The city in maddening. Cars, sirens, people, noise and lights. 

There are a million reasons why i want to die. No one gets it. An example,  Because i havent attempted and never will i feel lonely. Like i dont belong with anyone on one side of the fence or another. When i say im suicidal but i dont attempt i get a poser by people who attempt; and look like an attention whore by people who arent suicidal. But i feel like a burden. To my friends, my brother, my land lords, the planet.

I recently had a dream where i was a light orb. I wasflying through space till i reached a swirling galaxy. My consciousness' origin.  A hand reached down and grabbed me. It matched the patterns and colours of my home. Not child hood home. Lets be clear. A voice said not quite yet, you still have a bit more time. How long is a bit... to them it was probably the rest my life here.

I cried all day cause i didnt want to be here. I wanted to die and i want to go home. I feel like my human life is a mess. I try so hard to do my best and make a life for myself. But it feels like a roller coaster that i dont get to get off of till my body is dead.

On the other had there are so many things i want to do. Want to see, smell, hear. I want to be apart of it all. Is this my brain trying to keep me alive, or is it that i dont want to die.

 Ive exhausted all community mentle health systems. Medications are worse. Ive been on a lot of stuff to know it doesnt help me. But i keep trying and it doesnt work. I wouldn't be suicidal of i could get my life together. But im starting to think it will never be.
 Heres my questions.

Am i the only one who feels like death is better than life here on earth as a human?

Do any of you know what home is to you?

How do you become ok with hating this life most times and continuing on even though it feels pointles.

Can you ask me questions too? I need people talk to and suicide lines are bullshit and the hospitals dont help. I have a public psychiatrist and psychologist but the suck to be honest. I cant afford private practice. I want to talk to people not dr's. But its impossible to get an honestly open face to face conversation about issues.