Relationship with older guyI don't know where to post this.
I had a doctor about 7 years ago who helped me with my problems when I was younger. Nothing happened here, of course. Strictly professional. In the last two years, we started talking again and he would give me advice. We got closer and closer and things started changing. He helped me come into myself as a gay adult. But things started changing when he started buying me things. I've never asked for anything, but he's offered to by me things for my birthday, etc. I accepted. I was broke at the time and appreciative. I've talked to him about it. He knows I don't want anything sexual and he understands. He'd never want to push me to do anything sexual. It isn't a sugar daddy situation, quite. I don't even know how to describe it... I supposed he's just generous and he and his husband have extra money (and yes, his husband knows.) He's even given me several thousand dollars when I was struggling to pay rent. I've offered to pay him back several times and he refuses.
What it comes down to is that we're close friends and he and his husband like helping others.. paying friends and family to help them through struggling times makes them happy and makes them feel purposeful. Here's where it gets bad... I told my parents today that he was thinking about getting an apartment in this city... he and his husband like to come visit me and see shows. He asked that, if they got an apartment, would I be interested in housesitting since they wouldn't be coming that much. I told my parents that I might have a housesitting opportunity and they called him a predator. They told me to pay him back for everything immediately (they saw in my bank account that he had sent me money.) They said this isn't normal. They said not to talk to him. To only be professional. They said he's after something. I don't know what to do... this is after he said he loved me today but he's trying to get over it. He knows nothing will come out of it but now I'm convinced I'm in the wrong. He says he knows we're just friends. But my parents are so upset. They only know about him giving me money and offering for me to housesit.
I'm a mess right now and probably am explaining things poorly. Someone please help me. I don't know what to do. Is he a predator? Is there something wrong with this relationship? I didn't think there was until my parents brought it up.

I feel suicidal over this now. I've messed up. I'm insane