I don't know what to do.I need somebody to talk to about my problem. But first, Please allow me to share my story:

Back when I was in high school, there was this girl that I fell in love with. I never talked to her but I knew it was love since I couldn't describe the feeling I got every time I see her. She never had a boyfriend (as far as I know) until almost half of our school year. I wanted to tell her how much I loved her but I couldn't since I was (still am) a coward. One of the fondest memory that I will always cherish with her was that during our graduation ceremony, her friend sort of teased her with me to come sit next to me which she did for some reason. Back then, I felt that I had a shot with her but I was too afraid to take it. A few months after the aforementioned event and it was our summer vacation, I couldn't help it anymore and I finally got the guts to tell her how I felt through a drunken message on facebook. I was expecting to be turned down (which would have been better) but instead, she added me as a friend. I didn't add any special meaning to it, but, I recall her personality to be as somebody who would reject another guy since it happened one time to another guy. Another factor why I couldn't pursue her was I got a threatening message from her bf that it broke me down to the verge of cutting myself and almost drinking poison. This happened almost eight years ago. Fast forward to now, I saw her working as a waitress in a restaurant and I wanted to talk to her or to approach her but I was too scared. The reason why I wanted to talk to her was perhaps ask if I had a shot back then or not. I know that you guys are probably thinking that I should move on or to forget about her, and believe me, I tried the best I can but for some reason, I just can't. I tried to woe other girls and met somebody but I wasn't able to successfully do so and for some reason my mind always reverts to thinks about her. Now, I feel broken and empty inside. I don't know what to do. I can't even bear to look at her facebook profile since I feel like it would open up old wounds and damage me more or that I'm afraid to know that she's still with the guy who threatened me back then. Please I need your help....

TL;DR: I fell in love with a girl with whom I never talked to for seven years ago. I don't know what to do. It left me broken after seeing her for so long. Tried the hardest to move on but can't.