Coming Close To The EndI have returned to Suicide watch after 3 years on a different account and I would like to give an update. 

Recently life becoming worse and worse for me. I am now 17 and in my final year of school and my grades are complete shit. More family members have died of cancer and other illnesses, leaving only my mother, sister, aunt and cousin (who both moved to a different country to get away from the toxic family) two uncles (who are both on the autistic spectrum and are very aggressive/toxic) and grandmother and grandfather (one of which is a diagnosed narcaissist).

My father has been dead 4 years now but I still am affected by the times he had tried to kill my in rages due to the brain cancer. My best friend who supported me through my depression and suicidal thoughts died in a car accident nearly one year now. I am still getting bullied/mocked by people for my height/hairloss (I got male pattern balding at 14, which is almost uheard of and greatly affects my self esteem and social life). I still have my heart problems which prevent me from doing the activites and sports I used to enjoy when I was younger.

My mother got a boyfriend and is now planning to move to a different country when me and my sister turn 18, so 1 and 1/2 years away from now and has said multiple times that she wishes we would fuck off and that she isn't going to support us both anymore from then on and will cut off contact.

I have tried applying to multiple jobs to start saving for a house due to my mother abandoning us however I have been rejected or never got a call back from all of them. My father left a sum of money for me and my sister for when we turn 21 around $80-$100k but my grandmother is in charge of giving it to us, she is a diagnosed narcissist. I have almost no money saved up, my parents never gave me money or birthday presents and rather spent it on expensive designer clothes, jewlery or furniture for themselves.

I have tried some of the advice you gave me last year such as try to find a girlfriend. That has gone badly since I would not conside myself attractive due to hair loss and short height. I also rarely find a romantic connection with women I always gets rejected friendzoned and I am not intrested in persuing romantic relationships with my female friends. So I basically gave up on that.

Since my best friend died I have nobody to talk to about me depression, all the councillors, doctors and phycologist have been of no help to me and keep saying shit like "don't worry, in a few years it will get better" however its been nearly 8 years since I was first told that and everything has just got worse.

I am essentially going to become homeless next year since I have no support, family and friends that will help/be in a position to. There are also a huge lack of homeless and mental health resources in my country.

All of this sadness has been turning into anger and at sometimes I barely recognise myself anymore. I feel like there is a monster clawing and scratching to get outside. I really don't want to do something stupid/ get in trouble for. I feel like suicide is the only option to protect myself and those around me.

I have no idea what to do anymore. I feel like an abomination that was never meant to exist and just to fail in life. I have tried masking all of this with positivity however underneath the mask I am cracking and eroding.

I don't know what to do anymore and I feel like this is the final chapter of my my life which is coming close to the end. What should I do anymore?