My girlfriend has suicidal tendenciesWe've been together for almost a year now. She has had depression for more than ten years now. I am 18 and she's 19. Her mother... I don't know how to explain it, but practically she's a cold bitch that humiliates her and hits her regularly and that doesn't help to treat her depression. 
My girl only has me, she's socially awkward, but so sweet and I love her more than anything else. I always act comprehensive towards her and help her with everything I can, I show my love everyday because I believe she's the one for me.
She's... my sunshine
I don't want them to take my sunshine away
I stopped her from committing suicide twice and lately she was feeling down because the university she wanted rejected her and I haven't known anything from her in quite a long time. Today afternoon she texted me, she only said that she was very grateful with me and that her life may have not been the best, but I helped her to ease a part of it.
I went to her house all paranoic, knocked over and over again for more than half an hour and her mom said she was fine and told me to stay of it and that she didn't want to see me again. I feel devastated, the anguish eats my heart.
The sole idea that my...
my sunshine, my little bubblegum, might be dead by now...
It tears me apart
We were planning an escape ao she could come live with me and we would sue her mom over physical and psychological abuse, but I don't know what to expect...
I have the feeling that no one understands my fear and the certainty that if she's not alive and well, I will die of sadness.
I sought help, but... I can't rest until she's by my side, knowing she'll get the treatment she got denied by her mom and that she will be loved living with me...
Not knowing how is she terrifies me
And I'm thinking of committing suicide in a few years if she has... passed away
I'm crying
Sorry, I just
wanted to get this out of me 
I'm so sorry, truly, I don't mind if you don't reply, I just... want to be understood...