Giving Up and Giving InIn my diary from when I was eight it says sometimes I think about hanging myself.

That never changed - Im 24 now. I have major chronic depression and had many suicide attempts in my teen years that were half assed. I hopped the barrier at 19 of the golden gate bridge, dropped my purse into the ocean and swung from side to side on the rafters by one hand just to see what it was like. 
I started to hallucinate, as my body went into shock, knowing I was about to die. A coast guard saw me and before I knew it I was in handcuffs on maybe my 15th trip to the looney bin.

I was addicted to benzos from 16-20 and was off them until 7 months ago. I started up again because I figured it was the only way I could handle the end of a four year relationship and that ex, along with my father facing 8 felonies for running a legal dispensary in california. 


I saw my future slipping away. I couldn't afford school. Every asset was taken and will continue to be taken, including probably my father - my only family member.


Ive never had many friends but I lost a couple of my closest last week and so now I know that if I actually disappeared no one would really know. They literally have no will to talk to me, will not answer phone calls, and see me as dangerously unreliable. Maybe my father will find out in prison.


It's new years and I'm alone. I saw my ex for the first time in a year today because he had something he needed to say in person, which was my cat was gone and had been for months. no one had the balls to tell the girl with no friends that she doesn't have a cat anymore, either. 


I temporarily withdrew from school last year when my relationship ended. It was around that time the dispensary was charged as well, we were raided, and I was treated like criminal and questioned. The stress was too much. I left school and my ex on terrible terms and jumped in a purple VW purple van with an attractive 40 year old who said he was starting a business and it was a sugar daddy situation. 


He didn't tell me he was going broke, and because im easily manipulated I let him run up my credit cards, so now I'm in debt and was never paid for any of the work I did for him. I helped him with everything. Wrote his emails, made his websites, wrote his book, found his coder etc. This former business partner/boyfriend splenda daddy thing ended in him physically assaulting me, verbally abusing me like every person I seem to date and told me I would probably end up like my mother, lost, on drugs, hopeless and a drain on society. He also did not fail to mention I was inconsiderate and a bitch most of the time because nothing made me happy. 


Shortly thereafter I met a guy who I thought was fantastic and impulsively flew to see. We spent the last week of the month not connecting and he eventually told me I didn't know how to love, what love was, that I was selfish, inconsiderate, dangerous, rude, etc.


My four year relationship also ended horribly in me being told I was inconsiderate. After shawn told me I was inconsiderate I called my dad. He picked up and said, "Yes, I made you inconsiderate, unfortunately."


My father is a sociopath. No friends. No understanding of relationships, just give and take. I'm starting to think I'm not entirely human so it REALLY doesn't matter. 


I just want to find a tank/bag method that works and I don't want to be alive with brain damage. I've read about people spending hundreds on systems that don't work. It needs to work. I don't believe I have it in me to bleed out in the bathtub, even with anesthetic 


tl;dr always wanted to die and figuring out im a pretty shitty person anyways makes the whole notion even more attractive