He doesn’t love me anymoreMe and my partner have been going through some pretty tough shit recently. Huge amounts of debt, family disputes and then myself suffering with severe anxiety and depression. This has put a massive strain on our relationship and everything has finally come to a crumbling mess. 
We’ve always had our up and downs with little arguments here and there with us both saying nasty things to each other and then apologising for the heat of the moment shit (which most couples have) but it’s just all got too much. 
I moved in with him and his family just under a year ago and to be perfectly honest, it is a very unpleasant environment. The only part of that house that gave me any joy was my partner and the animals. Even then I hated how they treated their only boy and me. The result of this environment led to me developing horrendous panic attacks which meant I had to drop out of university and my self harm and suicidal thoughts had gone through the roof. 
Recently we had a really bad argument where I pretty much later down the line and told him what I needed to do. I told him I had to get out of that house so that I could sort out my issues and be a better person for both him and myself. And he needed to do the same. His job is dead end, he doesn’t have much in further education and is stuck in a rut with all these debts piling around him. How can we help each other if we can’t help ourselves you know? I want the best for the both of us but we need to be in a better place ourselves before we can even consider taking on someone else. 
I thought that me moving out and giving each other some space to sort ourselves out would work really well. He is yet to make a decision.
The first thing that backfired is that he can’t deal with long distance. Neither could I because I’m very clingy but I’m not even a 20 min drive away. So I felt that wouldn’t be an issue but clearly it is.
Secondly, I’m trying to stay in contact with him while he makes his decision but he says that he struggles to talk to me because it makes him so upset. If I make him that upset then why is he still considering being with me? 
Lastly, I always message him morning and night saying good morning/night and asking how he is because I still love the bloke to pieces and want to make sure that he’s ok. I always say I love him because it’s the truth but he just can’t message it back and it’s KILLING me. 
I know we decided to not see each other and give each other a bit of space while things were quite raw so that we can think properly but it’s obviously not helping. I CANNOT wait any longer for his decision. It’s only been a couple of days but my mind is going into overdrive and I just want it all to stop!!!! 
I love him so fucking much and he is the only thing bringing any happiness into my life! I’m so fucking lonely and I love him so much! If he had given me an answer and day or two ago then I would have been able to take it but the fact that I’m sat here waiting for a response, holding onto a glimmer of hope, it’s destroying me. I just want to know whether I can move on with my life or not. Or whether the liquid morphine in the house will knock me out for good without having to wake up and be looked after by a carer. 
I am so fucking stupid for even considering being apart. I’m so fucking stupid for moving out. I’m so stupid for ruining our relationship!!! But I need to help myself and he needs to help himself so how do I win?!
I think if he leaves then that will be the end of me. My last piece of hope and happiness in my life will be gone. I’m even contemplating saying my goodbyes now. I just can’t fight anymore. I’m not a strong person and I can’t do it anymore. Im not meant to be in this world. 