I'm done.This is it, reddit. I'm done.

I cannot, no, REFUSE to live this bleak, sad, miserable existence that some would call a life. I am nothing more than a a piece of walking, talking, breathing human trash.

I got a 1.3 GPA my first semester in college. I have become an utter disappointment in my family. Not only to my family, but to my fraternity brothers as well. This group of men would jump in front of a fucking bullet for me and I can't even meet a required GPA minimum. I view that as being the biggest, most useless mooching piece of trash excuse for a human being.

I have been dealing with all of that, but the story that follows blew the top. Beware of extreme vulgarity and cursing.

I have been off and on with a girl since I got to college. And when I say off and on, I mean that she would get drunk when I was on sober driver duty, beg me to buy her food (and apparently I am way too big of a fucking pussy to say no), and then she would demand that we go back to my room so she could "sleep". And by sleep, I mean beg for me to fuck her, even though I repeatedly told her I would not as she was intoxicated and I was not. It's a moral thing. This would always end with her forcibly ripping off articles of clothing from my body and essentially forcing me inside of her.

And then? She would ignore me. Until the next time around. 

I fucking love this girl. I love her. And every couple of weeks, she tells me she has changed, I take her back hoping for that to be the truth. It never fucking is.

I don't ever want to see that useless, trashy, fucked up disease ridden cunt again.

And since i'm too big of a fucking pussy to stand up to her, i'm doing the only thing I can to ensure that I never, ever, see her again.



EDIT: I talked to friends, as well as the suicide hotline (They fucking suck, seriously. Bitch put me on hold. Logically, you probably shouldn't put a person who has nothing/nobody to live for on hold, forcing them to listen to your shitty hold music.) I have calmed down, and am back in my dorm room. I haven't slept in 86 hours, so i'm hallucinating pretty bad right now, so i'm going to try to sleep.