I don't know anymoreI just needed somewhere to write something...

I sit there in the tub. The warm water surrounds my hips and legs, a slight contrast to the cold metal in the blade of my hand. I don't know how long I sat there looking at my left wrist asking myself, *"Are you gonna do it?"* The thought of death fascinated me more than scared me. I wasn't fascinated by the pain or anything, just by the blood, the way your heart rose and eventually fell, the way it would feel when I gave in and let my droopy eyelids fall for the last time. The eternal sleep. The freedom. The riddance of everyday's burdens. I lifted my right hand to my left arm and held the blade in place. *"Cut. Cut. Cut."* My mind chanted over and over. I pushed the blade into my skin; this alone made a little drop pool around the edge of my blade. I **smiled** slightly. The pain felt good in a way. It was letting me know what was to come. I slowly and firmly pulled the blade along my skin. I repeated in the same spot a couple times. Then, I lowered my wrist into the water, Watching the blood fall from my wrist to the bottom of the tub was simply fascinating. I loved how... *peaceful* ... it looked. It drove me further, I made a few more cuts into into my arms and went over them a couple times as well. Each time the blade went across my skin more and more blood would come out. I couldn't keep track of how much blood I had lost because there was a steady inflow of water as there was draining. I had mastered the technique at a younger age to keep the water warm, it came in great handy now. Keeping my left wrist under the water, near the drain, I set the blade down on the ledge of the tub and rest my head on my knee. I could already feel the drowsiness coming on and it made me happy. I'd leave all this pain behind, once and for all. I shut my eyes and was done. It kinda was exactly like sleep. No dreaming or anything. When I woke up with bright fluorescent lights over my head and the smell of death and latex gloves all around me I realized it was only sleep. I closed my eyes and slept more. I was running away from the guilt I'd feel when I would see the sorrow in my parent's eyes... One day, I would have to put them through this again except I wouldn't wake up then.

True story.