I’m breaking. The quarantine is finally breaking me.There’s too many problems to solve.

This quarantine bs was the final straw. I was picking myself up and doing everything I needed to do to be my successful self again. Now I’ve lost everything. 

I’m delusional. But it’s not my fault. I have severe trust issues. Anytime Iearn anything that doesn’t fit my confirmation bias I think it’s a trick. That the world is keeping secrets from me so they can trick me into using me. I’m worried that if I stop fighting and being afraid and being angry for one second, it will somehow cause a domino effect into me being a cuckhold. Or somehow being gay which I’m still not sure if that ones real. 

Why is the world lying to me? Why are they trying to trick me into thinking love is real? So they can take advantage of me? I 

I can’t handle this. I guess I’m weak. But I can’t accept that because that will also lead to me being a cuckhold.

Literally all I want is a faithful wife. And I would do everything necessary to make her feel loved, as long as she made me feel loved back. I know what it takes, communication.

I’m just afraid the only thing I’ve ever wanted, a happy family, is impossible to achieve.

And now with being quarantined, all my alternatives are gone. I have nothing. I have nobody. And I never will. 

I can’t even think of what to say I’m so confused and lost. God I can’t take it. I just want it all to stop. I can’t do it. Why did I used to think I could? How did I let myself come so low? I thought I was doing the best I could.

I gave up my last semester of college I got so bad and so low. That’s when the delusions started. The only reason I didn’t kill myself is because I thoughts my parents wanted me to kill myself. And so the only reason I’m alive is because I’m a spiteful and stubborn son of a bitch. I think I’m ready to move past my stubbornness and end it all. 

It’s funny, the delusions. I KNOW they’re not real, at least it’s incredibly unlikely. But it’s not safe it believe that they’re not. Because if I stop believing them. Who am I? What will I become? Probably a loser who’s wife cheats on him. How can I ever be enough. I want to change the world and change myself, but why. 

Just why. I can’t take it. I wish I never met her. I wish I never dated her. I wish I never trusted her. I wish I never loved her. 

And now here I am. Destroyed. A year and a half later. All because I “didn’t pay enough attention to her”. So vain. So selfish. And yet because I trusted her, everything she said and did, I believed. I just can’t get over it.