I've been abused so many times that I feel like my psyche is now irreparable.I'm damaged goods. 

I didn't have a good upbringing. I was raised by an abusive mother who then married a man who also abused us. Then I moved in with my father who was married to a woman that tore me down and gaslit me daily. I attempted suicide a few times as a teenager.

So, I moved away across the country for college. I thought I'd get a fresh start and surround myself with good people. My freshman year of college, I was raped.

A few months after, I met a guy who seemed perfect. He made me so fucking happy and love bombed me and I gave him everything, emotionally, physically, and even financially. Then he started abusing me emotionally and sexually. Then he dumped me after a year over text and told everyone I abused *him* and I also found out he'd cheated on me multiple times. So, I was isolated. He was the only person, only friend I had in town at the point and he kept coming over to my place wanting to "make up" and we'd have sex and then he'd tell me I wasn't worth shit. I remember asking him "why?" once and he flatly said, "Because you're easier than finding someone on Tinder." At that point I just cracked.

I had to be admitted to the hospital multiple times for severe panic attacks because I couldn't even remember who I was as a person. I never even recovered from that, I still feel like that.

Two years later I found out he had slandered me so greatly across town that pretty much everyone knew me as an "abuser." So, I couldn't even speak about the atrocities he did to me without immediately being shouted down and told, "Don't listen to her she's a liar and she abused \*Jake." I tried multiple times to speak to him and apologize for whatever I did but he just ghosted. I was also banned from rape support groups for being an "abuser." 

I ended up in another relationship that started out great but an ex-girlfriend got involved, and it turned out the guy still had feelings. He cheated on me multiple times. He body shamed me and compared me to his ex. He got me addicted to drugs and he reminded me daily that I "wasn't his girlfriend" and that I was just a piece of ass. At parties he made a game out of throwing beer in my face and he and his friends would laugh at me. That relationship ended when he essentially just started fucking someone else in front of me at a party and she him humiliated me in front of everyone and the next day made public Facebook posts about me being "psychotic." Even though I didn't do shit but cry, I didn't even say anything at that party, I just cried and sat outside chain-smoking while they made-out on the couch in the house.

Yesterday, I found out that my first abusive ex raped another girl. I finally felt like my experience was substantiated by a second account, as well as being livid that he'd done it to someone else. I was told some people were getting together to "cancel" him, fucking finally, and when I asked if I could be a part and if the girl wanted to speak to another one of his victims (because she's not alone), I was told no. So even now that my abuse is substantiated people *still* don't support me as well as this other girl. I'm under the impression that the girl thinks she's the only victim because I've been silenced for 3 years. I tried to post about this on abuse support sub and got downvoted. So, I guess I'm in the wrong and don't deserve support. 

I'm in a healthy relationship now and I have a few friends. My boyfriend and my friends try to build me up. They tell me I'm attractive, that I'm wanted, that I'm important but I feel so barren that it just bounces off. None of it sinks in and I don't know *why*. I think I'm so beaten up that I can't even internalize positivity and love anymore. Sex feels like nothing to me anymore. My boyfriend loving me and cuddling me feels like *nothing*.

I've tried for the past year to feel something but it never comes.

I think about killing myself everyday. I've tried before but it took too long and I was able to chicken out. But now, I really just feel like I'm too far gone.

I tested out "disappearing" last year. I'm off all social media except Reddit. I gave people my phone number, but no one ever contacted me. The "friends" I have now I only reached out to in the last few months. But they went pretty much a year not even thinking of me. 

So the whole, "Think about how this will affect your friends and family," thing...I really think the majority would forget or move on within a few weeks. I've even had lifelong friends who stopped talking to me once I went off social media even though they had my number. They would forget and move on. It wouldn't deeply affect anyone.

I think it would hurt my boyfriend and my father, but my father is getting old enough that he wouldn't have to deal with it for long and my boyfriend is still young and would meet someone else, probably fairly soon after even. 

I don't even know why I'm posting this, I guess I just wanted someone to know why.

And yes, I've been to therapy and tried multiple antidepressants before. I've even been to abuse and rape specific therapy, which put a band-aid on the problem.