At the end of my rope, can't go on anymore, there is no help out thereI just can't go on anymore, trying and failing over and over all while feeling this miserable inside and outside (mentally, emotionally and physically). I cannot earn any money because, at this point, I am too messed up to be able to do anything but cower and cry and fall apart and my brain is so stressed it is like I can't actually learn new information because it won't stay in my stressed out brain. And I think most of my physical pain also comes from the emotional/mental pain - there is too much to handle and it is starting to "come out" of me in the form of hives and rashes and vomiting and all kinds of other unpleasantness. I think the stress is just oozing out of me, at this point. And therapy is taking so long - the next soonest appointment isn't til like a month away and that isn't soon enough when I am having thoughts of suicide like I am now. I've checked myself into a "hospital" before and it made everything so much worse for me - it made me wish I had just done away with myself instead of seeking help. So, now that I am in a place where I am considering suicide AGAIN... I know there is no where to turn for help, other than here. I have had my trust in hotlines and other types of "help" shattered. I have no one to reach out to, though I have tried. People who say there is help out there... they don't know what they are talking about. I have never found any help.

&amp;#x200B;

If I have learned anything, it is that people are concerned with their own lives. If anything else comes up, they are concerned about how it relates back to them. So, in the event of my death, people will only mourn me in the way that they feel my death relates to them. Not too many people even know that I exist, so not too many people would even notice if I weren't around anymore. And it could only be good for the planet if I ceased to exist - because that's one less burden on our over-taxed environment. I can think of so many reasons to end my life, but I can't think of any reasons why I should continue to exist. Or why I should be forced to continue to exist. All I've ever wanted is to just... not be here anymore.... I just wish it was all over already.