I've screwed myself over..I've always hated school. Its never been my thing. I've never been interested in learning things I don't need. I've always had trouble with doing homework, which would ultimately ruin my grades and disappoint my parents. Recently I thought of a way to make school easier, I decided I'd go homeschool. My reasoning was because I could get away with doing a lot at once, and then having some free time and repeating this. I didn't have a lot of friends anyways at my other school, so I figured I'd be fine. 

Fast forward about a month, and everything is going amazing, its going the way I planned and I'm even ahead. At the point, I figured I'd just finish that unit and have the time to start working on one of the many things I've wanted to do, write music. I got way to into writing and being creative time passed by and before I realized it, I was half way into the unit and I hadn't started. I had just started a new song and I knew exactly how it was going to sound, but I knew I had to get to work with school, so I lost the song. I felt a little depressed knowing I lost a good song because of school. So then I finished the unit early again and started trying to get my creativity flowing again. It didn't happen so I gave up with music and just played video games. I played video games too much though. 

Soon after this, my friend's mom passes away. I've known her since 4th grade and we were close because of her sons passing the following year. So I didn't know exactly how to feel, except I knew I wanted to go to the memorial. My own mom told me she would let me know when she's heard something about it. A couple weeks later, she tells me, like 3 days before the service. She did say that she knew for about a week and I was suspicious, but I had my mind set on going to the service being held. I thought about it more later, and I thought my mom didn't want me to go. Eventually I asked her and she denied it, and then I felt terrible for not being trusting of my own mom. 

Fast forward again through today. My mom calls and schedules an appointment with the director of my school for today. I check to see where I am, I'm two units behind. Two units. And the appointment was today. I started to panic and freak out, hyperventilate, and almost pass out in my room. But then luckily my mom realized my dad was supposed to get a package today and she rescheduled it for Friday. 

Now I have two days. I'm screwed. It's all my fault. I don't know what to do. I don't want to let my parents down again and have to face them. 