I can't anymore.I just...Can't do this anymore. I don't think I can take it any longer. Long story short, I'm a unemployed 23 year old mixed woman that's been out of work for nearly half a year now. And I have not had much work experience either. I lost my first job due to not coming in often due to serious bouts of depression and anxiety that I have suffered with for many years now. For specifics, I have major depressive disorder, social anxiety disorder and generalized anxiety disorder.

The job search has not gone well since I was fired. I was too afraid to say why I wasn't coming in as often. Anxiety has kept me from looking and everything my parents tell me, is something I am not clearly comfortable with. They know I have mental illnesses but fail to understand that it's hard for me to work with them. I have tried to explain my feelings before but more or less, I got the typical "get over it" and "people have it worse than you" out there.

No they don't. They don't understand what it's like to fight against these demons in your head on a daily basis. They don't understand what it's like for me to deal with impending anxiety when I come face to face with strangers. It's pathetic I can only talk to people online but when I'm face to face with people, I just...Stop. I freeze and internally freak out.

I think today's a breaking point. And it'll determine if I make it through the day alive or dead. I was confronted with the job search again with my parents this morning. I've tried and I tried so hard constantly in putting in for places that I can. Mostly part time jobs, since I'm more comfortable with that. However, my father said that part time jobs won't be enough to live on. He tells me I should be putting in for full time jobs, not considering my feelings on that. I'm not really wanting full time work when I'm already exhausted enough trying to balance this depression as much as I possibly can. 

He confronts me about applying for a job where my second oldest brother works. Now see, we don't get along too well, me and my 
second brother. So it's why I haven't put in for there at all. I'm afraid of him getting mad at me for being too slow, when he's already done that with a coworker of his. Our relationship isn't that good, so hence why I refuse to put in for that place.

My mom told me to go back to where I worked in the first place, since she works for the same company. However, they rejected me from what I told her. Then she brings up how I never did anything after high school. I attended an Art Institute for about half a year before I dropped out due to anxiety and depression. She's the one that's been helping me with my loans...But it's getting too difficult now. I've applied for an endless amount of places near and far from my hometown, only to end up with two interviews that weren't successful in the end. It doesn't help that I haven't had much experience either. And don't tell me that I'm "lazy" or anything of the sort, I don't want to hear it right now even if you do care. Our financial situation isn't getting any better either. With our A/C and fridge breaking down in just a year apart from each other, it's hard to afford anything right now. Especially when our house mortgage went up in the last year. Anymore and we may have to move.

I'm really trying the best I can to look for a job but at this point, I just want to give up on everything. I'm a failure. I'm not making my parents proud or happy. I'm only adding to debts they don't need. Isn't it better for me to just die? One less person they need to not worry about.

Anxiety and depression...
It's ruining everything for me.

I just. I can't take it anymore. I'm a horrible daughter to my parents. A horrible sibling to my brothers. I feel like everything would be better if I just die right now.

Even if I tell them my feelings about this, it won't matter to them. If I say anything about depression or anxiety, it'll get brushed off as me being lazy or something. I only have one family member that understands me, since he's been in my shoes before and that's my oldest brother.

But even so...I don't think there's help or hope for me anymore.
I have pills here in my room and I'm considering swallowing every single bottle. Then I can just sleep forever. 