I'm past the point of being done. I'm just going through the motions of living now.TL;DR. Abused as a child. suicidal in high school. escaped to college on scholarship. saw life could be worth living. lost scholarship after two and a half years. living with abusive family again. giving up on life again.

----------------------------------------------------------------------



Hi, 
my name is J. I just recently turned 21 and at least tonight I want to tell somebody all of this. Since earlier than highschool I've had suicidal thoughts and probably fought with depression before I even knew what it was.

 In highschool I had given up on being happy and was just doing what needed to be done. For years my mother was abusive, physically and verbally. My father left us when I was ten, I still saw him infrequently throughout the years, but his presence wasnt much. The abuse of my mother got worst when I was starting highschool, she would beat me, kick me out of the house, and throw away my belongings when we fought. I was undoubtedly too headstrong and put up with It since I felt what I thought was right. My mothers now husband would simply watch it happen, and only intervene when I would try to defend myself. The physical abuse stopped when I was 17 and large enough to pin my mother without grabbing her, but the emotional and verbal abuse continued, as well as her getting her husband to kick me out. 

during all of this I had given up in school and was rarely doing homework since It didnt seem to matter to me. Thankfully, I was intelligent enough to pass usually on the few assignments I turned in, in class work, and tests. I graduated highschool in 2010, surprisingly, I was even offered various scholarships due to becoming A national scholar due to a test I absentmindedly took without knowing its importance. 

I didn't care about which college or what I was doing much. So I just picked the one that offered the most and picked a major that sounded like it was the best one. Just more of me going through the motions and doing what I thought was the optimum path. At this point I was realizing I still had a chance at something, and I was escaping the abuse of my family. So the depression started to lessen and I was optimistic for the first time.  

Fast forward and I'm taking classes for chemical engineering. I had an affinity for chemistry, physics, and biology, They were the easiest classes for me and I even did competitions in highschool at the request of my teachers. Chemical engineering is difficult. insanely difficult. I had never seen so much expected from a student in such little time. It scared me, But it also emboldened me since I had never been challenged this much. But my bad habits or lack of need for proper study routines in high school screwed me. While I squeaked by for a few semesters, 18 hours a semester of such insane classes led me to fail a few of them. the first time I was forgiven and didn't lose my scholarship. the second time a year later I was forgiven again. But my junior year, I failed a third class, and my full ride was taken from me. I had completed 2 and a half years of college, I had only a year and a half left, even with the failed glasses, to graduate. furthermore, the fourth year, senior year, is the easiest since all that was required was senior design and humanities classes. But I still lost my scholarship, and my family could never dream of paying 11K a semester even for just 3 semesters, even with loans and student aid. out of state tuition is expensive.

 Throughout all of this, I made a few amazing friends, had countless good experiences, and saw that life could be amazing. While I still fought with depression and suicidal thoughts, I never gave in since I was working on something important, and had been given a rare opportunity. I had also been blessed with friends I never imagined were possible. But now that I'm back home. all of them are gone, I have no amazing opportunity, and all I feel every day is that I am a failure. There is nobody I can confide in and talk to in person here. 

I thought that If i just worked hard again, and did what needed to be done, I would feel better. So I applied and was accepted into a university in my hometown, found a major related to what I wanted in chemical engineering, and even got a job to save up money for a car so I can get to school next semester. But now I'm realizing that I would have to spend 3 years at this university, going into just as much debt as I would have at my other other university. The job I work at is terrible, and minimum wage is adding up to nothing no matter how long or hard I work. The fighting is happening again, I cant escape from this house since I have no friend in this city, and no form of transportation. I walk to work. and fuck........the only reason I havent killed myself is because of my sister, my niece, and my dad. It would fuck them Up so much but I dont know if thats enough to stop me these days. All I can think of is how much of a failure I am, How pointless this seems to be, and How no matter how hard I try nothing seems to work out. My life isnt anywhere as terrible as some people's. Ive been given so many more opportunities. But I cant get any closer to what I dream about, and anytime I actively attempt something, I fail.

I just want to not have to worry all the time...I just want peace of mind.

I can easily obtain a pistol and snuff myself out in a second. If handed one, told it was okay by my loved ones, I would calmly walk into the back yard, sit against a tree, and do it without a second thought. Hell, id probably giddy to know I can finally relax and find out whats on the other side.
