I’m just so tired. I want it to end.Today I saw my schedule for work. Another 15 hour work week. The holidays are coming which means the hours will go up but I started crying because I can’t live off of that right now. I tried to get a 2nd part time job and was denied an availability change. I’m stressed 24/7. I’m in debt. My phone isn’t on and hasn’t been paid for months. I’m a hoarder and I’ve been for the most part keeping shit under control lately but now my roommate is complaining about flies and my secret might be exposed because every time I am under severe stress I start keeping trash again. 

I was talking to my friend about what’s going on with me. All she said was her hours were cut too but she isn’t letting it get the best of her. She lives with her family, I don’t. I don’t have any family or a support system. I literally just moved out of a shelter and I was there for 5 years and I was trying to get an apartment but they didn’t even help me because HIV positive people are the priority. I told my friend I might as well start selling myself for money because I can’t find another job since everything requires experience or college and I have neither. I want to go back to school but I just want someone to give me a chance in the mean time so I don’t have to worry about my bills. My friend then said to me how she doesn’t deal with negativity we’ll and to talk to her when I start to make sense. The truth is I will never make sense because I’m dealing with this on my own and this is my reality. I can be homeless. I barely eat or have any clothes because all of my money goes to rent and the people that don’t even work hard or want to change their lives always get the handouts (I live in New York City). The system  here sucks. I’ve been trying to get help and because I have no dependents I just get swept under the rug

I’m so tired. I can’t take it anymore. I don’t know what I’m going to do. I don’t even have money to do small things for myself to at least have a little bit of happiness. I think of suicide all the time. But I don’t have a plan or a means. People pretend they care but in all actuality they dont. My friend clearly doesn’t care and just thinks I’m a burden and so does everyone else...