Life is not worth it...I've been depressed and anxious for a while now, particularly about finding a job. I'm a computer science masters' student doing an internship that isn't very challenging and one of my main projects is done in a desktop publishing program. The others are data parsing in Excel and moving files into a database. Selling myself based on those experiences has been hard. I have research experience as well, but it's more on the engineering side, and most jobs seem to want tons of experience in very specialized things. They also say that majoring in a difficult field due to the abundance of jobs is the worst thing you can do, well, I did just that. I'm not a very good programmer, and I frequently have a difficult time finding motivation or figuring out where to start on a project. I also don't communicate very well in interviews, and I don't know the right questions to ask, or I freeze up and forget them in the heat of the moment, even if I've read an article on good questions to ask beforehand. I blew a phone interview with a recruiter last week. I think I must have Aspergers or something.

Finding someone would be impossibly difficult for me. I'm a gay male. I try and keep myself busy to avoid that thought, especially since this is my last semester, but it does nag at me. On the other hand, I'm not even sure I want one. I am somewhere on the autism spectrum and need my personal space, and I fear I would tire of another guy quickly. Not only that, but I have a few habits that might turn guys away if ever got to the "living together" stage. 

Also, my parents would be less than supportive, my mom is a traditional Catholic, and my dad is bipolar and worries about everything under the sun and stays up very late drinking and keeping us up sometimes. If I were to come out, I'm pretty sure the drinking would only increase. He also suffers from worse depression and anxiety than I do, and makes comments to me about how life isn't really worth living all the time. Him being those things and my mom being absent-minded can make for a stressful living environment at times due to all the yelling that occurs. He drinks a lot, and tends to talk a lot and keep us awake at night due to his mumbling and walking around. He doesn't have a job, my mom is the one that works and does a lot of the household stuff. Sometimes I want to just leave so they can get a divorce and they don't have to worry about me; I don't think they have a normal relationship.

It's also said you have to go through these tough times in order to appreciate the little things, well, I can't appreciate the little things regardless. I don't find satisfaction in I've accomplished or what I do, and I don't really want anything out of life. We were asked the first thing we would do with a million dollars, and I couldn't think of anything beyond renting an apartment. Life is too difficult, not worth it, and I won't be able to get any enjoyment out of it regardless of the hard work I put in. Ending it sounds easier.