I don't want to die, but I'm tired of living10 years ago I wanted to kms on a daily basis. I had no friends, was weird, hated my family, and hated everyone. I wanted everyone to be in pain like me, and was wallowing constantly in self-pity. I had a delusional sense of my capabilities and thought my "great talent" was merely misunderstood. I \*said\* horrible things.

I grew out of that brooding hatred and into a more actively hateful lifestyle that was reckless and criminal. I didn't have bad friends encouraging me to do things, I merely sought out trouble wherever I could find it. I was an awful person who \*did\* horrible things. I had friends and was popular, but I had lots of angry energy. Reflecting on that time makes my heart race, and not in a good way.

After several wildly unfortunate and horrible things happened to me, I realized I'd be lucky to call it quits on that life without further permanent damage.. I don't believe God is a divine dealer of Cosmic/Karmic Justice but my conviction on that definitely wavered as a lay in a hospital bed for the 3rd time that year.

I dove deeply into reading and programming and studied neurotically for several years. I thought that becoming really rich would solve all my problems. I could move far away, I could travel anywhere, I could do drugs, I could get the best body, I could program anything my heart desired, I could have the hottest girlfriend, I could be philanthropic. I would have a huge house, I would eat great food, drink red wine, enjoy all the films ever made, go to sleep late, and wake up late too. I'd live somewhere beautiful on a nice plot of land, and no police or bad people from my past would ever find me. I would have no worries once I was rich.

I consumed so much knowledge, but I wasn't happy or enjoying the process of learning. I was super stressed all the time and was not pleased to find that other people knew more than me, or were destined for greater things (salaries). I was very jealous during this time of my life and had no friends. I desperately wanted to associate with the upper echelon of talent and society, but also utterly despised those same people for being so much naturally smarter, richer, and more capable than me.

I eventually became rich. Far richer than I planned. Still, I'm a very unhappy person, because I \*think\* horrible things about anyone doing better than me. I can't buy the house of my dreams until I save up for another 30 years, I travel less than 1% of my life, I work like a dog all the time, I feel bad about eating and drinking food because I'm getting fat, and I have a hopeless and loveless relationship with my girlfriend. I'm increasingly paranoid about my past catching up to me, so I tell nothing to anyone and lead a very secretive, off the grid, placid, tame existence.

There are days when I wake up feeling like a million bucks, but there are also months at a time when I'm sitting at the train stop and daydream about stepping in front of it. I dream about dying at work all day. I day dream about how peaceful and quiet it would be in my mind to have zero thoughts, and to finally slow down. 

I'm not sure what the point of this post is. But I wanted to put pen to paper. Thanks for reading if you did, though I'm not sure what you gained from this. Hopefully you don't relate to my story.

I think what I learned is that I don't want to die, I just don't know why I'm working so hard to live a trash life. I don't have an answer to the question what is my purpose and what is life's greater purpose. I hate everyone else who is happy and I have not been able to change that angry foundation of my character. I'm burnt out. I'm tired of harboring so much hatred all the time. I wish I would not wake up every time I go to sleep.