[LONG ONE ]Just let me have a fucking breather.I dropped out of college, everyone now asks me what AM I going to do, when will I come back, why don't I know what I want from life, that it's time to make a decision. Shut the fuck up, nothing interests me.

I can't even get a fucking physical job to support myself properly due to back illness which makes even exercising unbearable.

My grandparents already found me some courses and are telling me to go to school today to ask about redoing a vocational exam which I failed last year.

Just give me a fucking break. Stop, please. I can't keep running like this like I'm some maniac. I wish I could take a gap year but even that is impossible since my parents say it's the stupidest idea - they don't agree with the concept of a gap year, even if I worked for a while. They expect me to come back instantly to uni

My sister had a fucking mental breakdown due to this. She changed her major five times already and after pressing from dad, she decided to pursue something he is doing, marketing. She works at his company as an intern and she is constantly angry and stressed out due to work and university.

I can't imagine living like this, I cnt work hard I'm just too lazy and dumb. I want to jump off a balcony so badly. The child of my parents' friends attempted suicide recently, although he didn't succeed. 

It's just a matter of time before I'm forced to find a room or flat to rent and go to uni full time and at the same time have a job, which means I will have over 80 hours of working and studying at the SAME TIME.

IT'S NOT FUCKING  POSSIBLE I'M NOT A MACHINE LOOK AT YOUR FUCKING DAUGHTER. Even though she has her own flat, she's still on verge of a breakdown sometimes. 

I just want to run away, disappear. My parents are the best people, but sometimes I feel like I dont belong there with them. I'm not like them to push constantly through shit. 

Make it stop. I wish I had the ability to stop or turn back time. I would come back to high school and stay there until I found something I'm passionate about.

And now? Now there s no time at all. I'm destined to be on the streets, there are far more intelligent people than me and poorer than me (I have a quite wealthy family) and the things they do make my jaw drop. My best friend who fights with his dad constantly somehow musters strength to drive 3 hours to his uni, stay there all day and come back. And somehow he passes everything.

Please, please, please. If anyone has a gun, please off me. You'd be saving my parents a disappointment that I'm becoming.

