I think I sexually assaulted my ex and I don’t want to go on anymoreI dated someone a few years ago and we had sex fairly regularly. When we would have sex i would always wear a condom and she took the pill. Usually when we would have sex we would fool around for a bit and then I would get up to put a condom on. One time when we were fooling around for whatever reason I looked at her and began to put it in, everything seemed fine so I continued (having sex without a condom) after a short bit of time I got up to put the condom on and we finished having sex as usual, everything seeming normal. I asked about it afterwards and she said she didn’t know I wasn’t wearing one. She was quiet after saying that, I asked if she was okay and she said she was having flashbacks. I knew I fucked up. I should have simply said something rather than assuming we were on the same page. This whole thing is pretty fuzzy in my memory now but we basically talked about it a little bit and went to sleep. Afterwards things were seemingly fine, I never did anything like that again and we dated for another several months.

After we broke up we stayed friends for about a half year though I eventually stopped talking to her (this largely had to do with me getting into another relationship and sort of just feeling weird with our post-relationship friendship, it felt right at the time). She also left the school we were both going to so I haven’t seen her at all since.

I always acknowledged what I did as a fuck up as a result of me being stupid and thinking we were on the same page, but for the last year or so it has been something that’s eaten at me. I keep going over it in my head and feel that it was a deep crossing of boundaries without proper communication, that it was assault. I should have just said something in the moment. I have aspergers and can have really stupid moments regarding communication but that is no excuse.

I don’t know how she feels about what happened today or if she’s okay. It feels wrong to reach out now, or that it would really just be me seeking some sort of validation that I’m not as bad as I think I am. I really am struggling with this though, I don’t want to go on with the fact that I did this. Even if things seemed normal between us afterwards it very clearly upset her at the time and that alone fucks me up. I don’t feel like going on as someone who did this, it was essentially stealthing. I think about it and I want to hurt myself and not be alive anymore