Suicide used to feel like a distant possibilitylike something that I would never do, just thoughts to help soothe me. and well, the desire to die of course. but now it’s different; everyday it becomes more and more likely. it feels like i’m living with a countdown to the day i can finally do it. even if i could afford to go back to treatment and get help, there’s nothing to look forward to. i want to get a job, i really truly do but i can hardly go to the grocery store without panicking and itching to get home. and even if i could get one, it’d be minimum wage and still impossible to afford a place of my own. no one wants to be around me, because all i can ever talk about is wanting to die or how shitty i feel. i don’t want to bring others down. i know my sister would be sad if i died, but that’s life. people die, you get sad, you move on. i haven’t been able to move on my from sadness, and i don’t think i ever will. if i at least saw a point in staying alive to see what happens or even just had any hope of being okay, i might stick around. but i don’t see a point and i’ve run out of hope. i’m only 18, but right now my choices are get a job (which i can’t do) and save up, or go to college which i also can’t do because my gpa junior year was about 0.2. seriously. i didn’t go to school. my anxiety has become agoraphobia, and i’m a teenage alcoholic with no will to live. 
it’s still not something i’ve committed to 100%, because i’m so pathetic and scared, but if i do...
my plan would be to sell a bunch of shit so i can afford a plane ticket to cali, where my good friend who is a junkie is currently residing. he’s about to get kicked out of treatment and will be homeless, so i could go spend my last few days with him. he’s always wanted me to shoot H with him, which i would have never done. but i could do all the drugs i said id never try, say good to my friend and give myself a hot shot. sounds like the most pleasant way i could possibly go. one last high with a person i love, and maybe, just maybe, seeing me die would be enough for him to get clean? not likely, but one can hope i suppose.