Give me attention because I want to kill myselfWhat do you do when you don't believe in the intrinsic value of human life. Why don't people that want to kill themselves just do it and give more space to people that truly want to live? I don't want this life I never asked for it. Why can't I just end my life without hurting my family. Fortunately I have no wife or kids. But how self important would I need to feel to off myself and destroy my family... I couldn't do that. But why not? Why can't I do what I want. Ive always been a little sniveling avoidant pos. I cycle between sadness and anger and apathy. And I am absolutely useless. And I am such a pathetic creature as to know the extent of my shortcomings and still complain about it. 

I was born into an upper middle class family, I'm attractive, and smart. With all the privilege in the world, I'm still miserable and useless. 26 years old I was so close to graduating from undergrad and going to med school. Clinical hours done. Worked in an emergency department. Saw so much death. Didn't bother me. But the suffering, that did. The patients. The doctors. The nurses. They tried so hard but for so many they had only fleeting moments where things seemed, at best, OK. 

I have no job. No money. A girlfriend who just broke up with me for I don't even know. 2 years wasted with someone who has all the hallmarks of being cluster B. My only stability in my life and she turned out to be a monster. Ah well, so she goes. If I had access to some nitrogen gas I would end it all right now. I've heard it's such a wonderful way to go. And the great thing about being dead is you no longer have experiences. No sadness, anger, or regret. A tiny fraction of humans will ever scratch the surface of what life has to offer. Some are born as lucky takers and some will be fodder. I want to be neither. 

This life is bullshit. Most people know it but they are so terrified to think about it. I am supposedly in the prime of my life but I hate it. I have had suicidal ideation since I was 14. How the fuck is that supposed to get better as my life goes on? My body will only decay with time. Support only dwindles. When I am 50 years old nobody will give a fuck. And why should they? They have their own problems. What do you do when you realize that you were unfortunately born fundamentally broken? 

Also I wrote this because I want to talk to people. Some people get off on trying to make others feel better. About 6 years ago I frequented this subreddit to make others feel better. Helped quite a few folks feel better and it made me feel better. I knew what it was like to feel worthless. But here I am now, a sad pathetic creature. 

I dunno just say hi or something. Talk to me about your day. Tell me I'm an idiot or how much you understand but I should do this and this I'll feel better. Get aggressive. Be compassionate. Tell me to go get fucked. Have fun.