Having life struggles and need some adviceHello everyone,



I am new to Reddit. My girlfriend recommended that I post my story here, I hope someone here can help me with my troubles.




Basically, I've had bad anxiety and depression issues since I was very young. My father (who I was very attached to when I was young) split up with my mother when I was five years old. I was a upset little boy for a long time after this. I feel like this has affected me all my life.




My father came back into my life about a year later he had found another woman. She had three kids from a previous marriage. Her and my father had two children. 




Her and my father were together for roughly 13 years. Her kids caused major problems and she was a horrible woman with alcohol problems. She would get drunk and abusive towards my father. Their relationship ended falling the collapse of my fathers business (she was very money hungry taking overseas trips at company expense etc).




Meanwhile, my mother was on welfare. She has done very well though. She got her degree and saved enough money to buy a nice house and provide us kids with good lives. 




About five years ago, my father got me to sign a trust deed that assigned me as trustee of his family trust. I've have always trusted my dad. He told me that it would all be fine. Being the nieve teenager I was, I signed the document. My father then got committed of serious fraud and got sentenced to 6 years in prison a year ago.




He had set up a bunch of dodgey business deals and left everything up in the air. I had to fix everything up with no support. I had to move the furniture out of his house, find tenants and pay a mortgage at the age of 21. At the same time, I'm doing a bachelors degree at university full time




One year has passed and thankfully, I have had someone take over the trust. I am currently having some stress and anxiety related issues over university assignments. I am studying business and I am in my last year. 




I have never failed anything at uni, though, I am begining to feel extremely pressured for time. I sat through my fathers trial and sentencing. I watched him get into trouble for making mistakes. I feel as if I will to be in trouble if I fail. This makes me incredibly upset. 




Just to be clear, I have no intention of getting involved with business after I finish my degree. I hope to do something that pertains more to my interests such as automotive engineering. 


I feel really depressed and have thoughts about killing myself. I feel like I've put myself in too much debt with university study. All this pressure has made me feel suicidal. I have problems with my stomach when I get like this. I also spend a lot of time crying. I do not like feeling alone What should I do?

Edit: although I finished an assignment today, I've been getting the worst stomach pains, feeling anxious and have no control over myself :(
