Lost my job (and only source of money) with a freenlancing website because of a misunderstanding and my thoughts of suicide is slowly creeping back.I dont want to feel like this again, but I am once again having suicidal tendencies because of a recent development. 

My account was banned from Upwork because I asked my mother, who is a client, to hire me, a freelancer, through their platform for a job she wanted me to do for her bakeshop. Even if the website was getting a cut from the payment, I figured it’s worth it to get a better job success score. 

I did my research and read from their official forums a post written by a community moderator that it was legal. 

A few days later, my account was automatically banned and I needed to write to them to find out why. When I did I sent them proof of their moderator saying it was allowed. I tried to explain everything and that it was genuinely an honest mistake. I received no compassion, and now they said I have exhausted the appeal process and that they will take no further action. 

I am from the Philippines which was recently hit by 2 consecutive typhoons, one of which was the strongest in the world this 2020, so Upwork made an announcement for their clients through their website to show compassion with their hired freelancers from our country because it will take tine for us to recover. It’s funny that they say that, but then not show any compassion to myself even though they know that they are my only means of keeping myself alive through this pandemic and recent typhoons. 

I lost my job due to quarantine. And now I lost my only other source of money. 

I will run out of money and I will not be able to cope. My significant other will break up with me soon (we are both closeted and both our parents are religious close minded people), I have nothing to look forward to.

What is the point of prolinging these hardships? Sorry this is long and probably means nothing to anyone who reads this. I dont even know why I wrote this. To anyone who read up to this point, Im sorry I wasted your time with this.