oh, hello there fellow biological computerYes, I am talking to that brain of yours that processed the meaning of this very sentence.

Have you ever felt when holding something that the pressure in your palm and fingers was artificial, as if the leather coating your nerves was nothing more than a tissue of cell?

Maybe it is, that pressure could be felt by any other organism linked to your nerve. At what point can you believe you are more than a biological computer processing information? Aren't animals all like that? Just soul-less biological machines waiting to spread their genes. Maybe not your pet of course..

But most of us don't mindlessly care about only reproducing, we have collective or personal goal. Kinda like a worker ant will never have offspring and still work for the colony until it dies. And yet we are special and not those ants. We are more than just a bunch of clumped up cells right?

Where does this pride come from? Was it essential for our survival? Is it inherently a part of us the same way touching something is? It just feel so artificial to exist, but somewhere in our brain there is a part made to convince us that "It" is more, that this "It" has a meaning and that we should continue to exist because, well, because apparently do.


Since no one will have read to this point;
I wish I could comprehend more than what I can with this monkey brain.

I wish I could find a reason to live that is tangible, more than a dream or a hope, something more real than what I could mentally process.

I wish I wouldn't cry myself to sleep every night because of that nihilistic pessimism killing any reason to live my monkey brain could come up with.

And I really wish my second of existence, of consciousness; that is nothing on the universe scale, that will be erased in the blink of eye, that will be long forgotten in this seemingly eternal reality of physics, would have never happened.

I want to kill myself for so long now, I am so close to it, it's almost done. 

I hope, if by any chance you are still reading this, that you forget being yourself, being conscious, being self aware. It would be a blessing

