What Now?I’m not sure how to go about it. I don’t want to make my sister and brother sad, but I can’t do it anymore. They won't understand when I do it. They don’t know what it’s like to feel this way. I have no money. I’m struggling so bad I don’t even have food to eat. I have $9.21 in my account until Friday, then I will have to pay bills and have no money again. What kind of life is this? Living pay check to pay check. I work 40 hrs. a week and go to school full time. I’m exhausted. Even so, I have been looking for another job but I can’t find anything that will allow me to work around the other 2.     

I hate myself. I have no friends, none. I could die and no one would come to my funeral except my siblings. Our mom died 2 years ago and I really miss her. She’s was the only one who ever believed in me, loved me deeply, and supported me. She was my best friend. She never said but I think she knew. The way she would always point things out “Isn’t that sweet” referring to a lesbian couple shopping together. I always rolled my eyes and never saw what she was getting at. I didn’t know until a few months ago. I finally realized she was telling me it was ok. I’m still confused and I don’t know what to do. My family is homophobic and would never understand. I know they love me but they would never understand. I didn’t really believe in a god, but I thought, maybe if I was really good in my life there was a way I could see her again. So, I got super religious and turned to the lord. I didn’t feel like I was living my truth and stopped, religion is just not for me. I’ve been trying to hold on even after. My whole life has been me just hanging in there, waiting for it to get better. It hasn’t. I try for my mom because I know she would be proud of how far I have come, but I can’t. 

Sorry for the poorly writing story I’m fighting back tears. I really don’t know what to do. I’m depressed and I can’t take the struggle anymore. My siblings have given me a lot already and I don’t want to ask for more. What now?  
