I thought about it and now it feels commanded by God almostMy life is mine to do what I want with.

I've tried self-improvement half-assedly and it still all means nothing. All the purpose in the world means nothing,  I'm kinda sorry to my friends, and the other dudes in my band for suddenly leaving them, they deserve better, but at the same time they could have never met me if I died years ago, so just be grateful for the time you got to spend.

I realize that this is going to hurt sooo maaannnnyyy people. Like a lot. I know that pretty much everyone that knows me likes me, except for a select few I suppose. None of that means anything.

I'm mostly tired of this wage-slave race. I quit my job 3 years ago instead of killing myself then, and basically considered as long as my money lasts my "retirement" - that time where you do what you want before you die.

The thing is I just felt like I had this amazing epiphany last night after band practice, and thought I was lying about suicide. I started believing in God and spirituality and coincidences. We had a producer come last night and mentioned the engineer of his studio killed himself. Said something about, "the last the he ever did," - which is exactly what I was considering this new album we're recording right now. And today I realized in the end it does not matter. All of that is a distraction. If I was the kind of person that could live working for some company all day, just to live for a little bit at the end of each day and on the weekends and allocated vacation time, then sure, I'd crush it at life. But I just don't want to. I do not give a fuck how entitled/spoiled/bratty that sounds. 

I have a shit ton of abilities and plenty of support and people that would absolutely be willing to help. I just don't want it. A little about myself, I'm a musician, playing sitar - gigging every once in a while, play trumpet and keyboard (yes at the same time) for a great band full of awesome loving dudes that totally don't deserve this (started fighting back tears there), I'm decently talented at drawing &amp; painting, accomplished some unique things with woodworking (google my first and last name with "playboy" and you might find out what I used to do), have an excellent support community as a part of AA, a counselor that's been great to talk to, a handful of females willing to fuck me that I could probably talk to, also I worked as a civil engineer for 7 years lol almost forgot about that. I enjoyed teaching music lessons in the past and I even currently have more than one prospective music teaching jobs that I am just not interested in.  There is SO MUCH that I can do, I'm a very capable and smart person, anyone that meets me, will eventually tell me - I'm not sure if I "act smart" so that they notice or if it really is true, but more than likely I've gotten good at dropping hints so people "know who I am" to satisfy my ever inflated ego.

Just for the people who are like, "Its so sad because he had SO MUCH potential," does that mean if you have no potential in life you are more allowed to commit suicide? cuz that's a fucked up thing to say about the talentless dumb folk with no potential. Those same people are like, "oh well that dumbass didn't have much to contribute, good riddens" LOL

It's only sad because last night I felt like, "oh i got this." And sure I probably could. I just don't want to and realize that it is okay if I die. Morality has nothing to do with it. I'm not doing this to hurt anyone, even though there's going to be serious collateral damage, but that truly is not my intention. I just don't want this experience anymore. The world just isn't good enough for me to stick around. Even though there is so much I'm still curious about. Better Call Saul just came out again, and other media things, but whatever, those are just on the list of distractions. Things I had been curious about are what I can accomplish with my abilities, but I just don't care anymore, and I don't want to completely reduce my time to accomplish things to less than nothing because of the need to work to live.

Maybe if I was born in a better society, I'll take life, sure. One that cares less about controlling the masses and more about trying to empower them, one where the people in power give a shit about the world you're leaving your children instead of making rich corporations richer - it's only getting worse, one that is less racist, bigoted, where trump doesn't have supporters or any actual power at all. But that's not the world. Y'all don't deserve me frankly. 

Honestly if you're a trump supporter, you should fucking die, the world would be a better place. Everyone would get over y'all quickly. IF YOU WANT TO HONOR ME SOMEHOW, FUCKING PUNCH every trump supporter you know as hard as you fucking can, right in the face, or in the dick, or in the arm, or fucking charliehorse 'em in the leg, cuz those fuckers seriously have fucked up morals and are okay with WORLD LEADERS BEING BLATANTLY RACIST. And this is coming from someone that can justify suicide. Seriously, the people that are currently, (if you used to be and since have changed your mind congratulations you're growing) Trump supporters that think 'this is greatest country in the world" are the reason that statement is so far from being fucking true.  Didn't mean to get political, it's more about the kind of things that you are able to overlook that determine what kind of person you are. This is the people the rest of you guys are choosing to stick around for. 

It's about acceptance. Something you have to pray for in AA. I can now accept there's a few options in life:

1. Work some job, live and try to have as much fun as possible/help people/don't help people. Whatever.
2. Don't work. Be poor and homeless, maybe living off welfare, in shelters. Pssht, nah.
3. Die somehow. By yourself. Shoot up a public place and then off yourself. Or peacefully with whatever options you have. Acceptable.

I suppose the people that will soon miss me will have to pray for acceptance of this "sad" death, which they will say could have been prevented. But I don't want help. This suicide has been inevitable

I'll tell ya, if getting guns was easy, this woulda been over with, but then y'all might not have gotten this juicy letter. So I've always been torn on the gun control issue lol like I want them to be easy to obtain so I can kill myself, but I don't want crazy people (me) to have them. Anyways I'm hanging myself from the highest ceiling in this house. After I consume this nice bottle of whiskey with money from a check I forged from my parents and maybe having some of this chinese food as my last meal. I don't know why I'm leaving this. I was just a little bored I guess while waiting for New Friendly Kitchen to cook my lunch special and GreeKrave to finish my gyro and spinich pie and dumplings - I just got back btw, GreeKrave forgot to make the spinach pie and dumplings lol imagine they see the news of me and are like, "oh shit I can't believe we messed that order up he killed himself because of it" LOL

I'm glad I can be in a cheerful mood during this. Suicide does not have to be sad.

Anyone looking for advice on how to accomplish suicide, it helps to do a few things that would be too shameful to come back from. Like stealing $200 from your mom for your last drinks and meals. Or going ahead and drilling through the ceiling to hang a noose - after of course correctly calculating the load bearing and heights/distances. This pork gyro, boneless spare rib and general tso's are amazing btw. Might not get to the egg roll lol ugh. Should be a great fucking advertisement for these businesses that they were unknowingly chosen as a last meal for some dude.

Good lord I am stuffed. I am content. I really feel as if I have lived a full life and experienced most of what there is to experience - travel, friendship, career accomplishments, pride in my art, wonderful loving relationships - as long as they lasted, and so many different crafts and facets of what life has to offer. This is enough for me.

This is it. I'm posting this as soon as I climb up this ladder. 

If anyone is curious later about this, check my instagram and see what folks are tagging me in lol, might be a nice drama for y'all. If you can't figure out what my account is then you really probably should kill yourself lol Don't worry about trying to "talk me out of it" I'm already gone but feel free to talk amongst yaselves. Maybe I just want to imagine you're talking about me.