I’m feeling scared. I think I’m getting too close to doing something stupid.I’m scared. I have been struggling so much this past year. I’ve been feeling myself getting closer to suicide every time I get into a slump. I found rope in the garage a couple months ago. And tonight I finally brought inside Incase I wanted to go through with anything. I’m in so much mental pain right now I don’t know how to feel better. 
I graduated college and things were looking up. I was with my girlfriend of 16 year. We’re both 29. We had been together since we were kids. She left me and said, “At least now I don’t have to pretend to love you anymore.” She took everything with her. But left me a fucking TV. 
I have yet to get into the career I chose to be trained in. So I feel like such a failure. And now all I can think is, “this is why she left me. And she was right.”
My friends don’t talk to me anymore or have moved away. 
I’ve seen so many people die. And can tell it must have messed with me. Even my therapist was surprised. According with her violence has just been normalized to me.
After months of therapy, I realized I was in an abusive relationship. Some of the emotional abuse was me. Name calling when I was upset. She would be physically and emotionally abusive. She Broke my fingers, gave me black eyes, threw objects at me. And belittled how long it took me to become a good student. 
I have been chronically sick most of my life. Cluster headaches and migraines. And now it looks like there’s something wrong with my liver. 
I want things to get better. I’ve tried improving myself. I’ve lost around 70 pounds since a year ago. I’ve tried making new friends. I’ve tried dating apps. I’ve been learning music theory and piano. Everything seems so hopeless. I’m feeling so lonely. I have reached out to some people. But it seems like they don’t want to deal with me. 
I don’t know what’s wrong with me. Am I unlovable. Is this something I deserve. I feel like I might deserve this for not being a good enough partner to my ex. 
I need help. I’m really sorry for such a long ramble.