No other solutions, I am preparing to end my life.I am male, 18. **TL;DR: Hate myself, I am evil, going to end my life, no other solution**

I wish to end my life because I will never: have any good relationships (friends and significant others) or kids or a good job or pride or confidence or achieve any of my dreams. This is due to me being a bad/shit person.

Yes, I have some things in life I look forward to, but it's not enough to keep me going.

Yes, I have talked to a therapist until I could no longer afford it. She was helpful, but only a tiny bit at a time, I would be 40 before it had any impact. (About 4 sessions)

I've done a lot of exploring of my childhood, thoughts. I've learned a lot. I know that this other voice in my head was created to protect me from abuse. Like it's better to slap myself than for someone else to slap me. So instead of others telling me I am bad, I will tell myself that instead, I understand this.

But at the same time, I feel so hopeless, I can't change anything! Everything I try fails. Usually makes it worse too. I'm so ashamed of myself. I can't differentiate my paranoia from my reality. In my mind, every day is everyone else backstabbing, plotting against me, judging me, about everything, every second, I hyperventilate and go crazy until I can't think anymore and I've dissociated so much. Every day at work feels like a week, only to go home, torture myself and return. 

My brain is such a fucking asshole. It hurts me so much. I burn myself, drink, purposely destroy friendships. I imagine me taking people I love, and hurting them, torturing them and burning them alive and it makes me feel so bad. 

I am convinced that I am an evil sociopath and any good thing about me is something I made to trick others and I don't have any real empathy. I am just a monster that needs to be kept away from people. I will never be confident, smart, generous, anything that is a quality others desire. I am so fucking stupid. It's been half a decade of constant ZERO friends, I mean nothing, not even little facebook conversations, absolutely nothing. I spend every night alone, every weekend. I feel like I am in solitary confinement.

"Work to make things better" My brain doesn't want to, I just enjoy feeling terrible. Literally every single fucking day, my brain is racing, going crazy, I am so miserable. 

God man. This isn't the first time I've made a post like this. Comments from kind people are nice but it is never anything that can help. Because nothing can help if I don't try, and I won't try, ever. Proves I am shit. Even then, I am weird, creepy, dumb, 0 confidence, so I still could achieve nothing.

I pretty much already don't exist in the eyes of the world. I'll tell you right now that I do really want to live and be happy, but that is nothing I can achieve anyways. The only desire I have is to hurt myself. I am so angry at the garbage I am, last time I burned myself and it hurt for hours after, a huge untreated painful 2nd degree burn still remains. All I want to do is light myself on fucking fire.

God damn. I am such a fucking piece of trash. Horrible disgusting waste, evil shit, I am going to go and commit murder and the victim will be me. I am going to clean up my house, throw out most of my belongings. Then one night fill up a tank of gas, drive to the creek, when it is dark I will strip down like the day I was born. Pour gas all over my whole body making sure to get every inch of my hideous fucking face. Finally, light myself on fire and burn alive and it is only 0.0001% of pain I deserve. I can do it. I could pour boiling water straight off the burner onto myself, I can light a match, after that the flames do the work.

I don't want to die. I just wish I could be ANYONE but me, give me a lobotomy, amnesia, anything to fucking kill me and start again. Fuck. I am so angry, I am done, I have looked for solutions for years! I can't go through another year of work and school, alone every minute of my spare time, I will fail school and be fired from work, only making things worse. I can't do it. I need to stop fantasizing. I already cleaned up my belongings. Now to buy a bigger gas tank and decide on a day. 