Music isn't working anymore.I don't know why I'm posting this. I guess it's one of those cry for help things. Don't worry, though. I'm fairly sure I'm too much of a coward to actually do anything to end this shit. I don't know. All I know is I've wanted to die for close to 7 years.

I used to be able to just put on headphones, turn up the volume and stop my head from spinning. Like if the music's loud enough it can beat the thoughts back long enough to get me through the night. It's not working anymore and I don't know what to do about it. I read the link on the sidebar about pain versus coping resources and mine aren't working anymore.

I guess I should explain my "reasons" for wanting to die, right? I haven't talked to anyone about much of this because I'm an introverted person and firmly believe that if I can't deal with my own problems, I'm just not good enough. Which, I guess, details a couple of my problems. Most pressing, I think, is that I absolutely hate who I am. I hate me. It's not a self-esteem issue, I've inspected myself over and over from every angle, done everything I can to find something to compliment, but I just can't. There's nothing there. I pretend to be significantly smarter than I am, to the point of making up bullshit that I'd like to be good at and telling people I am. Which in and of itself is pathetic, isn't it?

I'm also apparently completely incapable of talking to anyone about my problems. Part of it stems from the belief that I'm simply not important enough for my problems to matter, part of it is thinking my problems aren't bad enough to warrant needing help, that I'm just too weak to deal with shit everyone else has no problem getting past.

I'm probably Paranoid Schizophrenic, or whatever they're calling it these days. Since I was around 15, about when all of this shit started, I've been hearing sounds that I can't find a source to, seeing shadows shifting at the corner of my eye, I constantly feel like someone's watching me, like everyone I talk to has some agenda against me that I just can't figure out, like there's someone waiting around every corner to hurt me. I feel like everyone's just waiting for me to slip up and give them an excuse to hurt me. But then, this isn't confirmed by a professional, so it's just self diagnosed bullshit.

I've never done anything well. Ever. I'm completely unathletic, can't draw, suck at chess, my poetry sucks, I've never been able to finish anything I've started, I can't hold a job, can't even GET one because I've fucked up my chance at going to college and quit my first couple of jobs within a few months after starting. I'm a terrible friend. Oh, I've recently been told I'm terrible at communication. I apparently turn everything into a debate instead of the offering other points of view like I thought I was.

Cliche as it is, my father was an alcoholic who cheated on my mother and beat us. Best thing he ever did for us was get arrested for murder.

Oh, speaking of parents, I haven't spoken to my mother in months. Any of my friends, honestly. I moved almost a thousand miles away from everyone I knew to be with a woman who pretty much hates me and is constantly angry, and now I can't afford to get out of the situation because again, no job.
I'm completely unmotivated, lazy, useless, and an asshole. The sad part of it is that I could probably get away with it if I were better looking.
The first and only person I've ever told about these feelings got pissed at me for being selfish enough to want to die. I personally think it's bullshit that anyone would be sad about me going, but on the off-chance someone would care, I feel guilty and pretty damn shitty for considering it, but here I am.
I don't know why I'm even bothering with this, honestly. If anyone's even read this far, I'm sorry you dredged through this drivel. It probably helped to type this shit out, I guess.