I dont need to think of a creative title for this.  I am hurting.I've had a diagnosis of severe depression and possible bipolar disorder since about 8th grade.  At the middle of 11th grade, I lost nearly 40 pounds due to an eating disorder.  I am now a month away from completing my freshman year and am struggling with all of these things.

I've had my ups and downs, but mainly I've been having a blast in college.  I don't know why, but over time, shit started to eat away at me, and the past week has been miserable.

I hate myself.  I obviously have extremely fucked up views on myself (body, mind, and soul) which is why my eating disorder thrived.  I have been on so many different medications over the years to try to help me cope including Zoloft, Effexor, Welbutrin, Depakote, and Lithium.  I was doing the best for the three years I was on lithium 900 mg and effexor and welbutrin at the same time, but I had to quit taking lithium because it messed up my thyroid.

I have now been on a low dose of prozac for awhile.  I have gotten to the point where I know I don't want to make it past college.  I really don't.  I've honestly just lost myself.  I want to self destruct.  I feel bad for everybody whose lives I have come into because I have such a charming and charismatic personality.  I'm not shy and I am outgoing and kind to everyone, so I have made many friends in college.  I feel bad that they have had to meet me, because I am just going to self destruct and eventually off myself.

I feel the most pain for my mom.  I love my mom so much and I am so sorry she had to end up with me, it wasn't her fault.  My mom and dad spent their whole lives saving money and raising me and my older brother right so we could live good lives and have kids and carry on the family name.  But, my brother is gay and going to get judged by society and what about their daughter?  She's not going to make it past college.  The least I could do to thank my parents is try my hand at life, but I have been for years and it hasn't gone so well so far.

I don't want to die, but I do.  I guess this isn't an immediate thing, it's more of a I don't want to make it past college kind of thing.