I am always on the vergeI’m scared to even admit that I am feeling incredibly depressed again. I keep a journal but I’m too scared to even write in there that I feel like killing myself.

I feel like I am getting through each day by telling myself that at least suicide is always an option. Like every day I just say “well if it gets any worse I’ll just kill myself” 

I have anxiety or something. I’ve never been diagnosed because I’m too anxious to call the doctors to arrange an appointment and I’m too scared to take time off work. It’s been with me for my entire life, even in school. Some months and years are worse than others. I find that if I can dumb myself down and settle into a boring routine I can be relatively ok for a while and not have these feelings. 

I messed up by taking a promotion at work. I now have a few more responsibilities and I spend 99% of my time at home absolutely terrified that I’ve done something wrong. I re-play things over and over in my head until I convince myself I did them wrong. A lot of my responsibilities in work now involve outside clients so if I did something wrong there could potentially be big problems caused for the company. This has really kicked my anxiety and depression into overdrive. I am so exhausted from constantly worrying. I can’t sleep or eat because I’m so terrified all the time.

I genuinely feel like the only way out is to end it all. Like I’m worried about something specific at the moment: I may have sent something to the wrong client. Now at the time when I did it I wasn’t worried at all, I just did it and didn’t think about it. But because i came home and my brain started playing the day over and over for me I realised I didn’t remember double checking it, so all weekend I’ve been in a state of worry and just complete emptiness because I’ve convinced myself I did it wrong. This isn’t unusual. Every day when I come home I worry about something I did or didn’t do. 

I can’t carry on like this. I can’t tell my employer because I don’t have an official diagnosis and when I told them previously the managing director was extremely angry with me and didn’t believe me, he said I just wasn’t trying and i had given up and he wanted to fire me but gave me another chance. I feel like I don’t have a leg to stand on because I don’t have any sort of diagnosis because I am too scared to go to a doctor. 

Every day I just think about the worst things that could happen and I decide that if it does happen I’ll kill myself and that sort of gets me through. I’m so worried that the worst thing is going to happen one day and I will snap and I’ll kill myself and everyone will be so sad. I can’t see another way out of this. It’s such a horrible tiring cycle. 

People just tell me to stop worrying because I won’t make mistakes because I’m so smart etc but that just makes me feel worse because when I do inevitably make a mistake they’ll all be so disappointed. And I literally cannot stop worrying. I can feel the thoughts going round and round in my head like it’s stuck on a loop. I know my boyfriend gets frustrated and angry with me because all I do is cry and shut myself away, he doesn’t understand why I worry about things. I just wish my brain could be normal and I could stop overthinking and thinking the worst will happen. Normal people don’t think about killing themselves every day. 

I’m sorry for sending you this email. I know it’s long and I don’t expect anyone to read it all. I know I’m being ridiculous and I’m the grand scheme of things none of this matters. I just wish I could have a normal brain. I’m so scared for tomorrow because I have to go to work and I’ll possibly find out about all the things I’ve done wrong. I don’t know what will happen. I could lose my job and then I will be destroyed because I’d be so anxious about a new job if I could even find one and I wouldn’t have any money. We were meant to be buying a house next year but that will all go out of the window too. I feel like I can’t talk to anyone because I don’t want to worry them, I can’t tell my employer because of what happened last time, I can’t tell my dad because he’ll be too worried for me and my boyfriend means well but can’t understand because he never worries about anything and hasn’t ever been depressed before.

I know this is too long for anyone to bother with. I just needed to type all of this out. Please don’t be nasty to me or impatient I will cry as usual, just ignore me if you don’t want this to be here and I’ll delete it.