So tired of being treated like garbage by everyone around meSo i lost another job, this one barely lasted more than a week.

Only 2 other employees at this pawn shop and one was an old woman in her 60s, who would constantly belittle me for asking a question she deemed "stupid", or for making any kind of mistake.

Just a few of the things shes said to me over the course of the week.

"if you were a woman you would have been raped by now"
"i don't understand how you graduated high school"
"your parents didn't raise you right"
"how can you be this stupid"

On a daily basis i heard these statements just for asking about a tool that i didn't know the name of, or misplacing a mop, broom. not being able to find the toilet paper? yeah.

In the last two days i worked there the woman screamed at me while i was trying to help a customer by showing them an item, and violently smacked the counter when i wouldn't acknowledge her yelling for absolutely no reason.

On the last day i managed to make a mistake on the advertising sign in the front of the building and instead of just telling me the mistake so i could correct it she felt the need to rip the letters off the sign and throw them on the ground so i would have to pick them up, then she yelled that  she had no idea how i graduated high school. She wasn't even scheduled to work today, she came in specifically to be an asshole to ME, and then went home after.

Once i got home my dads only response was, yet again, "youre going to have a hard life if you keep doing this".

He's never once supported me in anything, and any talk about what I'm going through leads him on a tangent about HIMSELF. He makes everything about him and never once has tried to defend me for not wanting to be treated like this at EVERY job i seem to get.

The same thing happened in grade school, everyone hated me and treated me like garbage, then i would go home to an emotionless asshole who only cared about himself. I'm not going to have a hard life. my life ended before it began.



i quit after that bitch did that, and I'm about ready to just drive into oncoming traffic.
