Do I need to kill myself?I am a Chinese. When I was 17, I wanted to be doctor, specialising in neurology, since my beloved grandma died by Alzheimer's disease. However, I can not continue to pursue medical career when I was in second year of my college due to financial and major reasons. So, I have applied for master degree in a major closed to computer science, since I was good at mathematic. However, I have an extension of my master graduation because my failed thesis. The reason why my thesis was failed was that I was dealing with house problems and my girlfriend's money issues with other people. and my pride not allowed me to extent my thesis deadline. So, basically, still my fail. The fail of my thesis was one of my nightmare in my life during that time. This failure totally ended my academic potential career. I can not apply for Phd position with such result. Then I listened into my girlfriend's advice to find a job at first. I actually found a job which other people would see as a good one. However, after working for a while, I found such works were just wasting time, no meaningful contribution, and corporations with people good at sucking boss's dick, which made the exception of this job be 100% following boss mind without any professional skills.
I hate that. I want to quit my job and apply for another master to have a new beginning. However, I am going to 30 and further study would cost a lot on my family. I can not guarantee that a further study would totally change my life, probably worse again. I also can break up with my girlfriend and go back home to look for a low payment job, buy a house with my savings. However, I don't the difference between me getting rest of my life in that life and a walking dead.
So, basically, I am in struggling now. Every morning, I want to put a gun in my mouth and try to kill myself. Every night, I sleep with alcohol. Every weekend, I would use tinder to cheat with other girls to get a release. I know my life is immoral and I hate that. But, I can not find other way to drive away the pressure from myself and my horrible thoughts. Sometimes, I would want to use an AK47 to kill as many people as I can to release my suffers. I know that mind is evil. But I don't know how long I can suppress the demon inside me.
Currently, I have to say that I am in suffering. I don't see more failure in my life. I don't see my life without my love and living in meaningless. I don't want to do any harmful and regretful things. I don't know how to deal with my life. I can only thinks of suicide. I want to go travel the Thailand and Italy to say goodbye to my best mates, and I kill myself in the end. To end up all my suffers. Am I wrong？