I don’t know what to doI dated a girl I was very much in love with, and after three months she was pregnant, the. For nine months we were so happy, then when our daughter was born she stopped being kind to me. Then her family started doing small things to bother me and make me want to go; then they did big things, like wake our daughter up 4 hours earlier than she liked to: just because I worked until midnight and was the only one who could watch her in the mornings.
Then I started hearing her family say made up stories about me from my girlfriend. I decided I couldn’t deal with them so I asked my girlfriend if we could look for apartment and move out. We did that and when we finished she said she wasn’t ready. Then she started treating me like shit and saying I was a bad parent no matter how good I did. Everyone I know was telling me I’m good and doing a good job; but the first person I loved was making me feel bad about myself. This went on for months, so then I started staying with my parents.
She drew me back in; saying she’d change, but it just stayed the same. We fully broke up the next time I tried living with my dad and driving over in the morning to pick up my daughter. This time she tried even harder to pull me in: and I gave in and when I did; she started acting like I didn’t exist. My texts would go unanswered for days, whenever I spent time with her and the baby, at most two times a week with our work schedule, she started the day mad, and would always do something super rude. I loved away a last time and we broke things off pretty amicably this time. But she still does things to make me feel bad: I tried talking to her and she said I’m making everything up about what her family did; and that I act like everything is someone else’s fault.
I know I’m not perfect, I admitted my mistakes and worked on them; but she was never willing to do the same: and her and her parents are a part of my life forever.
Today is the last morning I get to spend with my daughter: she’s too mature and Independent, spending time with her just makes me sad. She’s going to start attending full day daycare, and being picked up by her mom like she has been before. I called out sick for my last two days of work, I just called out the rest of the week. My bank accounts at zero because of stress eating and my ex being an expensive person to be with. I feel like my life was over. If we never had a baby I could move on and hope my next relationship is better; but nobody wants to date a 20 year old with a baby: a medium paying job with horrible hours, who’s last relationship ended like this. 
I just want to die and I know I have the confidence to do it which is what scares me. I just think my life is over. I still have so many people that love me, but my daughter I never see won’t be one and my first ever girlfriend who I loved and tried for more than anything and I never got anything back from won’t be one. And to make things worse before we dated she was a huge whore, and she’s going back out partying when she should be with our daughter, and I can’t stop myself from going online and seeing it everywhere. I just don’t want to be alive.