Music and Memories
Skip to the very bottom if you dont want story. 


Okay so I'm new to reddit but know a bit. 
On the younger side but wont disclose that yet.
Background: 

I'm in HS in America 

I move around about every 2 years

I'm black ( prob not necessary  )

Simple.
Let's move on.
Okay so I found out pretty much around 5th grade or 
around 10 years old that I've had suicidal thoughts and depression.  Back then I was a pretty decent kid, I got  a few A's and B' and a few C's  and in jr high. 

Anyway, I was always the smart kid or kinda on that side it wasnt clear by looks but I knew a well amount then and still do but it isnt as noticable. (Sorry for skipping), I remember clearly when I was in the kitchen doing math and I was like "okay I legit hate my friends I'm not happy and why do I have to do this math if it's not going to help me later in a job" somewhere close to that and there I was crying (yes just started out of knowwhere) thinking and saying to myself that I'm going to jump off my roof or my back porch  and land head first. 

Yeah kinda rough, that's all that was filling my mind then DO IT, DO IT. I dont remember but I did regain myself later that day but it just stuck in my head since.( It's about 5 am and I havent slept the past two days, been up since 5 am Friday and now its sunday.)

Fast forward to around jr high, about 7th grade. I had my first girlfriend! Well.. first legit one. (There was a story about me and this girl Katie when I was around 8 or 7 story was insane but for another topic.)  

I was really happy with her.  Until one day, I wanted to meet her parents and yadata all that  but she was trying to hint that her parents diddnt want her dating anyone. But then told the other side of the truth which was that her parents were racist.

 *disliked people of color/colour* so when that hit I was like OHHH NAH I AIN'T GETTING CRUCIFIED. But seriously I diddnt want to deal with that and having restrictions . I was planning on standing up to her parents but diddnt have the guts.

That diddnt happend and so I broke up with her due to me still having depression and suicidal thoughts. But here's the insite how that went 

Me- me

E- her 

*Dont remember everything but will try my best.*

Me- well you said your parents are racist

E- I never said it like that though 

Me- well its clear as day since we are kinda in the south too, and plus I have to SPEND MONEY to go see my girlfriend. What type of bull is that?

We-we need to talk this over phone

*call*- 

Me- I'm tired of all of this, I'm FUCKING TIRED. Everytime I want to see you its 20 bucks a week on fridays and that's it. And it's at a fucking gymnastics place. What the hell are we supposed to do there, and theres an age limit and I'm about to be ok very it.

E- okay calm down [name]  it's only one more year until I can date and everything will be fine I promise.

Me- well I'd you dont know i move every few years and dont know when I'll be moving. And like I said im pissed and tired of life just yanking at me just like this, I gotta deal with everyone's bull and it's not even on me, im humble as can be to people. I literally try to make people's day but it doesnt turn out like that. Nothing turns out the way I want it. ( then i ramble about suicide and depression)

*call ends with her saying sorry if it's on her but i shouldn't be putting it on her for this*
I understand but it wasnt me. That was saying all of the extra stuff. Thing keeping me sane was the music and memories.

Fast forward ( jr high still) and I'm finding out I'm moving across country and I have .. well.. to make it easier I'll just say I had two girlfriends at once and I did and they were sisters and fine with it but it's not going there lolok,

Anyway I really liked my girlfriend(s)  and had made a giant notepad for them of stuff that we were gonna do for the future I planned so much and spent so much time with them we were just like (cliche as it sounds) puzzle pieces  that easily fit. Everything was okay then I still had a few of my cutting sessions but no one can actually notice unless they looked hard. They were so good to me that they had a small 6 person pool party in the summer before I moved and I was happy as could be . We had so many memories that from that day. 
Just nothing made me completely happy and there was obviously something wrong with me them but one girlfriend was so real with me and that's what made me lose all hope, when I left to move she got a bf right away and that was that. The other one is over another boy but he's a horrible example  and person.

.skip Down below just for the main part not story



It's as if theres a shadow that is stuck following me at a slightly faster pace than me. So every few bits I have to run to make sure it doesnt get past. Thing is, if I keep the same pace with the 'shadow ' then it'll be nothing to worry about. I saw a post here talking about how it motivated one guy and I completely agree, it dis just that for a few things but I need it to be a bit more stronger at times hard to explain that I just said but it's like I lack that power sometimes. And it doesnt work how I want it

Sorry for any grammar errors, any if that stuff.

Edit :before I posted I did miss a bit of the story but it should cover most of it just fine :)





