I tried to kill myself twice and no one knows.   I have always had suicidal tendencies, but it got pretty bad a few years back. I was 15 at the time (I'm 17M now). To make thing short I'm not going to include some details. 
    Things were getting pretty bad (ya know, teen things), and I had made a "rope" (in hindsight it probably wasn't even strong enough to hold my weight), anyway I hung it on the tree in our backyard and when my parents asked about me about it I said I was trying to clime it, and they believed me. My plan was to go outside at night when everyone was asleep and hang myself, night after night i would almost do it, but there was always something (I fell asleep too early, I forget to wake up, it's too cold outside, etc.) Anyway I had made up my mind that I would do it that night no matter what happened. 
    It was the afternoon and I was texting a friend and I pretty much told her that I was depressed and hinted at suicide, she got mad at me and I tried to forget about. A few hours later I was laying down on my bed and my dad opens the door and tells me that someone wants to see me, I could tell there was something wrong by the look in his eyes, I was confused (no one really came over) I walk in the living room and see two cops. They pretty much tell me that my friend had called the cops and that she was concerned, (mind you, my family had no idea I was depressed) and so they referred me to a therapist(I never went), and when they were gone my dad gave me a long lecture. I didn't get that she was helping me then and I was mad at her.
    A few days pass and I come up with another way, when everyone is sleeping, I would fill up the bathtub with worm water and slit my rist(gives me chills writing this). So it was like 1:00 pm western time and I did just that, I filled up the tub and layed in it, I sat there for 10 minutes contemplating whether I should do it. I decided on yes and I got the Razer and put it on my wrist, I started the cut and a inch later, something came over me, it was like divine intervention, but I could go through with it, I just couldn't do it.
    I still have times where I would get really depressed, but nothing that bad.
    I haven't talk to her(the girl that called 911) since, she was a good person and I always thank her for what she did.
    No one ever found out, and I haven't told anyone