What to doHi, hope y'all are having a good weekend. 

I wanted to post to ask when it's okay to cut off a parent. 

I'm in my 20s and live with my mom. Sometimes she is very rude and has anger issues. 

As a child I was abused mentally, physically and tortured in ways. 

I was asking my mom if she wanted anything from Amazon as I found a hat knowing she wanted something nice. 

She was saying they have the exact same thing at Dollarama etc or home hardware. I explained the quality is different and I even showed her. She tends to say "sure" and be rude. I explained I've been taught to question stuff like that unless I see evidence. I've brought this thing up many times because she tends to make up false claims and give false info about many things and I like to check if it's true. 

I was explaining it may be similar but they don't have that one and the ones online are higher quality. When she's proven wrong she was being rude and said get a job etc. Also made up some b.s. 

I was a part time student and had to leave my job because the hours were getting in the way of classes at Uni. 

I've worked contract jobs etc. 

Since she was being rude I decided the TV I got recently that I let her use in the living room I would take back and put it in my room. I later heard her telling and then she threw my nice belt buckles, few of my clothes and my property and damaged some of my things. 
She can be extremely childish. 

She threatens to break my stuff sometimes and throws or damages my property, yells in the apartment to clearly get attention and I still have nightmares from things that have been done to me as a kid. 

I was wondering when it's okay to cut off family? If I should perhaps sleep outside in the winter. 
If something happens to me my sleeping outside and I pass away I've kind of accepted it. As a kid I used to try to sleep outside in the winter when I ran away, just to be able to get some sleep. 

I'm just wondering if it's okay to speak to her less or if I should just start sleeping outside and find storage  for some of my things etc. 

I've already donated a bunch of clothes and other things last November in case I do move out I less things. 

Any tips on what to do? 
Perhaps I wasn't meant to be born lol.

Some days that I'm having a good day, either at Uni or just in general it seems like she purposely says mean or rude things. 

Sometimes she tries to start talking to me again and stuff. 

There are only some days which are good and I just wanted to be happy. I'm wondering now if there's even a point to living. Perhaps if I'm not alive anymore  it may be better. 


Have a great weekend ✌️ positive vibes.