I can't live with myself anymore :'(I try to keep it brief, but I have much to tell ..

I've been a few years now suicidal thinking. And I'm 20. My father left my mother since I was born. He was / is an alcoholic and my mother is addicted to drugs as well. I was born with a heroin addiction .. and now I'm with behavioral disorders .. I suck at school, im a wreck and social .. im fat .. and I have a fear of commitment. I fight with my mother at home and it makes me crazy to hear in my head everday how much of a piece of shit I am. Once we had a fight and she told me that im a fat piece of shit, since I am also to just end it all. Why I'm on this fucking earth when I was a fucking mistake. Nobody is happy with me around either. I have a friend .. I knew him since I was 6 or 7 .. and he is the one who is always the girls and stuff. I've never kissed a girl either, I do not even know how to feel a hug. The main reason why I hate my life because I'm fat. Nobody at school likes you, talking to you, and wants to be around you. People talk around your back and keep on laughing and laughing. I remember when I was about 12 years old and I cycle a few girls screamed at me fatass ... Since then I knew I was a worthless human being. Sometimes I called or stopped going to school. I only have one good friend, but I feel like that's slipping too. He always wants to meet girls and a lot of people. Why should I even really try? I do not sit im just watching TV daily or the computer, at home with everything I do, I do not like outside .. I hate it. I am also indebted to this, we are too poor to everything .. But since a few weeks I am trying to earn some money and pay. Everything is fucking hopeless.

I have made people feel bad by lying to them i wa someone else and made them in love. I wish someone gave me, and talked with me. kept me so. . I have so many things wrong ... I continued to lie and lie to girls ... Even a few days ago. She held my personality over the Internet, but the real me sitting here all alone .. live a fucking lie all day and night long .. I just can not take it anymore. Nobody loves me, and no one will miss me. I just do not care what people think of me. It all has to end. I can not talk to people because everyone I know are assholes. And tell it would make things worse. To my friend

I also felt really sad when my dog ​​died. He was everything to me! writing this part makes me cry all .. he was never convicted, he was always happy to see me .. I was so scared when I knew he would stay with us for a long time .. all I did was cry and drink to lose the pain .. but I still cry almost every night because of him .. and my shitty life. People laugh at your ideas have made me really sick. I told a friend I wanted a tattoo of the date of my dog ​​died and he started laughing so hard up .. I tried not to cry because we are in a restaurant ... I felt so embraced .. and I cried all night from the inside ... it almost made me myself that night with taking pills or cutting to kill myself in the bathroom .. punching my head because I was too scared to do it. I wish I'd never been born. I hate my life and when I think about death it makes me happy to know that I can not be assessed and to throw at you. Feel pain of others


It makes me sad when I think of the person I want to be.

Falling in love with the love of my life. Travel the world. Wedding and heaving children .. it makes me sad and afraid to know that I will not get anything. I am not worthy to experience something so beautiful. My whole life revolves things failed. Why would I be positive?

It's just wait until I explode with anger and just kill myself.