theres no spiders thread for me.in a story, a man condemnd to hell almost escapes from a spider thread gifted to him by the only good deed he has done in his life. im not as fortunate, i may be a despicable monster by my standards but i havent wronged anyone. just lead a pathetic life. makes me sad seeing people who've been in similar circumstances in anime, but they always have a happy ending. either its a blessing bestowed on them, or just a person actually helping and comforting them in real life. id add online help except people online dont really care about people they will never meet. they dont go out of their way aside a couple messages and sooner rather then later give up. im the only one trying to make myself happy while the world gives up on me and then crushes me beneath its heel in all its cruelty. i just want a break or two. a job, a life, a chance to get by. not constant misery with a bleak road to my grave. hell, even if i had choices in life and all of them led directly to my grave id be a bit happier because then im actually influencing my life with my choices rather then being stuck on a rail. but its just a path of thorns that has me hating myself and questioning if im really a good person or not. am i good when i help a old woman grab something from a high shelf at the store? or is that just being in the mood to help people? at what point do my actions redeem the kind of person i am? i dont mean to be sadistic and cruel with my thoughts, its just how i am. i cant change myself anymore then i already have and even then, i regret the pieces of me i left behind with my childhood. im always sacrificing something to be happy, or for a little bit of joy. but when does that end? it doesnt even balance out with as much as i sacrifice, not that i have much to give anyways. im worthless after all, hardly suitable for anything other then slavery but at that point i would be just torturing myself more of course. itd be nice to not worry about not having food or shelter though, as long as they didnt decide to kill me off. shouldnt be trying to find the pros in that stuff though.... mabey im complaining for nothing? mabey my life is easy and im ungrateful? have i really suffered or am i just whiny?  others have had harder lives then me..... i could be more poor, i could be more stupid, i could have physical disabilities, i could be starving, i could be enslaved, i could be abused more. i dont think i could hate myself more though, im the person i hate most in the world. think im stupid? well tough shit because i think im retarded! think im mean? well i think im a monster in sheeps skin! or fur? which was the saying? think im ugly? well i think im hideous! after all, you only see what i show..... im nothing without my mask. i pretend to be this nice guy who is amazing at everything because i know im the exact oopposite. every good trait about me are just left overs of who i used to be. but getting broken down in life leaves you with very little of your former self and i have only myself to blame for not holding myself together and staying out of those situations better. i say my life is terrible, but im the one who caused it to be like this. i could blame the kids who mocked me, the parents who neglected me, the friends who betrayed me, but i could also just as easily say that i could of just been a person who isnt mock-worthy, presevered myself and led a life that wouldnt let my parents neglect me, and not put so much faith in friends or avoided them in the first place. im tired, tired of being hated, alone, and given up on. nothing makes you feel more worthless then glaring eyes at the back of your head, laying in a dark room alone on a holiday, and then countless times of seeking help only to find people telling you its youre fault which i already knew or that they just stop responding and give up. not that there was help to begin with though i guess. no talking will solve my life problems, they are just facts of life. a rock is still just a rock in the end of the day. also, all this shit sounds melodramatic edgy garbage. but its how i talk about my self in a negative light. i get poetic in a vomit inducing way.