My Pain. Please read. I need advice, help, and support in this moment. It’s all explained here. ⬇️⬇️Ok, so my name is Anthony. I’m 16. and i live with my parents 1 brother and 2 sisters.

Now i began feeling down about 3 years ago, not quite depressed but i was always sad when i was alone. And at this time i was a terrible person. I was a bully but i didn’t even know it. I was mean. It wasn’t until i graduated 8th grade and i had more of a strong felling of guilt, and sadness. I didn’t think much of it. I still had friends to distract me from it. Let’s fast forward a bit. the time is August, mid August. Im starting football. i became selfish because of the selfish “brotherhood” i was around. i was mean still. To my friends and family. We’re going to skip a little more. it’s now the beginning of November. I tore my ACL during Wrestling practice. I was devastated. I was a fuckin mess to say the least i thought i would never play football again or let alone run. At this point is when i started to notice the friends i had in middle school didn’t really care, but the friends i had made in high school cared because i didn’t treat them like i used to treat people, but that changes. I now grew angry and i stopped talking to a lot of people. Fast forward to January. I quit the football team and was heading head first into the path of drugs. i wasn’t hanging out with the right people. Come February i got in a argument with the whole football team. freshman’s sophomores and juniors were all on my ass i was surrounded. They didn’t do anything until the next day. One of them tried poring water on me so i turned around and knock it out of his hands while he pretended to drink it. He was taller than me, but i didn’t care. i said to him “What are you going to do little bitch i’ll fuckin knock you out.” he kept yelling “i dare you to hit me” so i waited for him to say it again and i punches him in the chin. he was so shocked he froze up and then the assistant principal stepped in. The rest is history. i didn’t get suspended for some reason. i come back to school next week on Tuesday and then i got in a fight with a kid. and his group which used to be the group i hung out with to get free drugs. i punched him in the back of the head. i got suspended. for a week. Now it’s March. I get mad at a kid and challenged him to a fight. He ratted me out. And at the same time. My best friend. of 15 years, truly 15 years, calls the district and says i was going to kill somebody. And then his friend said the same things. It’s 3 against one. Plus the football team and the druggie group. i got expelled... shit hit the fan.

Now i finished out the year in a charter school. Summer i felt the same as last summer, lonely and sad. It’s July and i stated dating a girl. She was so beautiful inside and out literally. She only wanted the best for me. And if i were in an argument she would stick behind me right or wrong, and to me that’s love dude. None of this immature bull shit. This was real. In August shit went down her dad got mad at me and chased me out the house and he mom threaten to call the cops. Her dad doesn’t get to see her much and i ruined his day with her... well his day and he ruined my night. Her mom made her lose all contacts with me. Except we text. And have been for a while. But barely we never get to talk much. By October i figured it was my best friend and his friend who had done the deed. I instantly blocked them on all social media. Let’s fast forward through this year. Which consists of horrible people. I was in a school for expelled kids 25 miles away from home. Anyways that was hell but i lost all my friends. I had to make new ones thru social media. They are all snakes i dropped them all. I went thru panic attacks and suicidal thoughts thru the whole year. now that it’s over i want it to start again. And that’s because going to school is the only social interaction i have. And with out a social life i’m going to kill myself. i told the girl i dated and she got really scared. she said “don’t do anything stupid, i love you. stay home.” and i did. It was January at this time. Sorry let’s got back to present. I hate the way i was and who i am. i just wish i could’ve done EVERYTHING in 2018 different. That year... haunts me... i hate it. i want to cry but i can’t. i’ll break and i’ll kill my self.

I’m sorry this was so long. Thank you for reading. I love you.