what does it feel like to achieve something good in lifeHi I'm 18 and this is a throwaway account. 
I've been seriously thinking about ending my life since I was 15.  I always say to myself that someday it will get better, all these pains, me failing at everything and just no good for everyone, it all will end at someday, oh I was so naive about the reality of how hard and painful life is. 

When I was 15, there was  that one day I planned to end my life, I was at the edge of breaking but for some reason I still saw hopes and dreams in me and talked myself out of it and I promised to myself that all of these will change someday, and I gave myself time, until I'm 18, a year after I graduate, supposedly going to college.

Okay, years suffering through high school, I made it here, 18 years old me. 

And you know what, 

nothing fucking changes. I failed a subject in my final exam that disqualified me to most college and the only college that would accept me, but the chance was taken away from me for something entirely different. 

And now I'm in limbo of failures. I'm trying to find jobs, but I'm too shy and since I'm an antisocial freak I just can't communicate with anyone who I don't know so looking for jobs is really fucking hard for me.

I've planned everything in my life, after I got to this college, then I get this degree, and then I continue my way to Master and I become successful. Because my intelligence is the only thing that could get me somewhere, but the chance was taken way from me. 

One of the worst part is, I disappointed a lot of people in my life, especially my parents. It's hurt to see them being let down. They also had hopes and dreams in me but I ruined it. I let them down. I'm nothing but pain to them, a huge waste of space in this house and I know deep inside, their lives would be better without me. 

Usually after midnight, when everyone is asleep and I'm alone, there come these train of thoughts, contemplating my life and shit comes to my brain and that's when I broke down, and remember my 15 years old oath to just fucking die if you fail again haunts me and and
 I want like to give myself more chances but I'm afraid of another failure. 

I'm tired of picking myself up again and again for nothing. I can't see light at the end of the tunnel anymore, everything is a dead end for me, and rather than putting life and everyone around me more pain why don't I end it? 

I have achieve nothing in my life and I'm not proud of myself. I even hate looking in the mirror. I have a a 5 years old brother and I really hope he doesn't end up like me, instead go make mom and dad proud. I don't want anyone to end up like me. Stuck in a circle of failures of my own fault. 

There's nothing left for me here, I have nobody who cares and It's hurt for me to stay alive. I'm tired of failures. 

I'm tired.