I don't have good reasons to liveEveryone keeps telling me its going to get better or that I should live for the future. But the world around me constantly pushes me down and fucks my future more. I'm going to be homeless soon, and I'm not even 19 yet. Thinking about the future does not make me feel any kind of wonder or excitement over something that could happen, literally all it makes me think is bad things and dread. I don't want to go further. I don't want to live on another day. 

&amp;#x200B;

In 2016 I got really really sick and almost died and for a while I felt like I was able to appreciate being alive much more, like knowing I was probably going to die just made me think of how much rather I'd still be alive and just be totally fucked or something, I just didn't want to die. But now I just feel like that's gone, like I honestly don't want a totally fucked life after all. Because now it's all actually coming to me. I've been seeing a psychiatrist and I probably have developing schizophrenia. I literally have a psychotic episode almost every single day and I can't live like that, I don't want to, it's so fucking painful and it destroys my life. It feels like it just gets scarier every month. Thinking rationally and being in touch with reality becomes more and more difficult. Theres constantly more times when I can't even acknowledge that I'm under psychosis and I just feel like I become a completely different fucking crazy person. I'm so tired of the voices taking me over and making me completely catatonic while they tell me horrible things. I'm so tired of rambling nonsensical words and sentences for hours on end.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm so tired of everyone telling me I should grow up and "grab myself by the neck" and just be better and get a hold of my life. I've fucking tried that my whole life, it's not my fault I'm seriously mentally ill. It's not my fault I'm not able to be like everyone else. But no one gives a shit, especially the government and the shitty system that gets to decide my life doesn't give a shit. And it's literally only going to get worse. I don't want to fight every single day for no reason while my brains keep fucking themselves more and more and making it more and more impossible for me to have any kind of a life. I don't want to end up in the fucking streets in the cold having to sell my body to some weird men who want to fuck an ugly girl. I don't have any people in my life who can support me and help me, not a single friend, parents or anything else. Soon I won't be able to live anywhere, and I can barely even eat anymore because I have so little money every month. I've tried calling places and sending in applications for support, I've fucking tried everything it's no help. I just want to find the courage to kill myself.