Just feel like there is absolutely no meaning in my personal life, or life in general..I realize this sounds extremely dramatic, but I've been feeling quite hopeless for as long as I can remember. Every new day is like an affirmation of my fear that I am worthless in every which way. I can't find a job, I have no talents, I have no passions to pursue, I have no strong interests in anything, and despite being as pathetically introverted as I am, I rather think I enjoy being alone more than I want to be wildly popular and liked. There's no happiness in my life anywhere, and I don't even know how to begin finding happiness or changing my life. I've tried everything I can think of, and read every god-damn, relevant Internet article. The idea of therapy is not appealing to me simply because I really, genuinely don't have the money or time for counseling while I'm slowly starving to death in graduate school. I'm more or less estranged from my family, and while my friends are supportive and more concerned than I deserve, venting can only provide temporary relief and I always feel like a burden. 

I just wish I knew how to lift myself up. Find some self-esteem or hope or meaning. I've tried physical remedies (eating healthy, exercising, taking walks in the sun, meditation) and getting hobbies (sketching, playing music). I think I am pretty honest with myself. I have good and bad qualities similar to everyone else, but the "good" qualities (extreme empathy and idealism bordering on naivete) all seem useless, while the bad qualities are even more overwhelmingly detrimental to my personal fulfillment. I don't even know what kind of career I want, and I'm sending out a million job applications as fast as I can write them every week. I just want to find direction and purpose, but I'm so unintelligent, lost and self-loathing that I am hardly even confident that this is what I "want." Most days I just want to quietly pass out of existence. Not necessarily in a suicidal sentiment, because I'm still afraid of pain and the finality of death, but in a "I want to wake up dead" kind of way. :( 