Nothing is changing nothing is worth it.I did all this stuff to try to change my life but I'm still in the same freakign place. Lose 100lbs. Go to work full time. Go to school full time. Started weight lifting 3x a week. 

What is the purpose of doing all this? I thought it was going to make my life better but it takes up so much freaking time and I get lonely. With class I only pretty much have Sunday free. and I live down south and everything is slow or shut down on sunday. 

Then I remembered my therapist told me its good to keep a journal. The last therapist I saw said the same thing too but every time I wrote I got angry. I felt like I'm better now and I tried today. And I got the same anger. Maybe worse. I always get mad and I don't know why. 

Nothign I am doing is worth it, nothing I am doing is working or positive. I should honestly just kill myself so I dont ever have to go through this again. 

Maybe its because part of me doesnt love myself. I dont know fuckign how. I dont know how to feel happy aobut myself unless its in some form of accomplishment. I feel like I have to achieve something and work my ass off to make myself into something. I can't just accept myself now. And its because I dont think I am worth anything.

When I write and the frustrations come out I dont know how to deal. People look at what I do and say "good job!" "THat takes a lot of dedication" 

It doesnt feel like that. I thought all this stuff would help me. I still have four years left of college if I go for my BA. Four years of full time school and work. 

And while I would love actual friends in real life (i have mainly online friends) or a girlfriend I know I'm not entitled to this. I know its going to suck finding new people in my life. I know it wont work out all the time. I know thats also what makes it great.

BUT IN THE MEANTIME. I have no way to deal with all these feelings. And honestly! If I'm completely honest, I sometimes feel like if I dont freaking figure it out soon I will either hurt myself or hurt someone else! 

I dont know why I listened to her! I dont blame her for telling me to write my thoughts, but its like the moment I'm in there she can show me how my life is good and all that jazz and I might feel better for a little bit. But then I forget to say this really serious stuff. But I dont want to freaking tell her this outloud. I would rather write it and have her read it. 

I dont know.

All this shit isnt worth it. Nothing is worth it. None of it works. It doesn't help. I dont know why I think like this, but I feel everything I do is meaningless and I'm doing for some stupid freaking reason. I cant believe I actually thought I coudl better myself. 

I dont understand why I dont feel better. Exercise, dieting, trying to clean up my diet is supposed to make you feel better. Therapy is supposed to make you feel better. Trying hard to better yourself is supposed to make you feel better. But it doesnt to me