I am some type of batshit-insane [huge wall-of-text rant + desperate plea for advice]There is something so deeply wrong with me. Something in my brain, it just isn't wired right. My whole life- literally, my WHOLE life, as far back into my childhood as I can remember- has been a horror show of terrifying mood swings, self-hate, abandment issues, and the pursuit of oblivion. i started *directly* self harming at age twelve following years of internal turmoil over... nothing, really. nothing in my life at that point had ever been truly taumatic. my parents fought a lot, my dad stepped out when i was ten, but nothing that would warrant the terrible things that went on in my head. from there, things only got worse, as my next fix came in the form of the eating disorder that had been brewing my whole life. i was starved for attention and affection, so i starved myself. until i was hospitalized at 14. in that hospital, something awful (even more awful than the usual awfulness dealt to mental health patients in this country) occurred, and i... have never recovered. 

my mood swings got worse, and worse still, until my own mother sent me away to live with a relative. 

that relative turned out to be perhaps as crazy as me; albeit in such a way that it manifested as outward aggression- outward aggression toward *me* rather than to herself.

after a year i finally got to come home... without my hair, any of my personal possessions, or the few friends i'd had.

she took them all from me.

i tried to rebuild. i really did. i tried so fucking hard, but everything inside me told me no, it's too late, and i guess it was.

my grades slipped. i failed three classes. i'm a senior now but i probably won't graduate. college is off the table. that luxury isn't afforded to poor girls with 2-point-nothing GPAs.

i've spent the last several years in and out of therapy, but nothing has ever come of it. no one cares to talk about the constant hell my unmagable emotions pull me through as long as my weight stays at a certain number so i've never had a proper diagnosis. i'm just sad for no reason. than i'm on top of the world. than i'm scared everyone i love is gonna leave me. then i'm scared of *everything*. as far as any outside source is concerned, i'm just "unmotivated". 

my already damn near unbearable life became even worse a few nights ago, however, when a mental break down over- wait for it!- a package of ramen fucking noodles resulted in a meltdown that alienated my last ally, my brother, and now i'm left feeling like an intruder in my own home. i don't know how the hell to carry on. i'm so sick of every aspect of my life. i'm gonna end up one of the washed up drug whores in the drug-ho-hotel nearby. all i do is drink, and cry, and get high, and hurt myself. it's a painful cycle. it's exhausting. i just want it to stop. i need help but no one is willing to give it to me. 

i feel so alone. just... alone. 

Im seventeen and i'm already all used up. 

All this time i should have been figuring out what i wanna do, and instead, my eighteenth is approaching and i don't even know what i wanna do. it doesn't matter though, i know, because like i said: poor girls with shit grades don't get to go to college. 

i think i'm gonna die in this messy bedroom in my mother's house.

I feel like my only choice is to decide when that is. 