No one believes I'm ill.Hey, I just want to let you know that Ive created an account for the difficult subjects - with that out of the way, here we go.

&amp;#x200B;

Since I was a child I've been trying to get doctors and the people around me to understand and trust me when I say I'm not well. Since half way through primary school I've been complaining about my body just giving in. I suffer from serious fatigue and no one has any idea what it is - and I'm told off as depressed, hysterical or hypochondriac since I've survived bullying and parents divorce, and even though I keep telling the people around me it's not bothering me that much, no one seems to truly understand. I know my body is sick, I trust my body and the signals I'm getting.  

Of course my mental health has taken a hit - my fatigue forces me to isolate myself, to stay at home for months at it's worse. I had to drop out of high school twice, I've had to quit jobs and I've been fired two times because I'm not able to do the even the simplest of tasks. I am lagging behind my peers so bad (23 yo, no high school, no job), and I feel like I've lost 15 years of my life. I've tried everything from antidepressants to diets, and I can't work out, I collapse even from yoga. My room is a constant mess and I have trouble taking care of myself - sometimes I go a week without showering, I have full days without food, I just can't do it. It's not that I don't want to or that I'm not motivated, I just can't. 

I randomly get well, my body just works for some time (usually no more than 2 weeks), and then it just hits me again, out of nowhere, nothing triggers it, I'm just back in bed - all hope just sucked out of me.

It does not matter how I feel mentally, I can be so, so happy, having a really good time with a tv-show or a book - my depression is more of an off and on thing, and if it hits I'm completely useless. I keep telling the doctors I meet that it's not in my head, they shrug it of and send me to therapy. But, most therapists I meet say that there is nothing they can do, I don't score high enough on any mental illness, they have no clue and I'm sent off. 

All this time I've studied at home, but not officially, I've gained a lot of knowledge and I'm often told I'm very intelligent. None of that matters though, I can't even finish high school, so no studies no nothing. I'm just in my bed, always thinking of this brain that I can't use because my body absolutely does not let me. I'm seriously stuck here. I have very few friends, no one really knows I exists and I don't have the energy too keep up with them, I don't have anything to talk about either - I'm just at home. I have family that loves me and cares for me, but they don't see me, they want me to push on and try harder, but how do I do that with a body that doesn't work? 

This is not the first time I've wanted to die, not that I really want to, I just don't want to live in this body anymore. I'm so lost, I can't live like this anymore. I don't know what good health is - that's my reality. I need some advice because I don't want to live anymore, I can't take one more "you have so much potential" or "You're just lazy, get some air", I don't want to leave behind the people in my life, they don't deserve it, but I seriously can not live like this for much longer. 