I've opened up to my friends, I opened up to my family, and still no one cares enough to check in on me.I made a long facebook post asking for the people in my life to be there for me and nothing. I mean, there were a lot of comments telling me I was brave but nobody really offering to just be there for me. I talked to my dad last week and he blamed himself for being a horrible father. I told him the only reason I hadn't gone through with it yet was because I didn't want to hurt him and that things would be worse if he wasn't. I told him that I was overwhelmed trying to figure out how the whole insurance thing works but that I've needed to see a professional for a long time. It's been a week and while he seemed to be encouraging then I've heard nothing since. I'm feeling really down because even when I've tried to ask others to be there for me and got the courage to be open I was still left with nothing. If nobody's willing to be there for me when I've blatantly opened up about my struggles with suicide, I can't imagine anybody would care that much if I actually did it either. I'm sure most of them would never even find out.

It's hard feeling like the people in your life don't care about you and it's not like you can just find new friends/family that you can dump all of your problems on. I'm at a loss and it would just be easier to go to bed and never wake up. It feels like everything is hopeless and even if people tell you that you matter they never show you. Words are useless. When I care about people, I go to great lengths to show them that I care. I make the effort to BE there. I like to make sure that people know that they aren't alone. Why is it so hard to ever have one person just be there for me too?

I'm exhausted. I can't handle being let down again. I get too much anxiety to even go out anymore. It's hard to me to even bother focusing on my work so now my bank account is in the shitter. I just want to feel *normal* and I know this isn't normal. I hate feeling that I'm not in control of myself. That I can't snap my fingers and act like everything's fine. I don't want to be a burden on others. I want to feel like someone others can look up to but I haven't been that in a really long time. And even when I was, I wasn't happy. I kept always deluding myself that one day things will be better and it just seems like as the years pass it's never going to happen. I get empty compliments but I hate who I am. I just wish I could disappear. If I could just leave behind no trace and people could be left wondering what happened to me instead of knowing the truth, it'd be nice. People might wonder, but they won't really care, and that's fine with me now.

Though sometimes I feel like even death won't absolve me of my unhappiness. There will always be that dark cloud. I've just wanted one person to look at me the way that I've looked at others. To make me feel like I actually mattered instead of someone they just wanted to have entertain them, or to try and sleep with. I just wish I came first for once instead of people telling me how they appreciated me making them feel that way. Why can't I matter? Why can't I get the help when I need it? Why do I always have to do everything alone? The only people I can think of who did put me first died. It's like I'm tainted. Each time I think someone cares, and they tell me they do, I turn out to be wrong and abandoned. I just can't handle it anymore. I'm sick of crying every day and feeling like no matter what I do I'll be nothing more than useless. I just want to finally be free from the pain.