Not sure how long I'm gonna last.I have been a loner my entire life (39YO)I have no siblings so it was just me., I was and am a creature that lives in the realm of common sense. I learned how to read at 2yo and it went all downhill from there. I never had any friends because they could never understand what i was talking about and my only contact was with adults I was Hyperactive .
I was put on Ritalin at 5 till 13 and started beating my doctor at chess by 7. I was never given any sort of push to accomplish anything or to try and push my limits and was pretty much received no guidance from my parents (mom was my only friend and she treated me like a friend ) At 13 i took myself off the Ritalin because i saw the other kids around me and realized i wasn't like them but by then it was too late...

Started experimenting with weed and booze, made a couple friends and by 15 i had a drinking problem and i still didn't know how to interact with anyone but adults. I also start thinking about suicide. At 16 i started working at a dance club and a record store and had pretty much given up on school. The Club was magical to me, i made 3 friends that i spent all my time with but i knew Hundreds of people. My drinking and drug use became quite profound during this time as i found if i dumb myself down its easier to interact with people in general.

I officially dropped out of school, got my GED and knocked up my Girlfriend.

Married my girlfriend and started working shitty jobs to support my new family. Still drinking at this time but stopped the drug use.

Haven't thought about suicide for a little while.

Really badly damaged my Back and was forced to get a job in a call center. Moods getting worse i figure its just carry over from the whole moody teenage angst thing... I have almost totally quit drinking. I start having severe anxiety attacks and its hard to do anything so i jump from job to job and start looking at treatment options. treatments fail as the doctors have issues diagnosing me also no one can find the right med for me to be on. i have total breakdowns after a couple weeks on each med.

I am becoming more and more withdrawn from society and less tolerant of what i "believe" to be stupid people i jump from job to job and never leave the house for things other than work unless the wife makes me. I have Zero interaction with people unless i am forced to. I start actually going to work and have attacks so bad that i call in sick and just sit in the parking lot till my shift is over then go home.

Still not getting any help.

All this goes on for over a decade. i now think about suicide all the time. In 2004 my health after years of neglecting it, takes a turn for the worse. i am put on a new drug for diabetic neuropathy.

Surprise surprise the anxiety attacks and depression start to become controllable.

I keep my job for a year, (longest i ever held a job in my adult life was 6 months) then move to a better job and keep that one for 2 years during this time i end up 100 pounds overweight and have all the issues associated with that. Even on the meds i am still withdrawn and have no social interaction with the outside world except for work. Marriage is dissolving as years of me being screwed up, health issues and meds take their toll, Health and meds make me impotent and i never think about sex. 2008 The wife and i amiably divorce. (I gave her what she wanted no fight) the stress costs me my job. In a 30 day period i loose my family my job and my home and move in with the only friend i have. I start working temp jobs for the remainder of 2008 and my health and moods continue to degrade. 2009 im stuck in the middle the economic breakdown. cannot find a job anywhere. this adds fuel to the fire.

I start mixing Lots of booze and meds. Valum, Lortab, Oxy, Flexeral, ambian and bottles of booze. I now think about dying all the time. the end of 2009 my mother convinces me to move in with her and her new husband (my father had been dead since 97). I do.

There is no alcohol allowed in her house. i get a 6 month contract to work as a supervisor in the census call center starting in january. i am still horribly overweight and thinking about suicide. Mom gets cancer for the 3rd time I get another contract job for the last 6 months of the year. mom is getting worse, my step father starts taking advantage of the fact that im there and treats me like i am his slave. I decide to move and rent a house with a friend, my oldest son and his best friend. Im still thinking about dying all the time but im functioning at work and that's what matters.

In Dec I buy a tv and a tv stand and have a breakdown because i cant put the stand together, I start to realize i have been having memory and thinking issues for years. i cant remember numbers and am unable to work through simple tasks like putting together a bedframe. I start doing some research and find out the med i am on may be to blame. I stop taking it after 6 years. march of 2011 im out of work but my thinking process is coming back. I start a diet. Get my first permanent full time job since 2008. Mom is on Hospice and will die any time. I start making arrangements to pay off the bills i have acquired. I make the calls to set up all the court dates to fix my Suspended license tickets and the driving on no insurance tickets. city court 1, $100.00 fine City court 2, $500 dollar fine County court, $300 dollar fine City court 3, prosecutor is asking for 50 days in jail and 2k in fines for driving on a suspended license and no proof of insurance. i am sentenced in july. I have lost 46 pounds and am having issues doing anything but sitting in my room in the basement i lost my new job because of the possible jail time.

 I spend 95% percent of my awake time in a full blown crippling anxiety attack. I still dont think that well. i feel like my brain is only half there. I WANT to go out and be social. I WANT friends. but on the same hand i want to be totally left alone.
I have a girl i met and i think things could be pretty good between us but im to damn scared to really peruse it.
the next step is writing notes to everyone important (i have been avoiding it) 
Unless people have lived with these feelings they think you are being a drama queen.
IM starting to show signs of simple Agoraphobia. I spent all weekend in my room in the basement with all the lights out. i Spend at least half of every day sitting in complete silence.

Old friend of 25 years died yesterday.

I dont want to live like this anymore.


I know this is way to much info but i needed to say it.
Thanks for listening