I am studying abroad but have no money left and I don't have anyone in my home country. It is hard to erase suicidal thought from my mindI have been struggling with mental health problem and depression almost two years now. It was started when I decided to study abroad with my partial scholarship. I was very naive back then, I thought people in a western country would be more helpful and care to people that need help, so I was not afraid of my decision. 

I didn't really have money to pay the rest of the bill and asked the university if I could work part-time and they said yes. I also asked the immigration office of that country and they could not make it sure before I arrived there because every resident permit has different working permit condition.

It turned out I didn't have a working permit entitled to my resident permit. So I need an employer that wants to issue it for me. I live in a village and no single store here to accept international students except illegal works. 

My backup plan was asking my family help, even though they were abused and neglected me. I was still hoping they would be proud if I study abroad. When I arranged my visa, I discovered they were not my real family and adoptive. It was clear now they didn't want me to come back again after my adoptive mom died since I was 17.

One day, I asked the university they always referred me back to my home country student association. But I got sexual violence, the leader of the association tricked me by lending me money in exchange for a sexual favour. When I refused he was very upset and told me he won't lend me the rest of the money. I reported this case to the university, but they could not do anything because he already graduated. Then the advisor advised me to tell my story to other students from my home country, but most of them didn't believe what I told them, they said the student was a prominent student that got the most reputable scholarship from my country, it was not possible he did that, they accused me I seduced him to make me pregnant and trapped him.

I told the university what should I do with my debt, and they told me I should go to the psychologist first. 

Then I went to a student psychologist, she told me I should decide it by myself but I told her I could not hold this anymore. I was too stressed out and depressed. She referred me to a mental hospital, but the waiting list was 6 months. Meanwhile, I tried to find a job. And I kinda find a shady job, that not really a good job because it was far and pay me per 12 hours instead of per hour. That is the only job I could find because others always refused due to my residence permit condition.

I found it very exhausting and not worth the money, the boss always told me to stay there for 3 days then I didn't have time to study, but she insisted other students could finish the education. She convinced me the most important thing is I found a westerner husband so I could stay there. 

Then I got into another trouble, I got a fine letter from the government because I only have student insurance. The insurance was too expensive and not comparable to my income. I asked my boss and co-workers but they all blamed me. I asked around and people told me it was random and based on luck if I was unlucky then I need to apply otherwise I would get a fine and the government would take the most expensive insurance. I felt disagree and called the government office and they referred me to three different institutions. I called them all every day and got a different answer but none of them told me to object. I decided to object by myself. 

And the result was good I didn't need the insurance. However during that period of decision. I went to a psychologist, and the bill was charged into my new insurance that only covers 75% because too expensive to take the 100% since I already have the student insurance. It was very complicated because I didn't really know how the insurance system worked, and now I debted around 3.000 Euro.

I tried to get help from the embassy, but they sent me away to find a social worker. I found two social workers but they said it was my responsibility and not their problem since I am an adult. They told me to find a friend rather than asked them for help. I cried so hard during the meeting because of all the flashback. 

Prior to this event, another student from my home country students association forced me to have sex with him because he knew I had a financial problem. A student from the student council forced me to become his friend with benefits. He was very upset to me when I refused. Female students here seems very reserved. I tried to befriend with them but hard. The psychologist told me to find people online, but I was locked and raped when I met someone online.

I just cannot hold this anymore. Now, I wasted so many time asking help and do everything and now I could not finish my study and get extended, I could not pay the extension money it is 2k per month. 

Every time I asked help, people just sent me away or give me a cliche answer that I already did that such as find another scholarship or go to the embassy or find people from the same country. I did all of them. So now I am tired and give up.