My absolute train wreck of a life.I don't even know where to begin. My life is a complete disaster. I have suffered severely from mental illness for over 12 years now. I am in my early twenties. I have suffered from depression and eating disorders since I was a little girl. My step parent physically and emotionally abused me. I have suffered sexual abuse, I was forced to have a late abortion at a young age against my will. This haunts me pretty much every day and night. I have been addicted to almost everything under the sun. I managed to stay sober for over a year but my spending and binge/purging became a million times worse. I managed to stop self harming, but I was still so depressed that I would not get out of bed for weeks, I couldn't wash, buy food, cook, do laundry... I can't hold down a job, a relationship, friendships... I just dropped out of uni for the third time. I am in thousands of pounds of debt and I can't get a job. I literally just finished reading a rejection email. Its fucking ridiculous but I can't even afford to buy tampons right now, that's how fucking poor and shit my life is. I have been diagnosed with borderline personality disorder and complex PTSD from the years of sexual abuse, including the few years I was an escort (sex worker, go on judge me, I couldn't give a shit). I can't think of a single aspect of my life that I like, not one feature. My sister is completely gorgeous and thin and perfect, getting perfect marks doing the same course at uni that I just dropped out of, and she just got a call back for the same job I got rejected from. I'm not even fucking kidding. I dropped out after I fell into a severe depressive episode when a good friend died recently. Oh and today is the seventh anniversary of a friend's suicide by hanging. I have begged and pleaded with numerous GPs, psychiatrists etc for help but anyone with any experience of the NHS knows this that when it comes to mental health you can either take drugs that will turn you into a zombie or spend thousands of your own money going private. I am sitting on my bedroom floor staring at a rope hanging from the ceiling, so if anyone has a good reason for me to carry on with this complete train wreck of a life, now would be a great time to pipe up...