I am a burden to everyone around me.It's about time i faced it. 
Thing is, I don't even know if I'm depressed. I'm a 16 y/o and I have my passions, I have a 4.0 GPA and things could be worse. But lying on my bed at 1am crying to myself thinking about life just convinces me that I am worthless, nobody would ever like me and nobody would ever stand me. I have my passions: I love music, I love Physics and I have read every single book written by Stephen Hawking. Yet, lately I've found zero interest to pursue both.

My parents clearly favor my sister, and I will never be as smart as her. I am doing better in my grades than I ever have but that's still not going to be enough for them, and I'll always be the one who destroys my family name, the one they neglect.

Living in an extremely competitive state called Singapore and going to one of the most competitive schools here has had me stressed out beyond measure. Everyone is smarter than me, everyone works harder than me, everyone has a girlfriend, everyone but me has everything going for them.

I have a few friends, but none of them are very close friends whom I can share secrets with and look forward to meeting. I did get along with this one girl, we texted day and night and I thought our friendship would last. Eventually even she couldn't stand me and now she is absolutely disgusted by me and hates me. I heard she wants to transfer to another school next year just so that she could avoid me. 

The thing is I never do anything 'wrong'. I am just a burden to everyone around me and thet would be better without me and that's just me. Theres nothing I could change and no way anyone would ever like me and not find me annoying. There is no point trying to cling on to something so meaningless. We are all better off dead anyway, life doesnt make any sense - in the grand scheme of things life shouldn't even exist, why does the universe need life? We contribute nothing in the long run and our so called society and morals are just things we created to ensure the continuity of our species, when in the end, nothing really matters. I've sat on my window ledge many times. I couldn't bring myself to jump even though I knew i wanted to

