Moods are back and forth and making me exhausted.I feel like I can't do it, but I wish I could. And right now I'm not even in a bad place: I'm home with my parents and my older sister and my boyfriend is texting me, but I can feel the depression coming on and I don't know why. Maybe because I have to go back to college on Monday and possibly fail out.

For the past few years I've been dealing with being depressed and anxious and whatever else. I am iron and vitamin D deficient but I have taken them to see if it improved my mood and they didn't, and I kind of wish they were a slower, quieter way out. But I doubt skipping my iron and vitamin D pills will kill me.

I'm the only child in my entire family, extended included, going to college. My mom is a straight A registered nurse with a specialization in oncology and she is my hero and my envy. She's smart and organized and I will never be the success story she's hoping for. My sister dropped out of college forever ago--drugs and general laziness--and I've had a hard time. 

I'm at college #3, going away again. GPA ranges from what it is now, a 1.7, up to a 3.8. I suck at science, but science is what I want. I'm a great writer (not to be arrogant, but I kind of am and I've written several novels) and I know I should be an English major but there's no money or future. So I decided I'd be a vet tech. Animals are cute and medicine is cool.

Huge mistake. It's fucking *hard*. I am not as smart as the other people in this program, mostly pretty blonde girls who are fresh out of high school. I'm 21 and I feel too old to still not have even my associate's degree. I have like 50-something random credits. I am an absolute freak. I don't understand why I can't buckle down. They all go for extra practice and studying and I want to lie in bed after classes (which run from 8-5 three days a week, giving me no time to eat a damn thing). I just don't *care*.

My depressed moods are getting worse and worse. I will rotate between feeling invigorated and smart and high-achieving and feeling like a complete fucking loser. Usually the depression comes on when I hit a wall or something stupid sets me off. A professor made me cry last week and I was so goddamn close to getting in my car and crashing it. She just stared at me while I cried in front of her and didn't say a thing. Didn't care. I emailed her and apologized and she sent me an academic warning.

It's just exhausting me at this point. I spend three or more nights a week crying and Googling reasons why I shouldn't kill myself. I'm under a lot of pressure from my family to succeed and there's intrinsic pressure, too. I don't want to drop out and move on to the next college. My boyfriend will think I'm a loser, my mom will be SO disappointed, and my grandpa will be heartbroken.  

I tried for an easy out and asked my mom what she thought about me just getting an English associate's degree from my local community college and she laughed. Said "you're not getting some bullshit diploma." I know she's right; even though I'd be lucky to make $35k as a vet tech it's a degree with a job tied to it. But I'd be SO happy sitting in an office all day typing stuff or calling people. Really. Not that being a vet tech would be miserable but this program is crushing me.

I don't know... It's not just the depression that hurts, but the crashing from feeling optimistic to feeling like absolute shit. I was hoping to get engaged this year but I can't if I'm not at least en route to graduating school. This place destroyed my GPA so I don't know what would happen. I want to get the fuck out of college and not have to feel like every day is a struggle.