I'm in a terrible place mentally and not really sure how to improveI'd been improving for a while, but for the past few months a lot of symptoms have been intensifying to the point where I'm scared of myself and I'm not sure what to do.

I've mostly been ignoring it at first, which isn't good, but this is probably the worst depressive episode I've had in two years. There wasn't one single thing that triggered it, but a lot of different things stacking on top of each other. 

I've been having near constant thoughts of suicide, at least one major panic attack a day, depressive periods where I can barely move it hurts so much, and the only improvements I've made is in stopping drinking, which is helping a little but not enough. I'm impulsively doing really self-destructive things and can't stop myself, I've begun self-harming again and even though I've been able to stop for the past couple weeks I don't know when I'll start because it's not like I plan this shit out.

I haven't actively tried to kill myself, and I know the signs of when I'm about to make an attempt, so I"m good for right now. But I'm in such a horrible mental place that I don't know what to do with myself. I'm in therapy and I've regressed so fast and so suddenly that she has no earthly idea what to do. 

I've done a lot of hurtful things without meaning to and yet that doesn't excuse me. I know I'm a bad person and I don't know how to be good, it's like there's a switch in me set to "evil" all the time but I badly want to be good. i don't know what to do, I've been hurt so much that all I do now is hurt anyone who tries to get close to me or cares about me, it's all I do now. I don't know what  to do, I don't know how to get better, I keep getting so scared that this is it and this will be the rest of my life and there won't be anythingleft and I'll never get what i want and I don't deserve anything that I want and it's a good thing I'm alone now because at least this way when the time bomb that is me goes off, only i will be hurt and everyone else will be ok, i can just hide far away somewhere and then there will be an explosion but everyone else will be ok 