[TW] I am 16 and have attempted suicide 4 times; bullying about my appearance is making me consider it againI generally steer clear of making posts of this nature since I don't like discussing my personal life on social media. That said, this is something that I feel I must be open about in order to come to terms with it. I'm not sure what this subreddit's policy is regarding posts relating to suicide; I originally intended to post this on r/confession but found out it wasn't allowed, which I completely understand.

To contextualise, I'm a 16 year old girl and I'm originally from Eastern Europe, but I now live in the UK. This may be a very long read and I'll be sure to TL;DR.

I was diagnosed with autism at the age of 4. I'm not 'low functioning' (for lack of a better term; feel free to suggest one) per se, but to other people, it's pretty obvious that I am developmentally disabled. I have poor fine motor skills, struggle to articulate my thoughts and am extremely susceptible to meltdowns when not on birth control (I'll explain this later).

For most of my early childhood this was largely not a huge issue in my life. I received good support and people were usually empathetic towards my struggles. However, things started to go slowly and then eventually very dramatically downhill once I got my period age 10.

My parents noticed that I had menstrual cycles that were on average around 21 days in length. Initially, they weren't too worried and assumed they would eventually become more regular as time went on. They didn't. They became shorter, and when I last calculated them, my cycles lasted 18 days on average. This messed up my hormones and I became extremely depressed. This depression peaked around my period. I don't mean that I got typical premenstrual symptoms; in the days leading up to my period, I would self harm, have suicidal thoughts, experience very violent and dramatic mood swings, become extremely sensitive to sound and texture and lose interest in my hobbies and friends. I suggested possibly having PMDD; my mother was dismissive of this idea because I don't experience psychosis.

I first attempted suicide when I was either 13 or 14 (but definitely no older). I didn't inform my parents of this, but only because I didn't want to upset them or make them feel like they had failed me as parents, because they definitely didn't. I then attempted once more aged 15.

During this time period I was prescribed the combined oral contraceptive pill. Theoretically, I am supposed to 'tricycle' them, or in other words, take three months' worth of packs and then take a break. I did this until the second most recent attempt in October of last year. This was the first one that I told anybody about and you may not be shocked to hear that it happened whilst I was on a 'period break'. I went to A&amp;E the next day, where I waited for seven hours before being seen by a therapist for twenty minutes who told me that I seemed to have things 'under control' and took no action except refer me to another therapist, who I had one appointment with where I heard the same thing. It was my mother's birthday that day and I have not forgiven myself for making her spend it in A&amp;E. She stayed mostly collected throughout it all but I could tell she felt very upset and shaken.

It's partly for that reason that I didn't inform her of my most recent attempt in December. It was also because I was due to fly to Canada the day after the attempt and couldn't bring myself to jeopardise the trip. I considered calling a suicide hotline once I was in Montreal but ended up not doing it, mainly because when I looked up numbers to call, I couldn't find one in Quebec that offered English counselling, but also because my mother discouraged it because of what we would be charged (please remember, she didn't know that I had attempted suicide).

I'm in Year 11, which in the UK is the final year of high school. I'm currently caught up in revising for my GCSEs, which I'm doing OK with from an academic perspective, but struggling to cope with mentally. I'm also being bullied; less than in previous years but still in a way that fucks me up even though I pretend it doesn't. I used to be targeted for my personality and mannerisms, which I've given up being upset about since I've accepted that I don't carry myself typically. Recently, though, they've shifted to targeting my appearance.

This may make me sound shallow, but as a 16 year old girl, having my appearance mocked and scorned is completely crushing. A few months ago it was never something I gave much thought and I never felt insecure about my appearance outside of typical concerns teenage girls have. People call me 'ugly' and laugh at me to my face. I've never been in a relationship of any kind and, at the risk of sounding like an incel, this does not give me hope for the future and makes me question if I am physically attractive to anybody. It makes me feel arrogant for having ever thought that there was nothing wrong with the way I look. And I'm starting to spiral emotionally because of it. 15 year old me would have laughed at the idea of me being so insecure about my physical appearance, but for me, it was one of the few things I had genuine confidence and pride in and now it is being taken from me. 

I feel very shallow and fragile for feeling this way. I'm 16 and have four attempts to my name and it's embarrassing. I hate that I'll never really be able to disassociate myself from that because this isn't what I want to look back on in 10 or 20 years time. 

TL;DR I'm a 16 year old autistic girl who has attempted suicide 4 times and is now reconsidering due to bullying concerning my physical appearance.