I just keep digging myself deeperThis is a throwaway/alt whatever you want to call it. 

i've never been good at managing money, it would always slip through my fingers and i'd always wonder where it all went. But this month is different, this month might be a dealbreaker for me. i have a career in the military, but i also started working part time just to slowly chip away at my debt, and it doesn't seem to be going down. 

i've only slept 2 1/2 hours last night because i need to drive as much as possible to get some decent cash, but then i start thinking of what i owe. maxed out credit card, overdue car payment and insurance, need an oil change, need gas money to drive back home, overage fee for my phone, need to pay back my friends who i'm grateful for lending me money. but it doesn't stop! 

then there's all my bad luck on top of that! got into an accident back in February. had to get a loan for my deductible, then i had to shell out $730 for a lawyer for a careless driving charge, and i didn't even win, it was lowered down to a unsafe lane change. but then, THEN i went go-karting last Saturday night, i was wearing a helmet with no visor (the place didn't provide any). i get hit from behind, my phone flies out of my pocket and my glasses fly off my face. they found the phone on the track, cracked screen, but no sign of glasses, which i need to drive my friend back home. Then i had to borrow $155 to pay for an optometrist appointment to get my prescription, then pay another $290 for my glasses. at this point i've tried to keep making backup plans but i've just given up. i feel so demoralized, like nothing i plan works out. sometimes i feel like I'm slowly getting back on track and then a hidden fee or payment gets thrown at me. I'm noticing that i'm getting angrier and starting to not take shit from anyone, almost as if my mind is bent to the point of snapping. i'm having thoughts or daydreams of going on revenge sprees if someone were to ruin my mood or day.

i've gone to financial aid and mental health to see a councillor and a psychiatrist, but they can't help me find a job or tell me who's hiring. i'm hanging in as long as i can, but my arms are already sore and being trampled on. it's no ones fault but mine.
