I'm lost please help meFor the past 6 months I’ve had thoughts of killing myself, sometimes stronger than others, but always there. I don't really know the reason they started, but I haven't been able to shake them ever since they did. I am in therapy and I have a friend who knows and has actually knowingly stopped me from attempting it on multiple occasions (9 if I remember correctly). I’ve tried to find reasons to live for months, but only for very short periods of time have I been able to convince myself. I’ve watched videos on reasons to live, read r/sw posts, read lists of reason, but none of this has convinced me for long.
I thought 3 times over the course of these 6 months that I had made into the clear, the most recent being about 3 weeks ago, but none of them lasted more than a week. I found myself back with the thoughts of suicide again. Almost every night I think about doing it before I go to sleep, and usually dream about doing it. The only thing keeping me alive anymore is that I know it would destroy my friend, who’s worked so hard to keep me alive, but she’s going off to college and I rarely speak with her anymore and she is a very busy person, so I never get to see her anymore, just text. I feel like I’m just a nuisance to her now.
I can’t take all the responsibilities and what’s expected by my parents. All they want me to do is go to college and do what they want for a living, but I’ve always hated school and I have given up on high school entirely. My last quarter of this past years gpa was about a 1.0 down from my old gpa of around 3.5. I can’t handle it anymore I’ve told them over and over it’s not what I want to do, but they insist I have to do it. I’m also an atheist and my family is all Catholics and they don’t understand how I could not believe in god.  
I’ve never been able to work hard at anything either. Most things come easy to me, but when something doesn’t I’m very quick to give up no matter the consequences, like last year of school. All of my electronics/privileges were taken away until recently, which made things even worse.
I’ve searched so long for a reason to live, but I just think it’s time for me to give up and take the easy way out like I always do.
