Welp, all of my future goals have been ruined by another person smearing me. Going to either have to die, or painstakingly rebuild my entire life when I don't know how.Basically I am an undergraduate in college right now, and I graduate in 5 months. The only goal that I have ever REALLY had was pursuing my PhD in anthropology and conducting research while getting to teach university. I have spent the last several years doing nothing but working my ass off to build up a reputation with professors and colleagues. However, it has backfired on me. I took on the role of being an officer for the department social club, and the president, an undergrad like me, has basically talked down to me the entire time and found issue with everything I do and has used this opportunity to smear me in front of faculty in a group email to point out all my flaws and accuse me of just being all around terrible, (and is using the last email where I finally got fed up and went off on her for the way she constantly talks down to me) as justification and evidence against me. I decided to go ahead and make a somewhat long overall defense of myself to the faculty advisor she smeared me in front of, and explain that she has been talking down to me the entire semester, and that I have emails to prove it. I also put in my resignation, while making it clear that it wasn't really something I felt happy about doing. But now I feel that that probably just made the situation worse and now I seem like the problem or an overall emotional whiner in just the way she told him I was. He will never write me a recommendation letter now, and word will probably spread to other faculty in the department, insuring that they will always have a bad impression of me. 

And the worst part is, this whole situation is really only skimming the waters on the entire problem itself, which is that I'm a fucking no-self esteem having, hypochondriac, clinically OCD-ridden, pathetic anxious fucking pushover all of the fucking time, and that the only reason the problem was ever allowed to get this bad was because I let her push me around the entire semester just like I fucking let everyone else push me around in life, starting with my whore druggy mother who has always told me I was the cause of her problems while putting her asshole father who raped her on a guilt-free pedestal. I guess when the first person who was supposed to provide you love literally always paints a rapist in a better picture than she does you, it affects you. My life has started out sad, and it has been sad ever since. I'm a sad fucking person, and I don't see it getting any better. Most of my relationships up until my current one have been abusive, as it seems that I really don't fucking know anything better and continue to be drawn to people who treat me badly. My boyfriend now will tire of my anxious neurotic ass eventually, I'm sure, and then I will be fully alone.

I'm done. I have no idea where my future is going to go after this. I thought I knew what I wanted to do, but now I don't think it will be possible. So what, I will just have to live a fucking boring empty shell of a life, working low wage jobs that I fucking hate, allowing others to push me around, and continuing to fall in with one abusive person after the next to top it all off? This is what a person gets for going out of their way their entire life to be kind to others. This is it. I am done letting others push me around, and the only way that I see myself escaping from the awful cruelness that is other people is through just fucking dying and getting it over with. I'm an Atheist, so I don't have any belief in an afterlife, just the release of sweet eternal nothingland. 

I know several ways of which I could kill myself, however I don't want to disappoint my grandma or my two younger siblings who look up to me. My youngest brother has autism and has always been a big softie, and is really one of the only people I've met who I felt is a kindred soul in the way he views the world. I cannot let him down. However, I also cannot continue going on as such. I think that I would like to call the hospital and get a professional to talk to immediately, but I am far too embarrassed to explain to my boyfriend and his mom how terrible I am feeling. 