How are things supposed to get better?In a way, and I know it’s insulting and possibly misguided, I’m jealous of the people who are depressed from their shitty life situation. Maybe they work a dead end job, don’t have a girlfriend,  fail at school, etc. At least they have something to possibly look forward to or a solid way to improve. While maybe they don’t know how to achieve these, or they seem far off, at the very least they can have goals that give them some hope or motivation. I used to be this way when I lived with my abusive parents and spent most of my time working or going to school.

Now here I am. I’ve moved out, I have a good job, I have a girlfriend, I have my life together, in fact I’m doing better than most of the people my age that I know. I’m not saying this to brag, because that doesn’t make me feel better. I’m saying it because despite all this luck and perseverance, every day is fucking awful. I drag myself out of bed tired, I sit in my cubicle thinking about death, go home and distract myself with drugs. On the weekends I actually feel okay, but I spend half of it on responsibilities, and then it’s over and I’m back at work. Oh and I have to fit night school into this schedule somewhere.

I’ve tried many medications, and honestly the only one that has had a positive effect is Kratom, which wasn’t even prescribed to me. I have gone to therapy and might be going back when I find the time and motivation to call therapists and deal with insurance. I know my drug usage, lack of exercise, diet, and nightly routine of Netflix and video games isn’t doing me any favors, but what am I supposed to do about that? I could give it up or cut back on those things to fit in therapy, exercise, interesting activities, and whatever else is parroted as improving depression. Would that really improve my life? My intoxicated nights and relaxed weekends are the only bright spots in my life, so I’m not sure I want to give that up for an unknown or nonexistent increase in quality of life.

Everyone has ideas on what could be improved for a given situation, be it find another job, go back to school, find hobbies, hang out with friends, or the ubiquitous therapy and medication. That’s what I’ve spent years of my life on. When am I supposed to see the effects? Why even bother trying anymore and putting more effort and work into something of questionable return. I’ve given life a try. I really have. I’ve put a lot of work into it, tried plenty of things (more than most people can say, much less at 22), and I don’t want to anymore. Please tell me why I should? I know I’m not in danger of commuting suicide right now as I’m too comfortable and the memory loss from depression and drugs makes the days go by like hours, but all it takes is for me to lose something or slip up and I’ll have all the incentive I’ll ever need. Even if it doesn’t, and I spend the next 60 years in this cycle of boredom, I’d rather spare myself the trouble.

So tell me why I shouldn’t longingly stare at the concrete barrier on the bridge on the way to work on my way back home.

Edit: So either no one cares or I’m shadowbanned for some reason. Fantastic.