I’m not sure why I feel this way.I’m not sure why I feel this way. Like I want to die. I won’t, obviously. I’ve tried it before, and it turned out pretty bad, to say the least. My parents were pissed. I missed two weeks of school. Hospitals suck. But just because I won’t doesn’t mean I don’t want to. Realistically, I have no reason to. I have lots of dreams for the future. My family is pretty good most of the time. I live in a nice, safe area. I have friends. I don’t feel like the world would be worse off without me in it. I make people laugh. And I can be happy. I smile and laugh all the time. Last year, I had reasons. No friends, severe depression, crippling anxiety and panic attacks that forced me to switch schools, and in all honesty, not much to lose. I’ve been suicidal for 3-4 years, in varying degrees. I know it’ll get better soon. I just need to wait. In the future, I’ll live in a camper van with my girlfriend, and nobody will care if I’m a girl too. I can make tea and we can watch the sunset together and look at all the constellations. I can write for a living, so I’ll never be tied down. My whole life can be one adventure after another, freedom at last. But what if it’s not? Writing is so incredibly unstable, so infuriatingly complicated that all my plans could vanish in the blink of an eye. What if girls don’t like me? There’s only one person who’s ever liked me, and he was a total creep. What if I got in an accident, if my only hope at a different life was taken away? If an independent career doesn’t take off, I know exactly what will happen. It’s the same thing that happens to everyone. A boring, but stable job. I’ll probably be a receptionist or a saleswoman, working for too little for too long.     My friends and I will drift apart, with an occasional check in text every four or five years. I’ll get married to a man I don’t love and have kids that I’ll raise wrong, because everyone else does it. I’ll probably get a drinking problem and waste all my money on cheap wine. My husband would probably leave me, and my kids would probably have to stay with me instead of him because the legal system doesn’t work all that well. I’d retire when I was seventy, if I even managed to live that long. Nobody wants to live like that. I want more from life. I know it’s pointless, that everyone dreams a different life but never reaches it. I have so much already. I should be grateful for what I have. I should be grateful for my nice house and my happy family and all my little opportunities I throw away. But I’m not. I’m selfish and greedy and a generally shitty person. The world’s a beautiful place, full of beautiful people and beautiful places and beautiful everything. Someday I’ll see it. Someday I’ll have to accept my broken down, pathetic little life. I’ll have to accept that there really isn’t a meaning to all this, that nobody’ll remember me in fifty years. I’ll be forgotten. Unremarkable. Just another suburban white mom who never really amounted to anything. I don’t really want it to happen, but it’s kind of inevitable at this point. I’m going to leave the house tomorrow. That’ll be good. I got some rollerblades today, so that’s pretty cool. I’ve never had a pair of rollerblades or anything like that before, but I tried them out today and it was pretty fun. I’ll clean my room and call my friends and everything can stay exactly the same. Not quite happy, not quite dead. The world will have to take another day with me in it. I’ll write all the stupid little books and stories I’ll have to write to make a living. I’ll meet a girl I can love, and she can love me back. Tomorrow, things can be a little bit better. So yeah, see you then! Or probably not. But at least I can know I’m alive tomorrow. What a wonderful thought, the opportunity of another day. Goodbye. I hope you all have a wonderful day today. You all deserve the world.