Just cba anymoreI just made a new account for this. My English is not perfect so u know. Most of my life I was alone and scared to do things. My younger years on school I was that kid that looked at the ppl playing football and was always alone by myself. Waiting for the bell to go off so I can go inside and feel less embaresed off being alone. I was really fat at that time and alot of kids  bullied me with it. When I go outside to play football I was always scared for group kids that bullied me and my friend. When I was home my brother used to punch me just for his own fun. So my mom bought something that I can close myself in my room and my borther can't go in. This was my life till I started my study. When I started my study I lost alot of weigth and start training in the gym. The first year of my study I got a girlfriends something i couldn't ever think off. But ofcourse everythings comes to an end and we broke up because she cheated on me when I was away for intership. The rest of my study the bully came back and he and her friends always look at me and trash talked me when they saw me in the corridor. There was even a moment that a friend of her stoped me of going to the toilet. They where standing there with a group infront of the toilet. I got really mad and the guys working on my school there stoped it. For my study I needex to do intership and that was the worst sh*t of my life. I alway felt shit and sad because of the breakup and most of the time I spend was just sitting on the toilet or doing stupid work for them. Finishing my school was really hard because I just cba anymore. I did i but with 1 grade lower than I started with. This was 3 years ago and what i have done in this 3 years is absolute nothing than just feeling sad, alone, gym and game 12+ hours a day. I life with my mom and she always get angry for me doing nothing the whole day she want me to go work but i just can't. 1 day my mom stept a night in my room (because i always gamed the whole night) got really angry and i couldnt take it anymore. I walked outside feeling the worst i ever did in my life. I walked for so long outside looking for a tall building to jump off and end my life (this was my first time really just wanna end it thab just only thinking of it). But every door was closed i wanted to go in. Later i got hungry and wanted to eat in the hospital but was to early so was no food there. I waited there inside for the food but after 45mins i broke and cried in the hospital. Had a hard time breathing so someone there took care of me. I told them my story there and ppl that work with ppl that are suicidal came and talked to me. At the point i got help for it and talk to alot of ppl every week but i just doesnt work. I do this for 1 year now and got medicine but it just doesnt chance anything. All i do is still feel sad and alone so i just game the whole day. It feels like it getting worst and sometimes i even cry for how shit i feel. I try to talk to girls online to get some bit of love but im not good looking also im shit at talking. At the end i just get blocked out of nowhere ur them being arrogant or dont reply. Im being nice to them and just wanna have a good talk but girls these day u need to be perfect to even talk with one... Im 23 now got 1 girl (I was just lucky and she cheated for reason i guess). I am now at the point of thinking to just end it in a not painfull way because i just cant handle this feelings anymore in done with life. I dont care about anyone or anything and I hate every girl with a big pasion. Never met a nice girl they are all b*tches and the worst thing in this life. And if u come with there are ppl that love u trust me idc anymore I just want it to be over.