I need to shareHey everyone. Thought I'd just kinda share what's been going on the past 6 months since I've been on the brink of ending it all for about that long. On mobile, sorry for formatting issues. 

So I was engaged for a while, to a girl I now realize is fucked up and batshit crazy (faking mental illnesses and stuff). We were trying to get pregnant and did. Fast forward to June, and I come home from a buddy's place, and immediately see police pulling into my neighborhood from the window. 

I walk outside to see if it's for my street. They stop directly in front of my house. Two officers get out of said vehicles and approach me. The following interaction occurs. 

PO: "Hey, are you Adam?"
Me:"Yeah, what's up?"
PO:"What's going on with you and your fiance?"
M:"Uhh nothing, I haven't even seen her today, why?"
PO:"Well we got a call saying you slammed her face into the washing machine, kicked in the bathroom door, and took her phone so she couldn't call us."

A bit more banter, and I'm in cuffs, on the way to the station for a crime I didn't commit. Spent the night in jail. Got charged with 3rd degree assault, two counts of criminal mischief, and endangering the welfare of a child. 

I get released the next morning due to not having a record ever, and immediately text the girl I was with before this one, asking if I can come over. She says sure, I go there, end up staying there for a few days. Come back home for an appointment, immediately go back to this girl's house. A couple days go by and we've been talking heavily about our past relationship and agree we really needed each other and still do, so we get back together. Christmas will be 6 months. 

We ended up moving in with her mom. All is fine for about 3½ months. Then my now ex, the pregnant one, has the kid. I'm not allowed to be there and still haven't seen my child due to a restraining order. A week goes by, and she then creates a fake Facebook with my name and profile picture. Uses that to threaten herself and the baby to one of her friends. She makes a police report about that, and now I have a felony criminal contempt charge. 

Fast forward another month. I'm laying on the futon in the basement, my girl next to me working on her business. My phone vibrates. Okay, no big deal, probably just Twitter or something, right?

It proceeds to vibrate about five more times in less than a minute. So I pick it up. Messages on Instagram. From one of my ex's friends. I open the chat, and there are messages I never sent, threatening my ex and the baby. 

I message this person saying it isn't me, which they don't believe. Immediately get locked out of my account. I try to reset the password. Email is changed, and phone number is removed.

Now, I did immediately file a police report about this and was able to get a screenshot of the different email. Haven't heard anything back yet though. 

But I have a court date in about a week and a half, and I'm really not looking forward to it. I don't know what's happening this time but I'm terrified. 

I've come so close to ending my life too many times in the past six months. The first (and only) attempt (so far), landed me in the ER, followed by a three day stay in a psych unit three hours away. Which didn't do anything for me. I'm at a breaking point, and I won't cut cause I don't want anyone to get mad at me, so then my anxiety spikes and I scratch an arm open or something, which triggers me, and makes me want to cut again. 

I'm in a never-ending cycle of misery and I don't see any other way out. 

If you made it this far, thank you for taking the time to read through this. Comments are welcome, even thought this was just a mini life story.