It's my mother's fault.I can hear her crying and screaming at my dad to make me stop. Stop what? What the fuck did I do? I asked to stay out until 11 for a party. I promised not to drink and drive, not to do drugs, to be safe, yet because of that racist confrontation I dealt with yesterday she feels like I need to be shoved into a cage and never let out again. And she wonders why I keep so many things a secret from her.

She does this every time. Ever since I was 10. Treated me like I was a doll when I was good but the moment I did something out of line she was shouting at me, saying I shouldn't have been born, that she shouldn't have ever adopted such a troublesome child. Doesn't remember ever saying those words, of course, why would she? She's a perfect mother according to her friends, according to herself. They don't know about the constant verbal abuse, the constant put downs and "you aren't worth anything" messages she sends my way when she's had too much to drink or gets angry.

Everyone says it's my fault. Says that if I just didn't make her angry, if I just was a better child, she wouldn't have to get mad. They say that I can't take anything she says to heart because "emotions like anger are strong and you have to forgive people who get mad". But can I? Can I fucking forgive a mother for telling her 12 year old daughter that "it would've been better if your biological mom had just aborted you" and say that she said it out of anger and it doesn't matter? Of course not.

I've gone to therapy for 3 years almost and she still thinks it's for the anxiety and depression I developed in high school due to a difficult brother who I haven't seen in several years. She has no idea that the only times I've cried in front of my therapist were memories of my own mother throwing cups and dishes at me and my dad, screaming at us before leaving and not returning until days later. She doesn't know that I talk about the fear and anxiety I have about waking up, not knowing if she's in a good mood or not. She doesn't know that I have abandonment issues because she would leave so often when I was little and lock herself in some hotel for my dad to go find. She doesn't know that my first go to method that I would use to take my life was one she introduced me to, locked in the bathroom while her 13 year old daughter desperately banged on the door and begged her not to kill herself. She doesn't know I cry every time I remember my 15th birthday when I woke up and the house was empty because my brother had run away due to a fight that had broken out and she and my dad had ended up at a hotel the next morning, screaming at each other, and only returned that night in the back of a cop car that had been called to take them away due to the racket.

She doesn't know that the two times I tried to take my life were because I wanted to escape her damn oppression, show her that I was in control, not her. I tell her I need to move out, that it'd be best for both of us, but she threatens to keep, even hurt, my dog, threatens to cut me off from the family and never let me talk to my dad again, all because I want to move to the apartments 10 minutes from the house. My dad looks so tired, trying to keep her anger from hitting me full on, even lets his marriage with her fail more and more in order to be that shield. But I don't want him to do that, I don't want him to have to feel like he needs to protect me from the one person in the world who shouldn't be attacking me.

She has no fucking clue how scared of her, how angry I am at her, how given up on life I feel because of her. I don't want to die, I don't want to kill myself, but if I ever do, I want someone, just one person, to know it was my mother's fault.