I want OUT!!!(New to Reddit so here goes) 

Today I woke up with extreme anxiety and suicidal thoughts. Just like I did for years now.

My chest just keep s on hurting, my head is always humming with accusations of how dysfunctional I am.

I'm 26, currently a student and I'm failing my studies. I barely work at my job so I can work on my project, yet I'm still behind..

Even though I was supported financially by my Grandfather  I'm failing him..

I go to college almost everyday, even when there's no one in class, to work but no matter what I do it's not enough..

I come from a poor background (even now I support my mom and baby sister when I can as my mom is going through an ugly divorce, she barely takes care of herself and looks 52 at the age of 43 which freaks me out), so succeeding in my studies is important. 

My mom is no help herself, she's struggling so I can't turn to her..

My grandfather  doesn't understand the concept of depression . I once made the mistake of telling him about my suicidal thoughts..He honestly asked me is I'm insane..

I went to the psychiatrist and took anti depressants for about 3 years and suffered terribly from side effects. (Now I'm off after 1.5 years of trying to quit). 

I'm seeing a therapist  for 4 years now but when I sink in the suicide rut she seems helpless and unable to guide me out. She does a lot for me, checking in on me asking me to call her if I have thought but I can't burden her with myself on a daily basis beyond our meetings...

Even my boyfriend of 8 years is at a loss..he honestly doesn't know what to do with me anymore so he just goes through the motions. He, like the rest of the world have no time to pause for those who are frozen in place by pain and fear.

(He does try but he's not listening. Not really).

I can't turn to ER with my suicidal thought in my country in fear of being mistreated, admitted against my will and later stigmatized while looking for a job. (My therapist advised me against it for those reasons).

At college and work everyone avoids 'negative talk' and I always have to smile and mask myself. To the question "How are you" there is only one valid answer and it's always positive. Honestly, will people please stop asking if the don't wish to know? It's not as polite as our culture teaches.

I've been battling with this since age 8. I'm very tired. I really can't go on like this! this has to stop one way or another.

I need a guide. An actual guide. I don't want people to "be there for me" while passively holding my hand and feeling sorry for me.

I need someone to tell me how to get out of this black hole! Instructions! 

I cannot keep self harming just to get by day by day! 

Thank you for letting me share