Giving up consciouslySo here I am, Depressive for years and the feeling to have a Problem which is too complex to make any therapist understand, I can't describe it or even understand it myself, but it feels like there is something inside me which always pushes me a step closer to my grave.


I don't feel anymore, I'm not able to bear my feelings, so i decided to stay on drugs instead. It's bearable like this, but feeling nothing isnt better at all, it feels terrible to be honest, the last time i cried was the day my father died, that was in may last year,since then i didnt lost a single tear, not because I feel good, it's horrible i wish to cry but I can't. My feelings are simply too much for me like a pressure from inside and the onliest way i found to handle them is cutting myself open but since 3 or 4 months i dont do it daily anymore, i started to cut myself open really deep once a week, it's like a pressure building up and their is just 1 valve. I tried so many things to stop with it, but even after 2 psychiatric residents I couldn't stop. And my inside enemy always tells me to fuck things up and make them worse, so i maybe find atleast the courage for suicide.


The reason why I can't change is because inside I don't want to change when i see the decision between life and death, death is so tempting to me. I never was able to life, I always was too weak for it and run away, at all I didn't realize that all this running away didnt made it easier, no it just became harder to find an entrance into life, but now I am here. 18 years and feels broken from life, a broken body and a broken soul, when i see the way i had to go to find into life i lose every courage. suicide seems so much easier to me and thats the reason why i always make things worse, like stopping to take my pharmacys, I dont want to climb on that mountain, I just want to jump down that cliff behind me.


The reason I wrote here is because the brother of a friend of mine tried to kill himself with a car a few days ago and until today I can't forget how he looked after he heared that from his father, I can't forget his reaction and im afraid of what im doing to my friends and family with my suicide, but can't those people understand how much i suffer?


For years now i try, only for them, but it cant work and im so tired of this propaganda about life, everywhere I hoped to found some unprejudiced information about suicide just said the same things, everywhere u read the same shit, but none of it ever touches me, for me it looks like humanity is lying themselves with all this " You only have 1 Life" and "Everything ends" or "Every Problem can be solved". I don't care if anyone can help me, I just dont want to suffer this way anymore.