The creeping has caught up to meEver since I can remember I've been nihilistic about the future and gradually my depression has gotten worse. I thought when I occasionally thought about suicide back in high school that that was as bad as it gets and I'll be fine but with every passing day of my life it's just gotten worse. I've never wanted to love, there's nothing I want - no partner, no kids, nothing to accomplish. I've never had a reason to stay except things weren't hard enough to warrant leaving. I was living at home and surviving but every day getting closer to working has been worse. Went to uni to delay having to work so I could get welfare for study. Study got harder and harder and I wasn't that interested so I haven't finished my bachelor, I still have a subject left.   Now my full time Uni time is over, I have to work and nothing can bring me to want to do it. I've had a few jobs over my life including retail, hospitality and farming so I do have experience I just don't want to work, for a future where I'm still alive where all I'll be doing is working. All my life is is staying alive. If I have to work to do that I'm just gonna end up killing myself. I don't think depression is a valid reason for disability support so I'm left with three choices: 
1-work and support myself for the next ~60 years but that thought makes me want to end it now. 
2-become homeless so I can at least be alive so my former (been reclusive for over a year now) friends and family don't feel bad, feel like they should have done something, like if I ended it but this would give them a chance to suffer through trying to help me 
Or 3- just end it now and leave a note explaining everything and hope everyone can accept my situation. 
Honestly I wish you could talk about suicidality without the fear of being locked up in a mental hospital or whatever they do but you can't so you have to keep it in until it wins. 
And it feels like it's about to win. 
Got an appointment at 9am tomorrow and if I don't make it I won't get my benefits, but I don't think I'll be able to sleep as is normal for me so I'll toss and turn until around 4am an be expected to wake up at 7:30 to get ready to leave. I know I can't do this for 3 weeks straight but I'm left with little choice. Is suicidal thoughts a valid reason to get a doctors certificate for missing an appointment with welfare people's? I'm just sitting here scared I won't be able to get myself there on time and that I'll be homeless this time next month. Any advice? Help? I don't know.. 