I'm lost and don't know where to look, too scared to find my way out.I'm honestly not sure where to begin but I've felt disconnected from everything around me the past few years, or maybe *too* connected. I don't want to speak with others about my feelings because the last time I tried it ruined friendships, or perhaps that's just what I told myself out of a sense of shame. I don't have anyone in my life that I feel comfortable sharing these thoughts with, nobody that I would consider close to me, that I can depend on for support. I know there are people in my life that would probably be willing to help me but I can't bring myself to trouble anyone else with my personal matters and I continue to suffer as a result.

To be completely honest I don't even know where my problem originates from. I live what I consider to be a pretty decent life, my family is supportive of me and I'm a student at a well regarded university, learning a subject that I'm interested in. However, I feel like a complete failure in every aspect of my life. I beat myself up over everything imaginable, whether it's a small mistake or future aspirations.

My life feels meaningless and I don't know where I'm going. I have no solid long term goals because I can't imagine myself being alive long enough to achieve them. I'm sure many of you know what I'm talking about; the comforting thought that if all else goes wrong, death is always an easy way out. However, there's still things in life that I find pleasure in and I'm scared to lose the little things that bring me some joy.

I know there are probably plenty of ways for me to bring my life together. I'm still young and have many opportunities ahead of me, but I can't bring myself to seek them out. I'm scared to look ahead at what's to come, and these thoughts are killing any dreams that I could hope to have.

I've always had problems with overthinking things as I somewhat mentioned earlier. Self-hatred and doubt seem to occupy my mind and prevent any positive feelings from sticking around for too long. I feel like there's genuinely something wrong with my brain because I see no reason for me to feel this way, yet here I am.

If I had to guess, I think I may be suffering from OCD, but I'm scared to come to terms with anything of the sort. The reason I think this is because from the accounts I have read from various other people and sources, my experiences seem to be very similar. I've had trouble with anxiety attacks and extremely obsessive thoughts for a few years now that recur every few months. I have an uncomfortable obsession with doing things in "threes", and sorting my thoughts in that number seems to make me feel better. I often repeat certain phrases or patterns in my head to the point of exhaustion to help myself focus on something, often something insignificant anyways. I know that the disorder seems to be associated with hand washing and stuff but I've heard that it can be mostly mental too. However, I don't want to be that guy who self-diagnoses and assume that I have something that I don't so I try to avoid bringing this up, but I really want to get it off my chest already. I want to try getting checked but I'm not sure how to go about doing that, and frankly I'm terrified that I might have nothing wrong with me at all and that my brain is playing tricks on itself.

Well, I hope that sharing my thoughts somewhere, anywhere, will make my head feel a bit lighter. I honestly don't see myself going on much longer, I'm completely disheartened and my future seems desolate.

Thank you to those who may have read any of this, means a lot to me.