Long term plan (20F)Nothing urgent or special but I just felt like ranting on reddit to strangers again. I'm just bored, tired, desperate, in a lot of pain, you know, the typical stuff, trying to distract myself from taking more phenibut (you can do it!!! no phenibut for tonight, no more, wait till the middle of the week or at least tomorrow, you got this!! lmao) . I can't see myself living past my 40s, even if things do get better I wouldn't mind dying, I've lived long enough, way longer than I thought I would, I'm even content with where I'm at right now, I have no real direction/passion in life at this point. In my teenage years I couldn't even see myself living past 18, that soon became 19, then 20. At some point around senior year of high school I realized what a waste it would be if I can't finish college and get a job and take care of my parents (who deserves so much better and invested everything into my education). I am also doing really well at school right now, like surprisingly well, despite all the crap that's always in my head 24/7. Of course there are still things I wanted to do/try, like modeling or developing a game, but they're not my priorities and I would be fine without them. I lost my passion for piano and visual arts, everything I do just feels empty. I'm just going to give the last 20 years of my life one last push, if that makes sense. Make a lot of money, die pretty, maybe with an exit bag. Make sure that the money I've made is enough to feed and care for my parents and loved ones for the rest of their lives.  Climb the corporate ladder if I have to, suck my boss's dick maybe for that promotion, get a sugar daddy, I don't know, maybe even deal drugs or go for prostitution but that's a little too unstable. Of course it is still selfish of me to leave them behind like that, and I'm sure they'd be devastated, but hey, never asked to be born! I'm just in a lot of pain, all the time, my whole life. Of course there were moments where I was genuinely happy, and I do see the beauty in living and being alive and sniffing flowers and all that but death is liberating and living is overrated.