Please give me a reason not to end it allSuicide is my only option. 

23 years old. I've never had a girlfriend or had sex and I'm horrible with girls. I get moments of confidence but it gets smashed easily. I pretty much have social anxiety and it's fucked my life over many times. I've become so bitter towards women that it's unhealthy. All i want is female companionship. 

No direction. I've dropped out of college once and am about to again. I hated my programs and what they taught.   I have no clue where to go academically. I'm atrocious at math, so that limits my options. Other programs either aren't interesting or useless degrees. I was interested in trades but im horrible at math. 

My anxiety and depression is crippling. It holds me back from doing things. I always think of the worst scenario possible and overthink things. This cannot be controlled in my experience. 

Im in physical pain. Physical activity has helped me, but I can't even do that now. I apparently suffer from a muscle imbalance from poor posture. It's affected my pelvis and given me rounded shoulders. I'm in pain everyday. It's not much but its there. My knees feel weak and my gait is thrown off. My back aches at times. I lift stuff at my job so it's not comfortable. 

My worst fear was osteoarthritis. Had a shoulder mri done which showed small degeneration at age fucking 23. I've been also having some burning in my leg. I'm terrified of what complications can arrive : nerve damage, scoliosis, joint replacement, herniated-disk. Terrified of irreversible damage. 

I've been doing physio for 3 months with minimal improvement. Who knows what future mris will show on my back and knees? I just have to wait and the anxiety is killing me. I want to beg my parents for an mri at a private clinic so it'll be faster 

Im just a loser. I don't drive, have a crap job, minimal education apart from high school, little friends. Best friend moved away for school and my others are drifting away. I'm left out and excluded,partly due to the fact that they hang out with another guy. He was my former friend who told me to kill myself and tgat it would've been good if I did. 

My day is spent obsessively researching my symptoms and different university programs. I have lost complete interest in all things i used to before like soccer, video games, exercise. I have very supportive parents, but I don't want to bug them for money to go to physiotherapy, money for school, advice etc. 

Worst case scenario: I have nerve damage, arthritis and irreversible/impossible to find and diagnose health problems that hinder me for the rest of my life. I don't go to school, end up unemployed or working a crap job. Poss commit suicide. 

Best case scenario: Physiotherapy works, I'm over analyzing my thoughts on permanent damage to my body. Symptoms improve, go to school and graduate in something i actually like. 

Im scared of going to hell if I commit suicide, but I'm so deeply disturbed and worried. I attempted suicide 2 years ago by swallowing pills. Now I'm getting more serious thoughts of jumping or slitting my throat or hanging. If I had a gun, I'd have already committed suicide.