Good byeHey you, I don't know you and you sure as hell don't know me.

This goodbye probably doesn't mean anything to you, plus I didn't bother to read through the rules of this sub so this may or may not be taken down. It's been hard and it's just just getting harder and it's weakened me too much.

Ever since I was just a small innocent child things were bad. Almost every day I was stuck in the middle of my parents fighting each other for years, I'd hide under a table while my parents shouted at eachothe about their marriage and how having children was a mistake. Maybe having me was a mistake. I remember one morning I was sitting down at the dining room table eating breakfast and hear my mother become hysterical upstairs and then run out of the house into the backyard screaming to the sky, I don't remember the words she screamed but later I learned my oldest brother had attempted suicide. I don't remember a lot of things about my childhood, after years of trying to forget so many memories, they've been coming back to me. As a kid I was socially isolated and it stuck with me to this day. I have no friends, I haven't had one my entire life, I panic on the inside even saying one word to people I don't know. I've been thinking about how maybe if I was different and tried to talk to people when I was little,maybe I wouldn't be a social outcast today. Their are so many opportunities I've missed and thrown away and it hurts. I'm a waste of life, my whole life I've been trapped in my own body and I constantly wish that I was someone else. All I can hope for now is that when I die I can come back as a good person that people actually like and care about. If you knew my age you'd definitely say I'm too young, way too young, but why should I stay and wait when things around me have just be crumbling down including myself. I've been crumbling down and know it's like I'm just dust and now it's time for the wind to take me.

I hope you, you reading this have a good life, and if things are bad that it turns around for you. Don't be me. Love yourself

I love you