I’m an idiot I accidentally made fun of a suicidal friendI don’t know what to do and I don’t know if this is the right place to post this.. 
I’m sorry if it’s wrong and I can delete it if it shouldn’t be here 

I have this friend that is currently living in a country very far from his family and also in a state that is a bit further from the city. He’s currently working and saving up money. Due to covid and the whole lockdown he’s been quite secluded and every now and then we would chat very little about the whole thing. 
(I guess I’m just a straight idiot for not asking him more about it, checking how he’s doing more regularly.. I’m just realizing I’ve been too selfish for not doing that)
Anyways today he told me he can’t leave the town he’s in to visit someone he knows in a city kinda nearby bc lockdown and his birthday is this weekend so he was very sad and mad about it, and that his boss told him that if he finds out that he goes to the city, he will get fired. So I told him that his boss kinda has a point bc is quite dangerous to leave to a city that is in high risk of getting infected. And he said that it isn’t fair because it’s not illegal to go. And somewhere around there he said “well the amount of suicide rates is the same or more than the amount of deaths by covid” and I replied “don’t start speaking like a boomer or I’ll kick your ass” 
Then he said “well only if you knew how it feels to be so secluded and not having anyone but you will not know because you’re with your family and pets and you might be bored but at least you have people with you” 
And I explained to him that I referred to what he said about comparing situations that it’s not the same, and I totally not know what he’s going through, but I know he’s mad about what’s happening but there’s not much we can do about it. 
And then he said “I’m trying to tell you I’m having suicidal thoughts and your answer was calling me boomer. Let it be known” 
After that I was shocked because I didn’t read that in his message, I got it from the other side: the people that think that covid is not that bad, etc etc and I explained that to him and told him I’m sorry I didn’t get what he said the first time and that I would never make fun of someone going through suicidal thoughts (except of myself) and I was very sorry and if I could do something to help him and told him some ideas to maybe FaceTime (even though where he lives there’s no wifi) and he hasn’t replied. 
I hate myself for not being careful enough, some parts of myself tell me it wasn’t my fault because he redacted the idea in a different way to what he meant.. and other part of me thinks I’m just a straight dumbass for not asking him more about how he feels or what’s he’s living. 
Before those texts I thought he was doing good because he found a girlfriend in the city nearby and maybe things were going better? But apparently aren’t and I’m afraid I lost his friendship and I don’t like that I don’t know how to help him. And I hate that he’s feeling that way. Suicidal thoughts are the worst. I freaking hate them. 
I’m having so much anxiety and I feel like I’m close to a panic attack
Also I don’t know if this is relevant but I have those thoughts every now and then and in my chest I feel like a massive pressure when thinking about this topic but also now it’s intensified because my friend is going through that and I don’t want that for him