A title insinuating I am committing suicide urgently that results in your clickingAlright I’ll keep this short and to the point, not because I respect your time but because I hate you all and desire efficiency resulting in quicker death.

First order of business, I have concluded that I must logically commit to the concept of cutting my time left as a human being much shorter than my possible capabilities.  I choose this not because I have any form of tragedy or made up fabricated reason I deserve to be pitied from internet strangers, but for the reason of hating you all as well as myself. Not for personal reasons, In fact to put it as honest and blunt as possible just because you’re somehow not as good as my dog who is far far superior to you all and I combined.

Second order of business, I shall definitely have to postpone my first order of business for now atleast due to the reason being my dog, who is factually far superior than you all can ever be, would probably not approve of my near demise and in fact he would probably do some dog like action aimed at preserving my life.  It has been concluded that because of my very handsome furry black dog and for him alone, I will postpone the aforementioned behavior even though I was never even certain to be committed to doing so in the first place. 

Anyhow, if any of you feel like you might want to commit suicide, I can assure you, please do not act on such bogus thoughts as my dog and probably your potentially existent dog would definitely not agree with the idea of suicide. 

To summarize, us as humans are nowhere near intelligent enough to understand the god like logic of my dog and or your dogs, which brings me to the conclusion that we must just bare the agonizing and uncomfortable responsibilities of dragging on our boring, uneventful, possibly even agonizing experience living out our natural lives out of the simple owed respect to our far superior dog leaders.

Feel free to replace the word dog with any other animal if it better suites your life, but leave my dog there plz.

You’d be a massive dick to just leave your dog there with the responsibility of being holy and awesome without a human servant (you) to perform constant pets of respect. 

Statement is finished.