I'm not really sure what the point of trying isim a college art student, 21, chronically ill with severe bipolar, ocd and a bunch of trauma from domestic violence thanks to a stepdad. its like never a great time, school work and regular work is always hard bc of mental/physical bullshit 

&amp; because im poor and I was an idiot who went to a sort of expensive school, and even with all of my financial aid and how much I work I still can't afford it 

in my sophomore year I took a semester off to go to a state school instead, and it just ended up fucking up my credits at my main school so now I'm even further behind, which just thankfully adds to my stress, because its not like I need more right ???????? so now not only am I practically failing everything (C's &amp; D's in art classes, like its not even college physics, I'm failing literally the only skill I'm good at) I'm also losing financial aid and time to fix everything because I can't afford to stay in school, and its just 

any normal person would just leave school at this point and work a normal job - but I literally can't - leaving school (and my job I have with the school) puts me back in bumfuck nowhere with no transportation or marketable skills ( I'm an art major!!!! there's nothing for me anyway!!!), and I know this, I've tried it, and every summer and winter break when I'm forced to leave and go back home to my family is hell and that's literally all I have left without college 

I'm working myself literally to death to try and keep myself here, to keep myself out of my home life, to keep myself out of mental health wards they keep checking me into (I've got at least 3 attempted suicides under my belt starting from 8th grade and my most recent one is this past summer) 

I take my meds. I work hard. I just want to stay in school, to have a diploma. to graduate from the school I spent so long trying to get into because it meant a better chance, because art isn't exactly the most lucrative business but its the only thing I'm good at and I'll have almost no opportunities otherwise

and I still 
can't
seem
to do anything right at all 

I'm so at a loss. I'm tired of begging for money from the few relatives that aren't shit or borrowing from friends because even though I work 3 jobs I still cant make ends meet, of getting calls from the bank or hospital saying my loan application was denied or my bill for my shitty health is this much, I'm tired of being useless and in so much pain all the time, I'm tired of hearing my mom say "well at least you're doing well in school, right" when the best I've done all semester is like a 67 

and I hate and am so utterly terrified of what happens when I leave this little bubble of protection that is college for me. I'm just so tired and I'm so angry at myself for even trying in the first place. its not worth it, it will never be worth it, and I should have just ended it back in 8th grade because there is literally nothing for me in this shit hole of an existence. I'm so. done 