I don't care anymoreI'm a 30 year old woman who has a good job and a boyfriend that I love very much. Unfortunately, he has been suicidal, and since his last attempt I have felt awful. I haven't been able to work. I stopped dieting and started binging in secret. I started exercising maniacally to make up for the extra food. I also started seeing a therapist, which has not helped. She seems to be angling for me to leave my boyfriend, which I don't want to do.

I've lost most of my friends, so I don't feel like I have anyone to turn to. My parents care about me, and so does my boyfriend, but I feel like everyone would be better off without me around, except maybe for my mother. My boyfriend would be able to find someone nice who didn't cling to him, my ex-friends would be glad they wrote me off when they did, and only my family would really be truly sad (but my brother would finally feel like he wasn't the family screw-up).

I can't even bring myself to work. My job is flexible so I can coast a lot, which is what I have been doing. I haven't cared for awhile. This morning I woke up and didn't want to get out of bed. I consider it an accomplishment that I left the house today. This shouldn't be an accomplishment.

My boyfriend is away and I am considering just getting rid of myself before he gets back. I tried calling a suicide hotline but they were really unhelpful. I don't really know what to do. When will it get better? What can I do right now to not feel this way? 

It is worth noting that I never felt suicidal until my boyfriend went crazy a few months ago. I handled it very badly and really damaged our relationship. I don't think he'll ever love me the way he did before I got mad at him for being suicidal. I argued with him and made him feel unloved. I regret what I did very deeply and don't know how to move past it.

I don't want to tell him how I feel because he needs me to be the strong one in our relationship right now. I don't want to tell my therapist because I don't think being committed would help me. I don't want to do my work because it just doesn't matter: no one cares if I succeed or fail. I just want to get in bed, eat potato chips, get fat, and never leave my house again.