Maybe its just the drunk me, but I just don't feel like livingTonight was something I never wish to repeat ever again. I have seen something things tonight I want to never see again. I have never been a guy to feel much of anything, let alone express them. Alcohol seems to bring out the depression, but at least its something that's why I only drink once and a while.

Tonight I opened my house to my friends who were too drunk to go home or drive, I made sure everyone had either a bed, a couch, or a guaranteed ride home with a sober driver. Tonight made me realize just what the fuck am I doing with my life. The girl, which up until tonight I wanted to fuck so hard words can not describe; I've been texting her literally non-stop for the past couple of weeks told me she was coming to my house with condoms and planned on getting drunk....with me. Alright, sounds good, dream come true.

Tonight I got somewhat drunk, not too drunk. Tonight made me realize how terrible my friends are, this girl included. Tonight I walked in on one of my best friends gettin it on. Tonight I walked in on the girl of my dreams gettin it on. Tonight I saw one of my best friends and this girl on top of each other, something I will not I will not be able to remove from my head. Tonight, I'm making sure everyone is alive in my house. I'm changing sheets, pillows, blankets, anything else that has been thrown up on. Including both of them. Tonight made me recalculate my decisions, my goals, my dreams, everything. Tonight I literally have no place to sleep. None. My past out friends are occupying every corner of my house. What the fuck do I get out of this? A heartwarming thought that all of my friends are alive? Sure sounds good, but why don't I feel this? All I feel is depressed. Its more than what I've felt in the past. Much more, I can actually feel it.

So now I'm sitting here in a house full of past out bodies, puke and blankets/sheets that need to be changed. Why do I even do this shit? Why do I put up with it? This life is only bringing sadness and heartbreak. Why the fuck am I still living? Whats the point? I just don't wanna deal with this shit anymore. What am I getting out of it? I'm tired of all this bullshit.

Edit: Sure, there might be other fish in the sea, but whats the point? The other 20 fish will just take a dump on you, then puke on you while try and make sure they are still alive.