Killing myself with foodHi.  29/F/throwaway.  This morning I weighed 426.4 pounds.  I had a pulmonary embolism 3 years ago and haven't made any changes, and I'm no longer on recommended blood thinners (stopped after less than 6 months) because I never went to a specialist, I don't want to deal with it all.  I started back at college this summer but walking around campus is too much.  I got a cold a couple weeks ago and haven't been able to breathe enough to walk to classes.  I was already doing poorly in chemistry because I don't know how to study.  Anyway my lungs and legs hurt again, and I have dermatillomania and often my blood comes out of my leg already looking like jelly.  I know I'm messed up inside, I hurt all over.  I skipped classes again today and haven't done any coursework, I'm going to fail out and the loans I took are going to be collected and I won't be able to get them again.

Last week I went to the school's group therapy, and they were talking about stuff like how they're scared to be alone with people and it messes with romantic relationships.  Romantic relationships?  I could die in my sleep tonight.  I plan to go back but I don't know how much they can help me.  They got me to tell them some stuff (depression, no motivation, skipping classes but I didn't tell them the physical reasons for that) but I cried on the way home because I realized my biggest problem and I didn't tell them, it's that I fucking hate myself.  I'm a shit person.  I'm afraid of death but I can't imagine this can continue much longer and I don't know how to change.

Last night was scary because of the leg pain and lung pain and shortness of breath.  I woke up at one point just feeling very strange and wondering if something was happening, but I didn't do anything about it at the time.  Today I began with eating healthier but that didn't last.  I plan to give my brother my junk food tonight but since it's still here I keep eating some.  Anyway I work at a grocery store and I get rid of food all the time and just buy more, especially if it's a good price.  I'm working too much to do well in school and I hate my job.  I wish I could quit but I'm worried about health insurance.

So, it's imperative that I change but I don't know how.  Food is the best thing in my life, the only thing I look forward to.  I feel as hopeless as the worst junkie.  What do I do.