I'm sorry. I'm so so sorry.              Hi, again. This may be the wrong subreddit for this kind of thing, but... I just got out of a long bout of suicidal behaviour. And, if it weren't for someone I hold dear to my heart, someone with whom I could not have survived without, I would not be here writing this post today. Which may have been as easily avoidable if it weren't for my foolishness. Allow me to elaborate.
            I am 16 years old, and have suffered from depression for the past four years because of a lot of traumatizing events. A few months ago, I started having a recurring dream. It gradually became more intense but always stopped at a certain point. Until finally, one day, it continued past that point and I ended up dying in it.
            I was frightened, so I confided in a good friend of mine, whom I considered (and still consider) a very very close friend that I could trust. 








I can't type that shit anymore. Basically, I have hurt someone who I love more than pretty much anyone or anything else in the world because of my stupidity, and I want to make it right again, but she's taken all measures to avoid talking with me, and I really want to make it right with her. I don't know what to do, guys. Should I just give her space and wait? Or should I try and get to talk to her as soon as I can? I don't want to bother her if time is all she needs. But I don't want to wait for a month. Honestly, I don't think I could handle this all without her. I wouldn't kill myself; after I saw what I'd done to her just be considering it, I'd never even let the thought enter my mind. I just wouldn't be able to live my life properly anymore. She's too important to me to forget, and I can't just let this go away. X-post this wherever you may see relevant, fellow Redditors. I'm in dire straits...

 I want to show you that I won't ever do that again, Aliya. I won't ever think about that; no matter what the word may bring me. It's not worth what I've done to you or will do to anyone else. I don't want to lose my best friend. Ever. You're not a redditor, but maybe somehow this message might find its way to you... I love you. I love ever so much, and if you don't want anything more to do with me, than allow me at least one last conversation.