Honesty, for once. That is what this week has brought me too. (Bitter laugh) I realized today, that even on here, where I thought I could truly be honest, I was still lying. Lying because I was still playing a half-truth, only showing part of myself-the part I think everyone will like and will respond to. Because I think I will be rejected if I am ever truly honest. But I am tired of wanting to hurt myself, kill myself, or hurt others. I can't get these violent urges out of my mind. It's like I am two people living in one body. Part of me is the person who hates to see people hurting, who wants to be that one person who is there for them, to help heal them. This part of me wants to be happy and peaceful, this part of me loves beauty, art, nature, hugs, smiles, and deep feelings. But then there is this other part of me-this horribly DARK part of me that hates the idea of emotion, that hates the idea of life, that loves blood and death, and craves pain-both mine and that of others. This part of me loves the night because it feels like my own, like I own it, like I am alive then. This part of me hates doing anything she would consider "mundane" like spending time with family or friends, listening to peoples problems, working a job or finishing college. This part of me finds people-and myself-disgusting because it seems like everything we do is a lie, a pretense we put on to survive. This part of me wants to take a knife to everything, but I only let her hurt me. 
Sometimes life just gets so bad, that that darker part of me grows so strong that I feel like I am going to explode, and during those times I can't even interact with people or do my daily work because I am in such inner turmoil I can't even think. I have no one  to help me with this. The pressure builds so much, I find myself agreeing with the monster inside me that it would be so much simpler to just end it, that way it would be satisfied and I could find some peace finally. I am sick and tired of feeling nothing but this pain, this chaos, this confusion, this darkness and fear and panic, the hiding just below the surface, ready to ask for help, but no one dares really ask me if I am ok. I need help with this-I can't do it on my own. But I don't want to go through rejection again. Every time I open up, I end up realizing that the person I told doesn't really care if I get better-they just start avoiding me, like they are afraid of catching my disease and it ruining their day. Fuck. I can't live like this. I know part of me is a good person, I just wish I could get rid of that  other part-I think I have it because the good part of me felt so much fear she needed someone stronger to help her, but now this "strong" part has turned against me-and threatens to consume me  completely. I am so confused by this life. 