My suicide would be justified because of the ways I've hurt the people closest to meWe were just 18 years old and I was a selfish and jealous boyfriend. I never laid a finger on her but the emotional pain and manipulation I inflicted upon her was clear. I was a troll, I was a person who felt underappreciated by everyone around me, and I turned these feelings into acts of provocation and a boundless sense of entitlement. Flash forward five years later, we have graduated college and we are still together. We moved across the country together. I have matured, I've gained insights about the world around me, the struggles of people less fortunate than me, and I would like to think that I have become a more empathetic person. I have realized I am not the center of the universe. The past is all behind us. she tells me that the past doesn't matter because I have changed into a better person. She thinks the early conflict of our relationship was almost a good thing, because it sparked such a significant change in my personality. She loves me, and I love her, and I don't know what I would do if I didn't have her in my life. 

But none of that changes the fact that I am still haunted by the things I've said and done in the past. Haunted by the person I was in the early days of our relationship, how unfathomably selfish I was, how I could say and do such vile things to the person who I love more than anything in the world. She says I need to stop punishing myself for what I've said and done in the past, because all that matters is that I am a good person going forward. but I think this is what I deserve. This pain that I am writing about is my punishment and I have finally realized it. I'm not a criminal and I'm not a violent person, but I still am unable to eat because of a fixation on the past. Why doesn't her forgiveness satisfy me? Why do I still feel worthless because of the mean things I did when I was barely a legal adult? Why hasn't the slate wiped itself clean yet!!! What do I have to do?

 I just know that if I were to leave this earth it would be justifiable, as I would never be able to inflict emotional trauma onto another sweet caring person. One reason that I haven't done it yet is because I know that if I were ever to commit suicide it would give her the same type of emotional trauma that haunts me almost every day, and I could never condone that type of action on the person I love most. 

So I guess I am now forced into a life plagued with guilt, where I will always have to live with the memories of what a jerk I used to be half a decade ago. A life where the high point of my week is embarrassing myself in front of my therapist with incoherent rambling like the kind you're reading right now. A life where I take my pills every morning with the futile hope that maybe one day I might not have to feel this way anymore 