i am going to kill myself if i fail this semesteri am a nursing student and am in my very last semester. i was supposed to be finished in May, but i failed a class by 0.06% and had to repeat it, leading to this extra semester. i am currently failing this last semester (we are only allowed to fail and repeat one class, so i will be kicked out of the program if i fail this one too). My mental health has been deteriorating, but i physically cannot bring myself to ask people for help. i saw a therapist for the first time in my life (for two sessions) and my biggest fear came true - he invalidated me, told me i was making problems for myself and that i just needed to “buckle down and get things done.”

i am not diagnosed with anything because i have never sought out help, but from what i have gathered from research and my education is that i am suffering from depression, dissociative episodes, self-destructive/reckless impulsivity and panic attacks. These things have always been issues for me but lately things are getting dangerous. i am completely reckless with my well-being and i don’t care if something bad happens to me. i feel as though i have been giving friends/family hints as i cannot bring myself to actually ask for help, but nobody seems to see how bad i really am. i know this is my fault, but it is extremely lonely and difficult. 

There are many other factors that have lead me towards wanting to do this, but not passing this semester will be the last straw. i know it sounds dramatic, because it is. But i cannot take any more schooling. i cannot take any more not being good enough. i cannot take anymore pressure and i will not be able to take it if i have wasted the past four and a half years miserable and suffering through this major if i don’t end up passing in the end. 

i don’t want any advice, i don’t want anyone to convince me otherwise. i will never be able to tell anyone in my life, so i am writing it here. i know this is the weak way out. i am 100% serious. i am so sorry.