Abusive Relationship Destroyed EverythingMy boyfriend of six months just told me I needed to choose between him and my family. I knew it was an insane thing to ask, and I walked out the door. That was a few days ago, been NC since. But I'm realizing this relationship destroyed so much more than I'd realized. We are both from the same small culture and the same small community for that culture in our region. Everybody knows I was with him, and he is telling people that my "crazy family" is to blame for him "leaving" me. (Incidentally, my family might not have seemed "crazy" to him if he hadn't been openly and consistently rude to them.) His ties in our community are stronger and more authoritative than mine. I can no longer show my face around the community or in our house of worship (or in any of the ones affiliated with ours in the region, because he is connected to all of them). In addition, my career is very tightly linked to this community and is dependent on having good relations with many of our community's institutions. He has destroyed that for me, even going so far as to estrange me from some very important professional contacts, whom he happens to be close to, by making up lies about me. These contacts were really instrumental in helping me build my career. Before I met him, I was developing good relationships with these people and I felt happy that I was getting an opportunity to earn their respect. And now they are against me because of him. On top of all that, the pressure that this man put on my family has caused them to pull away from me, and now they say they are "done with me" because I have "become a different person" even though I am no longer with him. He "changed me," they say, and they want no part of the new person that I have become. 

After six months of him trying to separate me from my family (I stupidly thought I could get him to a point where he would be ok with them), snapping at me, saying mean things to me under the guise of "caring about me," and screaming at me randomly for no reason, I am finally out of this bad relationship, but everything in my life has been shattered by it. My bright future is not what it used to be. He has destroyed my relationship with my family, my career, and my standing in our community. Nothing will ever be good again. 

I have never thought about suicide before, but now I just cannot stop thinking about swallowing a bottle of Tylenol PM with a bottle of vodka and just ending it. Last night I even took my first baby step into "practicing." I've taken Unisom before to help me sleep, even though I know that sometimes it makes my heart feel funny and stop breathing in the night. Normally I'll take 25mg. Last night I took 100. I knew it wasn't nearly enough to kill me, but I just wanted to see what would happen. I know that sounds sick. An hour went by before I had to jump out of bed and vomited it all up (not on purpose). It was very unpleasant. The only thing really stopping me from trying again is the thought that I might actually survive it and be fucked up for life. I work in a field where even a little bit of brain damage would end my career, so I can't afford to fail. Sometimes I think, "What if life gets better?" but I don't see how it could possibly get better after this relationship--with a man I really thought was The One--has not only failed but has also left my life in shambles. 

Thanks for reading.