Not sure I think relief. Relief from the demand the world puts on people, relief from the expectations to be someone. I try my best to be a good person. I try my best to cope with all the stress. But In the end it’s a cycle I’ll never be able to break. A cycle that will never fold, nor differ. What am I to do when the torment of every day becomes too much. What am I to do when I have no one to talk to. And I mean no one. The people I’ve invested everything into have just become another problem that I can’t get out of. Because I’m good. Because I want the best in all situations until I crack under the pressure. Until I can’t take it anymore. I just want to be normal. I wish I wasn’t right. I wish I was negligent  to the world around me and I didn’t see the big pictures I wish I didn’t understand so much. Understanding is Torture. Is never avoidable. I cant turn my brain off. I can’t fix the world. I just want to wake up tomorrow to peace. But it will never happen. No one has an answer. Though the world acts as if they do. What are we to do when depression is too much. What am I to say to myself with I’ve done the math. When I’ve seen the variables set in play and I get that this is how it will always be. I’ll never understand how we got this way. Or why. I’ll never understand the point of this. The point of the constant labor. What’s the end goal of someone that just wakes up. Works. And goes home. What the purpose served. What’s the actual purpose of this horrible existence. It’s a means to an end. But only the threshold of life holds you back. I’m smart. And I mean smart. But yet here I am. Understanding the chaos of my existence. The structured life I had no part in designing. What am I to do. What am I to say. How do I live like this. I can’t force the depression down. I can tell myself everything will be okay. And I’m good, until I start to think. until once again I look at what’s underneath it all. The pain everyone hides. The games we all portray, as if we all don’t feel this. As if we all don’t hurt. But whose the controller. Whose setting this standard for life. Peace is always in the mind, because reality will never let it be.