I have lost (seemingly) everything.I know it doesn't sound like it. I am an optimist at heart. I know I have love in my life, my friends, my family, but etc. I won't have to worry about how they feel about this when I'm dead.

Been suicidal for weeks. My boyfriend, the love of my life, who has issues of his own, removed me from social media, his family won't respond, and completely turned off his phone. I can only assume he's dead or dying (due to his mental health issues and physical heart problems, he won't live too long, and this seems like the end.) 

I have a diagnosed unspecified mood disorder-- but I also have a feeling I may have schizoaffective as well. Had a psychotic break at age 16-- I hallucinate every now and then, and I'm riddled with constant delusions that I'm aware of, but can't control.

I tried to get a job, my literal dream job to keep me distracted from the possible death of my lover. I had an extremely successful interview. Weeks later, I heard from them back. I did not get the job. This was 2 days ago-- I had planned my suicide. Talked to my therapist and people I cared about in my life. Haven't been hospitalized. I am stuck at home, jobless, friendless, all I fucking do is art commissions on the internet, but that's it. 

I can't shake off my thoughts of suicide. I have a whole plan and everything. Really all I'd have to do is write my note and jump off this bridge nearby (couple miles drive). It's a beautiful natural setting which I love so much. I just want to jump and land in the water and live in fantasy instead of what I'm living right now.

What's weird is that I was generally pretty stable today, but, I'm really not right now. I think things are gonna get worse. 

I've talked to my friends, my wonderful friends, but for some reason the comfort of some strangers is what I need right now. I love you all. Please don't call the police on me or anything-- if anything I'll be strong enough to cut myself off before actually DOING it, but this is just to vent my feelings. I cannot stop thinking about my own demise.