I feel so depressed and suicidal whenever i fully understand that the girl i love just doesn't give two shits about me. I don't know what it is. Just crushes me and i burst into tears wanting to kill myself.I mean i would do anything for her.

I would literally be her slave for the rest of my life and if she ordered me to die i would do that too.

I would be her cuck also. Like I'm serious i would literally let her sleep with other and just be her slave.

That's how low I'm willing to fall for her.

But seeing how she doesn't care crushes me.

I am not entitled to her feelings.

I am not normal, she is very much normal and thriving.

I understand all of this.

The thing is there are triggers that break me and make me want to commit suicide.

First and biggest trigger is my dad. Just knowing he exists breaks me. He abused me in every possible way and should be in jail right now.

Second trigger is my mom. She is an entitled, narc, racist homophobic alt right etc etc.

She also abandoned me and was an enabler to my abuse.

She abused me as well. 

Basically third trigger is family in general.

Fourth trigger is loneliness.

Knowing that i don't have any friends makes me feel worthless, i am crying right now just thinking about how dumb and pathetic a person must be to not have a single friend.

It breaks me. Just being alone. Reliving my memories.

And I'm also abroad right now for medicine.

Fulfilling my mom's wet dream of having son who's a doctor.

So she can tell other people " my son is a doctor" and gain prestige.

I hate every second of it.

I hate the studies, but I'm still going on.

I feel like if i get an education. I can become independent and move out and leave my family forever.

The fifth and very very intense trigger is experiencing unrequitted love.

It tears me apart. Drills a hole in my heart.

My tears don't stop

My chest feels heavy

I just can't take it.

The fact that the she does not care.

How could she not love me?

Why?

What's wrong with me?
 
Again i would never do anything to her or to anyone else.

I'm not an incel. I know I'm not entitled to her. I know.

I keep writing in my journal 
"( her name) doesn't love me move on" 

I write this so many times and I've been writing it for months.

But no matter what.

It's the same 

My feelings for her don't change.

And sadly her feelings for me don't change.

She's the most beautiful and amazing girl ever.

She's perfect like an angel.

But i will never be her love.

:(

The sixth trigger is just general existential dread.

I mean no matter what anybody says.

Life in general is just not that big of a deal.

We see insects die daily.

The only reason we think our lives matter is because well we "think" we have a brain

We have a brain and think so we're doomed to find meaning in a place that's just random.

This is why we have governments and religions.

It gives people peace and security and meaning and purpose.

:(

Lol

I feel better after my rant 

:)