I am scared.I’m scared of how many times I thought about suicide yesterday. 
Can I give you some background to my current situation (since March 15)? I have been working full time while also taking care of my toddler. He is almost 17 months old. 
It’s an impossible task to work full time and try to take care of my LO. if you have no concept of this, set a timer for 20 mins to go off for the next 13 hours. But the timer also needs to go off at 5, 7, and 10 min intervals because the wrong video is on, the food is now cold, I want this thing I can’t have, I want your undivided attention, teething, time for a nap, etc etc. 
I worked for 5 weeks, started having debilitating panic attacks and suicidal thoughts. (I have anxiety and depression but it has been in check outside of this pandemic). 
I took 3 weeks off of work. Panic attacks stopped almost immediately, suicidal thoughts gone. I felt like a great mom and wife while I was off. It was magical in comparison. 

I started back at work 2 weeks ago and I’m already back to panic attacks and suicidal thoughts. The workload is INSANE. Even in office this workload would be nuts, but obviously more manageable. I work with clients on the issues they have with a web application we offer. The work sits in my head like a building timer and then the sensory overload of my teething toddler screaming just makes me snap into a panic attack. He’s cutting his 5th tooth since 03/15. 
The daycare (through my work) has given us no indication of a re-open date. Then someone delivered via the grapevine that the daycare may not be reopening at ALL as our company was recently acquired by a new larger company, new company “doesn’t want to take on the cost of the daycare”. 


I really scared myself yesterday. It’s never felt so real.. 
There I was, hiding in my shower, crying, googling the Suicide prevention hotline. 
I wouldn’t call it because, well, fear and shame. Would cops show up until someone came to get my son and they cart me off to my local mental health facility? Would I always be labeled with this tag of someone who can’t be trusted to take care of their own child? My kid can’t even sleep at night without me how am I supposed to just abandon him?

Should I have called that line? What do I do? I can’t keep on at this rate, I am genuinely scared of what could come from this. 

I could quit my job, theoretically... isn’t that a horrible idea considering I should be thankful I have a job with so many millions of Americans out of work? 
I can ask for more time off, I know I NEED to do this, but there is some stupid nagging voice in my head that is afraid to. I need to just tell my boss that I’m back here... 
What is wrong with me?