I can't do it anymore.I've been depressed since I was a kid and back then it kinda made me a little strange. I don't think mom realized it at that time since it wasn't obvious. She was bipolar, among other things, and took lithium at first. When I was a teen it became more apparent and that was when the suicidal thoughts and desires came in. I've attempted suicide a few times over the years since and twice have been on medication. For the past ten years I've tried my best to read self-help books, attend various group meetings, work on personal growth and really see myself, went back to school and am to return in a month to finish my degree. But the pandemic has hastened things too fast in my life that I was unprepared for.

I've lost my job, savings, health insurance, confidence, and desire to carry on. I don't have enough money for rent because I bought the cheapest food I could find. I made too much last year to be considered for aid, even though this is all brought by the pandemic. I cry everyday and beg for my mom to help me - but both parents passed on years ago. I have no one I can turn to. My sister has her own crises to deal with and my boyfriend is in a less than ideal situation as well. I have been chasing my doctor's office everyday this week trying to beg to be seen and prescribed something for my depression and anxiety and all that has resulted is phone-tag. I mean, I'll be homeless, but I'll be able to cope with life with drugs.

I'm a loser and I know it. I never finish anything I start. Hobbies, books, projects... I still haven't finished my degree and at 43 I feel I am way to old to even bother, despite heading back next month to do so. I struggled hard to get where I am and it all went down the toilet with the pandemic. I have been submitting applications and resumes constantly, sometimes up to 12 a day but I usually get no response or a rejection letter (once in a while). My anxiety has flared up to uncontrollable levels that I don't want to leave my apartment to even get the mail. 

Luckily, I have no children, no pets. I am largely estranged from any remaining family aside from my sister, but even that relationship is a facade. I pretend with emojis and gifs and memes. Once in a while, we will send an actual sentence back and forth but it's all very superficial. But I love her, even though she thinks me as a problematic issue and has since we were teens. I know she has resentment for me and I've come to terms with that. I was sick then and I am sick now. It never changed.

Life is far too hard now and I'm sick of hearing people say that I'm only getting the hard bits in life because I'm ready for it. FUCK THAT. I am NOT ready. I have no net in my life, I have nothing. I'm falling down a deep, dark well and I don't know where it ends. I can't do this anymore. I can't be the strong woman everyone thinks I am. I need help and am admitting it for once... and there is none. 

Words on the screen seem so empty and useless - My head is filled with shadows and pain and constant ramblings of how useless, pointless, insufficient my life is and always has been. There is not one thing positive about me anymore. I have long been bored or unhappy about life and the state of the world. Why bother.

My only solution out of this mess is to die. I know two people will be upset, but I have run out of juice and resources and I cannot talk to them about this at all. I love them dearly, but I am a burden in this life and contribute nothing to society anyway.