Nothing is fair.Currently 19, When I was born I was born with something called Marfan Syndrome, it's a somewhat rare disease and it affects everything from my joints to my eyes to my feet. Lately I was fired because I am unable to properly do my job at a simple retail store, and I'm still in a program to get a job but at this point I wonder what is the point? I can't work anywhere without being in constant physical pain from my disease. I do have goals, I wanted to move out with my friend into a house and live together, save money, and just play games. But ever since I was fired I don't really see why I should even bother trying to get a job. Every job requires lifting and standing, the two things that cause me the most pain. I have no real meaningful relationships with anyone in my life, my entire family doesn't really talk to each other. I had two major relationships in the past 5 years that are a big apart of my depression, both relationships lasted two years and I at one point or another figured this was the one, but I was wrong and they left me for petty reasons that could have been worked out as far as I feel. I started talking to my ex the other day in an attempt to perhaps reconcile what amazing relationship we did have but I doubt she cares at all. She replied to one of my messages and we began talking about small stuff, I wanted to talk to her in person over a coffee about life but she had teeth pulled lately so I don't really have the chance to do that right now. I think she's up for it, but I don't know. The reason I'm explaining so much about this girl is I truly believed that me and her were going to spend our lives together and ever since we broke up I've been nothing but miserable and lonely. I wish I could show her how much I still care, and how much I'd do just to be in her life. I'd do anything to have that chance. I've tried to seek other relationships but due to my Marfan Syndrome I don't exactly have the most attractive looks, and it's not that I'm seeking for something to blame, I just really don't think I'm the most attractive person compared to most people who are so that doesn't help my case. I have to wear glasses because I am medically blind, I'm rather tall and slim because gaining weight and muscle is nearly impossible for me, as hard as working a full time job would be. My body is far weaker than the average person body and because of this I am so limited in my choices in life and at this point I am somewhat fucked. I can't get a job that will support my disease and not make me want to fucking die (like working for a call center) fuck that. I'd rather OD on my heart medication than hate life every single day due to absolute underpaid slavery. I see so much shit every day where people are so truly fucking ungrateful for what they have. There's so much I want to say but I already hate the way I wrote this and I just don't even really know what to do anymore with life. Literally all I can do is play video games all day long and It makes me want to fucking kill myself. I play strategy games to keep my mind off it, but it only works for so long. I just want a relationship, I want something to motivate me to actually fucking work somewhere that sucks. Without motivation what the fuck is the point? When I was dating last I had so much motivation to do stuff, but I spent a lot of time playing games not thinking about it, not thinking about what would happen if I didn't have her, if my life wasn't the same, and now because of my piss poor judgement and inability to properly fucking live life and not fuck up im miserable every day and smoke weed so I dont fucking OD. I have no one to talk to about this, all my friends are getting tired of hearing about me being in pain, wanting to die, being lonely. to the point where they just dont even bother replying. I do not want to be alive anymore. every 10 years will be new found pain for me because of my disease. oh look, now my wrists dont work, oh look, now I cant stand... like what the fuck.... There's so much more I'd like to say but I just don't care anymore.

[What is Marfan Syndrome?](https://www.marfan.org/about/marfan)