My jumbled thoughtsLife isn't really that hard. I face a lot of things that I think are difficult, but when I look at it from a different point of view, it isn't really that hard.People always say "life gets better" but I don't believe that. I tried to think about why my life is so pitiful but than I realized that my life will never get better if I'm the one living it. I'm a very stupid, rude, and annoying person. I feel intense levels of guilt and feel like my mental health has deteriorated so much, and my head hurts from thinking too much. The funny thing is I'm at least very good at not showing it. My family thinks I'm a very happy person, and my acquaintances, classmates,  and teachers think I'm a very smart and good person. A few times people have even said to me "it must be nice not to have any problems","everything is easy for you because you're perfect", and "I wish I could be as perfect as you". I'm really sorry to everyone I've deceived. I'm sorry to everyone who had high hopes for me and believed in me. I'm very very sorry. I truly want to be perfect, but I'm a horrible, disgusting and scummy human being. Why can't I just become better? People say the first step to changing your life is to change yourself. But I don't even know where to start. I've now become a person who is so emotionally numb I'm unable to cry when I'm sad, scream when I should be mad, or fight for anything. I can only fake my emotions when I need to. I've become a person who is seen as twisted and calculating if I were to talk about myself, my thoughts or opinions. So I don't do that. Im 19 years old at the moment, some people would call me young, but why does it feel like I'm so old and at the end of my life already? Every decision I make feels like it will determine how my life will go, and ever mistake I make feels like it will be with me forever. I just want my life to end already, but I'm unable to do it myself. I go to sleep every night hoping that I can become better, that things can become better, and truly praying that I don't wake up the next morning. Im not particularly scared of death and pain, but whenever I try, I think about how those around me will react, and then I never go through with it. Anyway, writing any of this makes me feel like a ridiculous child. I should learn to suck it up, and to not complain or whine again. I don't know why I'm writing this even. Maybe because I can never say it or share this with anyone else.