Can’t handle stress anymore, I’m really afraid of doing something I might regretHey guys, sorry if this post isn’t very coherent, I’m not a native speaker and I barely practice my english.
I need somewhere to vent, because I don’t think I might be able to handle my stress and anxiety anymore, I cry anytime whenever I’m alone and I feel so sad and desperate always, I don’t know what to do.

See, I’m a 19 year old female, last week I left school because I couldn’t find any motivation, I’m usually very shy, asocial and apathetic with schoolmates and this was my first semester in Marketing, I left Laws because I didn’t like it but it haven’t told my dad and my grandma (they’re who currently pay my tuition), but I have told my dad I want to change my degree.

The most stressful thing I’m currently living is that my fiancé and I are the economic support of my mom and three little brothers, we just went through a year of being really homeless a year ago, and we are currently struggling to pay our house’s rent, food and transportation. We couldn’t rent a cheaper house because nobody would accept a family as big as us, with so many small children and whatnot, even though we had no furniture or material possessions.
My mother won’t let me get a job, because she wants to get one herself but she doesn’t has documents because we lost them in our previous home, my fiancé fixes computers and electronics and my mother in law gives him money for school which he spends on our house. I’m really desperate, I really would like a job, the only income I have is whatever I have left from my tuiton and books money dad and grandma give me, but they don’t know about my current situation with my mom. They got divorced when I was 8 years old, and they fight whenever they need to talk because my dad always wants to be right, so I don’t trust him enough to talk about my economic situation without him accusing my mom of only wanting his money or him offending and insulting her. He also always tells me to move with him (he lives in another state), but I don’t want to leave my mom alone with three children.

Also, I think I am pregnant, and it’s the most uplifting thing that has happened to me lately, but I’m really afraid of what would happen, and how my mom would take the news because she always expects a lot from me, well, everyone in my family expects a lot, they want me to be perfect, every mistake I make is forever remembered. I really love my baby, but I’m seriously afraid. My fiancé is the only one that knows about this, and he’s really happy but doesn’t want anything to happen to the baby. We were planning to live together somewhere else, but again, I don’t know what would my mom do without us, we support her in every aspect, we leave the lids at school, we pick them up, we buy the food and pay the rent. I don’t want anything bad to happen to them, but I’m really sure she won’t accept any money from us, let alone live with us.
I don’t know what to do, where to look, I think I’m 4 months pregnant, I would like to save money for my mom and leave it lying around for when I leave, but I don’t know how would she react.
Lately I’ve been searching for different suicide methods, specially if they’re readily available, like rat poison, bleach, drugs. I’m searching for something really effective so they can’t take me to the hospital,
I know I’m a failure and I try so hard to make everyone happy but I don’t think I can do it anymore. I just want peace, I want to be let free, I want to finally be myself.

Sorry for the long post, and thanks a lot for reading.