How do I not get so stressed out I that I want to dieI feel like everything is too much. I'm so frustrated all I want to do is cry all the time. I can't find a summer job and don't know what I'm going to do I just want to cry. I'm sick of people trying to form relationships and get close to me bc I'm just going to fuck them up. (I have this one guy that I really really like but I'm not ready to have a relationship and I'm really going to ruin his life bc I get upset and angry all the time and can't get any help)

My first relationship ended about 7 months ago (it went on for 2 years) and was with an abusive asshole who had suicidal issues and was "over" them and when we met (I was 16) and at the worst part of my personal struggle (but I got over it thankfully all thanks to myself so I'm happy about that) but then he got worse and blamed me for it and said all these rude things to me and yelled at me when I would come home from college (he was older and dropped out bc he's a scumbag that can't do anything) and would just use me for sex and rape me and yell at me and essentially tell me that my vagina was disgusting. Like okay. It doesn't help that my family brings him up all the time like I don't need a fucking reminder AND my mom fucking DEFENDS him (like when I say he's the scum of the earth and she just goes on about how he's had a hard life like oh I'm sorry, does that give him an excuse to be rude to me?) even AFTER I tried to talk to her about what he said to me so that's a lost cause (I never even bothered to mention that he would force me to have sex with him and he wouldn't use a condom and I was always worried I was pregnant but I never brought that up to her bc why bother?). Because of that what little I ever cared about her that was left is gone.

My mother is a moron and smokes with severe asthma and is in the hospital all the time. So I can't ask for help bc she's always the center of attention and we probably don't have any money after what she's pulled. It doesn't help that she fucked up our relationship years ago and I have to pretend like I even care about her. I would rather move out and never speak to my family again but I can't, because money is stupid. (I don't need to talk about my mom I'm over it I just don't want to turn into a nasty bitch like her)

Finances are one thing that really stress me out and it doesn't help that I was already worried before my mother had to go to the hospital this weekend. I don't have time for this. I'm just done. I want to move out and leave bc I'm so much happier at college when I never have to see her (or my sister she can be very rude) but I really love my dad and I was only going to stay at home for him and my dog, but my baby died about 2 months ago and I don't have a reason to anymore. I'm so beyond frustrated and I just want to stop ceyinfn and stop hurting people and get help but I can't bc my mother is the center of attention and I don't want my extended family to think I'm a looney bc I need help. I just want to die in so done and it's been a while since the last time I felt really bad (about 2 years ago when I was 17, I'm 19 now) but I'm just so frustrated and I just want to leave. 

Im sorry for the rant I'm just really frustrated and if you even got through that or if it even made any sense thank you so much :)

Random: just more about the guy I like bc he really is a sweetheart and is so nice but I don't want to break him he's so sweet and so nice and I can tell he cares about me and he never takes advantage of me or anything and is always support but part of me wants him to just leave bc I'm tired of people seeing how vulnerable I can be when I get upset like this and a tiny part of me is still worried he might try to hurt me, but I don't worry about that much anymore I'm just worried I'm going to break him and make him suicidal again 