Is it possible to be ironically suicidal?The title of this post poses a question that I have been asking myself time and time again for pretty much years. Is it possible to be suicidal and not actually mean it? I have lost my will to live. The only thing that keeps me going is my girlfriend. I’m visiting her in person for the first time soon. We’ve been dating for just over ten months, and three weeks from now I’m getting on a plane to Connecticut for seven days. This is exciting for me because it’s going to be the first time I’ve ever been out of California but waiting three weeks is absolute agony.

I feel like I go through an existential crisis almost once a month. Why is it that I’m alive now, specifically in the United States, specifically in California? And why is it that I’m never able to find anyone except on the internet? That’s the most depressing part. Unless it’s on the internet, I feel like it’s impossible to find a girlfriend. The internet is nice because nobody knows what you look like. But my entire life, not one girl has ever said yes to me. I was so desperate for a fucking girlfriend that during eighth grade I broke a record for most desperate 13-year-old kid in California. I asked out nearly every single girl in my class. By the time I was a sophomore in high school and was removed from public school for threatening to slaughter everyone, I had asked out every single girl at school. I even tried to sneak a kiss from a senior who already had a boyfriend.

I’m suicidal. But I don’t believe I have the guts to go through with it. I joke about suicide sometimes. I often quote Woody Woodpecker. At the beginning of “Wacky Bye Baby,” Woody Woodpecker laments that he’s an outcast and he wonders to himself, “ah, what’s the use? If I had a gun, I’d shoot myself!” and that’s how I honestly feel. I feel if I wasn’t so much of a pussy, I really would kill myself. I’d even resort to overdosing if there wasn’t any other option. The closest I’ve gone to killing myself is on a family vacation, I snapped and told my mom “I’m going to sit in the parking lot and wait for a car to run me over,” and my mom said “go ahead” because she was sick of me threatening to kill myself. I ended up chickening out.

I’m one of those people who wants to kill themselves all the way up to getting ahold of a gun and shoving it into my mouth but instead of pulling the trigger I’ll put the gun down and post on social media saying “I’m about to eat a bullet.” I’m also one of those people who would opt to eat an entire bottle of pills instead of the traditional methods of suicide because I’m afraid it will hurt. One time last year, I was on the verge of killing myself by eating fried eggs three times a day until my friend told me “it’s impossible to kill yourself by overeating, you’ll just get really fat and end up with type 2 diabetes.”

Does anyone else feel like this? Is it possible to be jokingly suicidal?