I'm only hurting my friends.I don't see any reason to live if I can't make my friends happy and make them feel good.
I get the irony that if I take my life I will hurt them even more but I already made a friend that I love feel bad and I can't handle that.
I was an real asshole to her and even though I was depressed and alone it's not an excuse to make someone feel bad. I guess she got enough off my shit when she left me.

She wrote on her blog that I should leave her alone since I make her feel bad. Do you know how much it hurts to hear a friend you love say that you make them feel bad? It felt like my heart dropped down from it's place.
After I left a long comment telling her how I feel about our friendship someone said "haha what a fag. he should get shot".
That really hurt but I agree with whomever said it.
I don't deserve my life when I'm hurting people. I feel like i'm a bad person for trying to be nice to others.
That's why i'm cutting off all people in my life.

The worst part is that my friends thinks i have moved on so they don't know that i'm suicidal. I painted up a picture for them that i'm happy but in reality i'm sad as hell. It feels like it's been months even though it's only been days.
I just don't want them to know because they don't understand that it's not a heartbreak, i lost a friend that i cared about. 
One friend knows what i'm planing but he's leaving the country so he won't be able to do anything. I haven't left my room in like 5 days and all i do is sit in the dark and rage at myself for being an idiot. I'm not eating or sleeping and i stopped talking to my friends because i'm afraid i might hurt them or scare them away. I haven't gone to school in such a long time that social service might take me away from my parents and force me to live in a foster home until i turn 18.
Before i met her i had big problems in school like skipping classes but she inspired me to try hard and get good grades.
Now i couldn't care less about my grades or what happens in the future.
I just miss my friend.

It really pushes me over the edge. I don't know why i'm writing this but its a chance to get my thoughts out i guess. She won't read this so it doesn't really change anything and she won't even know that i killed myself. Even if she found out i don't really think she would care. Not because she's a bad person because she isn't, but because i hurt her so bad that she doesn't want anything to do with me.
She will live on happily like i never existed. She's not gonna think about me again and she won't miss me.
It wouldn't even surprise me if i was already forgotten and erased from her memory.
I promised her that i wouldn't contact her again and i won't, even if i'm gonna end my life because of it.
I'm doing it once I get the chance. It will come as an surprise for everybody, that much i know.
When my friend leaves the country no one can really stop me, you know?
Well, goodbye i guess.

tl;dr: I'm a fucking idiot who only hurts his friends whatever he does and i don't deserve to live because of that.