My life experiencesFunny enough, this is my first reddit post. I've been a lurker for almost a year but recently finding this community has made me want to share my thoughts on this world and my struggle. Things may seem rushed, and im willing to expand  on details in the comments. Just need to get it all out.1st, my creation was a farce to begin with. My mother was raped when my biological father was high on drugs. The only reason why I was born was because she was in poverty and couldn't afford to get an abortion. Luckily though he died when I was 6. What hurts even more is that I have autism. My mother resents me for it, wishing I was never born instead of being cursed with a mentally handicapped child. School wasn't much better, lots of relentless bullying. One of my teachers used to work with my mom and has a grudge against her, and used it to take it out on me in class. My first attempt was in 7th grade. Between 7th grade and graduating high school I tried to commit suicide 18 times. Then I tried to go to college, and attempted another 5. After college was when I got my first taste of how despicable things were. My first job was at a local rec center. I was a custodian. Worked very early hours and the building was mostly full of retired people. None of them respected me. I was treated like a slave and lesser human being because of my inability to socialize and timid nature. Many of them called me homophobic slurs as well because of my naturally swooped hair. They also called my black coworker racist slurs but besides the point. 
Now, im 24, depressed, anxiety ridden, not high functioning enough to work a decent job, not high functioning enough to drive a car, stuck with my step father who's only personality trait is complaining about politics and why im such a pathetic loser over things I can't control. What pushed me to the edge most recently is my insurance dumping my medication. I cantbafford any of it anymore.
My biggest point is, fuck people who say "you choose your own life path". Sometimes, life just has it out for you. Not everyone can change their destiny. Its a sad fact of life that people look down on mental health, whether it be suicide, autism, or otherwise. 
This world is a rotten place full of no good greedy pieces of shit with no sympathy or understand for anything other than money. Im sure many of you have gotten the "it gets better" BS. But in my situation, it quite literally won't. I'm terminally ill with being too dysfunctional for this world. Too high functioning for someone who's mentally retarded but not high enough functioning for people to see i need help. 
I've always despised how useless I am and I really need to build up the courage to go through with things before I become a bigger drain of tax dollars than I already am.