I hate who I have become and I want to die for ithere's some prior knowledge: I used to be happy and deeply satisfied just reading alone by myself, listening to my favorite music, watching gaming videos, and just enjoying comic books. I've changed drastically since then ever since someone has come into my life and it's been hell ever since. I've tried killing myself two times in the span of meeting and being friends with her.

let's call this someone, sugar. sugar seems nice and sweet until you have too much of it (or her). I met this girl when my best friend moved away. She was sweet and happy, so I started hang to out with her a lot. she became my best friend over time, a mistake I deeply regret. The next year comes around, one of our strongest years together. we planned hang outs together, FaceTimed each other a lot, and almost spent every minute with each other. then it’s our third year together, this year. she becomes distant all of sudden and decides she doesn't trust me anymore with anything, her secrets, her feelings, and anything. she starts her own friend groups, many of them without me. she always comments on how lonely I am, which I was perfectly fine with until she started making me feel bad for it. today, she cried, and as a best friend, I came to her to try and hug her and ask her what's wrong. she said she can't trust me and pushed me away, and ran off to tell someone else she barely even talks to. I'm always fixing myself for her satisfaction. when she started liking kpop, she forced it onto me, and while I did enjoy some songs, I didn't feel okay with it. The songs she told me to listen to didn't make me happy in the way my old favorites did, they just kept me occupied. one time we were talking about the kpop band and she got mad at me for liking a member she liked and claimed she owned him, so I backed off. I don't like kpop anymore, not because of the artists but because it always reminds me of her and her constant judgement of my interests and how everyone has to have the same interests as her to keep her attention. She leaves me all the time for her "friends she trusts" (her words) and I feel so worthless. Am I not good enough? Am I not worthy to be with her new friends? sugar's been a main part of my emotional damage, and every time I look at her I can't help but think how crappy she's treated me (based on other experiences not written here) and how she expects me to solve all of her problems and can't listen to me for once. She invites me to hang out with her on her birthday. She guilts me for not having enough money to buy BTS merch, and makes me sit alone in the front of the car while she and her other friends gossip without me hearing. I never was like this, I didn't yearn for attention or knowing about gossip. she made me like this. and I'm sorry to say, but I hate her for it. I tried hanging myself on her birthday, not just because of that single reason, but so many others that have piled up I can't explain right now.

I've become this toxic girl who's obsessed with gossip and talking about boys, a type of person I despise, all because of sugar. My family talked to me about it, and they say I've changed, and they hope I'm at least happy with how I have changed.

I’m not.

Today our teacher, at our catholic school, talked about problems of kids today. she mentioned that we don't have a lot of problems at our age so we shouldn't feel weak. And I just felt even worse. Was I weak or too sensitive for wanting to kill myself over people who are just plain shit? And then they started talking about sexuality, how God created us to be man and woman and that's how it always should be. I was thinking about the times I felt I might be bisexual,and I had this image created for myself, just for a few seconds before I realized I was stupid. I thought, "I'm this worthless trash tossed to the side by many and I'm not the way God intended me to be, this is my punishment." 

I miss being a small kid. I miss my old self, the one who was happy with herself, my image and who I was. I’ve distanced myself from sugar, and I feel, happier. Happier. And I’m proud of myself for that. I was thinking of attempting again two weeks ago and the other day. I hope sugar won’t affect me any longer.


