Behold, the Burning Dancing Bear&amp;#x200B;

I'm a first time poster, and I'm sorry if I'm a disaster and don't write this in the right tone. 

I've been told my entire life that I'm interesting to be around, but honestly I'm just kind of a piece of shit. I have bipolar II (the seltzer water of bi-polar, so no one takes you seriously if they actually know about the ins and outs of bi-polar, which feels shitty) and I feel like a dancing bear. I get trooped out to entertain people, but the instant I don't want to be 'entertaining' anymore people just turn around. No one likes to be around the sad guy, I get it, but I don't feel like the world has any space in it for me to be upset about something. People think that they'll be fine with it, but no one seems to fully get that I won't STOP being a piece of shit after awhile. Like everyone wants to energetic, quick comebacks, 'funny', me when I'm hypomanic but the instant the consequent depression rolls around it's all silence. 

&amp;#x200B;

I woke up later for work today, again. It's happened 7 times in the last 7 days. My alarm isn't going off, idk -- it's all excuses in the end and I've accepted that I'm useless. What's the use in being 'smart' if all it allows you to do is REALLY recognize how shitty you really are. I know I could be better, but I'm not. Pretty sure I ostracized my boyfriend even more, when I get anxious I get loud and angry (yay, just like my dad) and mad at myself. Someone yelling that they're a piece of shit and want to die isn't a good way to start a morning, so congratulations to myself for losing any chance at sympathy. I ended up feeling like too much of a pussy to cut myself so I clawed at myself a bit and relapsed with my bulimia (first thing in the morning so nothing really happened tbh), but when that didn't work I did kind of try to cut with a steak knife. I'm still a pussy though, so I mostly scratched myself. Not even good enough at being depressed to do that.

Now I have to get through the day appearing normal enough for people to want to be around me. No one I live with and no one in my family wants to hear anything about how I feel. My boyfriend is emotionally closed off, my mom has her own un-recognized trauma to work through, my brother is a sweetheart but he'd just get anxious if he knew about any of this, and my younger sister is just as much of a train wreck as me and I can't let her know that I'm still falling apart. I don't want her to feel like she can't rely on me when she needs someone, and if I'm a disaster in front of her then it'll just make things worse. 

&amp;#x200B;

At this point I'd pretty much love to just throw myself off a bridge -- unfortunately I live in Alaska where the only building tall enough to sure-fire kill someone is one or two downtown. Other than that you have to hike out somewhere, but I don't like the idea of hitting any rocks on the way down. I'd rather just hit some water and sink. Sorry if I've made anyone feel bad reading this, I haven't posted here before so I  hope I haven't done anything wrong.