My girlfriend just blocked me on all platforms without saying anything. I never her told her what I was going through but now I’m alone.I started dating a long time on and off friend about a week ago online, unfortunately about a hour ago she blocked me on all platforms and I don’t have any way to contact her. I have no idea what to do, I’m okay if she needs to leave cause I don’t want her to be committed to something she’s not interested in - but why does that mean she has to cut me off so hard? Last night when we spoke we talked about animal crossing and then I went to bed and ended the call, there wasn’t any prior hints or anything so this was out of the blue. 

As much as I hate to admit it but two months prior I had ended a relationship of 2 years due to them cheating on me when we became long distance(her sister let me know, I still appreciate that). But sometimes I wonder if I should’ve just stayed with her even if most the time I was depressed as fuck and had to go through being the blame for so many issues -  atleast then I can feel something. 

Ignoring all of this I recently moved to a new state after being alone for most of quarantine. I’ve been trying to make friends and the best I’ve been able to do is have sort of good conversations with coworkers though I’ve heard them talk about me and how they think I have some mental issues due to how I speak(I’m soft spoken). 

This all being the case it may be due to this having recently past the date of a very close friend who passed away when I was much younger. He was so much more talented, smarter, charismatic, and kind. Every day for the past 10 years I’ve known the world would have been better now if I was the one that took the blow from the car. I could t save him then and I can’t save myself now. 

My home life or lack there of one is blank. My work life is a joke. I almost had a relationship. I haven’t told anyone but I’ve been holding on by a thread for the past month and trying so hard to live for my parents but I can’t even find that. I’m unbelievably selfish for saying that. I am ashamed for even thinking like this. Please someone help me understand what I can do to leave this frame of mind it’s physically demoralizing, if my hearts not even in the game anymore even in the slightest then how do I move forward. 


Please help me. I’m so far gone and I have nothing left.