The closest to a note that I will ever leave behind.It's been a lengthy while since I've put any level of genuine care or emotion into something. I can't remember the last time I experienced an emotion that I could pinpoint as being that respective emotion. For at least five years I've been feigning emotion in social situations, but I find that when I'm alone that I don't exhibit nearly the same level of emotional display. I do believe part of the reason for my lack of emotion originates from my declining mental health, and from an almost innate level of "mental unhealthiness".  My lack of emotion completely destroys my ability to form new and meaningful relationships with anyone. I've not made a new friend in years, and while I've had partners who have been attracted to me in that span, it is entirely not possible for me to put a level of trust or care into them to properly requite their feelings. This lack of emotion also has left me completely without purpose. Think about it in terms of yourself. If you, the reader, felt very little to no emotion, would you still wake up in the morning with the same purpose and motivation that you do now?

I believe that in some aspects that I am inhuman; not in a literal sense, but more so that I posses traits not typically defined as human. My lack of emotion being the first notable inhuman trait. My other inhuman trait is the only other trait that anyone around me would ever describe me as: bewilderingly intelligent. I pick up and retain information spectacularly, and it gives me a level of mental permanence that those around me describe as being eerie. To be more specific, those around me exist in moment-to-moment experiences. I don't go too far beyond that, but I can keep situations and scenes stored in my head almost perfectly for quite a lot longer than those around me. I first noticed that I had this trait when I was about seven to ten years old. I discovered I had this trait because I would often (and almost compulsively) re-order any room I entered to look exactly as it did before I were there. This re-ordering would go down to extremely small details, such as: tooth paste caps, the orientation of marked containers/utensils, and even the way that thrown clothes were wrinkled and folded on the floor.  The reason I mention these two traits is because of how well these two form what is, without a doubt, my worst trait. I am a silver tongued, intricate liar with amazing attention to detail. I don't enjoy lying, but when I feel that I must, I will. To define "I must", I mainly refer to situations in which I am severely impacted in a negative manner by the truth. Normally I don't do anything unless I gain from it, but telling the truth with a minor detriment to one's self does have a gain: another's trust. In my life "truths with a severe negative impact" mainly refer to my thoughts and feelings. Not a soul (besides you, the reader, now) truly comprehends the way I feel and think. This isn't because I don't think anyone can, but because if I were to be honest I would be risking something I valued.

Knowing what I've typed above, a rather pragmatic reader would probably think "What do you have to gain from writing this?"

My answer: knowledge and peace. My first suicide attempt was completely out of the blue, surprised everyone, and almost left a few select people with absolutely no clue as to why I would do such a thing; because I left no note, and erased all digital media that I could. I'm hoping to gain insight from comments, be it from questions or advice from the curious and similar. 

In short, i'm just not happy, and I believe I posses traits that put me beyond the scope of help (I've halfheartedly tried). I believe I posses dissociative  and sociopathic traits, not professionally OR self-diagnosed (self-diagnoses is a dangerous joke). I don't truly believe in an afterlife, so without the desires that people typically experienced, it just feels like i'm floating through time with nothing to do here, and I've grown very tired of it. I will almost certainly kill myself before the year is over. 

But as mentioned before, I'm looking for responses. I'm not drowning in sorrow or running from problems, so I'm not going to surprisingly off myself tonight, or this week, or even most likely this month. I've just grown very weary, and want to make some parting exchanges.