Please Read. Need to hear from someone who understands pain.I’ve never really posted before, on a throwaway account. I don’t really know where to begin and I apologize if this seems scattered or incoherent. 
      I had everything I wanted growing up and still do, material needs and wants met, great area, good friends, loving family, Eagle Scout. I was generally a really happy and outgoing child until I started experiencing depressive symptoms around the age of 18. I ended up failing out of college twice and once more at community college. During that time I tried a lot of ways to cope with depression but the main theme of my coping was escapism. It could be anything: video games, drugs, TV, food, sleeping. That urge to run away from reality became a theme in my life. Around this time I started experimenting with cocaine and my family found out and I went to inpatient and outpatient. Things were looking up and I had a job and the routine was nice and I wasn’t doing drugs after and I was in therapy and taking meds but throughout that time period I still felt a void inside of me and my outlook on my life and self was very negative and pessimistic. 
   I kind of stagnating working at the car wash but I wasn’t suffering as badly and I had plans to go back to community college but that was far in the horizon. My routine kind of became: go to work and play the part as a happy active member of society and then go home and play video games or smoke weed. I wasn’t suicidal then but I wasn’t achieving anything or developing as a human. I’m 22 now and have been out of work due to corona virus, I stopped therapy and stopped taking my meds. Things were fine for awhile until I started exploring my bisexuality.
    I was raped at a gay bath house after unknowingly taking meth. This was a traumatic event but I kind of compartmentalized it and kept going on with my day to day life in robot mode. At this point all of my friends are texting me because I haven’t been talking to them and I feel anxious and don’t respond. I don’t feel comfortable talking to my family about it for a multitude of reasons. And my drug use spiked. Back on cocaine and adderal and LSD. I sought out risky chemsex encounters and for all I know I might have HIV now, haven’t gotten tested out of fear. I am writing this post because this weekend I let everything go and left my house for two days straight, I abused a lot of drugs and had risky sex with three dudes. The sex is pleasurable and stimulating but at the same time dehumanizing and artificial, but I knew the short term rush would make me feel something. When I walked back to my house after not talking to my parents for two days geeked off of powerful stimulants and gaunt from two days of no sleep or nutrition my parents were concerned. I have not told them about the rape or the HIV scare and I lied to them about being on drugs so they wouldn’t send me back to inpatient. We agreed that going back to therapy when things reopen. Currently I am the most suicidal I’ve been. I look in the mirror and look at myself with disgust. I have thrown away every good opportunity I’ve ever had and I feel really dirty and impure as a result of the rape, HIV scare, and chemsex explorations. My only method of coping is to get High on something or play a game. And you can’t do that forever. I am sitting here sober with not an ounce of dopamine in my brain and the only way I can think to assuage the pain is one of those options. I want to kill myself so badly because I feel like I have let the world down, but mostly I hate myself. The only reason I have to live day to day is to not sadden the people that have invested so much in me. I’ve never been a heavy drug user but the urge to feel that feeling I got upon the first hit of meth floods me every time I feel a negative thought. I have seen so many beautiful things on this earth and met so many great people. I honestly don’t know how things got this way or how to fix them. My dad has tried to kill him self and he tells me he understands but I am feeling so many different pains and anxieties all at once. I don’t think he understands and I honestly fear that maybe no one does. I am so far gone I feel like there’s no hope. I am a very intelligent and sociable kid, or I guess I was. That version of me seems long gone and I don’t know if I’ll ever get him back. I have no hopes for the future and take no pleasure in anything. I have been languishing on my couch all day alternating between rocking back and forth crying. I have felt pain before and been suicidal but I have never felt this terrible. Are some people just not meant for the real world? Has anyone ever struggled with any similar issues? How do you accept love and help from others when you don’t even love yourself? I am so sorry for the long winded and scrambled text I am very emotional. I just hope there is one soul who can say something to me to help me. I am having a panick attack and am probably going through stimulant induced psychosis. My thoughts are racing between slamming meth and blowing my brains out. It’s a primal unproductive urge that is frightening me and I want it to go away but I do not have the mental strength to restrict these thoughts. I hope someone here can help or at least understand. Thank you and I hope you all live a meaningful life