almost out of hopeI am having a really difficult time. my boyfriend of 3 years is seeing a married woman that he apparently has really loved for a long time. he was a youth pastor at the same church as this woman. I could never understand why he seldom would never invite me to go once we got closer. then he quit. over the weekend he invited some youth and their parents down to the lake for the day. one family...her family..including her husband...stayed for the weekend. my boyfriend barely looked at me or talked to me. this woman....treated her husband terribly and would rather spend time with my boyfriend than her husband. When I tried to introduce myself...she acted as if I was the ugliest garbage she had ever seen. When my boyfriend was trying to talk to me and flirt with me...to show me some affection...she walked over...opened up her towel to reveal a beautiful...gorgeous body...and said, "in november..I always put on weight...then in the summer i lose it...then I just start the whole cycle over again.." and she just walked away... I was so hurt....so upset...and my boyfriend just stood there..looking at her.  I tried to leave the next morning..after a day of being ignored and humilitated...my boyfriend was trembling and asked me to stay. I don't know why.

They are clearly in love with eachother. She lied to her husband. flirted with my boyfriend all weekend...and my bf treated her like a queen.   I just grew more and more angry. I thought leaving would give  my boyfriend what he wanted. I have suspected that he was interested in someone else....he has 3 children...she has ..I think 7? she is gorgeous. fun. flirty.  I am none of that. and Ive been struggling personally with depression and anxiety...forging a new career...I look terrible. I would understand why he would be attracted to her. but I think this has all been going on for a long time....and she is ready to leave her husband now. His children and hers are close....they all really care about eachother...it all fits. Her husband is a puppy...she is going to throw him away.

I really feel hopeless. Im 46...with out much to offer. I have never had therapy...but I need it. its just so expensive: i was sexually, emotionally , verbally abused my entire life until I finally got away from my family. I attempted suicide 3 times. the last time was in 1999. You can't heal that stuff on your own. You can only be a broken person. a guarded person that can't love. I can't love.

what am I  in this world if I can't love?

I don't think I'm going to make it. I think i've lived all of the life that I can....and I'm not whole....I'm useless, ugly and ignorant.

and so old.

my boyfriend says he loves me. that he wants and needs me....but how can you act the way he did...and actually mean that?

If I can't find hope. what good am I anyway?