I mean come on...You know, I’ve just been disappointed time and time again, and lately, it’s starting to show. I’m 18, I thought by now I’d be attending Stanford as a freshman, working at some laid back indie place in CA, dorming with future assets, and I’d have a great girlfriend who’ll have taken my virginity, I wouldn’t have to see my family often, and I would have new friends, better friends, richer, better looking, competent friends. If only you could look at me now, attending community college, selling menthols to garbage, still a virgin, with lesser friends, and wouldn’t you like to know who I live with? You probably guessed it:
My family. You wanna know what my mother did recently, she yelled at me for joking about hiding the rice crispies, and then what does she do? Hide the rice crispies, it’s not even about the rice crispies, it’s about putting up with people who weren’t ready to be parents, my dad is poor and because of that he is cheap, my mother is emotionally unstable, and is pretty much a 14 year old. If it weren’t for my brother’s shop we’d be on the street right now. 

See my family isn’t meant to be, it can’t function independently, and I want to leave it for dead, but I’m still dependent on these people, no hospitable friends, no girlfriend happy place, no enjoyment in life, just me, surrounded by people I don’t want to be around. 

Still being a virgin at 18 is a HUGE embarrassment in my standards, by this age I expected to understand myself sexually and become a good communicator in that aspect, and I can’t even do much as talk to a girl, I don’t really want to just be their friend or anything, because, if I wanted a friend I would go talk to a guy, that way I’d be comfortable and they would understand me better. So for girls, sex is an obligation, otherwise, I’m giving you more time and money than an ordinary friend for absolutely nothing. Now you have women who chant “all sex is rape”, and see not only does that make me want to slaughter them, it should also offend actual rape victims for mocking them and using inductive logic on a deductive circumstance, which is essentially stereotyping. There are  women who network in dating just to be friends, and thats totally fine, on a social networking site, not a dating site, that’s just cruelty. I’ve heard stories of the vagina’s warmth and immense pressure, and it seems like a partner can do more than porn could ever hope to do.

When I look back at this, all I can think about is how disgraceful I’ve become, obviously I must be enduring some sort of punishment for existing, it all makes sense that way. I’ve listened to people talk about how beautiful the world can be, and I listened in awe at their amazing stories, only recently did I realize that it was their world. I would like to offer my sincere apologies, I had no control over the circumstances of my birth, and thus was unable to abort myself, forgive me if you may, and perhaps goodbye.