I'm already a failure and I want to dieLet me precede this by saying I am not going to kill myself, I just want to be dead very badly, or better yet, to not have existed at all in the first place. Like if a jet engine crashed through my ceiling and crushed me a la Donnie Darko, I'd be chill with that. I don't want to kill myself, but I feel that it is my destiny to die young, and my moral duty to take away the strain of birthing such a fuck up from my family.

Again, I pose no immediate danger to myself or others, but I am plagued with the constant feeling of being unworthy and undeserving of the life in my veins.

I'm a 19 year old female, and I completely hate myself. I have been suicidal and depressed for most of my life. I remember being as young as 7 years old (really young, I know) and wrapping sheets tighter and tighter around my neck because I wanted to stop breathing, and praying to God to take me to heaven.

By all accounts, my life on paper isn't bad. My family is middle class, I never wanted for food or shelter, I went to a public high school and almost graduated in the 10% of my class. I participated in track and cross country, I took upper level and advanced placement classes, did very well in them, and was an artist. I consider myself somewhat good looking. I had a few boyfriends.

But the whole time, I fucking hated myself. The reason I worked so hard was because I would feel so *guilty* whenever I'd let someone, especially my family, down. No matter how hard I worked for approval and recognition, there was always someone better than me.

I graduated from high school and got a substantial scholarship to one of the most prestigious universities in my state a few hours away. I failed 3 out of my 4 classes, didn't talk to anyone, started self harming again, cried in bed all day, gained weight despite barely eating, and my anxiety and depression were at an all time high. I called my mom crying and told her I wanted to go home, I hated it. She was somewhat sympathetic, but my dad would rant and rave at me over the phone for over an hour about what a mistake I was making.

I left, came home, applied at a community college for the next semester and got a job.

I thought I would get better but I just keep getting worse. It's been a little over a year since I graduated from high school, and I hated high school so much that I thought I'd get at least a little better after.

But I just keep getting worse. I go deeper and deeper into my depression. I don't care what I eat or how I look, everything is a mess, I stopped going to my summer class because I didn't care but I still leave 2 mornings out of the week with my backpack so my parents think I am going. 

I just want someone to be proud of me so badly, but my family thinks I'm a fuckup. They wanted me to be better than they were at my age, and I can't be. They had such high expectations for me, and I ruined them.

My one long term goal that I have had for the majority of my life is to join the military. I put off getting help with my mental health my whole life because I knew I would be medically disqualified from enlisting with a history of mental illness. 

Recently, I discovered that I would already be disqualified because of my documented medical history of chronic migraines, and the medication I was prescribed for it.

When I read that, I have never been so completely heartbroken in my life. I have never hated myself so badly, not even when a trusted coach in high school told me I should consider losing weight to reduce the size of my breasts so that my body would be more suitable for running.

My one goal that I ever fucking had, the one thing I looked forward to achieving, was just stripped from me.

And yes, under certain conditions, a waiver could be granted, but the circumstances of people looking to enlist being granted migraine waivers are very rare.

I hate myself because I was born into this body. I always felt like I was supposed to have been born male, and experienced gender dysphoria, but I knew I could never pass as a man, and transitioning would only make things harder for me. I always hated wearing glasses. I always hated being short and more on the curvy side because it reminded me that I was female, and that I did not have the long, lean athletic body type I always dreamed of. I hate that my brain is fucked up, that I cannot solve my mental illness ad it is most likely the result of biochemical imbalances. I hate that I get migraines. I hate that I was born into this weak, broken body that I never asked for.

I hate that my only goal was taken from me because of something I did not choose to have.

I have no goals and no motivation, and I think that I should die so that I can stop being a disappointment, and so that I can finally have release from this body and stop suffering. I am trapped, I am so trapped.

It is not fair that there are people who want to live, who have purposes and dreams, who are killed by illnesses and accidents. I wish I could absorb someone's terminal disease and die for them.

It is not fair that I want to die and am relatively healthy. I wish I could die in a car accident or from a sudden deadly disease so no one would feel guilty about me killing myself.

All I've ever wanted to do was help people and protect people, and I feel that the best way for me to help people and protect people is to remove myself from the equation so I am no longer a burden. I just want to go to sleep and never wake up.