I want to fall asleep. It's all I ever want to do.Using a throwaway. 

\[15M\] Everything is too difficult. I'm not happy, I have no friends, my mother and I are not on a speaking basis and I never see my dad. I go day after day eating every meal alone, saying maybe a few words a day. I had a dog that would keep me company but she died two weeks ago. I wake up every morning thinking about going back to bed in 14 or so hours, because every day is the same thing. During the day I randomly break out crying with literally no reasoning whatsoever. 

I'm obsessed with the idea of suicide, and arrived at the conclusion that it's a fix-all solution, it's going to bed forever. I don't even know why I'm sad, which is really the worst part about all of this. I just don't want to keep living anymore. I have the resources and time to do it. I'm going to call a few family members that I haven't talked to in a while, then on Wednesday it's going to be lights out. The consequences won't matter - everything will be in its right place as it was before, my family would maybe hold their heads and cry for a bit and one day they wouldn't. 

A few weeks ago I figured keeping my head down and focusing on what matters would make the thoughts go away, but they didn't. I don't want to talk to my dad about this, even if I did, I see him once a week so that's a no-go. My hobbies are meaningless, and will never get me anywhere in life. There's always somebody better than me in everything I do. I can write all the short stories I want and write all of the riffs I can, but in the end there's always someone better. Hopefully in 500 years someone will find my album document and make some tunes out of it. Wishful thinking I guess. 

The only drawback to this is my little sister. I love her so much, but everything has to go at some point. She's going to go far in life. Love you, Anaïs, you're a real trooper. Trains leave stations, then a new train comes eventually and you get on. 

It feels right. It's just going to sleep for a long time. I never have dreams anyway. 

E.