Life is going by way too fast and I cant keep upI decided to attend an elite university for the clout even though I was fully aware of how mediocre of a student I was in high school. I got straight As my first semester and im currently going into my second semester. 4.0 gpa for my first semester seems great but I pussied out due to the pandemic and took easy classes to fulfill general education requirements. I decided to pass/no pass a class instead of opting for a letter grade cuz im shit at writing philosophy papers. I struggled to find motivation to power through my classes even though they were all supposed to be really easy. I signed up for a technical class required for my intended major in the spring but that's it. The rest of my classes are for more general education requirements and one for fun.

Now I'm realizing that I'll need to take at least 3-4 technical courses my sophomore year in order to be able to declare my major on time. This is all because I decided to be a pussy and not take any hard classes during a pandemic. The university I attend is known for being hyper-competitive and getting a grade less than an A- is like a death sentence. Hell, even an A- is enough cause for a heart attack. I dont know what my future will be. I want to go to medical school, but it seems near impossible because of all the competition here. I made up for my garbage grades and test scores in high school by taking up extracurriculars, but that was easy because I went to a ghetto high school. Now that im at a pretty reputable university with way too many students and way too little resources, I have to somehow fight my way to the top.

I havent even made any friends my first semester in uni. I dread having to go to zoom meetings and getting cold-called by my professors and graduate student instructors. I dont attend office hours because im a pussy. I have a poor attention span, live in an extremely rowdy house with constant arguments, and im just not cut out for university. 

I wanna think it's the pandemic that's messing up my vibe, but thinking back on high school, I always did the bare minimum and didn't give a crap about learning. All I wanted was the grade and if that grade was a B, I was okay with it. I always crammed information into my head for an exam and then proceed to dump it out when I finished the class and repeat the process again. Ask me a question and I'll explain it incoherently and probably even inorrectly as well. I decided to do something about it during my winter break and actually prep for the chemistry class I signed up for. 

Even while trying to prep for chem, fucking stoichiometry was eating my ass, and that's like one of the first things they teach in college chemistry. How the fuck am I going to survive if I dont know how to do basic fucking math. Speaking of math, I'm doghsit at math.

I realize I've been going on a rant for far too long. Basically, I dont know what the fuck im going to do with my life. People will tell me there's always going to be second chances for college or whatever, but I only got one shot. My parents are getting old, I cant leech off of them forever. I just can't fail any of my classes and I need to get good enough grades for medical school. Fuck my university's grade deflation. And with how competitive this fucking place is, how the fuck am I supposed to find an internship. Im fucking dumb. I dont know anything. There are probably 100+ other students who are way smarter and know way more than I do. Why the fuck did I come here for the clout. I shouldve just gone to a smaller school and massage my big fat ego and maybe have a better chance at medical school.

Sorry for the long rant. And sorry for all the bitching and moaning. I know I've got it way better than a lot of people given the pandemic and I feel bad for bitching about my privileged life.