Want to end it before shit goes down, even if that shit isn't going down...I'm usually depressed, at best apathetic, but occasionally I can get seriously anxious.  Bad anxious; I'm not always suicidal when I'm depressed, but I will ALWAYS want to hurt myself when I get anxious. And it's worse, because when I'm depressed thoughts of my family can anchor me, but when I'm freaking out, I'm like a dumb animal and I'm not thinking of anything but getting OUT.  
Sometimes, I'm anxious because I start thinking about my work, how everyone thinks I suck, and I am not learning anything fast enough in my studies and will fail at the deadline.    
But other times, like right now, I'm thinking of big things. Mainly, about how finite EVERYTHING is. FINITE. I'm running out of time. I'm running out of money. I'm running out of space, because the population is growing too big and my country's in a housing crisis. I'll never get a house, or land. Not that I deserve it. Don't want to clear more bushland to make more houses and push out all the endangered species we have. I'm running out of water; my country is in a drought. Water restrictions. I work in a hospital. We use so much water. We need to use it. I used to work in a restaurant. SO MUCH WATER. So much waste. Food. Plastic. God, the amount of plastic we toss in hospital. Syringes, catheters, test tubes, fluid bags... we can't reuse that shit. Obviously. Needs to be sterile, aseptic. But the landfills are overflowing.  
But water freaks me out the most. Water is life for EVERYTHING. Look, just my state, not even my fucking country, has 220 hospitals. JUST hospitals. Not even counting smaller clinics, elderly homes, animal hospitals, or shelters, or wildlife centres. What other businesses use a shit tonne of water? Hospitality. SO much more hospitality than hospitals. Construction jobs. LMFAO car washes are still going strong. 135 major dams, and many of them are at 'low' levels.   


If I leave my country, there's no point ecause the whole fucking world is running out. South Africa had that huge drought. They were saying hospitals and animal shelter were at risk. HOSPITALS. India is in drought, too; late monsoon season. Also, I just read in an article India is overflowing with rubbish, and then they have this smog problem. Oh my fucking god cars. The roads are so congested, so many cars. I can taste the fucking smog. I drive for miles without seeing more than a dozen trees. We're running out of trees, and O2 and the planet is getting hotter and the water is evaporating and we're all going to slowly die before the sun even gets a chance to explode. Petrol and gas, we're gonna run out of that. And all the species that are going extinct because we need to keep taking, because all our fucking resources are finite and we need to keep taking them to keep living to keep fucking to keep making more of us. Poor fucking animals trying just to live simply and we keep going and going and going and we're taking them down with us.   
  I just took my first shower in two days, and I counted 3 minutes but they felt so much fucking longer. It was like I was washing my body in gold or something, like this is too precious to be wasted. I felt sick. I still feel sick. I want to throw out all my shit and then never buy anything again, a clean slate so I never again waste and add to the landfills ever again.  
 I want to move to the ocean so I can SEE that the water is still there. Salt water is better than no water. Right?   
 I want nuclear power, fucking stupid I know, but that shit DOES NOT RUN OUT. Also solar power I guess but why doesn't that feel secure to me? I don't know. We're definitely not running out of sunlight. Until the sun explodes, but like I said, we're all fucking dead way before then. I think someone said we have like 50 years before shit starts getting real dire? But I can already see the signs. And they fucking terrify me.   


I've gone to bed and gotten back up twice now. I don't like this. I know how obnoxious and stupid and dramatic I'm being and I hate it. But I want to die before everything goes to hell. Like, the end is just around the corner and I'm about to be trapped in humanity's final garbage fire. I'm human. Everything is running out EVERYTHING. Before the water runs out. I want to jump off a bridge, into the ocean, and die. I want the fish to have a decent meal and there's nothing left so I'm not taking up space in a grave.  


Sorry. I know. Gonna take a valium I guess.