I feel like I'll be your ex girlfriendTwo months ago, the man of my dreams broke up with me over a misunderstanding. I tried to save the relationship by going over to this house which was 2hrs away by train when he said it was over via text. Only to hear him to me that I need to leave his house and that being together was never going to happen and that by me going over just confirmed his decision. I cried like crazy. I felt so depressed. I became afraid that he didn't even care about me. The next train would come at 6am and it was 1am. All I could think about is how would I survive without my best friend and my soul mate. I don't have a strong relationship with my family who lives on the other side of the country. My friends live far from NYC. I just felt instantly alone. And shocked. I told him I wouldn't leave his house unless he called the police. Which was crazy to say. But for some reason I really didn't think he wanted me out after having a good talk about our future a few days before. So I yelled and said if he really wanted me gone I'll disappear forever and I ran upstairs to the kitchen as he chased me down. I wanted to grab a knife and stab myself in the stomach but I didn't even get that far to grab onto anything. I ran downstairs and tried to take some medicine but he took it away. He called his roommate downstairs and they called the police on me. I cried on the floor as he pinned me down and said "so what? Now ur gonna say that I hit you?" And I was shocked that he would use my past to make me feel something bad. The police suggested I go into the hospital a block away. I knew I wasn't okay so I did. I spent three days in a ward. Thinking how stupid this all was. But I can't forget how he didn't bother to support me through all of this. Two weeks later I had a miscarriage. I tried to contact me but he wanted nothing to do with me. He said I had friends to help me with a tough time but that we need to stop communicating. And since that day I really feel lost. And I wonder what it would be like not to breathe anymore.