Lonely, afraid of men, thousands of dollars in debt, 17 years old, working two jobs, family is falling apart, and probably going to evicted.Going to be a bit of a wall of text. But I need to let this out somehow. 

I'm the middle child and eldest daughter in my family. My mom's made a lot of fuck-ups in her lifetime with choosing men. She married some assface 20 years to her senior when she was just out of high school, and ended up getting a sperm doner so she could have my older brother and I, as her current husband had gotten a vasectomy in his previous marriage. Her marriage ended up collapsing when I was about 3 or 4, and if there's one thing I'll give her major props for, it's for leaving that sleazy douchebag. He was a drunk and he would beat her. I can actually recall him taking me into the bathroom with him when I was little so I could watch him pee. He would sometimes give me this really nasty, sexual look whenever I played dress up. He was a douche. Whatever. He worked in an oil rig in northern Alberta, so at least we got a nice bit of dough from him every month. We moved west.

My mom dated around. She had a bit of fun with a guy we'll call Terry. Terry was a lonely, pathetic sort of mama's boy. Really boring. Nothing special, just really power-hungry and passive aggressive. She didn't use protection when they fucked and she eventually had my little sister. She stayed with him for her sake, and for extra income.

Fast forward. We move to the big city so Terry can find work. We were okay for a while; we had my "father"'s alimony. But my mom doesn't make many wise decisions. She squanders her money a lot and spends it on stupid shit. Even after she started working full-time, things were still going downhill. Our alimony was decreasing. My mother and Terry's relationship was quickly becoming shittier and shittier by the day.

The dump we were living in wasn't inhabitable anymore. We had to move to the suburbs; a sort of city next to the "main" city. I was in 10th grade. My friends stopped talking to me and  became seriously depressed. I felt fat and ugly and worthless. Between 10th and 11th grade I self harmed and attempted suicide multiple times. A little less than a year ago, the cops were actually sent to my house after I confessed to a suicide hotline that I wanted to do it. From that point on, I decided to throw away my razors and try to move my life in the right direction.

Fast forward one year. I'm graduating from high school this year and Terry and my mother are going to try and go their separate ways. But I think my brother and I have sort of realized that it's not going to be fiscally possible. My mom needs a hip replacement (she can barely fucking walk) and she somehow thinks we're going to be able to move into a tiny little townhouse with three kids, two cats, a German Shepard, and herself. Right now she's dating a guy she claims to be in love with, but whom will never be a benefactor or any other kind of contributor to this family. It's fucking stupid. She keeps taking advantage of our landlady and my brother, and they're both fucking sick of it. I'm watching. I can tell.

My brother is 21. He's done some stupid shit during parties when he was my age, and he actually owes the government some money for property damage. He earned $2000 and asked my mom to drop it off at a government office for him. She didn't; instead, she used it on her own bills.

Collectively, I'd say she owes about $15 000 or more.

My brother and I have become so fucking stoic. I make him buy me bottles of vodka every so often, and I feel like I'm becoming addicted to them. I feel like when I drink it, I can become like the other girls in my grade. Like, for a few hours, all I have to worry about is boys and what I'll wear to winter formal and prom. But then I wake up. You always end up waking up.

I see the mistakes my mom makes with men; I see what love does to you and I'm terrified of it. I never want to rely on someone else. I never want to fall in love, if it's going to make me do stupid shit like that. I've been pushing myself away from all my guy friends. It's actually gotten to the point where I'm afraid of hugging my own brother. I don't want to feel love. I don't want to feel anything anymore. Feeling hurts me and weakens me. I can't afford to feel that.

But then, I feel so lonely. I've never kissed anyone, or had anyone interested in me romantically. I'll always be undesirable. I'll always be watching other people be happy, and wish I was in their position. I know I'm right. But every night, before I fall asleep, I wish there was a man there that would do anything for me, and genuinely care about me, and not walk out on me or treat me like shit like every other man that's been in my life.

I see how fucked up and delusional my mom is. I see how depressed my brother is. I look in the mirror and see how unfeeling and stoic I am. I look at my sister and see how she loves life, and her friends, and her school, and still has hope. I want her to have everything that I can't. Even if I can't give her a good daddy or things all her rich friends have, I at least don't want her to be taken advantage of.

I have to support her. I feel like I'm probably going to flunk out of school and not be able to make it to university. I'm working seven days a week at two different jobs. Yet, with bills to pay and helping with groceries with every paycheque, I'm lucky if I have $20 of spending money.

Our landlady is sick of my mom's shit. We're probably going to be evicted by June or so. My mom's ex-husband blew all of his money and we're getting shit all from Family Maintenance. Terry knows there's nothing else out there for him and refused to leave my mom. My brother is getting sick of this shit and wants to leave for England to be with his girlfriend. The I'll be the oldest, and she's start leeching off of my income. And I'll never to be able to put little sister through school, or go to post-secondary myself. I'll never get married or go into my desired career path. I want to cry but I can't.

It's over, isn't it?