My father has never been proud of me or proud of something i did, in my entire life.I’m 23. Never did any good in my academic life, flunked a good amount of years... when i graduated from high school (a shitty one cause i wasn’t able to progress in a good one) my father looked at me and said: so you made it huh? 
We used to fight all the time, he had said some really mean stuff to me, with the right to say so, cause i’ve never made him proud.
Made it to college, my first course was law, for the surprise of nobody, flunked the first semester...
Did it again, and managed to pass to the second semester. Flunked again.
Started to see a shrink, she tried to get me and my father close again, and it worked for some time.
Now comes the even darker part of my story:
I used to smoke weed and still do (it helps me forget i’m a living piece of shit) but i live in Brazil, and weed is light years away from beeing legal.
One day i was with a friend at my car, when we were busted by the police, that took us into custody by possession of marijuana.
That friend i had used to sell, but i didn’t knew he had a large amount with him (i had nothing with me).
Police in Brazil is corrupted to the bone, so my father had to bribe the police so i wouldnt go the jail. (In brazil jail is the worst place you can be, i would be killed, jails are ruled by organizes crime)
After those events i discovered that an old “friend” of mine called the cops on us.
Before all that happened, i was planning to move to California so i could go to college there, but guess what, that never happened (i was accepted at the institution)
After all of this happened, my father asked me to get back to the college i was studying before and asked me to not flunk anymore.
Now, december is the end of my college semester, i managed to get some pretty good grades, did well in a lot of tests and shit.
Except for 3 subjects (if you flunk more than 3 subjects you flunk the semester).
In that case i won’t flunk the whole semester because i just flunked 3 subjects, but in the next semester i’ll have to carry those 3 flunked subjects along with the other subjects from the new semester.
There is no good public education, so my father pays for my college, and those flunked subjects has to be paid separately, but they’ll be added to the monthly college fee.

And that, kills me inside cause i’ve really tried to make him proud and happy, but all i’ve brought to him is shame, so now i’m really considering to take my life away, i can’t bear to see him sad because of me, i can’t bear with the feeling of trying and failing at every single thing i do, i can’t bear with the feeling of seeing everyone else graduating while i’m still at the fucking first semester of college, knowing that i have 5 more years ahead before i graduate. It kills me inside to see my father paing for my insignificant existence, i just wished i was never born at all, i never wanted to do any harm to my father or anyone else, i decided that it is my time to go, and take all this weight from my father’s shoulders, i know that it will hurt him if die, but i guess in long-term all this pain will fade away.
I can’t go on living any further, if i made my father suffer i could make my future wife and kids suffer as well, i guess i’m just not good for anyone even though i try, all i wanted was to close my eyes and never wake up anymore, and if you guys know a way i could do that without suffering i will really appreciate that.

Hope someone reads this and helps me out...