Is it bad to want to be 'saved' by someone?It's been a good while since I've been seriously suicidal, but things have been bad lately. I won't bore you with the details, but I have been very isolated for a long time. I've barely spoken to anyone other than my parents since before the pandemic started. I had a career planned out, but it didn't go the way it was supposed to and now I've been stuck out on my parents farm house for so long I'm scared that I'm beginning to lose it. If all goes well, my situation will change in a few months, but I don't know if I can hold on that long. I've tried to find ways to occupy myself and I was doing alright for a couple months, but I've basically spent the last week or so in bed, getting drunk, smoking weed, and trying to sleep. I could write a novel on all the ruminating I've been doing. No matter what I do I can feel this quiet terror going on in the back of my mind. 

Sometimes, I fantasize about getting plastered and laying down on the train tracks in the nearest town. Not because I really want to die, but out of hope that someone will see me and come up and say something. And then I feel bad about even considering forcing that responsibility onto someone. 

I really have no one guys. I'd never in a million years talk to my family about this stuff. Could never deal with the shame. I don't want them to see me differently. Occasionally I go out to the only bar in town (yeah yeah I know it's bad because of corona but I'm desperate here) and complain about my problems to the barkeep, but it's usually just a few people there and I don't want to make it awkward. I know it's not his responsibility to be a shrink. 

I heard about this thing that cults apparently do called 'love bombing' where you're showered with affection by the group as part of a mind control tactic. Sometimes I want to find one to join just for that. 

God, I probably sound like a lunatic or a narcissist or something. It's just been so long since I've felt any kind of human connection, let alone affection. 

I just want some kind of reassurance that people don't despise me.