I want to die, but I don't want my death to be meaninglessI honestly don't care about what happens to me, but I feel like it'd be an insult to everyone who has ever cared about me and supported me to just die and fade away when so many people do amazing things with their lives to change the world. 

I wish I could leave some kind of impact, somehow change the direction the world is headed in because it feels so fucking hopeless and terrible, and every day I see people who are miserable and have become apathetic towards everything because of how corrupt, how fucked up, how unchangeable everything feels. 

I want to somehow give people the hope they need, but years of fighting, getting involved in various movements and campaigns, has done nothing. Nothing ever changes, the forces around us are too powerful. I feel it crushing my spirit further and further, until I can't fight anymore. I want to change it so no one has to feel the same way I do, but I just don't have the energy anymore. 

There's no hope for me, nothing. I have tried to fight for my life. Through 10 long years of mental illness that consumed me and left me with no will to live, I still tried to fight. But no one will help me. I've been on a waiting list for therapy for 9 fucking months. This is what's happening in my country right now. No one cares. No one wants to help people like me. And the only thing keeping me clinging on to life is that I want to change it. I want to somehow fix things so other people can find help before they get to this point. 

But nothing helps. Nothing changes. And I want to die so badly. I want to die right now. But the thought that everything I fought for will mean nothing is so fucking hopeless. I just don't have the energy to fight anymore. I want to die in a way that will somehow shock people into changing things, fighting back. But I don't know how to motivate anyone when I have no motivation myself. 

I don't know why I still believe in humanity after how other people have let me down time and time again. And I feel like a liar for trying to make my death mean something and inspire other people when I'd want to die regardless. But not even trying feels like a waste. I just don't know how to do it yet.