Best friend has anxiety problems, is getting overwhelmed by possibly losing her job, and talking suicide. Feel helpless to help them.My best friend just recently got a new job. Shes says she's never held a job for longer than half a year, and has been fighting to get above the poverty line for months. Until this new job, she was working a horrible retail job that both wasn't paying enough, and had her in an awful work environment. But now she has a really nice job! She's happy with her work, and she's making enough to take care of herself.

Unfortunately, there are speed bumps. To keep it relatively short, the place she works gives new employees a 90 Day Evaluation. My friend's evaluator seems to feel she's not qualified for the position (despite that not being their call to make; my friend's already been hired), and has it out for her. She's been very... "professionally unpleasant" I guess is a good way to put it. Saying things to my friend you can't actually get into trouble for saying, but still making her feel like she's unwelcome and that her time is numbered. All of this has been agitating my friend's anxiety problems, but today she was a wreck for it. I texted her and managed to get her to tell me she was sobbing on the floor of her house and popping anti-anxiety meds. She was hysterical, talking about how her life was over, she's getting fired tomorrow, and she just wants to end her life. I helped talk her down and found out that her evaluator gave her a big lecture about a sick day (where she was in absolutely no condition to come in and has documentation from her doctor to prove it), told her that, in my friend's words, she's "basically getting fired by the end of the 90 day evaluation," and then informed her that there were a bunch of forms she needed to have filled out by tomorrow (there was other stuff she mentioned, too, but I don't know if my friend meant they needed to be done by tomorrow, too), or she'd be fired on the spot.

Here's where things get... tough. Her anxiety attack was so bad today, I don't think she actually got much if anything done in the way of filling out those forms. She was in absolutely no shape to be doing anything when I was first talking to her, but once she'd calmed down some (which took hours), she was just trying to stay calm and was trying to think about anything but work. And I wanted to try to push her to work on them, but I was afraid of sending her back into her anxiety attack. If the part about "getting fired on the spot" wasn't an exaggeration, there's going to be absolutely nothing I can say to her tomorrow, and I'm really scared she'll do something drastic. I've been wracking my brain for hours trying to prepare for this, but I can't go visit her in-person, tomorrow, her girlfriend works late, she's gonna be all alone if she's fired, so if I even hear from her at all before she takes any action against herself, all I'm really going to be able to do is text her, and I can't think of a single thing I can say in those texts. I really feel like there's a chance my best friend might try to kill herself, tomorrow, and that I can't do anything to stop it.

Even if she does keep her job, though, the situation's only mildly better. She's gonna get chewed out, again, probably even harsher. She'll be in tatters, again. She'll put off filling out those forms because she can't bring herself to deal with them, again. Even in the best case scenario, she's just going to be barely getting by day-by-day until something gives, unless something changes. She has to be able to help herself and stop putting things like this off, but I also understand that's easier for me to say than for her to do when they make her so anxious. It feels like she's on a self-destructive road, and that if someone doesn't get her off of it, it's eventually leading to the same awful conclusion.

So... I guess that was a ramble. I'm sorry, I've just been so stressed that it's hard to articulate the situation well, or what exactly I'm looking for help with. Or if I'm even posting in the right place. But if you have any advice on, I guess, what to do about tomorrow, what help I should offer long-term, anything, I'll take it. Thank you so much for reading this.