I will die alone and want it to happen soonI‘ve been suicidal since childhood (often more passively) and depressed and more actively suicidal for about two years now. However, I haven’t done anything yet because I cannot do it when my parents are still alive, I love them. I also have a great family doctor and a psychiatrist who are helping me. To be honest, all I crave for is someone who likes me or hugs me and tells me it‘ll be better one day. I fall in love easily, don’t care about looks or profession too much, a guy just needs to be friendly and  that’s it. But I have always been too shy to tell a guy I like him because I feel like it’s impossible someone likes me ... I have a good circle of friends but I haven‘t told anyone about my suicide plans because I don‘t want to bother them and I don‘t know what will be their reaction (I am usually the positive and funny one amongst my friends and they are always like „why are you always the only one amongst is who is single? don‘t you want to become a mother? you‘d do great!“).
I really crave for a relationship - two weeks ago, I met an amazing guy, really kind, intelligent and funny. When he said he wants to see me again, I panicked and told him I want him to find someone else because I‘m depressed and suicidal. He said he still wants to see me and wants me to get better. He was very supportive until today - but every night I was crying alone in bed because I realised I need someone like him but because he means so much to me, I don‘t want him to be with me but to find someone healthy and sane. I thought maybe I‘ll get used to it, but whenever we went for a walk or tea I came back home afterwards and started crying because I like him so much but I want him to hate me because I am not worth it. Today, I told him for the third time that I love him but I am not worth it for him. He insisted he wants to help me but I insisted that he should look for someone else ... how come I do this? I am crying now because I fear he thinks I am lying and actually I just don‘t like him. I fear he thinks he did something wrong. And I fear I have just pushed away the only chance for me to get better. Although I love them, I hope my parents will die soon so I can finally leave as well, I don‘t deserve to be here and I don‘t want to waste any more space or resources in this Earth