What is there to hold on for?Man. I'm just done honestly. I keep telling myself "it's okay, you're going to be okay" and it's a fucking lie honestly. It really is. 

I tell myself "it's okay" and then I get abused further ansd I get screamed at more for being useless. And man I know it's lame for me to post here so much but I really don't have anywhere else. None of my friends really get what I'm going through and I don't blame them. 

Everytime I tell myself I'm okay, I remember that the person I fell in love with and gave 2 years of my life cheated on me with multiple people then tossed me aside like a rag to be with the most obnoxious cunt (who literally takes relationship advice from /b/. shit you fucking not. This cunt went on /b/ when he was with a friend of my ex's and said "dubs says whether or not we break up". Fucking class act dude she cheated on me with then ditched me for). And all this literalyl while I'm begging her to be there and just be patient for me. God damn it. I loved her so much and knew my anxiety was ripping us apart and I knew that if she was just patient things could get better, but all she wanted was sex and couldn't be there when I needed her most. 

And now I can't even look people in the fucking eye when I speak with them. I can't even speak with people! Barely even online. I don't know what to say anymore. I've lost myself. The past 10 years have been hell and it's just gotten worse and worse and worse. And it will keep getting worse and worse.

I don't get it. What have I done to deserve brutal emotional abuse and cheating? I'm really not a bad person. I don't think I am. Will it always be this way? god dammit will it?

My past 2 posts have no comments on them so I know that everyone's patience with me is wearing ridiculously thin. I'm sorry. I really don't know what else to say beyond that. I've forced myself to stop posting here as much as I was because I didn't want to annoy or burden people.

Since my last post I tried strangling myself to death with a cord in my bathroom. I almost passed out and thought to myself "What an embarrassing way to die" and that thought alone made me throw the wire off my neck. I told my family the redness/rash/whatever-you'd-call it was just the weather getting to me (shit excuse I know but I dunno man).

I really fucking want death but I'm too pussy to just do it. I really want to build up the will to just fucking do it. I can't get the sight of my ex with that lanky moronic fuck out of my head. I can't get the faces of everyone who has yelled at me out of my fucking head. Nor their words.

I feel genuinely empty and used up and tossed aside. Just god dammit why would my own parent fucking manipulate me as much as they have? Why was I even brought into this world man? Was it just to be a toy to abuse and have fun with until I got older, then just told I need to "grow up" and figure out my own way. I never got any guidance. All I got was fucking screaming. I'm anxious as hell and shaking as I even type this shit. I feel like I'm about to have a panic attack but I know this doesn't even matter.

So what if I have anxiety attacks and feel alone? Like seriously so fucking what? Who gives a shit? It pertains to me and me alone. It's my problem and I just come in here all fucking "woe is me" about my abuse and I seriously don't even know what I expect. I know I'm the only one who can help myself, and I want to end my life. So there's a lot of good I'm doing there lmao. 

I fantasize about dying. I lay in my shower (yes, lay in the fucking shower. For like an hour, hour and a half) and just think about all the ways I could easily be here one moment, then gone forever the next. You don't know the relief and happiness this brings me. God just the idea of blankness and nothing. Holy fuck just thinking about it is the only time I have any sense of relief. I wish someone hated me enough to just shoot me in the head or stab me to death. But the problem is that I don't make enemies who want to harm me physically. I make enemies who want to harm me mentally while I'm already fucked.

God dammit. Please someone tell me they understand how this feels. Like not a false understanding, like actually getting what this is like. In the past 6 years since I began feeling suicidal and started attempting, I have NEVER felt right. I have NEVER once felt genuinely happy. The kind of care-free happy I hear people talk about. Never once have I felt that. I've felt extremely strong love for another person. For many people. My ex, my friends, my family. And I lay so much down for them. But I've never felt happy. I keep searching but I just can't figure it out. I feel lost and beaten down.

The parent who abused me when I was growing up (I'm 18 now so not much can be done about it now but yeah) got in a giant fight with me the other day. They were trying to tell me I had a "bedtime". They took the lock off my door. They made me feel less than human. I'm a child to them and always will be. I have no power over my own life at all, but so many other people have power over me. I flipped my fucking lid and screamed at them. I called them a cunt and told them to get the fuck away from me. I screamed "go fuck off" so many times I can't even remember how many. We fought for 20 minutes and afterward I felt no better. I even confronted them for the first time in my life about the abuse and it didn't even make me feel better. There was no moving forward from that point. I unleashed all the sadness and anger and it was to no avail at all. I thought confronting everything would be the first step in my betterment and being able to put all this fucking garbage behind me. It wasn't. It was a step in what's already been in-motion. 

Early March I sent a love letter and a box of gifts to my ex for her birthday. This was before we broke up obviously because that'd be fucking creepy if it wasn't. But she got the box after she broke things off with me (and far before she told me she had cheated and that she was with someone else already). She read the love letter and told me "this was sweet, thanks". I know love letters are quite outdated, but I don't know. I guess I'm a hopeless romantic. I put all of my heart into what I wrote. I laid out everything. And I got the equivalent of a "cool". I know this is a weird thing to bring up, but it's just. That was the moment I realized that I was used for 2 years for nudes and gifts and compliments and as a fun little toy. It was only reinforced after months of fighting afterward before we ended up cutting ties. I wanted her to keep the letter as a reminder of what we had before everything went sour. Now I realize that what we had was nothing more than me being used like a naive twat. I used to cry when she threatened throwing away that note because I felt like I had given a part of myself to this person (never told her she made me cry with those threats). Now I hope she does. 

God damn I'm just rambling on. I know none of this matters. I'll likely get 0 responses like my last 2 posts (the former one had 1 comment, it said, but I couldn't see it so I guess the post got removed or wasn't allowed or something). And I know none of you really care about me or the things I've been through. But god the only 2 places I have to throw myself out there and open up is this place and my therapist. That's fucking sad to me.

I know my death is set in stone. I will die, just as all of us will. But I feel like another aspect of my death is set in stone. I truly, FULLY believe that I will die by suicide. Even if I don't die within the next few months this way, or the next few years, or decades, it's almost like I know it inside my heart. I feel like it's a guarantee about my future. And in a way it's such a fucking relief. It lifts my spirit to even think about it. Just a way out of all of this finally? Even a coward's way out? Because why would I even want to be brave when there's nothing on the other end of this? Why do I push through on the pretense of everyone trying to hurt my pride and calling me a pussy if I do it when that loss of pride will not mean SHIT when I'm in the ground? I really, really look forward to death. God I do. I want to die very soon.