I need advice. Please someone who has gone through this before help me.Hello, I would like to start off by saying that I myself am not suicidal. I made this because I am worried about my longtime girlfriend. 

Background: We are both in college in the U.S. and have been together for almost 4 years. She has always had depression and her family and I have always done our best to be supportive and help her through any rough times. She has mentioned suicide before but until the past few days has never seemed serious about it. I love her so much and won't let anything happen to her. She has always had very little confidence, and no matter what I have tried to do to cheer her up, it is only ever temporary. She feels that no one else loves her and that she is a failure. Nothing I do to help her feel otherwise has done anything.

She is currently in a major in college that is very mentally challenging, and she feels that with finals coming up this week, they are the straw that will break the camels back so-to-speak. If she fails any of her classes (which is a possibility depending on her exam scores) she will be kicked out of the college within the university and have to try and reapply. This has stressed her out a lot, and I didn't realize how upset she was about it until a few nights ago. She said that she is going to fail her exams, and even if she doesn't that the next semester of classes will be too much for her to handle (They will be considerably more challenging than this semester, that much is true). She doesn't want to deal with life any more, and that she wants to kill herself.

 I tried as hard as I could to talk her out of it, by saying things like how much I care about her, and that there are so many people out there who care about her and that I can't let her do this. I said I would stay by her side 24/7 if that's what it takes. She claims I am not letting her do what she truly wants, and that I should let her go to be happy. Also, that I would supposedly be happier without her. She also said in response to the people caring comment, that we would get over it soon enough and move on. I managed to talk her down, saying how much I need her, and that I can't let her go. She seemed to understand that, if only temporarily, and said she wouldn't do anything. 

I am currently in tears writing this, and I know this isn't the last time I will she will mention suicide. What I need from anyone willing to read this jumbled mess of thoughts, is this: I need help. I can't let her go because I love her so much, and would do anything to keep her around to enjoy the happy and promising life she has waiting for her. She is a smart individual who has a promising future ahead of her, but **refuses** to accept it, or any believe anything I say that would help her. She is convinced that no one loves her, and would be better off without her in their lives. I do not believe she is going to do it in the immediate future, but I can't say how long it will be until she brings it up again, and honestly I don't know how long I have with her. What can I do or say to change her mind, when nothing I say appears to have any impact on her judgment? Also how can I keep an eye on her without being around her 24/7? Thank you so much to anyone who is willing to help.