Where the fuck do I "go back" to?I was born, raised, and still live in California. I am a citizen of the United States of America. My ancestry is German-black Irish on my mother's side and Finnish-Slovakian on my father's side. All of my ancestors were dirt poor immigrants coming to the USA to make a better life for themselves and their families. 

My most recent immigrant parentage is my mother's mother, who came to the USA from Ireland when she was a child. All of her birth and school records were lost in a fire, so we have no proof of anything other than the Ireland census document showing her family information (from 1911) which my eldest brother found last year online. 

Other than this one Irish census document, the rest of my family history is gone from memory. Years ago my father researched and ended up going to Finland, Slovakia (Czechoslovakia at the time), and Germany to learn more about our family history, but his long hours of searching returned nothing substantial. 

My mother and father, and all four of my grandparents are dead now. My mother's entire family is dead. My father's brother and sister are alive, yet they live in isolation, and both even refused to even attend my father's funeral last year.

We're experiencing hard times. If I were to go back to where I came from for a better life, where do I go back to? Do I go to Ireland because I know where my black Irish grandmother came from? Do I simply go to somewhere random in Germany or Finland or Slovakia because I'm told my ancestors came from those countries? 

In coming to the United States to make a better life, my family has lost its history, and now I'm lost, too. Lost in the economic depression and pointless existence my ancestors were escaping from. 

My great-grandfather on my father's mother's side killed himself. I'm told his parents were gypsies and immigrated from Slovakia. He hung himself in his basement, around the time of the great depression. Family members never talked about him or what happened or why. He left no note. But, this is my note. I leave nothing behind, too.