I'm in need of adviceI was recently banned from another forum for posting something that I did that I should not have done. I physically abused an animal when I was upset and wasn't thinking properly. I'm not going to mention what forum it is and what I did because I want to keep this on here and I really get upset when I look back on it. I'm trying to appeal the ban right now but I don't think they'll take it seriously because of the severity of the offense and I'm terrible at writing posts up. If someone knows who I am I beg of you not to post this on that website so no one thinks I'm saying "I'll commit suicide if you don't unban me!" because I'm not.

**I'm going to label some paragraphs NSFW because some portions of it involve pornography, but it's a serious discussion on what pornography did to me.**

But I'm honestly considering suicide, if there was a button right in front of me that said "End your life without consequence" I would press it. Even though I hate my parents, I don't want them to go through something like this. They think they're awful parents, they really are but I tell them that they're not to avoid conflict or hurt feelings. Since I'm 19, it's too late to tell them to change the way how they raise a child. My family is incredibly fucked up, everyone in my household has some form of depression. If I commit suicide it's likely someone will follow and I don't want that to happen. I don't want anyone in my family to die, so please don't mistake this post as me thinking of murder suicide. I don't blame them for most of my issues, though. I've made a lot of fucked up choices in my youth and now I'm suffering for it. I never really posted my life story in full so I'm going to take the time to post about it here.

Shit started in gradeschool, the first grade. I was a top student because my parents pressured me to succeed. I played old video games like Duke Nukem 3D, Mario 64, and Medal of Honor on my free time or I played with my neighbors. I wasn't old enough to understand what was going on in Duke Nukem, my parents thought it was okay for me to play them because I'm killing aliens and nazi soldiers and not innocent people. That caused problems in gradeschool because all I would draw were guns so their first instinct was to limit how much I play. I don't remember most of what happened, but I know that I was grounded a lot for things I didn't understand, I didn't know what I did wrong so I kept trying to do things to get them to like me because I thought they hated me. My mother raised me as a god fearing catholic, I wouldn't even call it catholic, it was something I would probably name "selective catholicism" where my mom used gods as a means of scaring the shit out of me if I did anything horrible.

This happened grades 1 through 5. Shit got worse when everyone started hitting puberty. I hit puberty hard, I grew facial hair faster than anyone else, my voice dropped deeper than anyone else, it was impressive but with puberty comes a whole range of bullshit like body odor and hormones that my parents never bothered to explain. I hung out with the wrong people, I hung out with people who tried replicating the "thug lyfe" shit they saw in music videos, they had to explain puberty and sex (poorly) to me. They were my only friend pretty much and I thought they were cool until one day for reasons unexplained they treated me like shit and told me to fuck off, so I became friends with these other guys who would repeat the shit they saw in Jackass and generally do stupid shit and have this "fuck teachers" attitude. Of course my grades started dropping. My parents really didn't know what to say, they told me to stop hanging out around those idiots but never said why when I asked why. So yeah I had a lot of friends who would abandon me and I didn't understand why. I was bullied a lot, that could've been why. I never stood up for myself because I was scared shitless of what my parents would do if they learned if I beat the shit out of someone. I was big and tall, people smaller than me could get away with harassing me. It's a weird double standard that I noticed now, when they see a big person getting picked on by smaller people they go "Oh my god that big guy is a pussy, jesus christ" but if you do anything they go "Ok what the fuck why did that big person push that small person that's fucked up!" So yeah at that time I learned to deal with the fact that I had no friends. Since I had no friends to hang out with I started playing video games constantly. I never did my homework because video games were my only form of social life and entertainment that I had.

6th grade comes along, puberty was being shit, I had a sexual attraction to girls, I had some new friends. I told those new friends my crush and of course they told her for shits and giggles. I felt like shit, I don't know what happened but I think a teacher saw me and asked if I was okay. I said "I feel like killing myself." I don't know why I said that or where I learned that phrase. I didn't understand the severity of it; I didn't understand why my mom was called, why I was picked up, why I was sent to child therapy. I didn't really mean it when I said it, I just felt really fucking shitty because my friends betrayed me. So in child therapy I was prescribed a medication that was considered experimental (AS FAR AS I KNOW). Fluvoxamine, it was called. 25mg a day, then 50mg a day, then 100mg a day. I told her about how my father and mother raised me, how shit happened at school, ect ect. The therapy didn't really help in the long run, my parents were still being shitheads, and school was terrible for me. It was basically a person who monitored my medication and was someone to talk to about my problems.

High school comes along, I was an ugly motherfucker still. Parents didn't help me with self-image so I discovered an online gaming forum, I do some dumb shit, they made fun of me, I took it seriously because I had limited social interaction and I was sensitive. I was sick of people treating me like shit. One day, in the real world, someone in the 9th grade comes along and thinks it would be fucking hilarious to tape me against a locker. I broke free and punched the guy in the face. This guy was two or three years older than me and probably got in fights a lot. Of course he punched me back. I got a massive nosebleed, people laughed their ass off for whatever reason I still don't understand. I had a breakdown in the next class. I was escorted out of the class, I didn't want to tell anyone what happened because I was scared, so I pretended that I forgotten almost everything. I was taken to the hospital, I was given a priority because they thought it was life threatening. To this day I still feel really fucking shitty lying about forgetting what happened because it wasted everyone's time. About 30 minutes in I said I remembered what happened. I didn't have to tell anyone what happened because one out of the 15 people in that hall had the decency to tell people what happened.

Guy and his friend gets suspended from school for a week, but apparently the parents didn't give a shit because the guy said "oh the other guy punched first", I know this because a classmate who hated me told them where I lived told that to me. But for whatever reason there was a meeting with the principal where the RCMP (Canadian Police) were supposed to show up and scare the shit out of the guy for assaulting me but the RCMP were busy so it was basically just a "Ok say you're sorry" session. I don't know what happened to the guy after, I don't know if his parents beat him, or if he transferred, or if anything else happened because I never saw him again.

[NSFW] Around the same time, I discovered pornography. For two years I would watch pronography but never masturbate, after all my mother made me a god fearing catholic who told me masturbation is a sin. When I finally did jack off, I got into some really weird shit. I had no one to talk to about it because I didn't want to talk to my parents because I thought they would give me shit. That really fucked me up down the road to the point where I was actually considering suicide at that time because of how fucked up it is. I ended up getting into furry pornography and it controlled my life.

I found some new friends. We were okay with each other for about a year until some dumb shit happened. The guy kept calling me gay, and how I would love to get fucked by a fat black guy. I was upset for two reasons, that's a fucked up thing to say and I was homophobic at that time. I told him to fuck off but he kept going at it. I cried about it, I then cried about in the corner of the next class. The teacher brought me out and asked me what happened and I told him, and he went apeshit on the guy. He tried saying sorry but I told him to fuck off. A nice girl came up to me after school and wondered why I was crying, I told her the story and she supported me. It made me feel happy but I was too scared to ask if we could hang out because for one, she was a girl, and two I'm socially awkward.

After all the bullshit that happened to me, I was that one guy who sits alone at lunch every day because I had no friends. I was scared of having friends, all my friends ended up stabbing me in the back somehow. My social life was video games and online forums because people were generally nicer, but I was still treated like shit by people. It was the best thing I had right now so I couldn't be picky. I just kept taking shit and I couldn't really do anything about it because it's a fucking forum for fuck sakes. I started to hate people.

I was like this for the rest of the years in my highschool. Now I'm done highschool and It's the same fucking thing. Wake up; go to university; come home; sit on my ass all day and go on forums, play games, or program; sleep.

the more i talk about this the more i get upset, so im just going to finish this fucking post and finally give a tl;dr

I've been to therapy 3 times, all of them i ended up leaving because they didn't work. First one was fine, the last two were unprofessional as hell. I've been on two different antidepressants, both did not work. I cannot afford medication or therapy because I have no job and my father does not want to pay for therapy or medication. I'm suicidal because I'm fucked up and there's no fucking solution to my problem. I just want it all to fucking end, at some points I think "Who fucking cares about my family, it's what they get for raising a shit"

I'm pissed and upset, I can't cry. I want to cry and let it all out and it's pissing me off. I'm a fucking monster.
