Went home early from work today and am having bad thoughtsThis is probably going to be a long one but I think I just need to let it out. I guess to begin with I've had a history of depression but I've been off my antidepressants for about a year now. When I first started on them almost 2 years ago I still wound up in the bathroom about ready to slit my wrists with a knife. My best friend called and I answered and she was able to talk me out of it. The next day I checked myself into a behavioral health hospital. I spent a little over a week there. I returned to work and all was fine for about another 2 weeks. I had a seizure that seemed to have come out of nowhere. For the previous 6 months I had a problem with auditory and visual hallucinations (the doctor chalked it up to be from my depression). I saw my doctor the next day and immediately had me go get an MRI of my head done. That's when we found that I had a golf ball sized arachnoid cyst in my brain. From there everything snowballed. I only lasted a month before I had to go on medical leave at work. Seizure after seizure (even on antiseizure meds), a plethora of neurological issues; such as convulsions, dry heaving for hours, hallucinations getting worse. My right leg one day become completely paralyzed and once the feeling came back I could no longer walk on my own, I had to use a cane. I went through several neurologists either telling me I had epilepsy, or that it was all in my head. After 5 months of this I was finally able to get a neurosurgeon to perform the surgery to drain the cyst. It took about 6 months after the surgery (about this same time last year) to finally feel normal. My doctor was certain that the cyst had caused my depression and I felt comfortable to get off the meds, ALL of my meds. And I was fine. 

January of this year I got the okay to start working again. I didn't like my job that I had left to go on medical leave so I decided to get a new one. It took me about 2 months to find the job I am at now. It's not great, but has been okay enough. I liked it for the first couple months until this lady (K) on my team decided that she doesn't have to do anything. We get a bonus based on how many "tasks" we do in our queue, but have a ton of other things we have to that don't count towards our "tasks". You can probably see the issue here. K only does the tasks and leaves the rest up to me and whoever else is on our team (we've had a lot of turnover because of this). I've talked to my managers about K multiple times, every time someone requests to be transferred to a different department it's all the same reasoning. But she's been here for 3 years and her production numbers makes them "look good" (That's the only reason me and a lot of the other people in our office think of as to why they would hold onto her). Three months ago we got a new (well another new since we've been though about 4 at this point) girl (L) and we immediately hit it off. I was in charge of training L and she was doing great. We both get our work done and don't obsess over production. We had an issue with K for all the same reasonings so they decided to once again hire a new person and split the team. Me and L, and K with the newest addition (S). It had been working out.

Well, 3 weeks ago I had a seizure at work. I've known for a while something hasn't been right but I've been too afraid to say anything. I haven't had the crippling depression, but I've had more frequent headaches, the vision and auditory hallucinations, the random dizzy spells and nausea. I hid this from everyone, and I was probably kidding myself thinking this may just be from the aftermath of having had brain surgery last year. I knew something was up but didn't want to face it in fear of the worst, that the cyst came back. I just didn't want to know until I couldn't be ignorant anymore. So, until I had the seizure. Went to my doctor the next day, this time I was still suffering from severe postictal symptoms and they sent me straight to the ER to get a CT scan done. The hospital lied to me about my results, said that everything looked normal, and sent me home with some antiseizure meds and said to follow up with a neurologist. 

My primary care doctor had me come in a week later, I hadn't gone to work since I was having bad side effects from the antiseizure meds. He told me that the CT scan report does say that I have fluid built up in my brain in the same spot my cyst was. We can't classify it as a cyst yet since that's all the report said, I still have to get the MRI done.

My doctor wrote me a note and said I could go back to work the following Monday. I've almost made it two weeks back to work and have had to call out twice and leave to go home early a couple times from not feeling well. I've had 3 more seizures, been living on pain meds since my excruciating headache just doesn't seem to go away. My manager has been understanding and very adamant about me not getting stressed out over work and that my health should come first. 

Which brings me to today. They sent out an email saying they are moving L to a different department. Which means our team won't be separated anymore, and I will have to pick up after K's unending slack. At least L made working bearable, especially these past couple weeks. I don't even know if I'll have the stamina to deal with K. I can hardly concentrate on what I'm doing. I would put in my two weeks but I need the health insurance and obvisouly need to pay my bills. I know very well that my managers aren't going to do anything about K. I'm going to be stuck doing the majority of the work while she makes her bonus. All the stress over this triggered an episode and I wound up having to leave early and go home. I just don't want to deal with this. My head hurts, my body is shaking. I don't want to go on medical leave because I need the money and I used the majority of my PTO for that week I took off. How am I supposed to live? Pay bills? I was lucky enough to have my stepdad basically pay for everything last time I was sick since disability hardly pays anything. I just feel stuck. It was almost enough dealing with the office drama when I was okay but now I feel awful and can barely make it out of bed in the morning. What the hell am I supposed to do? I just feel like I'm screwed no matter what. It's like yeah sure I could might be able tough it out for another excruciating 6 months but I really don't want to. I've been through watching my body fall apart and what this stupid thing in my head does to me. I just don't want to deal with this anymore. 

Anyways, thank you for reading if you've made it this far. I probably just needed to let it out or something. 