I want to die but I dont have the courage 

I'm a burden to everyone around me. I'm 19, a college dropout, have no job, no friends, nothing except me and my distractions from reality. All I do is just eat my family's food, use their electricity, and just leech off of them. Every day is exactly the same as the last. Wake up, sit on my laptop, eat, and go to sleep. I don't want to go outside at all. There's nothing that interests me outside. I just wanna go to sleep and die.

It's been 10 months since I got dumped by my ex. And 7 months since she cut me off completely. She was right about me; I'm nothing, but a joke and a dramatic, immature, useless, clingy idiot. I can't get a job anymore because I spend most of my days in my bed waiting to have the courage to die. I’ve pushed every single friend I had away because of my toxic negativity.

My mental and physical state has deteriorated considerably due to self-isolation. I developed trichotillomania, a hair pulling disorder which caused me to get bald spots all over my scalp. I made so many self destructive decisions like having sex with prostitutes, smoking weed and gaining excessive amounts of weight with my horrible diet and comfort eating. I don’t keep good hygiene anymore. I can barely look at myself. It gotten so bad, that I have attempted committing suicide three times since February and even had to stay overnight at a hospital. 

My family is so ashamed of me, but they still believe in me and are trying to help me. I wish they would just give up on me so that I don’t end up disappointing them again. Like I’ve always had. I can’t accomplish anything, and I am living a parasitic existence, leeching off of my family. I’m an utter complete failure.

I keep wishing that someone else would take control of my life and “save me” from the problems that I created. Or I could be given the chance to relive my whole life, with all my current memories so I could correct many of the mistakes I made in life. I feel stupid, weak, useless, and pathetic, and wonder if this is going to be the rest of my life. I’ve given up on any fleeting hopes and ambitions and no longer want anything from life.