I tried to change myself completely, but nothing's workingWhen I was a kid, my parents pretty much raised me with the intention of sending me to an Ivy League medical school. They constantly held me to ridiculous standards in both academics and extracurriculars, and would constantly wheel me around from activity to activity and would expect me to excel in every single one. But I'm just a normal kid, you know? I was constantly stressed, and even from that age, I struggled to find anything that I enjoyed that wasn't eventually exploited and ruined for me by my parents. I was constantly compared to the kids my age around me, and any time someone who wasn't me was praised for anything, my parents would actually write it down, pin it on my wall, and repeat it to me a million times so I would adopt that same habit. I thought that everything I did was only a pathetic excuse for what my peers were able to do. 

Because I was constantly moving from place to place, I was unable to pick up any social skills. And it wasn't so much that kids in school picked on me as much as they just kind of stayed away from me. I was a very standoffish kid because I believed that every single one of my classmates was better than me. I saw everyone as my enemy because my parents had convinced me that my peers were nothing but competition.

My parents knew I wasn't being bullied necessarily, so they believed what they were doing was just fine. So this regular pattern of being utterly overworked and having absolutely zero friends continued until halfway through middle school, when I finally snapped. I actually still remember that specific day when, after school, I collapsed into bed and felt completely empty. I couldn't bring myself to do homework, eat, or go to club meetings. My parents saw me after work, scolded me for over an hour for being "lazy," and literally forced me to do work (they stayed in my room that entire night and directed everything I did, and I was horrified). 

Over time, through the rest of middle school and much of high school, it got worse, and I began fighting my parents and secretly quitting everything I was involved in. I only had very few friends, and I was just such an awkward person that most interactions I had with my peers would cause me to cringe about it for several days afterward. I thought I was completely worthless. 

College acceptances were the worst. My parents were actually completely confident that I would get into every Ivy League school (not exaggerating), and uh...there was no way, considering that I had quit literally everything and my grades were falling. In my memory, I believe that was the first and only time that their abuse was physical, and right after, I attempted suicide. 

After that incident, I spent a lot of figuring out my own feelings, and I came to the conclusion that I had to change myself. I thought that if things continued as they did, if I didn't take that initiative to change what was making me unhappy, there was no way that I would ever be happy. So that's what I tried to do. I put myself out there by signing up for literally every single extracurricular I could, not out of a necessity to get into a good college or to beat out my peers but purely out of interest for what they were doing, and I actually began being more open with other people (not much at all, but it was definitely a start). 

I'm 19, and in my second year of college now, and I like to think that I'm a completely different person than who I was for my whole life. My friends know me as a memeable goofball that is passionate for the things he loves, which is a complete 180 from where I was before.

I go to a good university, I have good friends and okay grades, but yet, I'm still so unhappy. I'm still too competitive, even when I am completely aware that I'm being too competitive; I can't get close to people at all because I literally don't know how to not bottle up all my negative emotions and silently cry myself to sleep. I still can't bring myself to study at all. I study for all my important tests 1 hour before the actual test, and it's a habit that only makes me hate myself even more, but I literally cannot bring myself to change it. I still can't get close to people. I now have people that I can call legitimate friends, but I can't open up to them. Any time I feel rotten or so depressed I can't get out of bed, I just joke and ask them for notes instead of actually expressing what's wrong and how much I need help. 

Over the course of the past two days, my emotional state has been destroyed; my parents told me that they believe all the extracurriculars I've dedicated my time and heart to in college are pointless because they won't contribute to my career, and that I should quit them immediately. And more importantly, they are still trying, with every opportunity, to get me to change my major and go to medical school at an Ivy League. They are completely confident that they can still make it happen, and I know for fact that they will not stop pressuring me and twisting my emotions until I give in. They actually got me an MCAT book...for Christmas. Giving me nothing would have been better than that.

I just wanted to leave who I was behind and never have to look back. But it feels like I'm still...here. Somehow, ironically, everything is exactly the way they were when I was still in elementary school, just in a slightly different form. I alienate myself, feel constantly overwhelmed by any responsibility, and my parents are still trying to take control over my life. After trying to make such a big change in my life and failing to make myself happier, I've completely lost hope. I've been sleeping for 15 hours, every day, this winter break, and while I'm awake, I do nothing but wonder about how relieved I would be if I wasn't alive anymore. I feel like I have nothing to lose anymore, and that scares me a lot. 

Please help me. I don't know what I feel anymore. I don't know if I'm actually crazy or if I'm headed in any direction at all. I'm scared. I'm not even sure what I want out of writing this post. Just convince me that life is still worth living, please, somehow help me