We're losing our minds, and time is running out... 

My mother has delusional disorder, and she rants every day. It's haunting my mind. She is getting more aggressive, like the ones she had years ago. She has been suffering from this for a decade. The worst incident was when she attacked a neighbor in US, she got into trouble with the cops. They said that scumbag neighbor threatened to shoot her. I was terrified.

She was better once, until I messed things up. You see, I suffer from a paranoid and bipolar disorder, and I do the same thing as her. Although not as delusional as her, I rant on for nights.

I'm afraid that she might freak out at a passer-by. She thinks that everybody is trying to harm her, and she is getting defensive.

It's tough living in South Korea. I go to a college that has some intimidating professors, and my grades are failing. I'm an Asian-American from US. I did better in American colleges. I don't know why the hell I came here. The only reasons I can figure out is my parents demanded me to go to South Korea to learn the Korean language. I don't think it's useful.

I shouldn't have come here. I suffered from bipolar disorder and paranoia since childhood, and should've stayed in US.

But I had no money to find a job, shelter, and medical care. Medical care was getting expensive. Especially with Trump administration screwing things up. So I had to comply and get to South Korea.

Living in South Korea with mentally delusional mother was rough. She would rant days and nights, and it's stressful dealing with school and home. She was verbally and physically abusive. My mind was racing to the point of insanity. We had altercations often, and we almost got injured. Last month was the worst. She was ranting as usual. I was filled with misery and could not control my emotions. I yelled at her to stop and she went to attack me. I blacked out, and I don't remember much, but many terrifying things happened. We almost seriously got injured and I got into serious trouble. If this keeps going like this, I'm scared that we would get killed. I'm scared of jail time. I don't know about here in Korea, but in US, I'd spend the rest of my life locked up.

At least US has better medical care, although expensive. South Korea has poor medical care. I tried to tell the doctor about our situation, but he does not believe me. He thinks she is fine, and I am not. But in reality neither of us are. I'm screaming and ranting. She is delusional and and thinks people are out to get her.

I tried counselling, but they refused to help in this kind of situations. These bozos are telling me to go to a doctor or something, which it doesn't work. The pills that the doctor gives me does not work, because it is too weak. I considered Haloperidol, but my liver is so bad that I cannot take stronger pills.

There is no help. I tried everything, and nothing's working. I tried to running away, she keeps pulling me back.

I tried to ask on [r/seoul](https://www.reddit.com/r/seoul) and they suggested me to get to Adaptable Human Solutions (counselling service), but it is too expensive. I tried Samsung Hospital and Yonsei Severance, but it is also expensive for us. I tried to get help from the government, but they refuse to help us.

I'm running out of hope. I lost my mind and almost had a fight with someone back in October. I considered suicide for the safety of our family, but no avail.