Really need some comfort/human interaction-- feeling hopelessGirlfriend and I of 1.5 years brokeup last week.  Not our first breakup, was pretty on and off.  Anyways, I have been an emotional disaster.  The first day, I felt fine and told everyone in my life that it was done for good this time.  Anyways, that feeling doesn't last.  I tortured myself by snooping her social media and even though social media is fake and depicts the image the user wants it to see-- she seems happy and find, and she is hanging out with and seeing a new guy, one I knew about and was told not to worry about, of course.  

Couldn't control myself, and of course I reach out and she leaves me on read, screenshots our chat, and blocks me.  I login to a backup and she does the same thing, I am begging her to just talk things out and end on a good note.  I make a new account, message her one last time, she tells me to call her.  I do, her mom picks up and basically tells me I was a good kid and she wished me no harm, but it is over and to stop contacting her daughter.  I tell her I will, and I send her one last text expressing my feelings and good wishes. 

I could go on an on about the relationship, but even to the night of our last breakup, we both cried and agreed that we felt like soulmates, she ended it though against my want.  I am so hurt and I am having vivid thoughts and dissociation, thinking of what I could do to myself.  Her and her family are out of town and I am just thinking, what if I went over to her house with a gun and blew my brains out in her bed.  I have no true friends or support system, and she is already seeing a new guy.  So what's the harm.  I cant talk to my family, they are sick of hearing about it everytime we breakup and don't support or agree with the relationship. 

I can't stop thinking of her being with someone else.  I can't stop thinking of just blowing my brains out and ending all my pain for once.  I can't currently imagine a life without her. I really want to do it.