I'm just so tired.I don't know exactly why I'm writing this. I've already tried to write something with another account on this same sub a few times this week, but every time I just deleted it. I don't know if it's some last self-preservation instinct in the back of my brain firing, or if I truly wish to live.

Frankly, I don't really care.

I've been suffering from depression for years upon years. Like many, many people before me, and like many will after me, nothing has worked for long. Therapy only works to an extent, and my medications don't seem to keep the darkness at bay any longer.

I've got family that cares for me. I have friends who would be hurt. I have pets that I love. But, lately, I've stopped caring. Why should I? Perhaps I'm being selfish. Perhaps I'm being stupid. All I know is that I don't care anymore. I just don't.

Every single day it's the same routine. Struggle to wake up, work, go home, and go to sleep. I've stopped showering. I've stopped brushing my teeth. I've wore the same clothes for a month.

I've let myself go. I no longer exercise, nor do I eat anything but shitty foods that make me fatter and fatter. But no matter what I try, I just can't find it in me to stop.

Maybe this, too, shall pass. Maybe this darkness is only temporary, and the sun will shine through soon. But I've been going through this fucking cycle for years now. And I'm sick of it.

It's getting harder and harder to do things, even simple tasks such as making food. My plates stack higher and higher, my room is a mess. I just don't care anymore. I want for this to end, but I've tried everything.

I'm just so tired. I'm tired of this same routine every day, every week, month, year. I don't want to feel like this. I want to live. But I also just cannot deal with this anymore.

Every night, I force myself not to go into the kitchen and cut my own neck to finally end it all. But lately? It's been getting harder and harder to resist. My self-preservation instincts have been either weakening, or the dark parasite in my brain grows stronger each day.

It might be a little tacky and possibly inappropriate for the gravity of this post, but the only way I know how to describe it is like Marge in the Simpsons Movie.

I've not hanged myself because.. well, that's the thing. I just don't know how to finish that sentence anymore.

Thank you for reading this rambling stream of consciousness. This diatribe against myself has not been easy to type. I'd cry if I'd the capacity to anymore. But no matter how hard I try, I just can't even bring myself to tears. I can't bring myself to anything. It's getting a little late, so I might go to bed soon. One half of me is hoping to whatever god that I wake up tomorrow, while the other is hoping I do not. Ask me a year ago which side I hoped would win this mental battle, I'd've picked the 'good' side. Ask me a few months ago, I'd've picked the side that would've ended this. Ask me today?

I'm just not sure anymore.