i know that nobody likes meim sorry that i post here so often, but i dont have anywhere else to turn. when i say “nobody likes me,” people often say “well how do you know that?” trust me. i know. ive been disliked for as long as i can remember. ever since i was younger i knew i was different. i could never figure out how or why, but i knew that there was something that made me stand out among the others, and not in a good way. i still dont exactly know what that quality is, and im still trying to figure it out. everyone always ignored me in school, including the girls and the boys. its not that i didnt try to talk to them, they basically refused to talk to me. like i said, its been that was for as long as i can remember, and i cant take it anymore. i dont have any good friends who i can share this information with, and you have no idea how bad i want to. i just want someone to hug me and hold me for a while, and tell me everythings ok. i cant trust anyone with anything. last time i trauted someone i regretted it. i told my dad i had reported my brother for domestic abuse, and i made him PROMISE me that he would never tell a single soul about it. guess what? the next week, i overheard him whispering TO MY BROTHER that i reported him. my father absolutely broke my trust, and i fucking hate him for it. i absolutely fucking hate him. my mom wont stay out of my business for the life of her. and dont even fucking get me started on my brother. i have no one to turn to. no one. im crying as i am writing this. on rare occasions when i actually talk to people, they talk about how theyve had so many bfs or gfs, their friends, all the partying that they do, and i have done none of that. is it so fucking hard to just get someone in your life to not leave? and accept you for who you are and hug you when youre sad? im so done with this. i dont fit in, and i know i never will. ive been searching my whole life for someone who i can relate to, and it has never happened. im debating whether or not to sneak out and buy a rope.