I don't know how to keep it together .I've posted here before. I've tried to better myself. I've gotten clean off of drugs almost two years ago. I miss them, though. I miss the euphoric feeling of the heroin kicking in. I miss the comfort-ability of being completely numb to the world around me. Since I got clean I changed my life style a bunch. I work a full time job that I don't mind at all, I have my own place, I got away from that entire life style completely. The issue though is that since I've gotten away, I've realized that all the friendships and what not I've molded over the years have relied on being a drug addict. I don't have any sober friends. Worse yet, I don't know how to make new friends. I've never felt so alone in this world. Everytime someone tries to get close I find a reason to push them away, as though I don't feel anyone should have to expose themselves to me. I'm a cancer that plagues this world. I'm so fucking ready for the end.


It sounds so mundane when I read what I wrote. It stems far beyond that I suppose. The exact root? I'm not sure. I sit here and I browse the problems of others around me and I feel as though mine are so insignificant that I should be able to just truck it through. I hate myself. I hate what I have become. I hate all the wasted years, and the lack of ambition towards anything. I hate that I got married so early in life and had kids with the bimbo. I hate that I can no longer see my kids because they're so far away. I hate that I don't ever feel any attachment to anyone anymore. I hate that I can't find a reason to keep going anymore. Honestly, I've been pressing on to be able to afford the next drink at whatever pub I crawled into. That's the only reason I've been sustaining my life. I work so I can afford to eat, sleep, and drink. And the booze aint working anymore.


I'm constantly laying here looking up at the dark ceiling wondering how pleasurable it would be to plunge this knife into my throat and rip it out. I sleep with my best friend in misery just inches away from me so that one day I can finally build of the courage to fucking end it all.