Tired. Sick. My mind is shredded. Posting this now so I can sleep.i told someone that I would reach out today. I just want to post this so I know it was said without having to feel anything about who it's said to. 
I've been independent of hospitals, courtrooms, rehabs, and group homes for almost two years now. I was also sober that long until last night. I sought out a psychedelic substance that I always cherished as an illuminating teacher (ironically it has always helped me gain insight and make me stop thinking I can find happiness by self-medicating). Now I realize that I have dissolved any bond I might have had with other addicts in recovery. Thankfully, though, it peacefully quieted the obsessions I was holding on to. This is all happening at a time when I had been researching suicide by some sort of pain pill overdose, which isn't as simple as I had thought. I am also about to lose the safety net that pulled me off the streets. 
Now I feel like there is no one I know personally that would honestly understands the misery of my chronic insomnia, depression, panic attacks, delusions, and distance I feel between the positive people that I've surrounded myself with. I feel like I've worked hard to get to a good place and make positive changes but every day I know that my core is stuck. Even though my life is drastically better than I would have hoped for a few years ago I can't imagine living feeling this way for another year, or 10 or 30. if years of immersion in mental health therapy and addiction recovery have shown me anything it's that circumstances can change but people really don't. I've seen the successful and inspiring types that never stay alone, and the heartbreaking lost ones that always stay that way.
Somehow I am starting a new job that fell in to my lap anyways. after being unemployed for years and I am going to go through each day just doing whatever it takes so that people will remember me as a good guy. The safety net cast by the VA that pulled me off the streets and has supported me will soon be gone. That's my fault, and i was confused by their system. I'm not going back to living the way I did before and I've had too much insanity at times when I thought it couldn't get worse. I get up everyday for weeks thinking I can do what I need to do because I'm going to find a way to die peacefully soon.
I've meditated long about the people that would be hurt and the people that have tried to help. I know how to walk down days one day at a time and I've seen enough to know that nobody is immune to the things that could happen to anybody. All I can think about is how peace would be worth anything.

