r/depression sent me here. What now? (Wall of text)I'm 16M and I've been going through depression for almost 3 years now. In the past weeks I've been considering suicide will be my only way out of this. I'll try to show my points separately so it will be easier to understand, but before let's first know what I think about myself and this whole mess.


I feel so lonely and insignificant, forgotten and sad that sometimes I do not want to exist anymore. I do not have a friend nearby to really support me, in the end it all comes down to pity since I can not even pretend that I have a life. There are days when I barely open my mouth to talk to someone, resulting in disturbing, long nights.

I feel so disconnected from the world and I also feel like a huge fraud by pretending that I am happy. I do not feel real anymore. At this point I am only existing.

Everyone around me appears to evolve and improve, while I remain here in my same corner. Life has hurt me so much that I am afraid of approaching someone. And even if I approached, that person would leave me.

I am so overwhelmed with suffering that I even doubt whether I will be able to continue, or maybe even return to being the person I was. Life did not warn me about the paths I was taking, nor did it forgive my mistakes.

Does everyone say that the first step is to love yourself? Well, it was for me then. This is never going to happen. I saw how bad someone's life is, it's hard and yet they stay strong. Why is it different from me?

Lately most of my nights are infested with nightmares that consume me from the inside until I grab my head in pain, and my days are covered by silence and solitude disguised by a laugh and a simple smile on my face. Life is so gray and dead and happiness seems an unattainable goal.

•Public places (Mainly school)

As "the weird guy" in the class people never really talk to me, and I'm also afraid to approach someone. Doesn't matter who it is. So in my spare time I usually read a book or go play a game on my phone while hearing everyone laughing and having fun around me.

My grades are also getting worse and worse. In a few days I'll go to my last year in school, marked by a exam that will direct me to a College of my choice. I'm doing pretty poorly on every subject, even the ones I like. But as always, the "nerdy dude" HAS to be intelligent and never fail a single thing. People get they expectations high at me so I'll just end up dissapoiting them. 

So I have to sit there for eight hours with always a bad feeling in mind.


Out of school it doesn't get better. When there is  a social event I'm always wondering if I was invited or in other cases, if I HAVE to show up. It's not like not being invited is bad, people usually invite me for this crap only because of my brother. He's the "cool guy". 

So I not only have to pretend everything is alright, but i also have to BE the what people expect me to be, otherwise they'll freak out.

•Online

Now here's the tricky part. Recently I've met quite a lot of people through games or meeting apps. But only a few actually wanted to talk to me. I'll make them A,B,C,D and E.

Person A: Always tries his best to make me feel comfortable and confident giving me advices and telling me funny stories. When I'm feeling down I'll always talk to that guy. He's cool.

Person B: Don't know for sure what's up with her. She did experienced depression, but instead of helping she doesn't want to talk about it at all. 

Person C: Always pushing me to get out of home and be happy even when i don't want to, he does know me IRL so he'll always have high expectations from me and he's really damn persistent.

Person D: Just like person A, tries her best to help me in any way possible. She actually worries about myself more than i do. That's cool.

Person E: And finally... her. I've met her a long time ago. We quickly started messaging each other and get to knowing the other person behind the screen. She, too, suffers from depression but in a higher level. Time passes by and I unconsciously developed a weird feeling about her. I can say i love her even though she probably doesn't even care about it. We recently fought and she doesn't want to talk to me anymore and I'm REALLY scared of trying.

•And finally my family and social circles

All my mates from last year left me without even a doubt. After I started to change they were just like: "Nah, he's not worth making fun of anymore let's move on" and at this new school there isn't much i can do to make new friends.

And then my family: Me, two brothers and my mom. Our dad left us when i was 4. There is almost no communication between us and I just can't tell nothing about this whole mess. They probably know by now and just don't care.

Now that's done i can ask you who are willing to help me, (if there will be people here) what should i do? I'm sick of hearing 

"It'll get better."

"At least your not  ______."

"You can do it"

"Come on, stop with this, it almost feels like your doing it for attention!"

"Suicide is for the selfish and coward."

"I can totally help you."

"Are you feeling ok?"

I could go on but I'll rather not.
