An Update To My Last PostLast time I posted, it was an hour before my birthday, and I was in the spare room with a razor blade and several boxes of pills. I ended up cutting myself for the first time in closer to a year, and honestly I don't feel guilty about it at all, it was a relief. I tried distracting myself using the internet and YouTube, but that didn't work. It felt like days had gone passed while I was taking part in a mental back and forth as to whether or not I should do it. It was only hours in reality. And then the door opened. I was terrified because I thought it night be my partner, or his mum or step dad. It wasn't either of them, it was his step mum's cat. She very big, and used the full force of her body to push the door open. She say with me and, I know it's really stupid but, I couldn't do it. My MILs cat stopped me from entering my life.

I wish I could say I feel better, or that my situation at home had improved, or even that I had a good birthday. Nice of these things are true. My partner did apologise for taking his anger out on me, but I have to say in still upset. I spent most of my birthday in tears, and my only company was the cat, who again forced her way through our bedroom door and snuggled in the bed with me. My partner wished me a happy birthday, but his mother and step father didn't even say a word to me the entire day, and I think they forgot it was even my birthday. I wasn't expecting any presents or anything, but I certainly wasn't expecting to be ignored either. This was also the first Christmas I actually enjoyed, I feel like I was part of a family, and really set my heart on experiencing that on my birthday for the first time. They have their own problems, I know this, but I still feel somewhat hurt.

I still feel incredibly suicidal, and currently the only thing keeping me going is fear of losing a new job I'm going for. I'm holding on by a minuscule thread, and damn I feel like it. I'm sorry to anyone who was disturbed by my last post, I won't be posting here in the future, because if I do end my life, that shouldn't be the problem of a bunch of strangers on the internet. But thank you all for your support and kind words, and I hope the best for all of you.