Too many tries.Today is not a good day. Yesterday was spent in and out of Consciousness in my bed, not even knowing how I got there. On Wednesday night, the 24th, I had some drinks with my mom and then more drinks afterwards. I watched a show where a woman jumped to her death and for some reason that made me want to die too. So I wandered around the house looking for pills. I came up with some benzos Oxys and Ritalin. My plan was to take a hot bath, pop my pills and then slit my wrist. I had the box cutter and everything ready.i sat in the bathtub foelr a while trying to talk myself out of it. Then I took one of each pill. and then 2 more Oxys, idk if I took anything else, I cant remember. and then I drank more vodka, and then that's it. Everything just went quiet and I closed my eyes. The next thing I knew I was wearing someone's t-shirt and shorts and I'm in bed. I don't know how I got there. I'm embarrassed that I'm there, that it didn't work again. I'm embarrassed and sorry. Now I have to explain myself, which I can't do. I wanted to die. That's it, that's the best explanation I can come up with. I don't know why. I just did. I still do sometimes. I'm embarrassed that this seems to be a thing now. I'm fine, I'm happy. And then for no reason, for just a minute I have this overpowering voice in my head telling me that I need to die. I need too! And then it goes away as fast as it came and I'm happy and fine again. Except the times that I agree with it, then it doesn't go away. It gets louder and more demanding, and it's screaming at me that i just have to do it, there's no other option. And so I tried and I fail. And I know that it's going to be back, that voice is going to be back. I have to keep ignoring it. But what if I don't? What happens now? Obviously I stop drinking, that's a trigger I guess. But what else? The worst part is my family. I can't help feeling this way but the guilt I feel for them being on the other side of it is awful. I guess my younger Brothers are the ones who found me, 4 I clock in the morning, completely incoherent. What the fuck? That should not have happened. I am the big sister. They shouldn't have to deal with that, see me that way. I'm scared. I'm scared that this is happening and I don't seem quite as in control as I used to be. Now what? What do I do next time? I keep ignoring it. Every single day I ignore it. I push that voice down so far that I can't hear it anymore, but eventually it claws its  way back up, screaming at me that it's time to go. And so that's how it goes, over and over and over again, until finally I cave. I start to come up with a plan. And of course I fail. But that doesn't stop me. When the voice gets too loud, I just keep trying. First of all, I don't want this part of me to keep telling me that I need to die. Secondly why am I having such a hard time ignoring it. I need help controlling it. But from who? Where do I find that? I don't fucking know. I dont know what to do. Everytime there's quiet, I can hear that voice telling me to do it. Ive been strong for so long, but it seems like I'm slipping more and more recently. I'm losing my grip on the strength to keep pushing thru these episodes, and that's fucking terrifying.