My mom “cant take it anymore”. Neither can I.I’ve been depressed and anxious for most of my life. My parents haven’t helped. They listened in the first little while when things got really bad but now I’m just annoying to them. I’ve been going through a prolonged period of being suicidal (I’m talking fucking years dude) and I’m experiencing a serious spike right now. Everything is something I could kill myself with. Electrical cord is a noose. Could drop a hair dryer into my bathtub. Slit my wrists with the xacto set I bought to try and feel better and make something instead of doing nothing. I can’t hold down a job, I’m living at home, isolated. I have a boyfriend but he just isn’t helping. The feeling, the itch to kill my self is too strong. I keep trying to get him to leave the house so I can just do it. I’m terrified of death but between the depression and chronic physical pain due to it and the isolation, I can’t feel anything. I’m either numb or crying and this has been going on for weeks. I’m back to forgetting what even a fleeting moment of happiness is. And to top it off, the only thing I’ve been looking forward to for months, the only thing I’ve been trying to live for I can’t go to anymore. I’m a failure and I have nothing and not even my dog likes me. I’m better off dead. 

A few days ago I was just lying on the floor in the garage. I’d been trying to build something to keep busy but the materials my dad said we had weren’t right and I just spiralled. I laid on the concrete floor and when my mom came in the first thing she said was that she couldn’t take it anymore. It being me being suicidal and depressed. She wanted to send me to a hospital (despite the last time me going, I got misdiagnosed and put on Effexor which made my life an unlivable hell) instead of just being a parent when all I said literally a day prior was I was cripplingly lonely. They willingly put themselves out of the house on the weekends so I’m just alone. They won’t even take a single day to spend with me. The every next day they left me alone again. 

I feel like I’ve regressed back into a teenager. I would have been committed if my boyfriend didn’t take a fifty dollar Uber to get to me and stop the whole thing from happening. It’s making me feel more like a burden. I just want the pain to fucking stop. I wish they’d all just let me die.