I just want to die.I don't know what to do. I've been depressed since middle school because of my father.

All he cares about is grades. He tells me and everyone else that he wants to die, because of me. Because I am not getting the grades he wants me to get. He says I am a failure, and that if it wasn't for me, my mother would of still been alive. She died in 2006 due to breast cancer. He says that as long as I am alive, he feels like dying everyday.  He says I am a disgrace to his family, and that everyone had straight A's. But me.. Apparently B and C's are bad. Apparently I can't get into any schools with that grade. I got into my preferred high school with those "bad grades" of mine. I know what I want to do when I am older, but I just can't go through with it. Why? Because every single day, I have to hear at least someone comment that I am going to fail in life and end up on the street.

All they care about is my grades. They don't care about me, what I do or what I want to do.


Why should I care about others? I don't even care about myself anymore. I don't even know what to do. Dying is pretty much the only option I have left, as I have nobody to go to.

If what it takes for him to be happy and take care of my siblings is that I die, then fine. I'll die. Not for him, but for myself. I'd rather die now, then slowly die by bearing around all this bad stuff getting thrown at me.

 I spend most of my time on reddit and an online community I am a part of, to get myself away from my real life. These are the two places I feel accepted, where I can express myself. Well, reddit is where I go to whenever I am not in the mood. While the other community, I meet people who actually bothers talking to me.

While I am writing this, I can hear my dad in the background telling my uncle that I am idiot, etc. You name it. All kind of insults.

I've been going through this since I was 11. This started hurting me when I was 13. I am 16 now. I don't know what to do. I just want to end it all together, and just get out of their lives. I can't take this anymore, and I want to die.