Is depression my fault? If yes should I commit suicide? HS Junior's Perspective on LifeNOTE: i know this is extremely unorganized and has terrible grammar so pls forgive me my IQ is only 81 so I am a slow learner

People told me to use a support system when you are feeling suicidal or depressed. I'm sure this works for some people. Not so much for me.

i have talked with both my parents and they think I'm all better now.. only bc i couldn't take it anymore when my dad told me to "snap the fuck out of it" or my mum would get mad and smash things behind a close door. I have talked to a psychologist and a psychiatrist for 6 months, both have made no progress. I tried to talk to my best friend but he just freaked out and then didn't talk to me for 3 weeks. I studied violin for over 11 yrs now yet I can barely get through a 3rd year piece without stopping a dozen times. My GPA is fucking terrible compared to the school average which is 3.9 so my hope of getting to college is very little. The only connection between everything here is that am I lazy which is very hard to fix bc well im too lazy to fix it. Good work ethic is of major importance at our school bc many jokes derive from staying up at 3 am studying for 4 AP tests the next day or how unbelievably over-hyped that last AP US History quiz. What frustrates me to no end is that I practice some things so much and I never see any improvement. Take video games for example. I prolly play 1500+ hrs a year and still I cant fucking improve. I watched countless hours of both commentated and non-commentated gameplay of top level players. Gaming is probably the thing I am best at and still just look at these fucking garbage stats (world of tanks)http://wotlabs.net/na/player/pluto314. (the scale given on their main page is extremely inaccurate btw i am not top .1% prolly more like 10-ish). I cant be a pro-gamer bc I crack under high pressure and I cant do youtube bc I hate being on camera. I don't see how even a miracle could save me now. Sometimes I wonder if God is just waiting for me to fuck up my own suicide and then have an epiffany on the meaning of life after becoming quadriplegic as a result.  

I have run out of ideas on what to do. In my eyes, theres only two options left. One, wait it out until I'm in my mid twenties on the street bc I have no discipline necessary to maintain any job and die of poverty, or try stop it now before it gets that far. Could anyone propose a third solution? If no one can, msg me back for some quick ways I could go considering I have no access to guns.
