I think it's time to leaveI feel I'm out of options here. It's been 7 years and nothing has changed. I don't know why I'm so fucked up. I have a good life in the sense that I've never had any struggles, I've never had financial issues, I've never had anything traumatic happen to me yet I still feel this way. I haven't been able to thoroughly enjoy life for years, in fact, I can't even remember a time where I felt excitement about life. I don't hate my life though... I hate myself. 

I don't even know what self esteem is it's so low. I let people walk all over me because I can't stand up for myself and for some reason I'm convinced that this is all I deserve from people. I don't want to hurt anyone or make them feel the way I feel, I just want to make people enjoy their lives because I can't enjoy my own and I think that maybe I can feed off their happiness just enough to feel something. I'm constantly paranoid that everyone is judging me, how I look, how I talk, why I always look so miserable. I don't understand anything about how people interact. All those subtle social cues that seem so fucking obvious just go over my head. I didn't have many friends before college and I certainly don't have anyone now. Even with the people I consider my "friends", I'm always the last resort. I never get a text first, I never get invited unless I just happened to be next to them when they talk about it. I don't know why it's like this. I don't mope around with them, I try to be pleasant and I try to make everyone smile. I guess I'm lucky to have people who at the very least tolerate me.

I've never had a girlfriend (fucking surprise, I know). Every girl I've ever liked has just told lies to spare my feelings because I'm just fucking pitiful. That's all I want right now. Someone who I can love and hold and give everything to. Sex doesn't matter to me at this point. I just want the companionship. I want to know what it feels like to have someone who isn't my family love me. Someone who isn't ashamed to be associated with me. I've tried so many things but they all have the same result and each time I just feel lower than I even thought I could. I don't blame them, out of all of the options there will always be someone who is better looking, more interesting, not a loser, etc. That's what really gets me though, is that I'm at a point where I am so disgusted by myself that I genuinely feel bad for asking a girl out because it's not fair to them to put them in the awkward place of saying no. And it's not as simple as "go easy on yourself" or "you need to love yourself" because I just can't. I don't even know where to fucking start. 

I have tried so hard, to take a better outlook on life. I've tried to lie to myself and fake being happy but I can't do it. On my rare good days, when I can actually stand to be around people and I can actually get things done, the smallest thing will set me off and I'm back to the start. It can be as simple as just accidentally getting in someones way as they try to walk. That's all it takes to remind me of how much of an awkward, loser I am. Alone and pathetic. I think it's fitting for me. I can't even hide it anymore. Years I spent with a fake smile on so other people won't see but I'm just so damn tired there isn't any reason for me to try. Not just at being happy but life in general.

There is no passion in my life. I don't have anything to keep me grounded, anything that I like doing. I just drift through each day and wait for the next because it's all I can do. This isn't a life nor is it something I can keep doing. I want to be happy and I want to smile and not be alone but that just won't happen. If these are supposed to be the best years of my life, what's it going to be like when and if I can make it to 30? If I feel alone now, on a huge campus with thousands of people who share similar interests, thousands of girls who I can love, then I'm fucked and there's no way around it. I've been holding out for it to get better but it hasn't. I don't doubt that there are good things out there; I know that there's big, great, beautiful things on this planet, but none of them are for me. I don't have anything against people either. I don't have pent up rage at the world or at anyone who's wronged me. I just have rage at how pathetic and impotent I've let myself become. I've tried to take my life 3 times already and I think it'll be 4 soon. The thought of trying to make this work just fills me with hopelessness. I haven't even felt emotion in weeks and I'm beyond caring. I'm beyond help. I just don't see a point to life anymore. I can't walk around without thinking of ways to end it. I see a tall building and I imagine jumping. I hear a train in the distance and I think about standing in front of it. It was scary at first, a few years ago. Now it's just part of my life. I don't want to hurt my parents, the only ones who care but what fucking choice do I have? They hardly see me anyway because when I'm home I just lock myself in my room. They don't have a son. 

I'm in therapy and I'm about to go on meds but I'm ashamed that it's come this far. To a point where I have to take pills just so I can control my own emotions. Therapy hasn't helped either. My therapist is annoying and just nods her head and goes "awww" every time I tell her something. She doesn't even know about half of my problems because all she does is make dumb suggestions that I will never do. The only useful advice she's given me is that exercise helps me forget about how much I hate myself for an hour or so and it's true but I haven't found a place or way to work out where I don't feel self conscious, and even then that only goes so far. I wan't to switch but I don't have a choice because I go to a free health center on my campus so I can't control who I'm assigned to. I don't have the money or the means of going to another place. That and I don't want to be mean to her. She may not help me but at least she's nice. If I wan't to try taking medicine I have to stay with her even after I get my prescription. Even then it'll be a month before my eval and two or so months of dosing. I can't wait that long.

I wouldn't wish this on anyone.

I know I didn't make this easy to respond to, let alone read through. I know a lot of it is just me bitching about how pathetic I am. To be honest, I don't really know what I was hoping to get out of this. I wish other people didn't feel this way or that I didn't feel this way. They say that suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem but I think 7 years and counting is no longer temporary. I just wish I could have made a bigger difference in peoples lives, we focus on so many ugly things in life and it shouldn't be that way. 