No motivation for anything.I'm seventeen years old, failing high school and considering dropping out. The only thing I do these days is sit at my parent's house and play games, talk to people and listen to music when I'm not waiting for school to end. All this to distract myself from reality. And by no means do I have a hard life, I'm in a well off household, no abusive parents(My father split from my mother when I was only a few years old and I've only seen him a handful of times in my life.) or abusive siblings. I'm just in a state  of emotional turmoil that I'm not so sure I'll get out of. 

With that out of the way, I'll begin.

Lately, I've been wondering whether or not to take my own life. I've many means to do so, so it wouldn't be a problem. I've been going to a therapist for some time, but, as funny as this sounds, to save myself I've been lying and avoiding topics relating to suicide/depression/anything touchy like that. If I told my therapist or parents how I really am on the inside, they'd do anything in their power to make sure I had the 'help' they could get for me. The problem is their idea of help vastly differs from what emotionally low people consider help.

The reason I want to take my own life is a bit long, but it boils down to lacking motivation to go anywhere or do anything in the world.  I don't want to get a job, get paid for the job, buy a house, get a wife and kids, get a car, pay bills, etc. for the rest of my life. It's a sad existence I don't want to live out. This isn't a popular opinion in my family, but this is something that's been bothering me for quite some time. I haven't reached out until now because it's reached a critical level and I'm not sure how much longer I can go.

Nobody I know other than the very select few I've informed of this(people who have no knowledge of me in real life)online know about this. It's masked by my attempts at making people laugh, acting goofy and overall just not being real because I don't want people thinking I'm weak or someone who just wants attention.

At this point the only thing keeping me going is the hope that this girl I've had my eye on will get with me, so I have someone to care about and have someone who cares about myself. I'm afraid to talk to any of the people I know because they won't take me seriously and will write me off as some attention seeker. I just need somebody to talk to, guidance, anything. 

A genuine thank you to those who took the time off their schedule to read this whole thing.