I’m 17, I want to kill myself, I’m being bullied, I was sexually abused when i was younger etc. I need help/advice.. just someone to talk to as well I never told anyone about this, but when i was around 6 years old, I was sexually abused by an adult, I was trying to get away from him, but couldn't. He grabbed me and tried getting my clothes off and succeeded, he looked like he was enjoying it, i was scared beyond believe and was in a panic while this was happening, He did things to me, i tried to kick him away, but i couldn't and he did things.. I've never told anyone about this, i tried to put it away and not think about it, It happened nearly 11 years ago and i can't forget that day. I never told my parents, I told no one and the guy got away with it. 

I've been bullied since I've been Secondary school, nearly every day. They never quit with it. I never talk to them, I've never insulted them or been rude to anyone in the school.
I tried talking to a friend but she was uncomfortable with the situation, she was the only one i could trust with this situation. I can’t talk to my parents about this.. because it’s way too hard to open up, I’ve tried a few times but i automatically think about their feelings and I know what they’re feeling and i can’t take it. I cut myself a lot, i know it’s stupid to do but i can’t stop doing it.
I’ve tried talking to a therapist, but I can’t open up no matter how much I try.  I tried switching but it didn’t help either.   I’ve tried to commit suicide a few times and failed, but the next time i won’t fail, once i do what i planned,  I won’t be able to turn back even if i wanted to. I already wrote a suicide note and have it finished, I’ve deleted my accounts etc sorted out some personal things. 

I made this topic in the hope i could get some help from people, I know i don’t know you people.
But maybe i can open up since I’ll be anonymous and no one will know who i am. This is my last attempt at getting help.
I’m hoping for advice and if possible someone to talk to.
