Anthony's story.I'm 17, male. I don't know what's wrong with me, but I can't seem to care about anything. I don't care that I would destroy my mother if I killed myself. I would be gone anyways. I've never had a girlfriend, I'm so lonely to the point where my chest is always hurting. I really didn't think I could physically or mentally hurt this bad. Parents split when I was young, maybe 7 or 8. Didn't grow up with any brothers, only 6 other sisters all significantly older than me. I wasn't wanted, my mother took cough medication while on the pill. She married a man she apparently didn't get to know enough, because when she married him, he changed completely. He became emotionally and potentially physically abusive. I don't know if he physically abused her. She always wanted me to like him, she never told me what really happened. She just wanted me to be happy, and have a family. She dealt with the abuse for years and years. When they divorced, I didn't understand the magnitide of what happened, I was a young kid still. But I knew enough to know they didn't love eachother anymore. I only have one memory from my childhood in that house, with my parents together: 2 of my sisters and I sitting in my room while my parents fought. I remember telling them I was hungry, and being told we had to stay inside the room for now. I wondered why mom and dad had to fight all the time. 

After the divorce, mother got main custody. We were poor alot. I don't remember too well, but I do remember being hungry, and there just being a box of crackers in the cabinet. I don't know if my father paid child support.

School wasn't an escape, I was severely bullied there. With no real guidance about what to do, and teachers who quite literally *watched* while I was beat, I just took it. 
 I was living with my mother mainly, I'm glad she got custody. She had to work full time day and night to afford rent and food. I was home alone alot. I remember crying whenever I had to go to my fathers house, lying on the floor sobbing and having my mother just try to reason with me. She just wanted a happy family, she tried so fucking hard. She tried so hard to make things right, she sacrificed SO much. She truly gave it her all, 110% the whole way.
I don't blame her for anything.
 
I had a few friends at school, but for all but one of my school years, I was severely bullied. From about 4th grade and up I dealt with it. It got violent when I was age 9 or 10. I remember just wanting a group of friends on the playground. Just didn't wanna get hit anymore. Didn't wanna be scared and have to run. I went through all of school like this until 2nd year of highschool. One day I wouldn't go out the door. I refused. She homeschooled me from then on. So I learned *nothing* in the way of social skills or the other million things you needed to learn from growing up with friends and kids around you. I never even had a chance to have a relationship. I did have a girlfreind when I was maybe 15. Didn't last long, we broke up and we never even kissed. Developed severe trust issues and eventually full on paranoia. Time passes and I become really depressed. I don't know whats happening at this point. I have a hard time remembering things. Severe social anxiety.. Mom tried to help with putting me in boyscouts my first year of homeschool. That was pure torture. Panic all the time while there, general anxiety must have developed there. That stacked with social anxiety. Depression very quickly escalated. 2nd year homeschool I started to hit myself and eventually cut myself. It made me feel better for a minute, I liked the rush it gave me. It felt good to hurt myself, to punish myself for sucking at everything I did.  I Forgot to mention my whole teen years I've had acne, covered my face since I was 13. Also generally ugly, that didn't help. I wanted to have a relationship, I wanted to go to parties when I was in highschool. I wanted to do so many other things.
 
Suicidal thoughts started happening about 2 years ago from today. Then got serious this past year. I got a job, and I work full time while I finish my senior year now. I have no idea what I'm going to do if I finish school. We're poor. So poor I could have had free college. I couldn't do it, too scared and too stupid anyways. Told her some lies. I just was too scared of being alone and in a big university or something, having to deal with other people again. So scared. The anxiety took over. Lost that opportunity. Now the place I work at has this girl I really like, shes out of my league and we talk sometimes, obviously only as co workers. Every time I think of her my chest hurts, alot. I can't put into words the pain I feel when I think that I'll never get to hold her, we'll never be together.  I Don't wanna linger here, it hurts to think about it, to think about her. I stopped sleeping around this point. I probably sleep a few times a week. Mostly staying up all night. I don't know if I have insomnia, but we can't afford meds for anything anyways. Not that I would want help at this point.

At this point the cutting has become a severe addiction, I'm cutting deep now but my mother doesn't know. It's hard to walk alot of the time. I've never really cut on my wrist and I've become so sheltered she doesn't question me when I always have a shirt and long pants on. I don't remember a time when I was really happy. It's hard to get bandages, it hurts alot. I dissociate alot now, and I actually don't mind it. It doesn't hurt so much when I dissociate. The mental pain eases when I go into that state.
I have tremors in my hands, so they shake a lot and it's hard to control light weight and small things. No idea when I got that, dunno how it developed.
 I've already tried to hang myself once before, and it didn't even hurt. I started to fade and it felt nice. The edges of my vision faded and I almost did it, but it's so hard to fight the natural instinct. so hard. The voice I have in my head shut up for a second, but this past few months it's been much more calm thankfully. I got drunk on Christmas, that was nice. I just laid there. Lonely and hurt. The thought of death comforts me now.

I'm sure I missed some key points, but life is just going to get so much harder very soon and I don't see why I have to keep going.
I've got 2 months until I'm 18, I have severe scars covering my shoulders and a thick layer of large scars on my thighs. 3 big scars high on my forearm. It's obvious what they are. It's so so hard to fight the urges. My mother hasn't seen any scars, ever. I am very careful. Why would any girl ever want to be with me? I can't go swimming. I can't take my shirt off. I can't even wear short sleeve because the scars stretch down from my shoulder because I had no more fresh skin to cut. I don't see a reason to keep going, all the color has faded from this world, I don't care about anything anymore. Nothing has value. Everything is boring. I can't remember a time when I was ACTUALLY happy. As in not faking it. Actually alright.

I never understood why people always needed someone to care about them. I just wanted a family and a lover. That's all. All the songs about suicide I listen to always jam in your head "PEOPLE CARE PEOPLE CARE!!!" 
So? What does that solve? I still have all my problems..? Maybe its because I never felt cared so I never needed it, I have no idea. At this point I really don't care. I don't want help. I don't want to be happy because this life is pointless and it HURTS to live. Can you understand that? It. Hurts. I don't care if it gets better, I've waited a decade for that. I can't take another week, how can I get through the next 2-3 YEARS while I get a place of my own and *somehow* get a decent paying job with a highschool diploma? All while I'm alone? Tell me that. I don't get how it's comforting that I'm "not alone". Okay? Strangers feel the same way I do.. 
That just makes me feel worse, all these people suffering. All the evil in this world, and everyone is suffering in it. Why would that ever make me feel better?? World war 3 will inevitably start and I'll be drafted to kill innocent people. 

Not trying to put down anyone that feels better when people say that others feel the way that they do or that others care, but I can't comprehend it I guess. I don't know what happens the next time I get my hands on a gun. I'll probably put it to my head and pull the trigger. Like I said I don't care what I leave behind. I don't know what's wrong with me. I've never been completely honest about my life before, this is the first time I've ever written this out. I don't know if anyone will read it, but I hope someone reads this whole thing. At least one. Whoever you are, I hope you find the one you love and you truly find happiness with them. I really wish everyone could be happy and be at peace. I don't know what happens after this life, but I don't understand why it would have to be more suffering after this life. Why would something create us just to hurt? Why keep making me hurt like this after I die? Who would do that.. that's SO HORRIBLE. Evil. How can you send someone to "hell" (unimaginable pain and suffering) **for eternity** for ending one's pain here on earth? What kind of logic is that? What? I don't see how someone can believe in that, because I can't. 

I'll take my own life soon, and it won't be a tragedy. No matter what anyone says, it won't be a purely selfish act. It *isn't* sad that "he had to die so young".    
 When I finally manage to kick that chair, those last few seconds? 

I'll have a smile on my face.