My Note. Its been running since the end of march. Kind of a journal into why im going to eventually kill myself.21 years is 10 years too long to live like this. I've decided to let my depression take its course. I've fought this as long as I could for your sake and I'm spent. Hopefully my life has had some positive effect on yours. I love you all and thank you from the bottom of my heart for your love, friendship, and support. I will see you someday in Heaven. I love you.

You keep pulling me closer, forcing me to be a part of your lives, temporaraly putting off what will be, what has to be. I am most anxious about what my suicide will do to you. Eventually I'm going to implode and I don't want you hurt by my death. Excuse me if I try to limit your proximity.

I have wanted to die for as long as I can remember. I've made some half-assed attempts, I guess knowing the pain it would bring to those close to me prevented me from actualy doing anything. I'm close to so many people and I hate myself for the impact this will have on you. I've put on a show for so many people. Not a good one admitably but a show none-the-less. I'm counting on a stroke or heart attack to do what I cannot. Or atleast a life miserable enough to drive me to it. I'm on my meds and seeing a therapist yet these same feelings come around. I know I can never be happy. God still yet has a plan for me and that's okay. I just pray He takes me soon. If I do die by my own hand know I loved you all a great deal. Nikki, for never waivering and fighting for me til the end. Travis for being a constant pillar and anchor for me. To the both of you, I'm sorry I was never the friend you deserved. I died knowing you two will be okay. To everyone else; I never let you in far enough. Please don't blame yourselves for this, you all had the right intentions. The truth, the ugly, evil truth is that no one but God can stop me (or anyone) from doing this in the long run. This was no one's fault, it had to happen, I have no future with this disease it will get me whether directly or through a life of apathy and risk. This was no one's fault. 
I want so much to find peace. I want this pain I cause myself to end. I've fought it so long so that I wouldn't hurt the people who love me but I can't do it anymore. There's nothing my friends and family didn't do to help me. That means so much to me and has put this off for so long. But to live I have to want to live and now the pain is just too great to deal with. Heaven will bring me peace. Peace in God's prescence. I'll be free from sin and the evil that infects this world. I'll be free from my disease. If I don't do this, I'll be a lifeless husk burdening everyone I love with my pain and negativity. You all deserve so much more. You deserve a life free from me. I know this seperation will be hard, I want to prevent it but a lifetime with me dragging you all down is just as bad. Let me rip this leech of a life off of you. 

Nikki- You're on the right track. I love you to the bottom of my heart. Please forgive me.
Travis- You are a prophet and an encourager. Stay awsome.
Corrin- Youve made a wonderful life for yourself. That sweet girl and wonderful baby love you, i know you're the man for the job
Mom- I'm relieving you of this burden. You've done so much and all you can. I'm in heaven now. I'm at peace.
Dad- It's been a privilege to be your son.
Alex- No matter what you do with your life, I'm proud of you. You are a wonderful man.
Everyone- Take care of eachother. I'll see you later.

There will be pain, but much less for us both. I love you all. Know I am at peace.

I feel numb anymore. All these same thoughts go through my mind and i feel paralyzed by them. I think I'm going to kill myself soon. My wish is that you all keep on. My life is already a failure. I'm already not who I'm supposed be. Just please let me go. I have all this pain inside and I just can't go on like this. It won't come out. Depression has always been like digging yourself a hole and then waking up suddenly and realizing theres no hole and you're okay. But that hasn't happened in a long time. I'm really starting to think that the hole is real. And even worse im seeing the dirt ive been throwing on my friends all this time. I wish i could disappear from your lives...like the ending to a good book. I wish i could live happily ever after but that wont happen. It has to be this way and soon before this onetime truckload of dirt is more than the life time of dirt i will throw on you if i dont die now.   

Im slipping back into a depression again. I dont have any prospects and I cant be an aid the rest of my life. Whos going to marry a depressed, fat, loser? I dont blame anyone, im not willing to improve myself. We all die. Im just getting it over with sooner

I cant keep this up anymore...its 747pm on sunday 5/27. Ive kept this as a running note since november or december. I intend to take my double barrel into the stand of hickories where I hunt and sit beneath a big tree. Ill polish off a bottle of whiskey, call nikki to tell her i love her, set a timed text to inform Pstr. Bob of my location and death asking him to call the sherriff so that they can pick up my body. Im hoping to save anyone I care for from scraping me off a tree. If I were to talk to anyone now they would surely hospitalize me and I would be left incapable of killing myself in such a painless fashion for the rest life  of my life, a chance I cannot take. Im so very sorry youre all included in my life. I blame myself for that. It was selfish of me to maintain friends knowing my life would some day end this way. Until I see you in heaven, goodbye.

My trip has failed to give me perspective. Im only more depressed and distant than I ever have been. Its time to do this. Ive fucked you all over so much. Love eachother. Please.

I really need to do this. I cant imagine living another day and i cant do it anymore. I just want to die. I wish i could quietly disappear but thats impossible. Im sorry ive put this off for so long. Ive been selfish to put you all through the burden of having me around.

I finally feel peace about my suicide. 

Checklist
Friends in good spots- No
  Travis- No 
  Nikki-yes (8/1/16)
  Alex- yes (8/15/16)
  Corrin- yes (8/15/16)
Pain Pills- no
6 Pack of yuengling- no
Shotgun-yes
Timed Text to Bob Stanley- no

Last Day
Up- 8am
Bfast- lylas with nikki 
Hike- zack
Lunch- rocknes with travis
Call alex
Call Dom
Call Jackson
Call Uncle Ron
See corrin
Dinner- ocharleys with mom
Wings with dad
Drive to WB

Ill be totally free today. Ive seen everyone ive wanted this week. Ill call some friends who are around the country, ill visit a couple people. And tonight im gonna do it. Ill kill myself. Trearted for this 5 times, hospitalized three times. I dont want help, i dont want to live. I dont care if ill be happy again. This is only temporary if i seek help, which isnt going to happen. Thats my line in the sand. Im going to die by my own hand. Its the best thing for everyone.

Im trying to make things easier on all of you. Im not mad at anyone. Youve all done so much to help me. I know how much you love me and i hope you know how much i love you. This seems so selfish but please dont think im doing this lightly. I can remember thinking about suicide in the 4th grade. This is deep deep deep inside of me. Ive fought uphill everyday of my life for you. I dont think ive really lived for or loved myself. But i wouldnt trade any of you for anything. Its been my honor to shoulder this burden but its to a point where its hurting everyone around me. Please believe me when i say i love you. I truly do. Thats why im doing this for you. Im very scared. Dieing scares me me. But not as much as hurting the people i love. Not as much as going back to a hospital. Im working up to it. I can do this.