I wasn’t supposed to make it this far.Long story short, I’ve been struggling with thoughts of suicide since childhood. I had a couple years of recovery, but after I just turned eighteen last week, it all came crashing down; I wasn’t supposed to make it this far. I told myself I’d commit suicide if I didn’t get accepted by a university and I actually did get rejected by every single one I applied to, but at my parents’ behest I applied to a rather prestigious school that I had no hope of getting into through clearing and lo and behold, I got in.

It feels dishonest. I don’t deserve it. I don’t meet the requirements, and I’m not sure I’d survive in such an institution anyway. God knows it’s a waste of money, since the only thing keeping me from drinking bleach is the watchful eye of my parents. Cutting doesn’t do it for me anymore, it just feels.... routine, and I’m running out of discreet body parts which my parents won’t see the scars on. Drinking works, temporarily, but at some point you run out of alcohol and get existential again, and then puke your guts out. 

I know it’s cowardly, self serving, and narcissistic, but I’d rather go out having everyone think that I was capable of great things, only prevented by having died an untimely death, than to live a miserable life battling my own mediocrity. I know I cannot do this, at this point everything about the outside world terrifies me. I don’t know how I’ll cope once lockdown is eased and I’ll have to go to school, and god forbid, talk to people and pretend I’m alright so I don’t scare away prospective friends. Not to mention I’ll have to cope with a completely changed world where nothing makes sense anymore and I’m utterly alone because no one else knows what the hell they’re doing either.

On the bright side, if I’m gone, my parents won’t have to pay that ridiculous tuition fee. Living out their retirement in luxury without fear for their finances is bound to ease the pain of losing a child.

I don’t really have much to live for. Even my regular coping mechanisms are unhealthy and push me ever closer to the precipice, and if I should lose my footing.....