I am a garbage byproduct of my generation that doesn't belong anywhere, will never have a stable or secure life, and should just be forgotten.I am a surplus.

I am a too much.


I am someone no one is hiring because there are too many of me.

Whiny Millennial with a college degree in sociology.

I am told that I have to be an adult and grow up, take care of myself. That I am entitled for thinking that I should be able to afford things without working myself to an early grave. This wasn’t supposed to be how my life was supposed to go. My parents and their parents had careers, bought houses, started families. Why can’t I. Why can’t I work enough to be like them? Why am I so spoiled and lazy? Why can’t I find a job with a living wage? Why do they make so much luxury shit that they say we should have. Luxury shit like, apartments, health insurance, a 5 day work week with regular hours, cable tv, food in the fridge, time to go shopping and cook. Who can afford that? Not most people. Not surpluses like me.

What I am is a surplus: surplus labor. I am what is left over.

I am expendable. I can be fired at a moment’s notice. I cling to a job that I tolerate because the alternative is even worse. I have no clout. If I complain, even about things I have a right to, even about being put in a position where I have to break the rules and thrown under the bus when something goes wrong, then I am expended. I have no rights. 
What am I even for? Why do I have to keep living? I am never ever going to retire. There is no possibility for savings and the political class seems committed to making this situation even worse and to dismantling what little remaining safety net there is, what little retirement there is. I am going to work like this until I am dead. Why wait?
I went to college. I got good grades. I was good in school. I didn’t go to juvie. I have ultimately the same fate as those who did. The only subversive thing I did was transition to female and maybe smoke weed once in a while. But even people who didn’t do those things seem to wind up in the situation. I am aging, but my 20s never ended. I don’t feel like I have any security or stability. Once my mother is gone, I am completely doomed. Why wait? Why live in suspense?

I can’t even get sick or go mad. I have so little breathing room.

I also can’t help but feel this is all my fault. I did have a career for a short time but I burned out. I also couldn’t continue living as a man and couldn’t transition while in that career in that part of the country and it was just going to bubble up in my mind over and over again as my hairline got further and further back. Getting a new teacher certificate will cost far too much in time and money that I simply do not have and honestly, thought of facing my own classroom again is not something I think I can do anymore.

The thought of becoming homeless is one of the most nightmarish things I can think of happening to me short of prison and I fear that homelessness can lead to prison. Homelessness, destitution, and prison keeps me complacent, keeps me going to these jobs. What society really wants though, is for me to die. That is what is most convenient for society, for all the surpluses to just disappear, so they can continue selling vacant luxury condos and walking past bums, the surplusest of surplus labor to sell big screen tvs that my generation can’t afford, and throwing away they old ones that can’t be fixed because society needs people to buy the new one but also needs to pay the overwhelming majority people too little to actually do so. Why argue with society? It just puts me on the streets or in prison to experience misery forever. I am a garbage person, disposable, expendable.

Surplus.

Too much.
	
