I Need SupportI am 16, and need someone, anyone to talk to. For at least the past year everything that would cause sadness or anger has built inside of me. I have had brief periods of exhibiting severe depression, but never sought help because the only things I was hurting were social. I had never thought about killing myself, or even self harm until after what happened on Friday. To set the scene: I have (had) a small group of extremely close friends, but throughout the year they have felt distanced from me, and me from them. This is due to many things. First, at the end of summer  I broke up with my girlfriend due to the aforementioned depression, all was fine until school started back. Seeing her reminded me of what I was lacking, and I, to my friends' collective chagrin started courting her again. They told me many times that they thought it was a bad idea, but I didn't listen. She cheated on me. Next, I share very few classes with them, so I have to resort to auxiliary friends and acquaintances in the majority of them. I am also a very habitual person, so when I sit with these other friends, even when I have the opportunity to sit with my core group, all I hear is how I'm such a dick. Finally, and this is the kicker, I have had my eye on another girl. She's gorgeous, and smart, and funny, but again my friends don't trust her. Combine this criticism with the stress of being successful in school (I'm taking three AP classes and basically failing them all), being better than my drug addicted father, mother, uncles, et. all. You have a cornucopia of tension built up. 

This Friday was a rewards day for meeting the benchmarks for the ACT and state tests. I intended to sit with my friends that were going, even willing to put aside the fact that one of my best friends was sitting with my ex (their closeness is another major stressor). No. They called someone else over to sit with them, so I sat with other friends. On the bus ride back to school I sat with my best friend, Logan, and he criticized my sitting with the other friends. This made me mad. We return to school and go to fifth period. We get into an argument and I end up punching him in the face three times, cutting his lip, face, and hurting his jaw. In the end he required five stitches, a CT scan, and he can't eat solid food. I got suspended, but somehow, I guess because I'm seen as a "good kid" it was spun by my family into a positive thing about making up for back-work. That is another issue.  None of my actions seem to have actual, real-world consequences. 

Anyway, Logan and I have talked, and he is more concerned with what is causing the behavior than me hitting him. Meanwhile the rest of my friends are avoiding me, one even telling Logan that they're, "afraid to be around me." These, and the anxiety over losing the friends I have and having made enemies combined with everything else has made me think for the first time in my life about ending my life. Please. Someone help me before I make up my mind.