inevitably helpless will be my historythe title puts it bluntly but to eloborate more, im fucked. ive looked at every possible thing i can do to improve my life and make myself bappier but im just outright boned. most of my problems are catch 22s, so theres no way of me fixing those and the few things that theoretically could be fixed require an outside source. this means i cant do shit but others could. those people being family or people responsible for making mental healthcare more affordable. currently, my family would be unable to help because it would require them to get more income which im sure if they could of, they would have. it would also require them to recognize that im in need of such care as currently they think im "fine". convincing them im not fine is currently pointless qs it would result in unecessary stress since there wouldnt be anything they could do anyways. and as for mental healthcare becoming more affordable? its unlikely. in fact, it will likely only get worse to the point it starts to endanger my housholds current state of income. so its not even looking like it will get better but rather worse without me doing anything as if i COULD do anything. its dumb that im this helpless. its pathetic. and yes, ive looked into every method there is to try to get mental health but nothing works or is applicable. i almost wish i had missing limbs or something so i could get disability to either help out on costs for the household or to put forward for mental help. tempting.... looking at you legs.... its funny though, i have a higher chance of removing a leg so i can get disability then i do getting a job or getting mental help that i do actually need to run a (semi) normal life. it wont ever be normal since im really will never be alright and i will never be normal. i cant deal with people, i cant deal with numbers, i lack all confidence, i have issues with.... self attacking? not sure what the word is, but i constantly feel people are judging me till it breaks me down in a pool of self hate. its like i feel peoples piercing eyes staring into me. judging me, seeing my flaws as if they know me personally. they know im not one of them, like a black sheep. is it my posture? the way i clamber about? is it the way i talk? is it how i look at things or the way i stare at people unblinkingly when they talk to me? mabey its how i look? tall, 6 ft 4, long boney fingers like i have fingers of a deathclaw (like in fallout newvegas/3/4). mabey rumors spread about me? they know the freak i act like when im not outside in the open? mabey they just hate me just like everyone in my past? i could be just that kind of guy that you take two seconds and look at before immediately thinking "i hate this person". mabey i did something wrong and they hold a grudge against me for not realizing what ive done? who knows. point is, i cant stand the work place. i cant handle it. i break down and end up quiting. i dont mind the work itself though. want me to move shit monotonously around? sure! i might even enjoy it. but its a problem even getting there and being qualified. i used to be stronger physically but ive let entrophy set in since ive become more depressed. my eating slowed down and with my fat, my muscles shrank. used to weigh 230ibs. now i weigh somewhere around 190ibs. and even then i didnt become more attractive because i still have this skin and slight amount of fat that makes it look like i had a pot belly that got deflated slightly but still has some air in it. my teeth are no better, crooked and jagged. i could try to blame my parents for not being strict on me to brush my teeth when i was little, but we all know that ones on me. doesnt matter though since im not good looking and have nothing to flaunt my looks at. the dating department is just a mess. i finding a partner is the worst part of it of course. then theres the issue of actually trying to get with someone as ive mentioned earlier about my lady killer persona. lady killer as in they would likely run in fear of me as if im michael myers. or him i guess? i cant decide what i want. im afraid of women but wouldnt be so afraid of sexual contact with them (though it will leave alot to be desired since im quite kinky and id never tell them my kinks) but as for men its the opposite. im not afraid of them but im afraid of my own sexuality. years of being called gay as a insult amongst other things will do that for ya. bit ironic they were kinda onto something though, but at the time i had not intrest in either so they were still technically wrong. probably wont live long either. i dont eat healthy and mostly just eat what i crave and what is easy to make. i mean, if i wasnt already digging my own grave, id swear life was out to get me. seriously i have no luck. the only thing ive been fortunate about is that i have a family, i do have someone i love (who has finacial issues themselves, are suffering eith depression worse then me, and lives in another country so i can hardly ever visit and living with them seems impossible given their current income. its ironically my best bet at a happy life, but money plays a huge role in it as opposed to any other methods where they dont play as big of a role), im not in worse condition then im in physically or mentally, and im not living on the streets. think thats everything.... could go down the list of all the bad things that could of happened in my life but havent and call it "lucky". womder if reddit will let this post be this long? im not sure what the limit is..... im mostly just adding onto it now because i dont want to go to sleep because i dont feel like sleeping on a schedual when im depressed or, rather depressed more then normal? not sure what to call it. not sure what else to put down that makes my life the way it is (while being comfortable saying it in the first place of course!). i mean, slightly mentioned tramas in my life so theres all that. my dads a piece of shit. the kind of "im going for some cigs" kind of dad except he doesnt smoke and hes the kind of psychologically abusive asshole before he finally decides to dip. my brothers the same. my sister likes her spotlight, was kinda the same to me but also had major drug problems. my mom is the one currently taking care of me as if im a vegtable that can walk and talk but shes always been complacent with my problems and over all not very helpful in terms of things outside of phsyical care or finacial care. so thats my family in a nutshell. and the more i write about it, the more i just seem like a whiny bitch whos life isnt so bad. did i mention im dualminded? ill contradict myself on everything. in one instance i both think my life is horrible and not that bad with explanations on both. not sure if its normal or what, but i liken it to something similar to a failed split personality. sounds like snow flakey nonsense, but trust me on this, im definitely not right in the head in more ways then one. i would assume alot of this post is proof of that atleast. some of the stuff i wont even begin to explain and some of it i would be to ashamed to explain. i gotta lot of shame or.... however youd word it. cant get naked infront of anyone. way to embarrassed and afraid. not much about me that im proud of aside from being a complete fuck up (yeah.... i dont really know why either. i guess since i can atleast cling to the idea that im "special" that it makes me happy despite it all being negative. i would say its a good thing that i think of it positively like that but a bad thing that i would be considered "special". like telling a person "oh hey! youre special because your heart is failing and youre about to die!"). i guess im proud at the fact i can accurately analyze things psychologicaly really well? but, a doctor who can diagnose himeself with cancer, cant cure it. same thing with me. i understand my problems, but it doesnt fix them by simply knowing about them. so even though im proud of it, i hate it about me because it actually makes things worse for me. its all about perspectives, psychologically analyzing things tends to open more perspectives, and with me, that means more negative perspectives which just makes me feel worse. especially since i never look at something one way, i always look at things in multiple ways. when someone asks me "are you the half glass full or empty kind of guy?" id say "depends how you look at it" which annoys people because they want either one answer or the other. but i cant give any of those answers. i dont view things like that. finally gonna go to sleep now.... ive stayed up too long and if ruin my sleep cycle anymore then ill be even more depressed when i have to fix it. by the way,  for anyone wondering, what i mean is sleep rhythmia disorder. for some reason its impossible for me to go to bed earlier then when i go to bed the night before. so if i stay up too much then i end up having to stay up all day so im up at reasonable times in the day. cause if im not, then i dont get to talk with my boyfriend which makes me feel like shit and get incredibly lonely since ita already a long distance relationship as is and they are the only person i converse with.