I gave it a year. I don't know if I can give it anotherIt's been almost exactly a year since I made my most serious suicide attempt to date. In that time, I spent almost two months in protective care/custody. I also found a job, but that job ended up creating more stress for me, and caused me to further bottle things up. 

In early August I started suffering more intensely from the demons of my own mind, partially due to a death in the family as well. Because of that I found myself incapable of going outside for several days and subsequently I lost my job. The amount of nerve it took me to walk in to collect my final paycheque was almost too much for me, but somehow I managed to push through it. 

Throughout the rest of August I fought against my rising anxiety due to the coming bills and my lack of funds. Thankfully I found a new job, and I covered this months bills with my first paycheque along with my parents sending me some of my inheritance from my grandma.

Though things seem to brightening, I can't seem to brighten my own perspective. I feel like nothing more than a burden to those close to me. I truly believe that they only deal with me because they feel bad for me. I've chased away my closest friends time after time again. I can't help but rely on my parents even now. I have no real hobbies, close personal friends, or such. Even just recently I've chased off a girl who may have actually loved me, or may have been playing with me unconsciously. I can't seem to help but burden and hurt people. I think it's time I finished the job I started a year ago...

Also, if anyone is curious (though I doubt they are) my mental health history is as follows:
My first conscious suicide attempt was at age 12, when I attempted running away from home to reduce financial burden, then again at 13, where my mother walked in on me staring down the window of our 7th floor apartment. Following that I was good for a while; until 15. When I was 13 I moved away from my parents to live with my grandma until age 17. In that time span I took up self-harm, attempted asphyxiation, overdose and the slicing of my own jugular. I was subsequently diagnosed with depression, and I had to go live with my parents once again. I kept myself from any further attempts until 19. After that point my attempts spiked again. I tried to fall asleep in a snowbank, continued to self harm, more overdose attempts, several hospital visits as well as being admitted into a mental health institution. It was around this point I was rediagnosed as being bi-polar. These continued to build up onto each other until last year, when I was 23, on the last day of September, the day before I was going to move into the townhouse I'm currently living in with my roommate. During which time I created a chemical cocktail out of the many heavy-duty cleaning agents I had easily available due to my job. Unfortunately I only woke up with a very sore throat. I barely made it through October before I broke down and my parents directed me to the hospital. I was institutionalized not long after that, during which time I wasn't even able to get my roommate to bring me a change of clothes. I spent about a week and a half, maybe two weeks out before I went back to the hospital and was held in the mental ward until December. During that time I was also diagnosed with anxiety. I haven't made any attempts since then but I've looked longingly at train tracks and fast moving traffic far more than I care to admit. I'm worried that I really will end it all at the end of the month. I have too much of a plan already with way too much research. I'm scared and I don't know how to reach out anymore. I've overburdened and pushed away too many people already. Maybe I just deserve to die...