I've been in anguish for a long time, now I've been dealt the final blow... HIV.I'm 27. I'm a gay male, but I've struggled with being gay for as long as I've known about my sexuality. When I was 12, I was diagnosed with OCD/depression and was put on medication. I maintained, and did really well in school. I ended up going to a good college, but was hit with a huge wave of depression and dropped out at the age of 21. I moved back in with my parents, and have basically laid in bed in the dark everyday for the past 6 years, occasionally turning to alcohol for relief. At the beginning of this year, I decided to put my life together and start building a future. I quit drinking, and was actively looking for jobs and possibly going back to school in the Fall. 

During the summer, I was contacted by the only man I've ever dated. We hadn't seen each other in 6 years. He was in town for business and asked if I wanted to meet up. We engaged in what I thought was safe sexual behavior as I am always cautious and protected, however two weeks later I got hit with an extreme illness that hasn't let up even until this day 5 months later. I immediately thought it was HIV because as a gay man I know the signs to look out for. I kept testing and testing and was negative all the way out to 4.5 months. Finally I went in for a final test at 5 months and was diagnosed. The man I thought I knew, disappeared and fell off the face of the planet. He has completely avoided me and won't own up to infecting me. I thought I was safe and did all the right things to protect myself, but I guess I was wrong. He was the first person I had been with in years. It feels unfair to be diagnosed just as I was starting to put my life back together. It feels like being kicked when you're already down. I feel like I've got cement blocks on my feet now. I feel stuck. I have no job, no skills, no resume, no friends, I live at home with my parents, I have no money, no health insurance. I have no way to pay for HIV treatment which means I will probably die a slow, painful death. I'm thinking about ending it before it gets to that point, because I'm already in a lot of physical pain because of this illness, which my doctor says is strange for a new infection. I'm devastated. I'm tired. I just want to go to sleep and never wake up.

EDIT: Today is my last day. Tonight I'm going to end it. It's been a ride, but now it's over. Goodbye everyone.