I don't want to die, but I don't see any choice.I came to SW to help people. I thought helping others would help me. But after quite a while of reading posts, I realised that I'm in no position to help despite how much I really want to. I don't really know how, and that hurts because I really want to help. So I suppose I've resorted to making my own post now.

I don't want to die at all, you see. I want to live a happy life, see things, discover things, love things, hear things. I want to enjoy the summer and build snowmen in winter. But I feel like I have no choice anymore, because there is no happiness for me and I can't do those things.

I'm 23, and I have a disability which makes it almost impossible for me to walk. I can very short distances - perhaps down the stairs to the den, or to the bathroom - with aids such as a prop (I hate saying stick) and holding onto walls, but then I absolutely have to stop. I usually just use the walls. 

I can't even use a motorized wheelchair or scooter, because my disability affects my co-ordination and eyesight.. and over stimulation of the senses can set my body off haywire too, and make me very ill with a chance of landing me in hospital. So even if I had someone to push a chair for me.. which I don't.. I would still be stuck in this house, this room. I have been for years now, since my health degraded as a teen.

The doctors can't help, they say it seems incurable. They say it seems like a mix of things. They can see the affects on my body with tests, but they dont see the root of how or why. They're sympathetic, but after looking at me for 7 years, they can't help.

I hate seeing 'what about the people who love you?!' as a reason to live, because I have none. I get so frustrated when I see people say that.. even if its not directed at me.. it's like rubbing it in my face. Is it so hard for people to see that some of us have no one? When we say we have no friends, we literally mean we have none and don't talk to anyone all day? No one who cares? Family who doesnt bother, family that may even resent? When I see that 'reason to live', it makes me feel like theres another reason not to.. because I don't have anyone. No one would miss me. My mother acts as a carer and is the only person who would even noticed if I were gone, but if it werent for the fact that 'caring' for me so helps her further her political career, I would be out of luck. She's very much resents me, but uses me as a tool, to get votes. I've been in the papers against my wishes a few times because of this. Furthering her cause. Her lying about what she 'does for me'. I hate it. I'm currently sitting in a bed that hasnt been changed for 5 months, covered with rubbish, in a room filled with cobwebs. She doesnt let anyone in here. If the papers come, I'm ushered downstairs and my illness glamorised for her.

I do go on, don't I.. My point is, I can't enjoy the summer, or build snowmen. I can't see anything outside of these walls. I have no one. I'm not loved, and I have no one who wants my love either. I don't want to die, but I see no choice when the possibility of being happy is impossible for me. Because I'm here, and this is it.

I tried to make friends online. Every time, I'm just used. They start off sympathetic about my illness, then it always seems to turn into some morbid reason to use me.. because they know I'm isolated, they know I'm not going anywhere, so I'm just used until they have no use for me. Because I'm just broken worthlessness to them.

So many times that has happened. Used for advice, used for flirting, used for entertainment. All online. That trusty, faceless, online 'friend'. I cannot even see the possibility of meeting anyone who actually likes me, and who I actually can like and trust back, anymore. I just feel so exhausted and done. 

I don't even want to talk to anyone anymore, it feels like so much work just to be used and forgotten.

I did fall in love once. He used to visit me. I miss him with every part of me. It's been a very long time. I still dream about him at night when I dont want to. I can't even begin to describe how much I loved him.

Sometimes I imagine my last stand.. I'd make my way (albeit slowly) to a high bridge, just around the corner from me, that's over a river. And that would be it. The pain and the isolation, all over. All of this. It seems like the only choice.

And that's me.