HiI know this is weird af posting to internet strangers... after my last close call I just want my gf to treat me normally. Like I wouldn’t say I’m actively suicidal because methods seem painful if I had a gun I would no doubt do it now. I don’t get it I have a decent life parents pay for school I have a girlfriend  and future (not a flex just saying my situation) I’m only 22 and I know the future is bright but at the same time what’s the point just stalling till the end? I didn’t ask to be born i’m so sad/angry w my life afraid of failure I don’t want to be here idk life is whack even tho considering the world average I’m blessed. I just don’t want to be here I didn’t ask to be put on earth I want to be better than my parents but like why even stay here. I’m so close to finishing my degree (after a year off) I just hate comparing myself to other people my age because they’re all graduating like shit my girlfriend has an adult job and I’m like doing online classes (because of corona I would be in actual school otherwise) I just feel myself comparing myself to them. I feel so isolated I want to text my best friend and roommate of three years but because of depression I feel like I have no friends I’ve stopped texting my homies and like have gone full hermit idk how to get out of this hole I know they would en there for me but idk how to start a relationship again because I’ve said I’m busy every time they ask to hang and it’s been months. Like life is AIDS I’ve turned to alcohol ever since my other best friend died. I just want the best for myself but don’t know where to start.  It just seems easier to not live anymore idk. Like life just seems like a screensaver rn no point in sticking around. Sorry if this is incoherent I took some Benadryl and Xanax might drink and hope I’m not here tomorrow (even though I know I will be) idk what are some painless ways to end it all without a fire arm hanging seems horrible I just wish I won’t wake up tomorrow. I drive dangerously smoke and do other drugs not for the high because I hope they’ll give me cancer..I volunteer to handle asbestos anything that seems cancer inducing or deadly I step up for at work I just wanna go painlessly... I lean on my gf but I dint want to put her through this anymore just wanna slip silently into the good night. I’m not religious or anything so I know death is gg but like it seems better than this life I know I’ll never make a difference so I wanna be out just wanna sleep forever. Sorry for ranting just don’t know where else to turn like my only achievements are being very good at some games and finishing 3 years of school..