(LONG) I'm losing my will to liveI hope someone out there has time to read this; it may seem a mess, but im literally pouring everything in my head into this.

I guess to start if off was meeting the girl who I thought was my soulmate. We'd been talking/going out on dates for several months when we finally confessed our feelings for eachother and I couldnt have been happier as we felt the same way towards one another. She was the year above me and gorgeous in every way I could see, I considered myself very lucky and I fell hard for her, as in ready to put her life ahead of mine hard. 
But soon after the confessions, she ended things without a real explanation which, i guess, started this spiral of shit which is my life. I felt I could be myself and comfortable around her and when she ended things my only thoughts were "I'm not enough" and that genuinely ruined me, the thought that acting the way where I'm being myself isn't enough. Ever since then I've never had the confidence to find a relationship or at least try to as I know it will always end in the same way. I've had several "flings" since then but again, they always end in the same way: me being pushed aside. It just makes me feel so shit and useless.

I dont really have any real friends anymore either as they only seem to be friends with me during school or when I have something they need. Every time I ask if they're around to do something, I get aired and find out they all met up anyway without me, I live pretty far away from all of them too so it's not like i can turn up easily and join them. I've always felt alone in my life  especially as I've been bullied badly when I was younger, but recently it's hitting me hard as I'm seeing 'friends' going out more and more but yet no invite for me. And I always seem to be a laughing stock for people no matter where I go, they always think they can say horrible shit to me and expect me to not deep it just because I maintain a blank expression, when in reality the things they say are on loop in my head making me feel worse and worse by the minute.

On top of all of this, I have a draining job which I hate but I'm broke, I'm doing shit in school, I have a dad who rarely talks to his children and whats worst of all, I don't trust anyone enough to tell them about all of this as everything I seem to say in confidence ends up being spread like wildfire, so I've kept quiet and have been bottling it up for years. Even now I'm deleting and retyping this as I dont even know if i want to post this here because I'm scared it will somehow be shared and people I know will trace it back to me, it's stupid I know but that's how my brain acts most of the time.

And I keep saying to myself that someday someone will come along and make my life worth living or things will start to pick up for me so I just need to wait until then, but in reality, I dont know how much longer I want to be waiting, especially as each day is starting to feel the same but with me feeling a little worse. I just feel like the only way to stop the same long ass fucking routine of a day is to end it all, and the part of me which fights those feelings is slowly beginning to give up too.

The reason I haven't tried to kill myself yet is my mum and siblings who I really care about but I never show it as I dont know how to. It's just coming to the point where I don't know what to do with my life anymore.