Im just 16 and already completly desperate about anythingHello Reddit,
First things first: I am a 16 years old male in Germany.
I think this might be the most fitting sub to explain my situation into. Please excuse any grammar mistake that may occur, English is not my native language.

Basically I am in German highschool in 11th grade from 12. School is doing good and im actually not stupid or anything - if I would focus on school it would be really easy. But there is the problem. My feelings for in my opinion useless stuff prevents me from focusing on basic and important stuff. As you may imagine, me being in school, im get in touch with a lot of other people, but what I've read the last 2 years I seem to be extremely introvert and shy on top of that. My self esteem is basically non existent and it makes every move I take really hard.
To fight that I am regularly going to the gym but that doesn't help much I think.
Friends I made over the years (somehow) start doding me and don't really hide it - they go party without me, don't involve me in stuff and so on.. im losing touch to them and actually start not liking them.

Me being introvert and shy makes me completely isolated from girls and i can't help it but I like girls, or try to like on enough to maybe get into an relationship. Because that is one "useless" thing that bothers me a lot and basically makes life really hard. I wasn't in any relationship my entire life, although I don't look that bad (I think) and having a healthy and sharp mind. I can make people laugh when im comfortable but nobody seems to appreciate that. 

At the start of this year school we got a new girl into our grade, and man I really like her. She seems completely fitting to me, e.g. she is browsing Reddit. I messaged her but made the situation already really weird and having speak to her in real life once. Awkward as fuck. But that's how my entire life goes actually.

I like wasting my time in bed and laughing about suicide memes, making me think to commit it as well. Our financial state in the family isn't the best and I have to work on my own for anything I want to buy.

As a last statement, even if I repeat some things from above: Im getting more and more socially awkward and getting less and less contact with other people. My thoughts and feelings are all towards that one girl somehow and I try to tell myself that this is really stupid and I should focus on important stuff, but that just doesn't work. A lot of my thoughts also tend to suicide. An easy way out. Just no worries anymore. 

Now im stuck in this cicle of me hating myself. I read some other threads in r/askreddit and some talked about just keep in living and just let yourself surprise what might happen next. That's on what im living atm.

Maybe you got some tips for me or some solution.

Thanks for reading.