It doesn’t actually get better... does it?I’ve basically been suicidal off and on for 8 years. It started in 8th grade, got super severe in 9th grade, and became more of a background fog for a while after that. Now it’s been back for 8 months worse than ever, and it won’t leave. 

In 8th grade I originally started to show signs of self harm, anxiety and depression. I lived in Texas at the time and came out as a lesbian, which led to me being public ally ridiculed on the bus and one kid threatened to turn me straight. At the end of the year I realized I might actually be trans. An important point: I had two very close friends who were both very unhealthy. We were all unhealthy. But for me at the time, I thought they were the best people I’d ever met. 

In 9th grade I ended up transitioning socially from female to male. At the start of the year I was jumped and threatened by a group of guys who remembered me from their classes the year before, and when I spoke up against them they threatened to hurt me. I couldn’t walk on my own even during the day for almost 3 years. When I went to the school they did nothing, saying that since it didn’t technically happen on school grounds they couldn’t do anything. They told me they expected something like this to happen. 

Also in 9th grade, one of the friends from the year before became highly abusive. She had done this the year before as well, but she would scream at me if I ever made her upset for any reason, or if I ever upset our other friend in any way. If I told anyone, it only made her angrier. She would also gaslight me, telling me things about herself one day and then cornering me the next, threatening to hurt me if I ever told anyone what she said the previous day because none of it had been true. I still don’t know what was true. She cornered me in the hall and told me I would never and could never be a real man, then laughed when I started to cry. It made one of our mutual friends so sick she ran away. I still have ptsd from when she told me she would kill herself if I ever spoke up to her. I finally got the courage to speak up to her. She tried to kill herself. I haven’t been able to speak up to people properly since. 

After 9th grade we moved to California. My friend group there was a lot healthier. I had time to heal. But I was never able to form super close bonds again. I think I closed myself off. I’m still unable to form bonds that I feel are close to this day. 

Things from then on we’re all right. I got into college, had a good enough first couple of years. Almost dropped out a couple of times because I felt bad my parents were paying. I felt like a burden for using their money. The year after that I got more touchy but it wasn’t extreme. 

Then this year I moved into a house off campus with a friend and three people I sort of know. The night I moved in, I took an edible with two of my housemates. They started to talk about how they hate anyone who is more privileged than them. I don’t think it was targeted at me, but the things that followed after made me not so sure. For some reason this sent me into a spiral. I realized I’m a terrible person. I come from a well off family (we weren’t always and both my parents came from very little but they worked their way up) and we’re white. These are things I can’t control, but no one can control them. There is no reason I should be in the position I’m in. I don’t deserve it. There are millions of people who could better use the privilege I was haphazardly given. 

I began to obsessively look up articles telling me I was a bad person. I became actively suicidal, convinced the only good I could do is donate everything I own, any money I have, and anything at all, and then kill myself so I can’t benefit from/waste the privilege I don’t deserve in the first place. I still believe this. 

Then my mom came down because I was on suicide watch. My housemates didn’t know this. I have never told them. One of them said “oh, my mom could never just come by to visit because we’re poor”. She didn’t come just because. She came because I was on suicide watch. The other housemate scoffed at a salad cleaner my mom bought us at a garage sale, saying “is that a rich people thing? It seems like a waste of plastic.” It cost $0.25 and it saves us water when washing salad leaves. This same person also always has to comment on my food I’m eating, sets up “traps” for me (“Hey, how do you feel about x food?” And if I say I like it he scoffs and says “I knew you’d say that), and generally judges everything I do, yet always tries to act like we’re friends. I don’t trust him. 

I’ve tried getting put on new medications, changing my sleep schedule, adding in exercise, being with my friends more often, pursuing my hobbies. But every day the light seems to get dimmer. Nothing actually excites me anymore. I’m convinced my friends hate me and think I’m some awkward well off white kid who’s wasting their time. I love my friends. But I’m scared they hate me. I don’t even look forward to things I like anymore. So what if a game I like is coming out or I might have the opportunity to work a job I enjoy? Nothing feels worth it. It hurts to be alive. I know my existence does nothing but damage those around me, no matter what they say. 

I want to believe it’s possible for things to get better, but after a constant suicidal haze of almost 8 months, I’m beginning to think it isn’t. The main reason I haven’t ever acted on it is because of my family and obligations, but now even those seem more and more distant each day. 

Is it even worth it to try anymore?