I don't deserve my life...Hi reddit, I've always been a writer so maybe putting my feelings into words might help me. 

I've been through hard time recently. I feel like I destroyed my life. I ruined everything... just to pretend to be better.

I was a university student doing a major in education and enjoyed it. One night I was hanging out with some friends and we were played drinking games. I lied to look better, as I always had self-confidence problems. I admitted the lie on the morrow as I couldn't bear the consequences and the person who was the target of the lie told me she had forgave me. I had recurrent thoughts about the lie and told her about it, as I was going down on my bottomless spiral. She told me not to worry about it and the I shouldn't psychologically harm myself... But I never totally went trough it and dropped out of the university because I couldn't see that person without reminding myself of how much a jerk I was. Result: moved back to my parent's house. 

Second thing was my job. I had a great job in a museum, but I lied to my boss to have access to uniforms we would make tourists wear for special activities. Thing is that the reason why he let me use the uniform was that I told him I had an Halloween activity planned at the school where I had my intership, but I hadn't... I simply wanted some attention for a costume, which I realized 5 minutes after I was in. I removed the uniform after putting in on and left it in the locker and went through shame and guilt. When I came back to my apartment I wrote a mail to my boss telling him that I had wore the uniform, but not that I had lied to him. Guilt followed and hasn't left me since last Halloween... which in turn made me quit my job at the museum because I couldn't bear to see my boss. 

After everything happened, as I wrote, I left the town where the university and the museum were located and moved back to my parent's house 190 miles from there. Which is where I currently am.

I still feel guilty and shameful for everything I did. I tried to see a psychologist but it didn't turned out well as I was unable to tell all the truth. My past mistakes come back for time to time and the only thing preventing me from using the .300 to blow up my head is that I know that my family cares about me and I don't want to be a burden more than I already am. 

I destroyed all the plans I had made for my future and I'm not sure I'll be able to live long enough to see the end of it. Suicidal thoughts that first came in highschool with bullying came back 6 months ago and I haven't told anyone I had them, not even in highschool.

The two only things preventing me from going to the other side are that I know my family care about me and that it will cause them great pain. They will leave for vacations in two weeks and I'll be alone for some days. I fear that those days might be my final ones....

TL;DR: I ruined everything, feel depressed, want to die and end the pain.