I'm just really fed upThis is probably going to come off as sounding whining but I guess that is what this is. I just want someone to listen and maybe offer me some advice. But I guess to understand why I'm even considering suicide, I should go into background.

My sister is a bitch and I quite honestly have never hated someone as much as I currently hate her. A few months ago, I didn't feel this strongly. She has had it pretty rough herself afterall - was abused for a long time by her boyfriend and then he took the kids away from her. She has tried to kill herself multiple times, and is diagnosed bipolar. Once, she took all her meds as a suicide attempt, and punched my mother in the face as a result. Understandable given the meds, but still, very disheartening. She would be mean to me, and my boyfriend of 3 years. Took my boyfriends work clothes out of the dryer once to presumably get back at us for using the washer after her (I guess she had more clothes to wash?), and told me how much she disliked my boyfriend regularly. I don't like conflict so I just tried to ignore her. Fast forward to a few months ago, and she moves out, on a permanent road trip with her boyfriend. Things are great. I remember what life is like without her, as sad as it is, and my depression fades away. However, she unfortunately gets robbed, raped, and finally, gets pregnant and comes back home. Wants to do a garage sale to save up money to get an abortion and leave again so I take my day off to help her move things and organize. Halfway through the day we are taking a break and she starts smoking. I'm allergic to cigarette smoke, but I could deal. I was however worried because I had two cockatiels downstairs, and one started having a hard time breathing. I asked if she could please go outside to finish her cigarette. She told me no, and started getting irate despite my attempts to reiterate I was only asking because I was worried about the bird's wellbeing. She started saying things like 'I want to shoot your fucking animals you piece of shit'. At that point, I lost the patience I had, and told her to get out, which of course upset her more. She came up a couple inches from my face and tried to bait me to punch her, I'm assuming. My boyfriend jumps in to protect me and she gets irate at him and calls him a socially inept piece of shit among other things, then states she is taking back her room (which is now mine after she moved out years ago) and went upstairs. We heard banging and my dad called her back downstairs. After some more named calling, she says she is leaving, then decided to shove me when my back was turned (if my boyfriend hadn't been there to catch me, I might have fallen but the shove itself didn't physically hurt, at least). She finally leaves, after telling us 'have fun cleaning up the yard' since all the garage sale items were still outside. We immediately went upstairs and the damage was pretty extensive. My gerbil cage and my rabbit cage were flipped over and the couch and cat tree were as well. One of the gerbils injured his leg in the process. Luckily the rabbit wasn't in the cage (he was outside playing, which she was not aware of) but he probably would have hurt himself badly if he was. After all of this, my mother tells her not to come back. The next day, things were okay until night time. Late at night my boyfriend went downstairs to get a bite to eat and use the bathroom down there to suddenly get yelled at. My sister decided to come back and sleep there. The next morning she is still there. We go out for a bite to eat. Come back to the doors being locked and her literally sitting on a chair casually smoking a cigarette next to my birds. She then flips us off. We leave, call my mom, and my mom tells her to get the fuck out. She leaves. We go inside, to find dead animals on my bed. 
The dead animals (rats) were previously in the freezer because they passed away that week (we had a horrible virus go around) and I legally needed to get death certificate made by a vet since they were the rescues animals. My dad goes out and gets keys made for the locks for all of us and we lock the house up. Next day, I go to work and get a call from my boyfriend. Apparently she broke in, came upstairs, threatened to have her boyfriend beat my boyfriend up (she literally broke into my room where he was staying, and yelled at him, while he was naked). After she took a shower, she tried to break into his room again, which he had barricaded with my desks. She freaks out because he has a wrench in his hand for protection, and takes his glasses off his face. She didn't give them back for a few days, so I had to drive my boyfriend to work. He had a migraine for those days, for obvious reasons. Meantime, she just stayed downstairs like nothing happened. When he finally got them back they were pretty broken. Still broken to this day (the lens easily and repeatedly falls out) but we are going to get new ones for him soon. After all that, minor conflicts would happen once in a while but nothing as major as the ones I've previously mentioned. One time my boyfriend walked downstairs to get some rat food from the garage and she threw ashes in his face, without any provocation. Later on she said it was because he smiled a funny way (it was not directed towards her at all!). We also got in a tiff where my mother told me I could eat some pistachios so I later grabbed a couple and my sister got pissed because they were hers and I probably never washed my hands....needlesstosay, I do. 

She is still living with us, and that is where my depression sets in. I'm in my room all the time aside from when I work and when I do go downstairs, I'm filled with mixed emotions of hatred, anger, and hopelessness. The downstairs where she and her boyfriend reside is off limits, and she is using my old piano bench to hold up her huge tv, which I'm not pleased about. Not to mention I used to play piano a lot, and now can't at all unless she is gone, which is rare. I feel like a prisoner. I go downstairs to wash clothes and to leave for work, and that is it. It feels unfair that she has such a great life right now with her boyfriend - no rent, no real chores, and no repercussions for all the things she has done to me and my boyfriend. She is always laughing when I come downstairs and it's just a stark difference to how I'm feeling inside that it makes me even more depressed, that she could be so happy while making my life miserable. She just gets to watch tv and not work at all. We had to make a kitchen upstairs and buy a mini fridge because I went days without eating for fear of going downstairs and getting hurt. I've thought about ending it multiple times. I guess I'm thinking maybe if I was dead, she would understand what she did was wrong, and I could finally have peace. I'ts even more depressing because I remember what it was like with her gone, and I fear I won't have that comfort and safety for a long time. I've talked to my mom about this. But she understandably doesn't want to have to choose between her daughters, and doesn't know what to do either and just tells me its selfish to think of suicide. I'm just at a loss. I don't know what to do anymore, and I'm not sure how much more of this I can take. 