Wouldn’t kill myself but i’m ready for deathI’ve been struggling with depression for the better part of my life &amp; recently i’ve been struggling with depersonalization. i’ve become everything i’ve ever despised, I hate myself now. I don't know what went wrong, i don't know how to spend time productively, i can’t find enjoyment in regular activities anymore, i feel like a piece of shit with bad habits who just spends his time trying to escape this reality by getting high, i don't know how to change or what good habits to fill myself with. Even the few people who have seen this side of me that i can’t seem to, will eventually leave from my life or already have. I see life as mostly lows with peaks in between, because the truth is that everything good &amp; bad must come to an end eventually, we’re all just waiting for the bad shit around us to go away, or these feelings to go away &amp; while time does heal &amp; does take these feelings away, it’s only a matter of time before it’s something else. Hard to think positively when none of the “ideal” things in life are truly promised. I get that there’s a lot of people who have gotten through depression &amp; the consensus is that “it’ll get better” but being someone who’s tried therapy &amp; different antidepressants &amp; none have been yet to work, im quickly loosing hope. I’m very close to graduating (if i even can) but i’ve gone from an AP, all a’s student to just barely meeting the passing requirements. I want to feel the way i once did but now i just feel like i witness my boring life from the sidelines, i don’t feel in control of myself anymore. I just feel like i’m riding out my life, waiting for my day. My memories don’t even feel like mine anymore, they lack any type of emotions. I screw many good things up &amp; often i can’t help but getting mad at the people who truly care. The only real thing i feel anymore is anxiety &amp; depression, because when it’s not those, i just feel empty. I’m not suicidal by any means because i can recognise the repercussions that’ll come from it but i don’t fear death anymore, matter of fact i’m ready for it. I’ve come to the conclusion that life isn’t what many set it out to be, i have 0 control over what may or may not happen to me &amp; that haunts me.