I need some advice. [HUGE rant warning]This isn't about me, personally.

My best friend (we'll call her Mary) knows this small group of people, and has known them for about two months now.
She's been dating this one girl for all of three days, and that girl (we'll call her Alice) is the best friend of another girl (we'll call her Jane).

Here's where things get bad. Last night Mary calls me at around eleven, saying Alice told her Jane went missing. Mary had an argument with Jane a few days ago and Mary immediately starts to think it's her fault something is going bad. 

Hearing Mary freak out I go to her house to be with her. Mary and I have been best friends for four years, her family is like mine, etc. No word is given until about midnight when they find out that Jane had a gun, but there was no bullets in it and she couldn't have gotten to them anyway.

Needless to say, Mary is freaking out. Eventually after no words, Mary's dad tells her that she should come spend the night at my house so she has someone to be with her. 

We go to sleep, we wake up, no word. We both assume that this means that Jane came home and everything is okay.

Around 10am this morning, Alice calls Mary. Jane had shot herself. 


All hell breaks loose in my house for awhile, Mary is in hysterics (naturally), and we try to convince her that this isn't her fault. She calms down once her dad arrives. Her father doesn't want her to go to Alice's house so he asks her to stay with me. Mary invites Alice and one of her friends who knew Jane to my house.

It seems like a good point to mention I have never ever met Jane, I've heard about her and she knows about me, but that's the extent of their relationship.

TL;DR - My best friend's girlfriend's best friend committed suicide, and now my best friend and her girlfriend are at my house. 

Eventually. Mary and Alice go to Alice's house with Mary's dad's permission. My mother, however, refuses to let me go, even though Mary wants me there. 

Part of me feels like it's not my place. Well, most of me feels that way since I didn't know Jane, and only met Alice in person today.
Part of me also feels like Mary is in way over her head, because she's only known this girl a week, and only been dating Alice for three days. 

But then again, I feel like I should be there for Mary. She asked me if I wanted to come, and earlier she said I should go. But then I feel like she doesn't want me or need me.

What do I do? I feel like I'm Mary's best chance at calming down and sorting things out - because I've known her longer, and I'm pretty much her sister. But then again, I don't have much of a place in the situation.

I've been there for her, and I still am, and I will sit here and wait patiently until she needs me like all of the adults tell me to. That's not really what I'm asking, what I'm asking is, what's someones take on this? 

(sorry for the rant)