Police officer struggling with suicidal thoughts I cannot openly talk about.This is a throw-away but I intend on reading responses. I think I just mostly want to type and get things off my chest.

(TLDR; Who can I talk to about my strong desire to kill myself without there being an fear of repercussions?  Every outlet I find wants to know my location or my contact info before they'll talk to me.  I just want to call a suicide hotline who won't trace my call.)

I am 35 years old and live and work in Southern California as a Deputy for the last 10 years; I am no spring chicken.  My wife of 7 years and I have been struggling with infertility for 4 years now. lots of surgery and medication but no end in sight.  The stress of scheduled sex lives has absolutely taken a toll on us.  We're still very much in love, but its not the same.

In July of 2020 I had a fairly "routine" call involving child abuse that kind of pushed me over the edge. after the call I had a mental breakdown and I have been out of work since then.

I take 45mg a day of Buspar (my wife says it doesn't help me... I am not sure), Xanax as needed as prescribed by my DO (I originally took....alprazam? but had a rare side effect and had to stop).  He has asked that I see a psychiatrist but the next avail appointment is mid-January. 

I digress...

Because of my line of work, if I talk about suicide it can be... well... career suicide (no pun intended).  So I keep all these thoughts absolutely bottled up inside and have to act like I am not having them when my therapists asks about it.  My therapist is provided by work and specializes in law enforcement issues, which is nice at times.

I think about killing myself... hourly? I usually wake up 1-3 a night in the middle of a panic attack.  I cannot get away from this pain; its almost a physical pain. I have specific plans on how I would kill myself; the works.  I think about the entire process in detail often.  When I drink I usually come so close to actually doing it that I really fear its only a matter of time until it happens. Which is so ironic to type out.  Clearly I have reservations about killing myself when I am in the right state of mind... but when I am in the wrong state of mind it sounds like a realistic idea. I am physically exhausted from all of this I genuinely want the pain to end and I not seeing any answers on how to make it happen.

I want to talk to someone about this WITHOUT putting my job on the line (being put on a 5150 hold in CA means I cannot carry a gun and therefore... yeah...).  I am so heartbroken and frustrated I just don't know what to do anymore.  Every day seems like groundhog day.  I desperately want my wife to leave me because she deserves better; it would make it a lot easier to end my life if she hated me.  I have completely gotten rid of social media and blocked my parents out of my life for no really good reason.  What a downward spiral the last few months has been.

Who can I talk to about my strong desire to kill myself without there being an fear of repercussions?  Every outlet I find wants to know my location or my contact info before they'll talk to me.  I just want to call a suicide hotline who won't trace my call.  I really think I will end up killing myself within the next few months, but ironically I don't want to talk to anyone who might be able to stop me. This is so backwards.

&amp;#x200B;

Just typing this out if very exhausting and I might go to bed for the night.  Thank you for listening.