Just VentingJust posting this to get a bunch of stuff of my chest really, here goes.

I've been depressed since as long as I can remember really, even since I was just a kid, but I have sort of flair ups where it gets worse than usual. I'm going through one right now but it seems worse than usual, cause along with the usual grinding, crushing depression I keep having fits of rage/anger, I never physically hurt anyone though. I keep clawing at my skin and pummeling my head and legs when I feel like that, sometime I make weird noise sort of involuntarily, grind my teeth/clench my jaw or laugh with any stimulus whatsoever. I've been paranoid as fuck recently too, somedays I can't leave the house without feeling like I'm being stalked/followed, and I always think everyone is staring at me, which makes it worse. I do fuck all with my life, I spend most of my day pissing my life away on 4chan or playing video games. It's all I seem to have the energy to do. I stopped going to school just before my exams because I couldn't handle it, I felt like I was going to snap and go on a rampage at any moment. I don't really have friends, I mean, it's not like I don't talk to anyone at all when I'm at school, but I don't socialise after school, haven't for years. I don't mind though, but it always sends me down if my parents call me a loner and such. I can't bring myself to be interested or motivated to do anything. I recently started teaching myself to code but i'll probably just stop like everything else I try to do. I've never had a girlfriend. There were a couple of girls who seemed like they were into me before I dropped school but I was probably just reading way too much into things like usual. I don't even want a girlfriend, really. I don't think I have the energy to deal with the bullshit that'll inevitably come along with it. My parents are always calling me lazy and such, despite the fact that they know I'm depressed. They just like using me as ammunition to get at eachother/ make everything about themselves. I also have a skin condition where I get crusty scabs in random locations on my body. And there isn't even a known cure for it, lucky me.

So yeah, I'm pretty much just waste. Typing this at half 3 in the morning on my laptop in bed cause I cant sleep. There's more stuff to say but my head hurts from the punches so that's all.