All this college admissions stuff makes me want to tell you my sad story!So where do I begin, ever since I was 14 I've been wanting to go to the best university in my state (university of washington) Ever since I went to the campus at the age of 14, I've studied for basically my whole life. At the age of 18, I was rejected. So i went to a 2 year college with the intent to transfer in because I just couldnt imagine myself at any other university. During my time at this 2 year university, i went thriugh massive spouts of depression and suicidal thoughts.

 The only thing that pushed me through it was studying in the library of my dream school pretending to be a student there telling myself that it will one day be worth it. After i sent in my application, i literally walked around the campus for a few days just to see what it would be like to be a student there and look at the beauty of the campus. I even started to believe in god a year before applying and prayed all the time to make it into this school. I volunteered, worked many different jobs and worked my ass off the become the president of 3 clubs to try and polish my application. I spent a year writing the personal statement getting everything perfect and was in near tears when i submitted it.

 Im 20 now and got rejected once again will be attending the branch campus (tacoma) while my brother got accepted to the seattle campus straight out of high school. 

Now everytime I see the word college I just remind myself how much the universe hates me and doesnt want me to be happy. Sure, to you guys it may just be a school. But to me, getting into that college wouldve been a pay back for my dad for immigrating here and sacrificing his life and proof to him that Im not a complete failure. I literally told myself/god that the hope of getting in was the only thing stopping from killing myself. 

Getting in wouldve been a validation from the world that all the loneliness,depression, sadness I put in through high school and community college was worth it. Now I get to watch my brother go and enjoy the beauty of the campus that ive dreamed about for years. Now everytime I see the (tacoma) instead of (seattle) on my resume I'll always be reminded of the 4 years of sweat blood and tears i put into my dreams only to end up in an inevitable failure.