Things aren’t supposed to be this wayI mean really, how hard is it to find someone? Apparently for me it has to be impossible, and at this point, I think it’s okay to give up. Some lucky bastards grow up with young love, female neighbors who fall for them through childhood memories, some meet through clubs and hit it off, and then there’s that chance encounter, I read a comment from a fellow redditor about his meeting of his wife, how he rubbed his hands on his jacket to create static, went and zapped her, and gave her a calculated date pun, and I still can’t comprehend how he got from point A to point B. I found out not so long ago that there are women on tinder with boyfriends, actually, online dating is a joke in general really, unless I pay undeserved money, I won’t be able to meet people who are probably worthless anyways. I want that chance encounter and I have tried it, multiple times, yet it has come to no avail. There are so many horny guys, and I have to be one of them apparently, and I’m pretty sure that’s given women a big head, they go around showing themselves off like a giant tease. This is exactly why rape happens, if people were sexually content, then rape wouldn’t be a problem, but the point is women should be more upfront about sex, they have it easy anyways, all that matters is how they look, they can have a terrible personality, but we won’t know that, and for the first while we won’t care. Then after the sex, you decide if things are working out. How can people just assume things without having sex anyways, it’s an important part of life, and everyone who yearns for sex, save for a few exceptions, should be entitled to sex as a means of expression, or as a means of relaxation. I don’t think anybody who’s had sex would be on here, unless something out of the ordinary happens. I think it’s over, all women are terrible people who behave with seldom respect to the amount of testosterone in the male body, it doesn’t matter who they are, or what they do, they were already too late, about 3 years too late for me, and that is absolutely unforgivable, I’ve thaught about sex since I was 7, I at least deserve consideration for these long years I’ve waited. I don’t want to be one of those swarms of fuckboys, I had hopes and dreams and feelings, nobody has ever cared, not once, keep in mind “cared” has a different connotation here, if someone is not willing to do anything sexual with me, they don’t “care” about me, because that’s my problem, it’s not control, it’s not patience, it’s not some mental block, it is the denial of having sex, I want to have sex, there’s no changing that, the only things that can be done are to either remove the blockade between me and sex, or remove me, and that blockade hasn’t moved in a long time, so I don’t see it moving any time soon. I just need to do it once, just so I can get a full feel of what it’s like, I can’t stand porn, the 5 minutes of talking, the corny foreplay, I’m so fucking sick of it, I have to feel it, I can’t just watch it, and sometimes, it’s just clips, fuck the clips I wanted explicit intimate sexual content, so instead of this bullshit, I can think of the time I had sex, it doesn’t have to be perfect, but I can at least get something from it, my imagination isn’t strong enough to fantasize, I keep getting distracted and angry I need something concrete.