I think this is it ...If you read the title, then I think you know where I am going with here.

I think it is time for me to just end it. Just finish it, once and for all or else I will keep on suffering this torture, this curse that we call life. I just don’t see it. I can’t see the good anymore.

Keep telling me that there is a lot more good in this world than bad but I just cannot see it.

I see humans, the entire human race as nothing more than just cruel, selfish bastards who care nothing more but themselves. Compassion, kindness, empathy, love … those seem to be just fake words, expecting us to get by with society

And I confirm this because I have tried to tell my issues with a few of my colleagues at University, because I just cannot take all that pressure inside me…. Only to notice that they used it as bait so that they will get higher grades than me 

They basically “manipulated” me, so to speak when I thought they were helping, in truth, they didn’t. Because being at university right now, it is like being in the Hunger Games 

Everyone is on his/her own and trust nobody . And I mean, nobody. Even though you are really, really desperate of some form of empathy, or even hope.

Yet, somehow I keep being reinforced and proven right all along on what humanity really is … a species that is nothing more but a cancer, a virus.

We act like the most intelligent species who did so many things in this world (truth to be told, they are right) but the reasons why we do them is all the same.

Either for selfish gain, greed, lust, politics, religion, whatever.

Yes, I am very well aware of the selfishness of humanity and the selfish gene, based on natural selection or survival mechanisms but truly, I feel nothing more but surviving and and for once, I wanted to live. Just live. But the only life I experienced was nothing more but war and suffering and survival and all I really wanted was some form of … good, hope, empathy, whatever. But I have to keep my guard up again because it is seems when you feeling feel like you can open up to someone, turns out to be another goddamn parasitic monster.

*(Actually, come to think of it, I relate this to a lot with Dark Souls, a video game I play. Somehow that game is so hard and unfair, and so damn dark and gritty and depressing, that it feels like the game hates you and wants to abuse you over and over again like a pathetic piece of shit. Same way I feel about life)*

I know I sound like some pessimistic freak right now (and go ahead, make fun of me as much as you want) and I just don’t see the point of living in a world where it is filled with nothing more but selfish, cruel bastards, and I am not willing to become one or live like one. How can you trust anyone these days? How?
