Fuck all this. (Okay, I'm bad at post titles.)I’m going to try to make this as simple and straightforward as possible. I don’t want to be too specific because I know several people who use Reddit, and I don’t want to share this with anyone I know right now. And I suppose I should say right off that I’m not considering doing anything immediately. I’m posting because this is becoming a bigger and bigger thing to me every day. I’m a little bit scared of where it’s leading me. And my greatest fear in life is being institutionalized. I don’t want anyone I know to know that I think any of this.

**tl;dr preview — Lost my love, lost my faith, don’t see a point in anything whatsofuckingever.**

Before I get into any of this, let me say that I know that there are literally millions, probably billions, of people on Earth with bigger problems than mine. But my experience is *my experience*. Everything that I experience is in my face; it’s happening to *me*. We don’t all have the same expectations and sensitivities. There are some things that I don’t think I can handle. So, please know that I’m not making out my lot in life to be so much worse than anyone else’s. Please, don’t compare my experience (which I can barely explain here) to something else. It’s my pain, and it’s probably the worst I’ve ever experienced.

So, here’s my story. My greatest wish in all of life has been to be in a great relationship. I know lots of people who are in a great relationships, and I know lots of married couples who’ve been through some shit and have worked through it to come out an even better couple than when they began. So, I know a great relationship isn’t unattainable, and I’m not super naïve about relationships and what it takes to make them work and the fact that they aren’t all storybook whatever. But it really has been the one thing that I’ve wanted more out of life than anything else. There’s a lot that I’m passionate about, but I can live without just about any of that other stuff if I could just have a really great wife. Even as a teenage boy, I didn’t want to date just any old decent looking girl from school. I never even had a girlfriend in high school. I was looking for something serious, so I only ever found a couple girls that I was really into and I didn’t really act on my feelings (totally unconfident back then).

I got to college and ended up in a year-and-a-half relationship. I fell in love with this girl, then she cheated on me, then we tried to work things out, then it ended really horribly and with lots of lies and bullshit and fuckery on her part. I was a wreck for a few months. Then, when I was ready to date again, I started getting to know this other girl for half a semester. I liked her a lot, so I finally asked her out on a date. We hit it off fantastically. She was way more into me than I thought she was. Well, she turned out to have lied to me about a past interest of hers and then dumped me after two kick ass weeks. FML. I was incredibly bitter, but I had some great guy friends that I could be bitter with who helped me through it, and I had some good female friends who I could talk to and hang out with and who sort of reassured me (just by their example) that not all girls are heart-chomping demoncunts. I dated on other girl in college like once towards the end, but that was it. I was too bitter to bother. I was pretty much done giving girls a chance.

So, I graduated, went some places and did some cool stuff, and then ended up working a whatever job. I met a girl sort of randomly who happened to be really into me at first sight. We talked a little, and she just became absolutely super into me. Not in a weird way, though. It was all normal; just a super hard crush. Anyway, we ended up dating. It went great for almost two years. It had its rough moments, but overall it was a better relationship than I had ever reasonably expected in my life. Seriously. She blew me away. Also, we each other’s first in the sack. (That seems very relevant.) We were planning on getting married in about a year. We had a whole plan for how we were going to start our lives together. It was going to be legendary.

She broke up with me about a month ago. Things had been rough and very weird in some ways. It ended for very, very stupid reasons (or, at least, the reasons that she’s given have been very stupid). I don’t want to get too into it, but I honestly think she’s a sociopath. She even thinks she might be a sociopath. There are some TRULY fucked up things about her that I never knew about. But she wore an exquisite mask. She was a great fucking girlfriend for the most part. I’m serious. She blew all of my expectations right out of the water. But she’s super fucked up. I still love her, though, and I wish things hadn’t fallen apart. I don’t think she’s a completely terrible person, and I think she can probably be helped. I would’ve stuck with her through probably anything. (Oh, and before you start assuming that she broke up with me because there’s something wrong with me: It’s not that. She still really thinks I’m a great guy. I’m still friends with her siblings. I haven’t done anything really wrong. The breakup really was bullshit, and very sudden.)

Anyway, so that happened, and it’s been crushing. I lost about 15 lbs. in the first two or three weeks just from not eating very much. I never cry normally, but I sobbed almost every day for a few weeks. I’ve just felt so hopeless. But as time has gone on, I feel much more betrayed and angry. I don’t want to say just why because I don’t want to get into the details of some of the things she’s done. But she’s done some seriously fucked up things, even since we got together.

Well, that’s super rough, but here’s the kicker. I used to be a devout Christian. And I wasn’t just some fundamental, Bible Belt, born-and-raised type. I was serious. I had found Christianity at a young age, and my faith grew throughout my public school years. Then, after high school, I went through a period of extreme doubt. I ended up reading tons of apologetic literature by various Christian authors on many different subjects. I found a reason to have faith again. So, I’ve pretty much always believed that there is a God and that everything was made for a purpose and thus had inherent meaning. Without getting too into it right here, I’ll just say that my faith over the last several years has been slowly eroding. I now have almost none at all. I used to be so comfortable, in a way, knowing that things were happening for a reason and that everything would be somehow worked out and accounted for in the end, and I never felt absolutely alone. (And I should mention that, although my greatest desire in life was to be in a great relationship, I did have a huge sense of higher meaning to my life and other goals. If a relationship didn’t happen, I could get on with purposeful things nonetheless.) So, whereas before I believed that there was a purpose to life and that everything we did was in some way meaningful and that some things would truly last (like our freaking souls), I’m now completely unsure and feel the most alone I’ve ever felt. It’s not even a cold feeling inside. It’s just empty. It’s not even like a void, which would be something. There’s just nothing there. And to me, the only to worldviews that make any sort of sense are monotheism and nihilism. If there’s no Creator, then there’s no purpose. If there’s no purpose, then there’s no meaning, no point in anything; it will all eventually be forgotten. So, why suffer? My life has been constant, wickedly heartbreaking disappointment. It will probably continue to be so. I thought it would have gotten better by now (I’m a little over 30), but it’s only become much worse. If life is a piece of duct tape stuck to my arm, why pull it off slowly? Why not just rip the fucker off really fast and be done with it?

I feel like this has been a terrible rambling. I probably painted a really poor picture of where I’m at. I’m sorry. I feel like I’ve already wasted too much of your time with all those words. Great story, huh?

Anyway, I just feel like I might as well end it all. What’s the point? I mean, I probably won’t because I desperately want to have faith in God and re-believe that there is meaning. There is so much in life that I feel like randomness and chance and evolution can’t account for. I really do think that there has to be something, someone, out there beyond our physical universe. But it just feels like he doesn’t give a shit, and that makes it so much worse. (Man, I feel like half of this should be in r/relationshipadvice and half in r/philosophy or something. But I wanted to get the background out there.)

Sometimes I really fantasize about how nice it would be to end my life. I’d sit down and have an ultimately honest conversation with everyone I know. I’d tell them everything that I’ve ever wanted to say to them. I’d sell everything I own and then find some really miserable people to spend it on to try to ease their pain even some small way. I’d make videos for my friends and family. And then, depending on how angry I was still feeling towards her, maybe go over to the girl’s house and slit my wrists in her room and bleed to death on everything she owns. Because fuck her. Yeah, I’m really bitter. But she fucking deserves it. “I entered nothing… ‘til you came with the key…. but, as I live and breathe, you have killed me... Yes, I walk around somehow, but you have killed me….”

This has been mildly helpful to write out. If you’ve read all of this, you have my sincerest appreciation. I’d hug you senseless, and I’m a fucking master hugsmith. I’m warm as all hell. Thank you, seriously. And I’m sorry it’s maybe not super coherent. I’m willing to clarify things the best that I can.

Love,
me
