I think I made a huge fool of myself today at a friends friend bday party.I’m not very social an a little awkward in public. Shaky an just goofy feeling. With a elephant on my chest. So I can’t breath. I’ve been married to my my beautiful loving wife for 16 years now an together for 24 years. I used to be a bad guy an drink an do drugs an stay out all night. I never cheated on her I’ve seen to much pain in my moms eyes bro. Hen I was three my mom was rocking me in a chair in the garage while holding a double barreled shotgun. To kill my dad when he gets home from the bar an lays his Harley down in the garage. Then get mad an beat the shit outta her an me Because I would try an stop it an save her. Any ways so I turned to drugs at a young age. An feel like I never got to mature right. I feel like all I do is cause problems for anyone I come I. Contact with. I just want to blow my fucking brains out with my gauge. I’m so tired of always worrying about my wife an her seeing my mental illness taking over me. I want to kill myself so she has a chance to find new love. I treat my wife the best I possibly can to make up for the bullshit I put her threw. She says we’re fine that it’s me an here tell death. Well I’m thinking of saying good bye to everyone an saving them the pain of having to worry is he ok today will he be in a mood is he going to cry an be all emotional like a bitch. These are the things that plague me. I want my wife to be as happy as see can be an if that means I’m dead an gone so I can’t hurt her no more I think my kids will be ok there older. My worry about my son thou he needs guidance an a man. But I don’t even know what a man is anymore. I feel like I’m lost in this world . I don’t want to hurt her an I know if she finds me with my head blown open it will not be good for her. I do t know what to do. Fuck a fake account it’s either the beginning of the rest of her life an she is beautiful dozens of people are attracted to her. Me included. But I’m to hurt an tucker up in my head that I’m doing more harm than good. I love them good bye world. Be good to my kids an wife please help them understand I’m hurting inside. I’m a pussy she says. I can’t live that way anymore. So fuck the world a. I’ll be in hell if anyone cares. Oh that’s right no one does. I can’t live anyone if I hate myself. So a 12 gauge slug to the dome is just what the sea ordered.