Hi. Not sure if I belong here, maybe you guys can help me figure that out.So, today marks the anniversary of the suicide attempt I made last year. Historically a bad time of year for me, also marks the 5 year anniversary of getting fired from my last job, which crushed me emotionally and I've kind of been a wreck ever since. Isolated myself completely from people. Stopped taking care of myself completely, more or less. I seem to only exist to consume resources and get worse.

A few months ago, I stopped seeing my kid, because his Mom yanked my ability to see him at my place, expressing concern about my mental health. Which, of course, made my mental health worse. Self fulfilling prophecy for the win. This removed the last link I really have to the outside world. With a little help from her, I'm now back to thinking that he's really better off without me. And really everyone is. I've done a nice job the past few years distancing myself from everyone who used to care about me, so really very little damage will be done. My landlord can keep my security deposit, and the world will keep on spinning, with no change at all.

The past couple of days, I've started thinking of suicide again. It's almost scarier this time around, because I'm not particularly in any sort of emotional crisis, unlike last year. It feels like I'm getting close to rationally making the choice to go through with it. Life was never very good, and I have every reason to believe it only gets worse from here. It's gotten worse every year for at least a decade. I just kind of want to punch my own ticket and call it a day.

I've got a head full of bad thoughts. Probably because I have some childhood abuse in my background. Been to therapy here and there. Not going back. They always try to build up my self esteem, then get frustrated with me and start hinting that I should just get over it and get a job, because I'm clearly capable.

Any thoughts? I'm getting really fucking tired of trying to convince myself that continued existence has any intrinsic merit. Maybe some people just get a bad hand in life due to circumstances and the genetic lottery, and I'm one of them. I'm getting more comfortable with the idea all he time. No one has ever seemed to really give a shit about what I'm dealing with. My family basically didn't bat any eyelash when I tried to kill myself last year. I'm scared that this is the last time I will attempt to reach out, at all.