Stars.I change my friends like my clothes. I have an honest face; people spill their secrets and I eventually reciprocate. The only friend I've kept told me "you need someone to love you and fuck you and not care what you're keeping from them". I can't bond over weakness, it just leads to further vulnerability. The bond is never right. They say they understand. I can feel that they don't.



I went to him for love after my suicide attempt failed; he stripped me naked. He fucked me while I cried. Then he dropped me back at my parents' house. I sat on my bed, catatonic. Feeling hell rip open inside me. Those cries you make where your eyes and mouth are open but you don't make a sound. Shock. But not surprise. Hell has always felt like home.



I saw a street prostitute. She walked up the stairs to her box slowly, a large man following. My friends drank and smiled in the foreground. My eyes followed her and my chest tightened. Later, I fucked *him* and all I felt was despair. Would that I could have run away with her. Made her smile. 



It eats at you. Something black. A disease that makes you act, or not act.



I went to find the stars two nights ago. I went to find my friend, but she died too long ago. The sky cleared when I thought her name. The feeling, the chasm, spilled out and the sky had never been so black. Flat on my back, I felt bodiless. All that was, was stars. The past. The place I can never get back to. A darker flavour of euphoria tore through my veins and I wanted pain. 



Drugs take the edge off. I don't have any. 



6 years ago, my teacher said "you've descended into nihilism. I tried to hang myself when I was your age. Don't tell anybody this".


I look for somebody who feels like I do. They talk too much. They turn the song down before it climaxes. There is no desperation there.



If life is anybody's dream, it must be mine. It would just be nice to feel as though I share it with somebody else who is sentient. The world rushes in, calls me insane. I want to lie under the stars until I cry. I want to cut my arms to shreds because it's my body. I need this.


Pretending to be you is killing me. I'm losing feeling.


I want to meet somebody like me before I die.

Because I have to die.