Suicide has become too tempting - Brain tumor, 24 years old, no job, "nowhere man"Hi everyone,

I guess no one can work miracles, but it'd be nice to see care and/or empathy in this world of grey. This month has been hell for me, and it isn't getting any better. I've discovered in August that I have a brain tumor. It's 6mm, and the 5 neuro-specialists I've seen don't seem to think it's anything harmful. The problem is, I have very bad anxiety. This anxiety has crippled my life. I take 3mg of Ativan a day for it and there's just nothing that truly helps. I'm 24 years old and I haven't worked a single paying job in my life because I'm so scared of failure. I used to sabotage my grades in school, and the most I have is an associates degree that I can't do anything with. I'm living off my mother like a damned loser, while I'm scared everyday my life is going to be taken from me by *something*. 

My anxiety inflated recently when I started feeling intense pressure in my skull. Because of where my tumor is, this can mean hydrocephalus. But I've also had an MRI on my Cervical Spine recently that showed I have 2 bulging discs which can cause this kind of pressure through tension in the muscles. When I explained to my mother (because I'm under her insurance and therefore at her mercy) that I need a physical therapist to help alleviate these symptoms quick so that I can tell myself for sure that it's not the more dangerous problem, she tells me she knows and never gets on it. The problem isn't that she doesn't get on it, but that she seems to have disconnected from me entirely on this, I can't even talk to her about the anxiety I feel from having a brain tumor. She just says, "it's so small, you'll be fine" and continues on like anxiety is something to be turned off.

Most people seem to think that...That Psychology is something you can just manipulate as you please...Horrible anxiety isn't a game. You can't just think positive and be okay, your body goes through hell and back before you're at a point where you can finally breathe. Despite me going through vicious bouts of anxiety and dealing with life knowing I have a brain tumor, thinking I'm going to die every night to it, I wanted to have a good birthday (because in my head, I don't think I'll live to see 25). This never happened. I spent my birthday alone, and anytime I would make plans, they'd be cancelled. Well, my mom decided to pull the ol' 2fer yesterday, celebrating Thanksgiving and my birthday yesterday. I was fine with this. My brother's girlfriend came over, who is pregnant and went from being my best friend when all of this was happening to me to my worst enemy, resenting me at every turn. She finally blew up on me, saying I'm unappreciative, making me feel like a burden (and I already feel this way about myself), condescending telling me that I'm not going to die like I'm a cowardly child just trying to make excuses (as if I want to be thinking these things), etc. She's also made comments about how HER sister knows where she's going in life, obviously an attack on me. 

The sad part is, I know she's right. I know I'm a burden, I know I'm pretty much a "nowhere man" and don't know what I'm doing or where I'm going in life. I do, however, appreciate who has been there for me (the very small amount of people who have been) so that was very uncalled for. I've been considering suicide and it seems very tempting. I have a bunch of Ativan pills left and I have a whole bottle of Cyclobenzaprine (a muscle relaxer) that I can OD on together. It would be a peaceful sleep and I wouldn't be a burden on anyone again. I'll never be able to make anything of myself with anxiety, with no money to go back to school, no job experience except a few volunteer jobs (animal shelters, hospice), etc. anyway. I am truly a burden on everyone and I wish to end this. 

But...I love life despite hating myself at the moment. Before anything, I just want to run away and be successful. I just have no idea where to start or how I'd do it. I have no plan, or even how to think of one. 