thank you for reading, and hope you're having a wonderful dayI sent this as a message to a user who offered to listen, but I wanted to get others' advice as to how to deal with similar situations (outside of therapy and talking to friends/family). I feel there's too much negativity and pain in my life right now:

Today my parents said I've been wasting their time, worthless, and never to come back. Now, I've heard this for the last five years or so (I'm in my early twenties), but today just seemed to add up. I usually don't talk about my problems and let them die down, but today was too much.

I've been kicked out of my classes as my student loans didn't get approved (or something to that effect..my university's administration is horrible). I finally have an apartment close to university so I can focus on my studies yet now I'm unable to attend. I've got a one year lease on this $700 a month apartment that I will not be able to pay for. And if I can't go to classes, it will all be worthless.

I'm afraid my younger sister will never look up to me or admire me. I don't have outstanding qualities that warrant that. I just wish the best for her. I'm not going to be able to take care of her after our parents die, and that's not fair to her.

My father is a diabetic, but he takes no care for himself and drinks almost every night (not piss drunk, but not a few beers either. He'll drink two full glasses of whiskey). His sister passed away last year, she was a few years older than him, and I'm afraid he's not got much time. I can't stand being around my mother, it makes me sick. She'll open up and make you think she cares only to reject you. I'm always berated by her, especially in front of others. I feel depressed anytime I have to go home. I can't talk to them about anything because they simply dismiss it.

I've tried taking mini-vacations but it's all there when I return, piling up. I don't know how to talk to people, and sometimes it seems I don't want to. Generally people seem to be selfish, which makes me dislike them even more. The longest person I've known outside of family is a friend that lives halfway across the country (I'm on the East Coast), but her advice about dealing with anything is to ignore it.

Where I live everyone seems disconnected. Even close acquaintances don't have time to listen, though I've given them my undivided attention loads of times. I've been told I'm too selfless and I need to focus on myself, but I don't know how. I would like to thank you for taking the time to read, and hope you're having a wonderful day.