Failing at everythingAs the title suggests, I'm failing at literally everything. 

I feel like everyone I know is moving on with their lives. They are all getting married, having kids and excelling in their careers. I'm just falling further and further behind and I will never be able to catch up. 

A long time ago I came to terms with the fact that I will never get married and have kids - I'm okay with that. I mean I'm a little depressed about it, but overall I have accepted it.

The part I'm struggling more with is careers/money. Once again I have always known that I would never be one of those successful people and I have accepted that. When I was younger my friends and I were earning similar amounts, it was easier to fit in and be included. Now that my friends are earning much more than me (some double), it's becoming very hard to stay part of the group.

I've never been a person with a lot of friends and the older I get the more I lose. I'm also terrible at making friends and have not made a new friend in over 10 years. I have always known that eventually my few friends would leave me behind, but I guess I just hoped I had a few more years. 

I have come to dread socialising as I don't want people to focus on what a failure I am. It's very hard to sit at dinner when everyone else is talking about their fantastic lives, while I'm thinking about how much I hate my job and about how I hope they split the bill (i.e. I just pay for what I ate as I won't be able to afford it if they split the bill evenly over the table). 

I'm happy to hear about their lives and their successes (I'm just grateful that for the moment I'm still included), however out of politeness the conversation will eventually turn to me. Am I seeing anyone? (no, still single). Do I have any holidays planned? (no, I can barely afford the dinner we are eating, let alone go on a holiday). How is work? (same old, same old. I work in a call centre with no career prospects and every day I go to work hoping that I will get hit by a bus).

I know that friendships and give and take, but I have nothing to give/contribute. I feel like my friends are stuck with me and that I'm only still invited to things out of tradition/pity, not because they actually want to hang out with me. 

I think it would be easier if I just let my friends go, but then I would have any friends at all and I don't know if I'm ready for that. I'm already that person that dreads Monday mornings because your colleagues ask you what you did on the weekend (I'm broke and barely have any friends so I stayed home and watched Netflix). 

I have tried to do some extra study to see if I can get a better job, but it's just impossible. I'm unable to get a job because I don't have experience, but I'm unable to get experience because I can't get a job. Even just basic jobs (that want me to have 5 years experience) pay $10,000 less than what I earn at the call centre. Which is already a good $20,000 to $40,000 less than my friends. 

I just don't know what to do anymore. I think it's time to just cut my friends out (for their sake as much as mine). I'm seriously considering trying to kill myself, but I'm scared that I will fail at that too. 

I just don't want to exist anymore. I just want to be gone. 

I don't mind if no-one reads this, I just needed someone else to vent to other than myself. 




