There's a bridge near my new house...On Tuesday morning I woke up feeling exhausted. 

My head was pounding with a headache, my nose snuffed up, my shoulders hurt, my chest was tight, my back was aching. 

I cried. I cried hard. 

I cried about the rash consuming my legs. I cried about how I have little meaningful relationships. 

I cried about how I assume people think of me. I cried about my job. And my living situation. 

I cried about being different. 

I pulled myself together for a moment and decided to go to a walk-in clinic. Something I've been putting off for months.

I went downstairs and jumped in the shower. And I sobbed while washing my hair. And screamed and yelled at myself, and the world; not through anger or hate, but because of my inability to change, or more so the self-sabotage that I routinely commit. 

I dried off avoiding my reflection in the mirror.

I microwaved some chicken fingers, and drank a bottle of water. I watched a YouTube video about a board game. 

And then I cried some more. 

I called the local mental health crisis centre (where I've dragged myself to in the past) because they've called me twice in two weeks, and I haven't returned either of their calls. 

I scheduled a meeting with a counsellor for two weeks from now, knowing damn well I might not make it that far. I don't have a doctor, but I know what I do have: and undiagnosed mental illness. Or I'm looking for a crutch. Something to label myself so I know it's not my fault for putting myself in the positions I do.

At this point I was dressed, and ready to leave my house. I put on my sunglasses and headed out, but I didn't head toward the busy main street, or the clinic. I started off toward the bridge. A pedestrian bridge towering above jagged rocks and a river with an unforgiving current. 

I walked slowly and confidently down the street toward the park housing the bridge. My mind ablaze with the thoughts of ending it. The image of myself laying upon the rocks for hours. My lungs filling with blood. Cold. Scared. 

But I turned at the last second. Left instead of right. And just walked; for hours. I walked until the road ended, and I was exhausted. 

Then I walked back on the busy main street. 
Watching the people going on with their days. 
Only stopping the get a pack of cigarettes, which I had quit two months prior, and a coffee. 

And then I went home.

The thoughts are still there, but I have them in check again. 

To die another day.