Only temporaryEveryday in this wheelchair is the same. The best time of my day is when I'm asleep. If it weren't for college i wouldn't get out of bed. If I'm not in that stupid fucking wheelchair then I'm using those stupid fucking crutches. I can stand the armpit pain and chafing. I can stand the tiredness in my compensating limbs, and the new curve in my spine. I can push the door open to the public bathroom without the handicap button, thank you very much. I don't care how uncomfortable other people are with the fragility of the human condition, and how they need me to break the ice before they can look me in the eyes and smile. What sucks is when I'm doing laundry or plugging in my phone charger. I go to take that 1 memorized step but stop myself as the jello pillow of my meniscus starts getting chewed up between my thigh and shin bone. A torn meniscus is so common, why would it bother me? Is it because for me to hang my clothes in my closet i need to exert 3 times the effort as an able bodied person? Maybe my body is constantly taxed. But that can't be it, because I'm stuck in the fucking wheelchair all fucking day. Is it because i have to fight my house to sit outside? MaybeMaybe. Is it because my house mate never signed up for taking care of me, but none of my family has been to visit me, or offer help? Probably. I think it's more my stomach that's grown out from under the hem of my shirt since my injury happened. I worked so hard to lose that weight. Or the two months I've been laid off of work, socialization, fulfillment, physical release, and the jealousy I've had of other people as i watch them do everything i use to do. Dance. Farm. Martial arts. Running. Walking, for fucks sake. I would give so much to take that 1 memorized step towards my phone charger. Surprisingly that's all I've been able to think about;
That one step
That i can't have
Until the medical system can make time for me.
I have surgery in 15 days and counting, which will be followed by six weeks in a brace. But I'll be walking. Everyday until then feels like the days before it, but the urges just compound. I can taste the slices on my skin and the scars on my face where I'd practiced cutting 2 years ago. I can picture that pain on my wrist, how great it would feel to cut deeper, be drained and done with it. Just as i feel the endorphins kick in i snap to. I'm scaring myself and reveling in it. I tell myself daily, hourly, that this is temporary, everything changes and all things must end. I have to hide the knives because my body is so angry with me for not even considering it in my self mutilation. But that doesnt help because i end up banging my head against the wall until i feel it in my neck and shoulders.
It's only temporary.
But if my leg gives out again- If my knee pops out of place like it has done, every few months for the last decade, i don't know what will happen- it stops being temporary. Will it be worse? I'm so tired of the pain of my knee coming out of alignment. The fall that follows sucks. It happened once when i was chopping wood. The axe fell, i fell, and i thought that was the end of me. I didn't want to die then, and I'm pretty sure i don't want to die now. 
Sometimes though, when i can't tell if it's worth trading in my bed for the wheelchair, I'm unsure of what i want. I know i want this waste of time to end, one way or another. I just hope that i can convince myself that 15 more days in that wheelchair is within my capacity.
I just-im so tired of this. 
 I never have anything new to talk about because nothing changes. It's so dreary.