Weekend is upcoming, so is my deathWell, that's it folks, I've been planning this for long time, I'm here not because of instinct of self-preservation, I'm here just to spend some time on posting, since I don't have anything to do. Been lurking reddit for quite some time, thought it's nice to come here and maybe join the community for first &amp; only time. 

So, yes, the weekend is coming so is the hotel room already booked, been looking for so many various options not to mess this up and I've been doing some serious research - in the end I think my method will give me 100% success rate, unless I'm going to be found within an hour after drinking something - not going to tell you what substance I'm going to use, but all I need is an hour or two to end this fucking misery and make sure that even if by some miracle I'm going to be found, it's going to be pointless to carry on with cpr since I'll be brain dead af. 

&amp;#x200B;

Anyway, back to business, I know that people who are depressed are probably struggling time and again with suicidal thoughts, sufferring from number of mental issues and it's probably the easiest way to choose - just die, like a coward. But, I honestly I couldn't care less, I don't have anyone I can rely on, don't have friends, my dad died years ago, I don't have anyone in so-called family I can rely on, I don't even have any 'connection' with them - it's not like, I was abandoned or something, but they don't give a shit about me, and so do I. Nobody cares if I'm dead or alive, been unemployed for long time and been doing some gigs here and there just so I can provide barely for myself. I don't know who's gonna burry me, but I don't give a fuck anymore. 

&amp;#x200B;

There are always some options, I'm still quite young, 28 is not certainly the age you give want to die, probably I could somehow carry on, but it's just pointless, time and again I've been 'there' - I mean, picking up the pieces and moving on - not this time. I've made too many fuck up in my life, been struggling with regrets badly. Trying to put this all behind - didn't work, at least I don't have anyone who have to rely on me, I don't have kids which is a relief, noone really depend on me. It's right time to go - that's for sure. 

All I wish for is to end this misery and enjoy some fucking peace, which I've been missing for quite considerable amount of time.