Told a guy I loved him &amp; now he’s avoiding meSo,I’ve known this guy casually for a year since we’re both students in the same major at my community college. We’ve never gone out or anything but we’re members of the same campus club related to our major (theater). We’ve never communicated outside of official club correspondence but after not seeing him for an entire summer when classes started again in August,my heart told me he was the one. So,having no experience with relationships or social skills,I wrote him an anonymous email. However,I might never see this guy again after this semester because he may graduate etc next summer so I though I might as well confess my love. I emailed him a week ago,signing my name to the letter. In addition,I left a physical copy of the same letter where he could find it twice,and both times I know that he ripped the letter off of the community cork board (where flyers are posted,etc).And I know that you’re not supposed to post love letters there🙄 but they were sealed inside envelopes for privacy,addressed as “To So &amp; So only” for his privacy &amp; mine.I left both letters during times when he was there.Its a very small department at my college and both times there were only about 5 people in the entire building (empty).Both times,immediately after I knew he was gone I went back to see if he took them,&amp; they were gone.There is no doubt,to me,that he took them both down.The second letter I left earlier today during a time where the building was basically empty except for the current mainstage play rehearsals.Barely 15 minutes after rehearsals started (30 minutes after I posted the envelope where I knew he could see it,along with a Shakespeare quote from Hamlet covering the envelope,I went back to check the board and the envelope was gone.There are about 12 people in his play........he took it down.I know he took it down. Last Friday,I had emailed him the letter.A few days ago he skipped our club meeting on Monday.My suspicion that he can‘t tell me to my face how he feels,either way,were confirmed because we have a voice class together Tue/Thurs where he flirts with his co-stars in the play &amp; both days after class I sat in the lobby in plain view where he had every opportunity to walk over &amp; say “hey,could we talk?”Our theater department is in an independent building........he stands in front of me joking around &amp; talking to everyone else for an hour.😳That is why I say he had every opportunity to tell me “hey......can we talk for a bit.........yeah,sorry but I’m just not interested in you”.There are only five people in our theater club (Me......The Guy I Like........and three other people) so if he skips next weeks meeting as well then its clear that he is avoiding me. My therapist has told me that his silence is all the answer I need. 😔 Growing up (I’m 31,black/arab female) I was isolated (female) from society by my extremely religious fanatic schizophrenic father while my two brothers (male) ran buck wild. I have zero experience in relationships &amp; have been single my entire life. Every time I try to reach out to someone I am either rejected or made fun of. Call me immature..........but I will be absent from the following two meetings to see if he even cares but I doubt he’ll give a damn.😳 It hurts because I really like this guy.....but because of my social anxiety his hurtful silence is devastating to my heart. He seems like a good guy to me but to not be able to tell me “hey,I got your letter but I just don’t feel the same way” is not only cruel,but cowardly. He doesn’t know how hard it was for me to open up to him emotionally via that letter. I tried to protect his privacy and my dignity........&amp; so far he has ignored me........mocking me by talking to every woman in his play.......except me (the ugly woman who wasn’t cast). The Director (faculty) is bias towards hot guys &amp; pretty people overall. She’s cast The Guy I Like at least 5 times over the past three years. My therapist tells me that “love is a game” &amp; “you need to play the role......go out for coffee........ask him out” How weird is it for a woman to ask a guy out? Maybe that’s too old fashioned but I would never ask a guy out.......that’s so lame. Well......as a part of one acting course I’m taking we have to write a 5 minute one act (scene or monologue) &amp; perform it during a classroom performance open to the public (mostly other theater majors). I told him not to come because of my social anxiety but being the star of multiple plays in our department over the past three years,he’ll come because he doesn’t give a damn.😳 Guess what my monologue is about?😁 Of course,names were changed for privacy.....blah blah blah.......written in the third person so its just vague enough to not call him out but clear enough to him what I’m talking about. Yeah........he should’t come to this performance but my therapist thinks this is a good idea to express my feelings through theater,etc. I thought for sure he would tell me not to do this,thinking it immature &amp; childish. Now I know what your thinking. Are you so socially anxious that you can’t face the man you love? How dare you call him a coward? This man is no stranger.........he’s known me for a year but it took this summer to realize that I missed him. This afternoon,I could feel my heart being ripped apart as he (probably) threw away my letter,this time. The production (we’re doing Dracula) is cursed........the Faculty Member (Director) smacked her head on Wednesday night when the coffin landed on top of her as crew were moving it around so she’s cancelled all her classes until next week. I believe this occurred because the universe took retribution against the man I love for rejecting me.........hey its what I think,that’s all. Now the entire production is cursed like Macbeth.......and my heart is broken. I don’t want to hear any bullshit from anyone. I am so fucked up right now.😔 His rejection of me is almost impossible to bear. I told him that I couldn’t imagine loving anyone else ever again. I don’t know what to do.