Used to be happy everyday, one mistake has put me through hell the last 8 months and I cant see things getting better. really need help.This is a long story but I will try to make it as short as possible so everyone can read/respond. 4 years ago I am 20 years old and have never even had close to a gf and never thought I would. That all changed one summer when I met this beautiful girl at a job I had in the summer in between college. I met her at a very low point in my life depression wise and she changed all of that. This girl was perfect. Beautiful, smart, went to church, helped me with all of my problems, was always there for me, family loved her, was best friends with my mom etc..


This girl was from a different country and had no family here so I was basically her boyfriend,brother,parent all in one. I was her only friend and I made sure she was safe and happy every single day because I knew how hard it was for her to be away from her family. Everything about our relationship is perfect. Everyday with her is great. I turned into such a healthy, happy person with her by my side and even got my dream job because of her. I loved this girl to death and prayed everyday that she would be safe because she was the best thing to ever happen to me and I knew I could never afford to lose her. I am not saying these things now because its over I really felt this way during the relationship.


The only stress/problem of our relationship was that she was from a different country/overstayed her visa so the only way that she could be legal and go home/come back was for me to marry her. I knew that I would definitely marry her but I met her very young so I kept putting it off and putting it off thinking that I had my whole life to be married(very selfish looking back at it). She became increasingly homesick and felt bad compared to her other friends who were legal via marriage. She eventually couldnt take the empty promise of marriage anymore and left me after 4 years for someone she worked with who said that he would marry her. She hated me because I kept her away from her family so long.



This happened 8 months ago and I went completely crazy. At first I couldn't eat, sleep, work. All I could do was pace around beating myself up and hating myself for not marrying her before something like this could happen. The thoughts of her and this guy together drive me crazy and I cant take it anymore. Fast forward to today and I am being treated for clinical depression, lost my job, apartment, all of my money and am living back home because I literally could not function from the depression. She is completely out of my life . She changed her number, email, and moved out of state/probably traveling the world with this guy.


Everyday for 8 months has been unbearable. All I do is think about how good the last 4 years were with her and how I could have had that happiness for life if I didnt get so comfortable and just helped her out through marriage. The thoughts of her with this guy kill me and make me so angry. I did everything for her for 4 years and he got to marry and travel the world with her while I lost everything and am clinically depressed and sick everyday. I think about her sleeping with him every night and it makes me sick. I think of him hurting her because he owns a gun and it makes me sick. I Can't stand living with these thoughts anymore but I can't help it. I truly loved and cared for her and she will never know that because in her mind since I didn't marry her I didn't truly care which is the farthest thing from the truth. I have been on all kinds of medications, have been inpatient for 9 days at a hospital for suicidal thoughts, see a therapist once a week for 5 months now but nothing helps. All i do is think about her and how I let life pass me by.


And yes I understand that marriage was her main motivation for the relationship but she was the nicest girl ever and if anybody deserved it its her. I think about her being married to this guy and traveling the world with him while Im clinically depressed, unemployed living in my parents basement and I just can't take it anymore. I wish I had just seized the moment, married her to help her out even If im young so this could never happen. The only thing that makes me happy is fantasizing about life with her but then I come back to reality and feel sick. Almost everynight I dream about her and wake up in tears or feeling sick. I cant stand the regret anymore. Life was amazing with her and I loved her to death and if I had just married her none of this would happen and I could still be in my old,happy life with her. But I didnt and I have to live with these horrible thoughts and regrets forever. I used to be a normal,happy person and now I am basically just crazy,depressed , and filled with anger and regret everyday.


**tl;dr Met amazing girl 4 years ago, life was great with her everyday. Only stress in my life was that she needed to get married to stay in country. I am young so kept putting it off until she couldn't take it anymore. She ran off with another guy, married him and is traveling the world with him while I lost my dream job due to depression and not being able to function. It feels like a sick,cruel joke that she was the best thing to happen to me and it ended like this after 4 years. The only emotions I have everyday are anger,regret , and depression. It's been the same horrible day for 8 months now since this happened. Need advice on how to get over this cause in my mind I feel like I will be stuck like this forever.