Not suicidal, but I feel life is worthless.Hey, Reddit. Just thought i'd clarify a few things off the bat: I'm not suicidal though have contemplated the concept of the action several times. I've never cut myself, nor am I severely depressed (or at least I don't think so). So this isn't exactly a plea for help / advice, but mostly just a place for me to vent my thoughts to honest people who might be willing to contemplate life and it's compexities with me.

I'm 16 years old (male) and have had a well above average life. I have friends, a successful, loving family, and a musical hobby (guitar / production). 

Regardless of all of these factors that would normally make anybody feel content with their lives, I still find myself feeling this sense of worthlessness and apathy. And it's not only for myself, it's for humanity / life in general. Almost every moment of every day I dwell on the fact that everything we know, and have ever known for the history of all life has occured on this one, small planet in our one small galexy out of the endless vastness of the universe, and have become extremely apathetic and unambitious because of it. Life begins to feel so small when you start to think deeply about these types of things as often as I do, and lately it's been really starting to hit me hard. As a species we have promoted our self importance to the point where i feel as though the whole world has forgotten the fact that our planet is smaller than a spec of dust in comparison to even just the milky way, let alone the entire universe. And because of these thoughts I constantly feel as though my life on this planet is completely and utterly useless and that the human race and the survival of all life is a completely futile illusion we have created around ourselves to give us some sort of self importance. What is the purpose of life? A question we have been attempting to answer since the first abstract thoughts were ever concieved. I personally believe that there is no real point or purpose to life, and that as i've already said, the pursuit of the continuation of our species is completely futile. So why should i live? Why should anybody live? Why IS anybody alive? Nobody knows. But it makes me more and more depressed as the days go on with these thoughts constantly polluting my mind. Maybe one of these days it'll all be too much and i'll pull the trigger, but until then, what are your own thoughts on these subjects?

Sorry if some parts (or the whole thing) seem a bit incohearent, this is the first time i've ever organized and written down these thoughts. And because they're so confusing and jumbled up in my head that may have been how they came out on this post. (also sorry for any spelling / grammar errors, i typed this on my phone).