I'm going to kill myself by the end of this monthI'm a 19 f. I've contemplating the idea of killing myself before whenever i was depressed on my pre-teen years, anyway i never did it 'cause deep inside me i knew it was my depression doing the thinking, not my brain. Now, years later, is the first time im actually thinking about it without being depressed. I've, for the first time, analyzed everything with a critical mind. Life just makes no fucking sense. The way the world works, is the most stupid system that anyone could come up with, im here now all down and fucking desperate because i can't get a job. Im all suffocated by the senseless concept that money is. I've been trying to get a job since i finished school 3 years ago but here none hires you if you have no experience, you are ugly or they just don't fucking know you. People here only hire friends of friends. I can't push myself here 'cause. Here's the thing. I can't talk. This has been my biggest problem my whole miserable life since i remember. I don't know how to talk to people . I can't express myself, i can't even go to the grocery store alone to buy shit. i've had social anxiety in the past, i've been homeschooled the last 2 years of high school. All my problems are originated by my lacking social skills. I've always blamed this on my family for rising me like shit making me grow up to be the selfish incapable of talking piece of shit that i'm now. I always hated everyone for not liking me. I only have one friend, and she and my two siblings are the only people i talk to. I mean don't even "talk" to them, i just answer whatever shit they tell me. BUT FINALLY i realized that i have none but myself to blame for this shitty life im living. I fucking hate myself. I can't believe I lived so long without realising it.I fucking hate myself for isolate me and push everyone away from me. I could have had so many friends but i pushed them away, i never did anything nice for anyone. I can't fucking think on one stupid small good thing i ever did for anyone. I never hugged anyone honestly. I've never been to a party. I've never told anyone that i liked them, I was never told neither. I've never kissed anyone. There are so many things i never did 'cause i decided that the rest of the world wasn't worth it. And now i see this things i always blamed on my upbringing and oh jesus im the only one to blame, im so miserable. i hate myself so much for it. The worst part is that now i want to change that but i can't cause i was never given the tools to do so. I was always alone. I don't know how to reach out for anyone. I honestly don't know what im supposed to do. My sister was the only pilar in my life but yesterday she decided to stop helping me 'cause i never did anything with the help she gave me. She is fucking right, i hate seeing her waste her life trying to help a lost cause like me. I live with my brother and he tries to talk to me but all i do is scream at him and tell him to leave me alone. I have problems, i'd went to the therapist before, i've had like four different doctors over the past years, but they never helped me 'cause i never told them anything, they only asked me stuff and i answered them or i even let my mother answer the questions for me. Now i have no money to go to a shrink. I have no job, my brother doens't have a job and i just can't do anything to get one. I have no parents nor family besides my siblings. My sister who was the only support i had, decided to stop helping me and now Im here all alone in the dark in my room wondering how a piece of living shit like myself could get to the end of the month. Im fucking desperate. I have no tools to face what is comming. I don't even want to die. There are so many things i want to do but i cant because of how i am. I don't want to die, i just don't want to be myself anymore I fucking hate the person i've become. i can't "un-become" me. i don't know how, i don't even think that that's possible. i hate living in my skin.

I just wanted someone to know this. How i am feeling. To hear my feelings before i fade. I won't send or tell this to any of the 3 people i have left. I know they can't help me. The only person that can help me right now is me. but im not able to. i gave myself an ultimatum of 10 days left to figure it out. if i don't find a solution on this lapse i'm going to kill myself.

p.s. : ironically i've always wanted to be a screenwriter but I desisted the idea because my writing sucks.. so i'm sorry for whoever tried to understand what i just wrote here.

-anyways thanks for listening. 