Just struggling with life...Let me start with some back ground, I'm a 28 year old male with social phobia, agoraphobia, dysthemia, insomnia, and anxiety/panic disorder and many of these issues started as early as kindergarten, so they are far from new, outside the insomnia which developed right around the start of high school but I have been struggling with them all for a very long time. I've had about 5 years in total of counseling/therapy. I've tried many combinations of medications, none have had positive side effects, but there have been negative side effects. Many therapists either give up on me or tell me things like "We can only ever expect to make you about 10% better." and two therapists have suggested I attend a personalized recovery oriented service(s) which I am very afraid of. I'm in a long distance relationship with transgender female who is currently about 5 months into Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT), we've known each other for about 7 years and we've been dating a good amount of them 7 years... we recently met in person in May 2016, which was extremely frightening but she means the world to me, so I managed.  
 
I've attempted a few Jobs in the past that never lasted longer than two weeks because I'd panic before, after and during work and sometimes in the middle of the night between sleep. As you can imagine money is an issue for me. I am living with one of my sisters for free as long as clean, cook, and help with anything else needed around the house. My sister and the rest of my family do not know my girlfriend is transgender and I am not sure how they'd react. I'd very much like to tell them but I am afraid I'd end up homeless. My girlfriend and I would enjoy living together but again money complicates things.. she is currently living with two roommates, and the person officially renting the apartment will not allow me to move in because I "do not bare my weight financially." and my girlfriend renting an apartment on her own would be too much of a financial burden for her.  
 
As for her other roommate, she recently moved in which brings me to the next story. My girlfriend around the time she started HRT, reached out to reddit to find someone she can relate with (aka another transgender female) but she didn't tell me about this at all and about a month ago she told me she was on a road trip to pick up her "friend's friend" and then stopped talking with me for about a week. When she finally talked with me again, I had to pry the truth out of her. She eventually told me that she's been talking with her for months and she moved her in because she was disowned by her parents. Now, there has been a rift in our relationship. She's spending a lot less time talking with me and I am having issues getting over the fact she lied to me. I am semi-worried that they're having a relationship though I do feel it's very unlikely... and she keeps telling me she just needs time, that HRT has been tiring, trying to be there for her friend, and work have all been overwhelming, which I do understand. 
 
All that said, I am just generally very depressed and often contemplate suicide, I've given up on medical and mental treatment because I feel it's just let me down... add on financial issues, relationship troubles, loneliness, low motivation, the endless fears and strong feeling of worthlessness... I have been thinking about suicide more and more and coming from a situation where my mother committed suicide under a month after I was born and my father has attempted a few times... I really have no idea how to handle life anymore, I don't really have friends and I don't wanna burden my girlfriend and I can't talk with family.. I should clarify I don't feel like I am going to hurt myself but I do know that my mood is dropping and my thoughts of suicide have been progressively picking up... so I am scared I might get there. 
 
I am sorry for the grammar mistakes I am sure there are plenty and I am sorry for babbling.. I am having issues writing this, I don't use social media or write things of this nature... and it's nearly 5:30am here so I am also very tired. Also, I am very shaken up by the idea of even posting here and sounding pathetic but I have no idea where else to turn.. Feel free to ask questions and leave comments, I'm sorry if it takes me a bit to respond, I'll have to struggle with fear of talking with you...