When ending it just seems pragmaticI won't go on and on about all of the specific shitty experiences that led me here to this sub.. i'm sure many have endured much greater hardships and heartbreaks than me, but let's just say that i've endured about a third-century of constant cringe-worthy humiliation and/or soul-crushing tedium.  it's non-stop and, frankly, unsustainable. I want it to end. 

I'm just bad at being a human being in general.. must be wired incorrectly or something (because i know it's been a problem since at least kindergarten).. low ambition/ desire to 'win'/conquer others.. inability to form 'bonds'.. just not good with people, friends, family, anyone.. just wanna be left alone.. never had a romantic relationship to speak of.. can't really hold down jobs.. often feel like i lack some basic tool-set (and drive) that most people gained naturally as adolescents. i can try and try my best to fake it, but it remains mysterious and forever out of reach to me.. and, if I do continue to live, then i will surely be forever alone (if the first 3+ decades are any indication). 

..add to that various other built-in problems like premature-ejaculation (trait inherited from my biological father apparently), tinnitus that's always been there (loud, constant, maddening static/tones blaring inside my skull), my now-advanced tooth decay/loss, and various increasingly-debilitating injuries (including a great many head injuries) and you have a recipe for a joyless lifetime that really isn't worth living. 

I've never really had a zest for life and have earnestly pondered ending it since at least 2nd grade (another child similar to me did it for real back then), but for at least eight years now i've been in a persistent suicidal mindset.. constantly fighting this back-and-forth battle inside me.. trying to stifle this urge that i feel.. thwart my own planning.. occasionally making feeble attempts and getting thrown into the looney bin, etc.. 

some days it isn't so bad, psychologically, but these days suicide seems to be more of a practical solution to a set of real-world problems than anything else. I simply haven't ever been able to fully support myself as an adult.. and i'm seriously doubting that i'll ever be able to do so. it's a matter of dollars and cents. even when i've (SOMEHOW) been able to hold down a job for more than a couple months I never seem to get anywhere.. just treading water barely, if that. during various periods of unemployment I've relied on a few friends and and my mom/adopted father that raised me, mainly. I don't want to be a financial/emotional burden on any of them, but I definitely would have been full-blown-homeless years ago if it had not been for their help. 

but, yeah, everything's coming to a head now. I've got no money at all.. got about a month left of crashing at this dudes house (probably my last friend) until kicked out.. some 89 year old driver ran a red light and rekt my shitty little car last november (but his insurance didn't cover anything).. so I don't have transportation (see: temp housing). 

in a month i've gotta leave this house, and then i dunno what to do. I don't want to move back into my childhood home.. again (if it's even still an option).. for, like, the 20th time.. it ends in really, really nasty quarrels that aren't good for anyone involved. 

so, that basically leaves suicide, trying to get into jail for room/board, or trying to hitch-hike to somewhere geographically that i could be a bum without freezing to death next winter and taking my chances at not-dying. i've spent the last 2 of 3 winters without heat, and that shit sucks, bad. I'm not very street-wise, though, and i'm sure i'd be raped or some shit after a short while. 

I just don't know what to do. life seems suuuper expensive, and i'll never be able to afford the basics (especially now that the govt is garnishing my wages for student loans for that art degree, hah). work seems like hell.. every single week of every single year until u physically can't anymore.. and it never, ever pays enough. I honestly don't know how everyone does it and stays sane. it's fucking crazy.. like..  born into this hellish world that wants me to spend alllllllll my goddamn time and energy, FOREVER, doing demeaning shit for people that don't like me for a PITTANCE.. i'm sorry, i dont know much about economics.. but if i'm gonna spend alllllll my goddamn time... maddening week in, maddening week out... forever... laboring, then it better AT LEAST cover my goddamn basic living expenses.. but it doesn't. my life is the epitome of unsustainable.. and I don't really have a burning desire to try to live through middle/old age with all of the constant pain and discomfort associated with having never been able to afford healthcare/dental here in america. 

idk, it's nice that subs like this exist.. that there's good-hearted folks out there willing to lend their ears and offer advice and words of encouragement, but, ultimately, what can any of us really do for anyone else? these problems are here to stay, and suicide seems like a practical move. No nice words can protect my body from the harsh elements, provide me with food my body needs to survive, or a new chewing surface with which to chew it. 