An open letterI’ve been depressed since middle school. I also have an anxiety disorder, and am a highly sensitive person.

I became a recluse and fell off my meds this past summer and became imminently suicidal twice, once on July 2nd and again on August 13th. I’d felt suicidal before, but this was different. The feeling was no longer met with any sense of dread, sadness, or despair, and the usual road blocks, such as what it would do to my mom or sister if I left them behind, were no longer relevant to me.

When you’re in a better place soon after a bad cycle, you tell yourself to bottle this emotion of temporary relief so that when you are in despair, you may be able to uncork it and trust your happier self that this cycle too shall pass. It’d be the same as if you made an audio recording of yourself when you were happy in order to play back to yourself when sad in order to try and talk yourself down. I’m kind of convinced that this mental note-to-self strategy is the only reason I temporarily put off killing myself. It was the next day when I was a little more clear-minded and not even necessarily suicidal that I told myself that I can no longer afford to keep playing Russian roulette with myself, and I did something I’d never done before: I swallowed my pride and pity and finally asked for help.

I didn’t even ask an old friend or a family member for help (because of the burdensome I felt). I drove to work, went to the HR lady, and told her I was suicidal and didn’t know what to do. I cried and cried and cried in her office, but looking back I think it was one of the bravest and smartest things I’ve ever done. She helped me take my first steps to a recovery I wasn’t even sure I wanted. I was taken off the work schedule for three months while I saw psychiatrists, therapists, and got back on better meds. There is a lot I went through during this time that I won’t bother mentioning, because it’s going to be a different process for everybody.

Point is this: as pointless as it may seem at the absolute worst of times, the fact is your life experience is too rare and precious to just throw it all away, although that decision ultimately comes down to you and you alone. Wouldn’t it be more interesting and amusing to see what ridiculous and crazy shit you could accomplish while you’re alive? If you don’t care what anyone else thinks of you if you were to die, why not take advantage of that feeling and not care what anyone else thinks of you while you’re alive?

History rarely remembers those who were always happy and content with their life. It usually remembers best those who were angry, emotional, and passionate—people who stood up for something.

There’s nothing I can say to take another person’s pain away, and there’s no way for me to adequately express what I’ve been through to anyone else. We all have our unique demons that we have to beat the shit out of on our own. Such is life. The only thing we *can* do is understand this much and to try to live a little more selfishly if that’s what it takes.

I did not mean to ramble on like this. Maybe I needed a little therapy session. I’ve been slipping on my daily meds lately, am still an anti-social recluse, am still having trouble motivating myself to simply shower, and just learned this afternoon as I was calling into work tonight for strep throat that one of my young, close coworkers died over the weekend. This winter feels like it will never fucking end. But I know it will eventually. Absolutely nothing in life is permanent, so see if you can learn to appreciate life’s ridiculousness, not fear it.

“The most beautiful people are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity, and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just happen.”