At what point does suicide become the best option??I fucking hate myself.  It has been years since I felt "normal". I wake up every day, and all I want to do is just kill myself. I think about it constantly. The way I lpok at it, suicide is no different to me than pulling the plug on a termanially ill person.


Think about it: There a multiple states in the U.S. where physician assisted suicide is legal. These are people whose lives are so unbearable that death is a preferable alternative to continuing to exist. Society recognizes that these people are better off if they get to choose how and when they die. My question is this: why do these people get to decide for themselves that death is a preferable alternative to continuing to live?  I have been so sad for so long, and there is no reason this will change.

At what point do we say "yes, your life is so awful that death is a better option than continuing to exist." is it 5 years? 10? 20??

I have no reason to ever believe i will get better. People love to say "suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem". but depression is not a temporary problem. depression doesn't go away. It's a constant spectre, hovering over your life and fucking with your thoughts. It infects every facet of my life. I can't go a day without thinking myself, and all those around me, would be better off if I wasn't around.

I don't have friends to reach out to. I thought I did, but they "dont have time for (me)." I ultimately don't matter. There isn't anybody who cares about me (aside from family, and that's more of an obligation than actual care.)

So please, tell me, if I have been depressed for YEARS, and there is no light at the end of the tunnel, why is it considered taboo to end it?? Every day i go through just as much pain and misery as anyone who knows their body is failing and they will die soon. I know that I will never be happy, that's a fact.


It's not my body that is failing me, it's my brain.  So why is it that those who know the rest of their life will be miserable. Mental health advocates say that mental illness is no different than a regular illness. If that is true, why are those who suffer some such treated differently than those who have physical sicknesses? Why can't I decide that it's too much, and I will be better off if I am not around?

I just want to die.