I don't know.Hello, I don't really know where to start or why I came here. I used to read this sub often when I was a little younger. I used it to give myself a better appreciation for life and it usually helped to make myself feel better. 

I guess ill give some backstory for myself if anyone cares to read. Im a poor writer so I apologize in advance. I think I had a very normal and happy childhood. I remember that my mother and father really loved each other and we were all just a normal happy family. I was the oldest child and eventually had two younger sisters. For as long as I can remember, I knew..i just knew something tragic was going to happen to me. Its very hard to explain and it was very scary, but I always tried to tell myself that was just what humans/people do. Worry or whatever.

When I was 15 my parents called me downstairs into the family room. As soon as I walked in I knew something was very wrong. I can see everything very clearly still in my head as I type this and its just the saddest thing. My mother told me that she had cancer and that her and my dad were going to do everything possible to fight it. she was crying than they both started to cry. That was the most traumatic part I think, seeing them both cry like that. I could see in my moms eyes that she knew what was going to happen. And so it did. 

Toward the end she looked nothing like how she used to. She wasn't my mother, she was an undead scary zombie. You might think that's funny or whatever but its the only way I can describe it. Her hair fell out her face grew gaunt, she couldn't drink water, no medications would react positively, she had a port put into her chest that looked mechanical in nature. She always put on a fake smile but we could see right passed it, or I could atleast. When it came down to her last few days of life I was too scared to see her. Im really starting to tear up as a type this but I was just too scared. I didn't know what to say or do, she didn't even seem conscious. And now that she was barely conscious the regret starting pouring in that I was too afraid to spend time with her while she was lucid. I wish I wasn't so stupid.

After that I spiraled into a drug addiction that lasted many years. I wanted to die but I was still young and in turn, also full of hope. Eventually, years later I worked my way out of that spiral. Ive had some brilliant periods of inspiration and motivation but it usually always comes crashing down sooner or later.

A few years ago I started dating and living with a girl who I loved very much. We were still lost kids even though we were in our early 20s but the year that I spent with her was the happiest time of my life ever. I really had some really high hopes for my future at that point. Having somebody really love me was amazing, ive always had a void after losing my mother and it was filled a bit.

Even though I had got a lot better, I still had some addiction demons left in me and would relapse every few weeks. Because of that and my immaturity in general, we broke up and the girl in question has never spoken to me since. And I don't blame her, I was a mess. I still think about her every day, more like every hour or few minutes. And its been a few YEARS. 

Ive never felt the same way about a person since. For some reason girls aren't really interested in me anymore (at least the ones that im attracted).

I moved into an apartment by myself recently and im just so lonely. So, so lonely. I have no friends. I have nothing and no one. I didn't even think I was that bad looking but maybe I am.

Anyway, Ive been thinking a lot about death lately. As naïve as it may sound, I feel like my life has already peaked. ( it wasn't even a great peak). I don't think I will ever love someone like I did with the girl from a few years ago. I think its very creepy and disturbing that I still think about her so much years later. I cant stop. I can not stop. I hate it but I cant let it go.

I want to die mostly from the loneliness and hopelessness I have of finding happiness. I used to believe that there was no life after death, ive always hated god and religion. 

Lately, I have been thinking that where we go after dying may be a better place. Maybe there is a hell and maybe we are living in it now. Maybe all it takes is to just let go, just completely let go of all the biological human instincts that try to keep us here. This could just be a simulation and our "lifetimes" could be the equivalent of milliseconds, our races entire existence just mere seconds.

I don't want to feel lonely and alone. I don't want to feel hopeless. I want to see my mother. I don't know about anything anymore. I feel like my isolation may be driving me crazy but what can I do? Who would want to be with me? No one.

I guess this isn't a typical "red alert im going to kill myself now". I guess its more of a "im getting very comfortable with the idea of death and feel like feeling like that is unnatural". I don't know.