FarewellHi,

I'm extremely sorry to post this here and ruin your day but I *really* have no one else to tell any of this and I've seen how caring and supportive a bunch you are; although I wouldn't be needing either of those today. Not me. Not today. Not ever again.

If this was any other day, any other letter I would've hidden this fact but there being a high chance that I might not have to bear the shame I might as well say this; *I am really scared of dying.* I don't think I could bear the pain of slitting my wrists that I'd die from pain before I lose enough blood. But that's okay; because however infernally painful it is, it'll go away. This time, I'm certain.

It has to, right?

Anyway I thought I'd tell you all a bit about myself before I go away for good. This could be the autobiography I never wrote.

When I was a kid they always used to call me the shy one. I rarely spoke to anyone outside family; would stay in the room reading when there were *strangers* in the house; and no matter how much pressure they put on me I just *wouldn't* agree to go with them to the party. Make no mistake I did attend the party, just not by choice; because *they* always win. Blessed are the meek right?

But don't call me antisocial yet. I did have friends. There was this girl I went to school with, let's call her Sam, who was the nicest person you ever saw. Never said anything that might hurt someone's feelings ever; except for maybe the few times she called the bullies *accidents*. She would always stand up to them. I once asked her why and she said "*because*". She didn't need a reason to help someone; unlike most of us.

( On a side note though, I think all of us are *accidents*. None of our parents went to bed one night and said, "Alright, this is the day it's going to happen. We're going to do it and 9 months from now we'll bring home a cute little baby and we'll name her X and when she's 11 let's get divorced so she's stuck between two parents who fights over custody and be used and abused till she's finally able to live on her own." Or did they? )

Needless to say she became my best and maybe only true friend. I was her best friend too.  
We were always together and used to sleepover at each others' all the time. I loved those sleepovers. That's when I got to show her my books and tell her all about them. She mostly only nodded. We'd sometimes watch movies she stole from her brother. It must've been weird to have someone whose favorite movie was "the Primer". I didn't understand it back then and I don't understand it now.

And when it was late at night and couldn't sleep we would just keep talking about things. We talked about all kinds of things; about music, movies, gossip, and boys and crushes. She had crushes on every boy in class. And I'm sure they all wanted to go out with her too because who wouldn't want to go out with such a nice and beautiful person. I always stayed quiet and went along with whatever she said when that topic comes up because how could I tell her that *I* had a crush on her. No, it wasn't just a crush. I *loved* her. And I'm sure she loved me too but only as a friend. God I wish *I* was a boy. Then she'd talk about me too. But then we wouldn't talk like this and her parents wouldn't allow me to stay there at night, and we might never even have become friends. And that's even worse. I was content with just holding hands and the occasional kiss on the cheek. I had to be.

But I still was jealous and sad and sometimes even angry when she went out with a boy. No matter how much I hated being the 3rd wheel I loved her more and went with them to the movies and whatnot when they asked me to come along. And when they didn't I stayed home listening to sad music for hours fantasizing how beautiful it could've been if she liked girls too. But that's okay. I didn't mind. As long as she was happy, I was happy; or I pretended to be.

Last night, they went to the movies and didn't ask me to come along. So as usual I went home. Tried to listen to sad music for some time and when that got unbearable I cried myself to sleep. It's okay really. I didn't mind.

This morning I got a call, from her father, saying that she's in the hospital and has asked to see me. I didn't drop the phone, like in the movies. I didn't even cry. I didn't have the energy. Real life is so different from fiction. When something extremely sad happens you just freeze. I've never driven that fast in my whole life. And when I finally got to her room there she was, lying on a bed covered up in bandages and when she saw me she smiled. I did too, but I cried a little bit too. It was hard for her to speak so we didn't talk much. Her father said that the boy didn't make it and that the truck hit his side and the car rolled over and that he was gone before they could make it to the hospital. And he told me not to tell her. So I didn't.

Before I left the room I told her that I loved her. She said she loved me too. And I said "Not just as a friend.". And she said, "I know". And she smiled. I smiled too. And I cried too. God I'm such a crybaby.

She knew! Despite all the sad feelings I was so happy that she knew that I loved her. I was so happy I kept smiling through the tears. And I waited outside with her parents.  

That's when the doctors and the nurses started to run to her room. I knew something was bad. Then she was taken to the ICU and we waited and waited and she never came back. She didn't come back. She'd left me alone in this lonely world. I couldn't stop crying dad had to come to the hospital to drive me home and it's only now I've put myself together and started typing this.

There's no reason for me to tag along anymore. The only person I loved is gone. I have nothing to look forward to. Hemingway was right when he said that the world kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially. She was all that, and more. *Much* more. She was my anchor. And now that the anchor is gone and I'm in the midst of a terrible storm, I can only sink. Fight the storm one might say, steer away, but what for? What's the point of living without the reason you lived for? Even from when I was a kid I had it pretty bad and I got through because of her. Because she was there for me when I was down and helped me get up countless times. Now she's not here. And I don't feel like I need to get up. We couldn't be together in life; maybe in death we can. Remember me maybe?

Love,
E.