I don't want help, I want to die.Suicide is  like the natural selecton for the mentally distressed, the ones that are strong enough to overcome do so, and the ones that not, don't live enough to reproduce. Life finds a way.

Hi, my name is X, I am about 20 years old, and this could have been about my 12th post in this site if I hadn't scrapped all of the previous ones before; regardless if anyone will read this or not, I want to have it somewhere before I choose the irriversible. I was born on a third world country, priviledged enough to be considered middle class, comfortable but not luxurious. I grew up with my grandparents and my mother, almost half of the time with each group, due to the ladder having to work all day in under the minimum wage paying jobs. As I stated, we had a comfortable way of living. We never ran out of food or water, had internet, tv, and could afford to buy nutella or a pizza once in a while, thanks to my mother's savings. I didn't need any other material possesion. My mother was someone with a really short temper and a severe untreated depression, as all the other characters in this tale, she would often get mad for miniscule things and  loose her mind while screaming and saying whatever went into her mind, to later (sometimes) regret the reaction and truthufly apologize. She has worked on that all this years, and I can say that at least today she is doing well, learning to control it, and more calm than I have ever seen her. On the other hand, there is my grandparents, the female, GM, who is a verbally abusive and emotionally manipulative woman, and the male, GF, who is a submissive and passive agressive judger, and not the problem here.  Growing up I learnt, since a pretty early age, that being the first granddaughter to be born (My oldest cousin is four  three younger) I was taking the place of not only "Grandma's spoiled little girl", but also the exange token. Fights were, and are, a common thing in my family. Family gatherings are a call for disaster, as there hasnt been a single one, without exageration, in which we have walked off without someone having fought with someone else. And yet, for some unknown reason that I have yet to understand, they keep doing them as soon as the fumes of the last fight go down. Going back to the token status. Each time my mother and GM fought, I would usually be taken away my grandparents for her to blackmail them. "You´re not gonna see X until you do this or that" "X can't love someone that did this or that to us". and then proceed to cry to me everything my GM has done to her in the past, including but not limited to ruining her academic opportunities, and making her life miserable. Then, once everything was over, be forced to stay some weekends with them , and deal with my GM crap about "how much they love me" "how unreasonable my mother was being by keeping me away" "how much they were hurt because of my 'horrible' mother" and that "if she does something to you call us and you come to live with us". I, for that matter, could see trough all of their bullshit. I wasn't naive in that aspect, and could easly see what they were trying to achieve.  But this, again, wasn´t the problem.

While I grew in a partially religious household, I became an atheist from an early age, in such a natural manner as a kid stops believing in santa or the thoot fairy, but at the time I didn't had a term for it. I was an exellence student, almost all my shcool history having full A+ in my grades, and strong relationships with my tutors (I still talk to some of my highschool professors, as we used back on the day, on intellectual or scientific conversations), almost every time won in any contest I participated, developed mental and motor skills at an early age, and had been born under a lucky star (as far as we ignore my family's long history of mental disease). I was a trophy child. Everyone in my close family would held me to high standards, and as I didn´t liked to underpeform, I pushed myself beyond limits since kid. They loved to brag about me at family reunions, workmates, or complete strangers, while not giving a crap about I was doing other than for social proposes. They showed me to the world, scolded me for missing a few things, and shoved me cak into the crystal cabinet to wait until they wanted to tell everyone "I did this kid" again. Lowering my grade by a tiny fraction would make them mad, getting sick of them and daring to respond to them would give me a week long scold, I had to go trough months of punishment (say, half a year without using the internet, and no, Im not exagerating, and even once I was forced to use all my summer vacations to read trough three 700 page budhist books and make resumees of them for my mother before I could think of touching any electronic device), and they never stopped complaining about my weight. And no, I am not fat. I am rougly over 2kg of my recommeded weight, which can't be physycally seen, even with close examination, but I´ve never been an underweight person, as GM always wished for me to. Im also not the most femenine thing out there, as GM would desire, I just don´t stick to archetypes, not because I want to be "rebellious" or "according" to society or any social movement, I don't do those kinds of politics. I like videogames (From Terraria to Xcom, the saga of the Age games, and most puzzle ones) and books (The Praise of Folly by Erasmus of Rotterdam is my favorite), have written tales since I learnt to write, and poetry since I was 14, but well, none of that matters, and I am a passionate D&amp;D player.

During this early years I developed some paranoidal behaviours that I still have, such as screaming in tears to a random corner in my room, to that "invisible man I know is watching me", to leave me alone. Other times I would cover anything with eyes (portraits or plusheies) with a blanket, as I utterly and unreasonably feared they were watching me. I would lock my doors and windows, even in the hottest of days (we've reached temperatures of 50+C or 120+F, which is halfway boiling point of water), and design clever noise traps and mechanisms to wake me up on the slightest disturbance. I caught my grandparents watching me over the windown a couple of times at about 2am, but nothing else. I stopped locking my doors so bady some months ago, and I no longer scream at the misterious invisible man, but have the constant and pressing feeling of being watched, whataver I do, wherever I am, usually pressing feelings of excessive guilt when Im not being productive. I also developed a severe anxiety, and a quick down on self esteem. I learnt to "hear" my family´s emotions trough the sound they made, their footsteps, the speed they parked with, how they opened the door, how long did they took to greet, and sublte voice and movement variations. I started to live with the constant feeling I did something wrong, as each time any would see something I made, either my grades, my weight, or productiviness, I would only receive complains. If I cleaned all the house without being asked for, I would get a "You didn´t clean here" before a "Thank you", if one ever came, so each time they talked to me, each time they went even close to my bedroom, I'd get really anxious and started to ask myself "What did I do wrong?". Similar to a kid that knows they took those cookies last night and is being asked about it, but with the difference it was all the time. 

And yet, that still isn´t the problem.

I had severe problems with anxiety and self esteem, and then the pressure started to slowly climb on me, I started to drown in expectations, and I felt responsable and obligated to fullfil them. I had to be the smartest, I had to be the most responsable, I had to be the best. (From this was born the famous phrase of one of my roleplaying games: "Almost is never enough, almost has never be enough."). I did not let down for a ehile, but then, as my teen age approached, I got lazier, and tired of it. Grades dropped, problems rose, and time and time again the only thing that happened was my anxiety getting worse, and my self esteem going lower. When I got to highschool everything ended up falling into pieces. I never got along well with girls, as females this age are quite peculiar beings, and while trying to find a group of boys that would accept me I got involved with the wrong people, which ocassionaly hited me and verbally abused me. I remember that from them I had to occasionally ignore their comments on the "kind of things they would like to do". After a year with this people, I got involved in my first ever fist fight, I won, and had such resentment that tried to move in with the group of boys that had some kind of "enemy relation" with the ones I got along (Yes, it was a childish move, what else were you expecting of a 12 year old girl). Wrong desition. One of this kids, which I believe does not have reddit and has no way of knowing who I am, as I have changed a lot, won my trust and slowly built what I though a solid friendship that lasted a year, right before he did what I will refer to "Take advantage of an emotionally fragile and suceptible 12 year old girl without friends or parental guiadance". You all know what I am talking about.

The kid blackmailed me for some time, until we changed schools. He chose where I would go and told me, and due to fear, so did I. Fortunately for me, that kid didn´t transfer, and after the first day on this school, after a lot of anxiety and fear, I finally blocked him from my only social media, and didn´t saw him again. 

Since that event, and during highschool, a lot went on. What used to be a generally happy and joysful girl with anxiety problems turned into someone uncapable of trusting people, closed and always at the defensive. I adoped the ideal of believing only in human hypocresy and the fakeness of all around me, which up to this day, I still kind of hold dear. I skipped a lot of details, but I went from being forced to "love" my GM and show affection to that someone that made me feel like carp, as if nothing had happened, to being trapped under blackmail of someone I thought I could trust, some physical abuse, and non ending family problems. A lot of them. I simply couldn't trust anyone anymore.

As problems went by, I started to unhealthly blame what happened on me, up to the point I started hating myself. Day and night I would reming myself how much of an idiot I was, and slowly depersonalzied completely with my past self. I had a bitter personality, a pesimistic attitude, and a pissed off face all day, had trust issues, anxiety, and the constant feeling of being watched, judged, and that people were there just to try and hurt me. This thoughts become overwhelming, so I decided to shut my head by keeping me busy all day, started to have a ton of activities per day, tried to take off me all the free time I could, only good thing I got out of this was a diplomate on literature, at age 15. Some months later, though, I started to be too mentally exhausted to continue, but I had convinced myself that my only value came when I was being productive (which was what pushed me for some months under this tiring rountine). So, when I stopped doing things, it wasn´t a surprise I quickly lost all the self worth I had left. My self value came from being useful, but I wan´t being useful. It was a mess that has lasted this last five years, in which I have sunk deeply into my good friend, Mr. Depression. 

Originally I thought it was the teen years, the drama of the moment, nothing reelevant. Until one year ago, date of my first suicide attempt. Failed, if you couldn´t tell. Thoughts started to overwhelm me too much, I could wake up in the best of moods and be put off by a single miniscule thing, a single comment, or even, by nothing. I would start to break into tears without a reason, to get agitated out of nowhere, and feel terrible. As those "look at me I am so deep" images, it was like a cloud of black smoke that completely covered me whenever it wanted to, rendering me useless for weeks. I started to be unable to wake up somedays, stopped eating, drinking water. "I couldnt meet any expectation, I am a dissappointment, I am letting everyone down, I am useless, I am stupid, I am a fake". Whenever I tried to make anything or make myself useful, this thoughts would overhwelm me until I broke to tears, and had a constant impulse to bash my head against a wall to make them stop, and funnly enough, it was until recently I realized that bashing your head against a wall is a form of self harm.   

Nowdays, I just want to die. I no longer see it as some way of "breathing" and relieving any pain, as I am firm with this though werever Im sad or happy, in good or bad mood. "I want to die". For years all of this sites against suicide have conviced me that I want help, that I want to be better, to be happy. And I though I did, but honestly, there isn´t much here for me. People say I could have been a brilliant person, have a good job, get to a good degree of studies. Maybe I could, I could if I wasn´t me. I have one good friend which I will certainly miss when I am gone, but even if he refuses to accept it, we both know really well how easier would it be for him when I am gone. My family would trumble a bit, as their exange token will be gone (yes, they still do that), but it will eventually pass. The rest, they don´t even care. Strangers out there, they dont even care. They know its important to help distressed people, and maybe theyre guided by morality or what not, but they, perosnally, dont care. Why would I fight for a world that hasn´t done that for me, nor anyone? I am tired of that, I am tired of trying to get better, to be better, and to convince everyone im better. I know I have dissappointed all of them, fooled the ones I hadn´t with a fake intellectuality. Human hypocresy, as I mentioned. I am resented with life and with the nature of humanity, I hate a lot of people just by their mere existance, and specially, I hate me, with all my heart, with all my soul, I hate myself. I hate my choices, my life, all Ive done and what I have not. I would love to go back and mend my mistakes, but I cant, and no one can. And honestly, I don't want to live with them.

I used to say that there was a tiny spark of light inside myself, the memory of an old me, trying to survive, trying to tell me to be strong, to convince me that "I am still here", drowning in all this shit, in all the details skipped because this is too long and I am too busy to keep writing. I looked myself at the mirror today, and just realized, she is no longer here.

I don't want to try anymore, I don't have a reason to stay. I just want to die.

If you got so far, I am sorry, stranger, I apologize for my broken english, I am not a native speaker, and for making your afternoon more bitter than what it already was.