i can't cope anymoreI've been abused all my life, by multiple people.  My main abuser is out of my life, but I'm just realizing that on top of all the physical, emotional and verbal abuse I've experienced (including attempted murder etc) that I've also been sexually abused, and the depth of that. I figured out my absolute irrational to the point of delusional fear of mirrors is caused by my sexual abuse  and I  absolutely broke down,  I've never felt so much pain.i constantly feel dirty but i don't have the energy to wash, and washing means being naked in front of mirrors.

On top of that, the person I'm living with has become abusive. (to the point where I'm not allowed to make a phone call if he doesn't like it)

I'm severely mentally ill. I've been previously diagnosed with depression and anxiety. my therapist reckons I'm having psychotic episodes, . I either sleep for 14 hours, or 0 hours. but when I do get to sleep, my abuser attacks me because its at "unacceptable times". I can't go to the shops without dissociating (nearly got run over today because I was so out of it)  

I had to leave uni. I can't work. once my abuser learns that I'm out of uni, there will be hell to pay by my abuser (my brother got demoted from work, and he yelled so much the cops were called by neighbours)

I can't get better while living here. I can't leave my  young sister (my abuser especially hates her) I can't leave my grandma (she wouldn't stand a chance) and I can't live without them anyway.

i can't afford to live alone.  I am too anxious and paranoid to live with strangers.

I did a lot of things out of character for a few weeks, a little while ago. I spent over 1000 dollars in a week (that's 800 dollars more than i usually spend) I fucked people without birth control (before this I'd only had sex once... I literally had sex with like 6 people) I went and dyed my hair, I cut my hair, I got a tattoo.  i don't know why I did this. I got the morning after pill, and started on the pill straight away afterwards, but im 4 days late. none of this is like me, but i did it anyway. i thought i was amazing.

the moment someone raises their voice, i have a panic attack and can't handle it. i try to prevent my abuser from doing it but no one else cares. They do things that I know will set him off.

my sister was raped and my abuser told her that it was her fault.

my abuser threatens things like burning down the house when we're inside.

me and my siblings were abandoned by our parents, and my grandma took us in.  he only believes we're tenants. and he believes that if we live here, he can control us.


 i honestly believe that we're in hell. I'm not being metaphorical here. I'm meaning it as literally as I can. 