I'm writing this as I'm about to kill myself, and I'm not sure why I'm writing it but here I go-reading back on this , it's really ramble-y and long, I'm sorry- 

So here I am, rope around my neck.
Tied to the banister of my stairs. 
Only fourteen years old, but a self-harming suicidal drug abuser who's got nothing left.
And all I have to do is jump.
Just take that step forward and it's all over
So why can't I do it? 
The rope is so tight I can feel my pulse racing.
I tried it out before, tightening it around my neck, and it wasn't painful. 
It maybe feels like a slight headache at worst.
And of course I've researched it thoroughly.
Some people say it feels like their head was exploding but I found a lot of claims that it wasn't as painful as it sounds. And plus, you're supposed to pass out after a few seconds. Just a few.
I could be dead right not, but instead I'm writing this.
Why?
Maybe I'm just scared.
I'm not religious but what if there is a hell, and I'm just trapped in endless torment.
Because I seriously doubt I'd go to heaven.
Or worse. What if there's just nothing.
It's just pitch black silence.
Being a ghost might not be so bad though. I'd like to be able to walk around without anyone seeing me. I'd love to go outside and just breathe. 
But I cant, there's too many people. 
I'm extremely self conscious and i guess just so crippled by anxiety that i can't leave the house. The summer holidays have just begun but I've been off school for the last three months anyway. I can't face it. 
And there's no way I'm ever going back.
Never. 

I can barely swallow, but breathing is fairly easy.
Maybe these will be my last few breaths.
I should just do it. 
I should just step. 
I feel so numb but it feels like heat is pouring out from tightness of the rope and I can feel myself sweating.

I know I'm hesitating, I know I'm just biding time.
I feel almost paralysed, like I can't move at all. 

This is meant to be a suicide note, not a story. Mum, Dad. 
I'm sorry, because I know this might hurt you.
And you're probably going to be shocked when you find out, because I've been fine right?
Or I'm sure that's what you believe.
I have a lot of anger towards both of you, honestly. 
You've never acknowledged what's obviously happening to me.
Dad, you're rarely kind with words and you've insulted me at least a hundred times. Spoilt, brat, ungrateful. One of your favourites? 'You don't care about anyone but yourself.' 
Sometimes I can see the disgust on your face when you talk to me. 
It's like 'what the fuck is wrong with you' is written all over your face sometimes.
And it sickens me.
And just know, that every single time you've insulted me. It's stuck with me. 
I think about ALL the things you've said to me over the past couple of years, the insults, the remarks about self harm, and the anger youve shown me, I hate myself more and more for every word that you say. It's not like I don't hate myself enough. 
Don't get me wrong.
We've had good moments. 
It's just not enough to outweigh the bad.

Mum,
I have no idea how this will affect you. 
On one hand, it might just be normal. The way every mother would respond to it.
On the other hand, I know that this might destroy you, because I know you're going through a hard time already.
But you've done some god awful things too. 
We've never been close.
Maybe when I was younger, but I don't remember any of it.
And I'm not complaining. 
It's not like I've tried to bridge the gap between us. 
But you've given me a lot. Everything, I guess.
You even gave me my life
But I'm not going the thank you for that.
Because I didn't want it.

Sometimes you change 
It's like you're in a fury of rage- a totally different person.
And when you're like that, you don't care about my feelings.

How dare you blow of my suicide attempt as attention seeking and just trying to stay off school.
HOW COULD YOU.
you saw the blood I vomited into our bathtub, and you just ignored it and told me I could stay off sick.
Then, a few days later you found my journal which very clearly says do not open. 
You read the words I wrote in there. All the personal stuff and the things I wrote as i took those pills
And you told me I did it for attention.
You accused me of trying to make myself sick to stay off school. 

And that's fucking sick.
Your daughter tried to kill herself and you say that.

I couldn't believe it.



Neither of you have any idea how I feel, what I experience on a day to day basis but you should.
How are you so blind to it?
I'm so angry right now, because how can you not fucking see. 
I sleep all day.
I barely eat.
I rarely drink.
I don't have any friends. 
I don't go outside. 
I don't do anything 
I just lay in bed, all night sobbing to the point of pain and suffering.
Then I sleep through the whole day and repeat.

Fuck, this rope is tight.
It's not that I can't breathe but my skin aches. 

I don't think you have any idea what it's like.
I'm not going to explain it all to you. Ignorance is bliss, after all.
But to sum it up. 
I must be depressed, there's something extremely wrong with me. I rarely feel happy. I feel empty, hopeless. 
I feel nothing but yet I feel pain, or fear.
I'm almost certain I have anxiety. 
Going out in public is a no. 
It's not something I do
It's been months since I've done that. Aside from school? It's probably been at least a year.
And it's definitely the reason why I hate school.
I think I might be developing schizophrenia. I see things that aren't there in the corner of my vision. Shadows.. silhouettes.  
I hear things. All sorts of things.
Footsteps is a big one.
Scratching. Whispers.
And I'm also terrified that something is going to attack me if I can't see it. I'm always checking behind me. Looking around the room. I'm probably paranoid. Or delusional. 

And also, I just have no hope.
I can't think of a single career I'd be happy in 
and I can't think of a single person who could love someone like me.  
I can't even get a friend.
I have no one to talk to.
Not one person. 
Everyone hates me and even I hate myself.
I'm alone. 
And I always will be.


Just know that I don't blame you, at all. You're not to blame.
Despite your ignorance and dismissal, and insults. You're not the reason.
Inside my head there's several wars going on and none of them are being won.



my dad just got out of bed I heard him and I freaked out and untied the rope from the banister and ran into my room
It's 3:36am
He went to the bathroom but now he's gone

I can't untie the rope from my neck and it's starting to rub
It's so tight

I'm sitting on my bed 
I think I'm in shock.
I'm scared

If I go back out there and he's awake he'll hear me and I can't risk failing. 

I feel sick to my stomach and I'm nauseous

I think I should just stop writing
I need time to process this.
I'm not sure what I'll do after I'll post this
I'm not sure I even should post this.
If I'm even allowed to post this
I'm not sure if I'll die tonight.
I don't know if I can risk it. 
I don't know if I have the courage to do it anyway.
I want it over, I don't want to grow up and inevitably be miserable forever. 
But I'm just not sure if I can be brave enough to take the final step.
Maybe not tonight.

I guess I'm not in a rush.
I have several weeks before school starts again and I think as long as it's over before then.. 
then I'll be okay.

I really thought tonight was the night.
I honestly did. 

It still can be, I suppose. 
But I'm scared now. My dads awake. 
It's probably for the best if I hold off.. 
But I also just want to get it over with.




