Does anyone else have debt and credit problems as a huge part of their reasoningI'm only 20 and completely fucked myself.  My credit is literally about minimum, I have as much debt as about half a mortgage and I can't pay any of it. I haven't even touched it for a about a year. I get like 5+ calls a day demanding payment, countless letters, emails etc. 

I'm 20 and fucked for life. I failed college and dropped out, so because of my literally all-failing grades I won't be able to get into any other college in the future.

And I don't want people to say I don't have to go to college, find a trade, work at x job because this is what I want. This is what I want my life to be and this is what I want to do with it. If you fail at your biggest goal in life and can never try again then what's the point? The alternative suggestion people are giving with that is just to be content with a life that's nowhere near what I want. And the worst part is I should be capable of it. I always did great in school until depression made me unable to do anything at all really. 

I'm gonna be a slave to all this debt and my credit history for 10+ years now too and that'd be a third of my life by that point, and it's all to pay for nothing really since it's for student loans that didn't get me a single credit, medical costs for a hospital stay that didn't help, and bullshit reckless spending because I'm stupid. 

The most fucked up part of all this is that most of the debt wouldn't even be canceled if I died. Like literally even killing yourself isn't a dramatic enough response for anyone to care. But at least at that point I wouldn't have to worry about it, wouldn't be giving me constant anxiety and panic, wouldn't make me realize all the dreams I had for myself are in the dirt forever and it's my own fault, and best case scenario even without depression being a factor my life would suck for about the next 10 years. 

I don't think any rational person could say this in itself isn't enough reason to feel this way, but it was caused by already being depressed and suicidal in the first place so now I've just made everything a million times worse.