Losing The BattleI've been depressed for the better part of 19-20 years, since I was about 5. I remember being such a sad child, but always acting happy because my mother worried so much when I was gloomy. I learned how to hide my feelings of uselessness and hopelessness behind making others laugh and doing nice things for the people I cared about. I'm sure many depressed folks can relate to this. I am officially diagnosed with Bipolar 2, BPD (borderline personality disorder), chronic dysthymia and PTSD.

I first attempted suicide in June of 2018 when I was severely intoxicated and on medication (Cymbalta) that was giving me both increased suicidal ideation and psychotic depression. I could hear my aunt's voice telling me what a worthless sack of shit I was and how she regretted ever coming to get me (long story short, I lived with her at the time). My purse strap broke and I was mad that I lived, but I passed out in the field I had drunkenly walked to from a party we were all at. I admitted myself to the psych ward the next day, and my aunt never believed I experienced psychosis - she thought I was mimicking her daughter, my cousin, who has schizoaffective disorder. I was there for 13 days and sent on my merry way with new meds and a better outlook. Later, in August '18 I ended up back in the hospital because my aunt's fiance had kicked me out for reasons linked to my mental illnesses and behavior from them when she wasn't home, and I felt like my life was over and I had nothing to live for. I was on different medications that kind of worked, but I had a minor breakdown the night I was kicked out. My mother called the local police from out of state to tell them I was a threat to myself and on foot with my belongings - the cops scooped me up and back in the loony bin I went. Both of my hospital visits were completely covered by my Ohio Medicaid.

I lived with my sister for the end of 2018-August 2019. It was the best year of my life, I was so happy in Tennessee (for the most part) and my mental illnesses were manageable. I had state assistance with my mental healthcare and was able to afford the help I needed with my menial waitressing job. I loved my sister, her boyfriend, their dogs - life was doable and I had hope. In August she sent me to live with our mother back in Florida, the place I hate the most in life, because she was struggling with her own issues and didn't want to inflict them on me.

Here I am now, in south Florida, working four days a week at an Italian restaurant for horrible tips and a lot of stress. It's been seven months, and I've been a broken mess since I've moved back. I saw a therapist a few times and even a shrink to get meds, but I can't afford either anymore and neither were helping me. The psychiatrist took away all my medications and left me on a low dosage of abilify (and of course I went off the deep end, so to speak) and I can't afford to go back and change the dosage or get a medication that actually works. This doesn't.  I tried CBD and it barely takes the edge of my crippling depression off. My therapist gave me coping methods I already knew as a form of assistance and frankly, I'm not paying $100+ a week that I don't have, or even once a month, to be told to draw out my feelings and to be asked what emotional state I'm in. Frankly, I've had it. I'm done. I am beside myself not being able to have my mental health treated in a half respectable manner, I'm done working a shit job with shit customers for shit pay and having no capacity to go back to school to further myself, and I'm so fucking tired of acting like everything is okay so my mom doesn't have a breakdown worrying about me. She knows I'm not okay but if I tell her I'm fine she leaves me alone. I have no hope for moving back to Tennessee, I could never afford to with the wages I'm making now. (That's all I want and everything I'll never have, being back in Tennessee where I truly loved living.) I've been at peace with death for years, but I'm finally ready to give up. I'm finally ready to stop my physical pain from a myriad of health issues (pain that is only increased by the job I hold), to stop the constant mental ache I live with, to stop worrying about how I'll survive on my own one day let alone move to Tennessee. I'm ready for my horrible teeth to stop hurting every time I eat or talk or sleep, ready to stop being angry that I didn't die in my sleep, and ready to stop hearing how everything will magically be better one day. It won't. I'm a loser and a mentally ill fuckup who has no future, no hope, no ambition. I've been researching the least painful ways to die and I think I've settled on either hanging myself or suffocating myself with a plastic bag and sleeping pills. It's just a matter of finding the last push of willpower to kill myself, and something that won't break under my weight to hang myself - did I mention I'm fat? I might post again in the future when I'm finally ready to do it, but until then, I wish everyone the best.