Confused about life, need answers, hopefully peace can be found eventually.I don't even know where to start, i just feel like maybe talking all this out with someone will either help me decide that life is worth fighting through, or that true happiness lies within ending my life, which is honestly how i feel right now.

I haven't been happy for years, for long as i can remember really I've been unhappy, i thought that when i became "An Adult" and in control of my life i'd be happier away from my god awful excuse for a family, but that just isn't the case, if anything it just got harder, more of a struggle.

So many times i sit in my chair and feel like everything would be so much better if i just ended my life, no more troubles, no more worries, no more stress just absolute bliss. 

The trouble is i'm deeply unhappy and no matter what i do i can't fix it, i just feel like i don't belong here, when people picture themselves growing old and settling down, i can't and i've said it for a long time, i honestly feel like i'll kill myself before i grow old, it's a constant battle. I don't necessarily want to kill myself, i just don't want to be alive anymore, but at the same time the only way to achieve that is by killing myself, so i guess i do want to. This is what i'm trying to figure out.

I had a psychological assessment at work once and they basically told me they couldn't help me and i had deep rooted issues that i needed to talk to my doctor about. But i don't feel like it will fix anything or change my perspective on life, i don't really feel like im giving you much info here, i don't really know what to say. All i know is i'm deeply unhappy, constantly struggling and constantly wishing i was no longer alive, right now all i can think about is ending my life, it's almost like i feel that i belong dead, that's my purpose, i'd be much better off. 

I just need someone to talk to, my mind is a massive haze and i can't figure out what i need to do without talking to someone, i'm afraid i'll make the wrong decision alone.