4/8/19 

I’m sorry

I wanted to be the perfect son. I wanted to be the dream child.

Get married, have a wife, have kids and have a nice house.

I still could’ve had all of that with the exception of one thing, I would’ve had a husband

I’ve always wanted 3 kids, a pair of twins and one older child. I was going to work hard towards my future so that way my kids wouldn’t have to “struggle”.

I wouldn’t have spoiled them, just make sure that they have what they need.

I fell into a deep depression because of my sexuality, I almost attempted suicide twice.

I need help, I need love but no one gave me that.

I wanted to tell you what was wrong. I wanted to open up so bad.

But all you would’ve done was tell me that my decisions are dumb, you wouldn’t be able to relate and you possibly would’ve made it worse.

I cried myself to sleep so many nights, I longed for that day of acceptance.

I no longer care for your acceptance of my sexuality, you have your beliefs and I will respect them.

I don’t want to do this, I love you guys too much. It’s honestly sad

I’m always putting you guys above myself, but when will I be able to put myself first?

When will you guys let me be, if you guys don’t agree with it then I won’t hate you

I just ask that you respect. I’m tired of being alone. I’m tired of having to fake smile.

I know you guys see it, I know you know that I’m depressed but you are too scared to help me.

You’d rather see me hate myself then for you to just lie to me and tell me you don’t care.

Would you rather see me dead? Honestly it feels that way sometimes.

As I’m writing this, you finished telling me about how the “gay” life is wrong and bad for you.

Maybe it is, but why is it you get to decide how I get to live MY life. It’s funny because you once asked me if I needed to go to the doctor for help and even though I knew the answer, I said no.

You wanted me to tell you all my problems but I won’t. I never will.

I’m not doing this because I hate you, but instead because I love you guys.

I’d rather live no life then live a life where everyone hates me.

As I’m writing this, a song came on. It was, when I’m gone by 3 Doors Down. The first verse perfectly describe what I’m feeling and if it ever comes to it,

These are my last words.

There's another world inside of me that you may never see  
There's secrets in this life that I can't hide  
But somewhere in this darkness  
There's a light that I can't find  
maybe it's too far away,  
Or maybe I'm just blind