I just wish things were differentI wish my brother would just kill himself. I bet everyone would mourn his death. But if I died, what would people know me for? Probably for being a pussy who didn't land a punch on his little brother. I'm always the bad guy in situations like this. Even when mom tells me to let it go, she never gave me a single instance where I was the good guy. In this case, I got a little too close to mom and my brother came in and socked me a couple of times. He was the knight in shining armor that defeated the monster.   


That was always the case with me. Any time there was an altercation, I was always the instigator. Everyone has at least one reason to hate me, even going as far back as elementary school. It was also during that time where I started comparing myself to my brother and who wouldn't? I was on the cusp of getting expelled multiple times while he was learning at a faster pace than everyone else. After that, I didn't really pay attention but according to mom, it was still there.   


I have no idea how anyone would just punch their sibling and would just go with their day. It's borderline psychotic if you ask me. But that was just what broke my mind. I've had these things billowing in my head for years. I can't stand them. Thoughts about what would happen if I told people what I was doing. I would always think about that. That's why I'm never comfortable talking to people directly and would prefer to do it through text-based means.  


Anyway, I'm writing this down as a way to put my thoughts somewhere because I fear if I kept them inside, bad things would happen. Either I would kill my brother, myself, or both. I can picture how I would go down now. I pick up a knife from the drawer and stab it in my stomach, my eyes closed when it happens. Blood pouring through my white shirt as I fall to the ground, trying to scream for mom but nothing comes out.  


In fact, maybe I don't wish my brother to kill himself. After all, I can only control my actions.