i made a life for myself after escaping abuse - now that life is in jeopardy. feeling hopeless.i ran away from an abusive home situation and was taken in and supported financially by a friend. that support suddenly ceased a few months ago and i was facing homelessness. out of desperation i took the first place that said yes to me - now i hate it. i pay like 70% of my income to rent a room in a house full of screaming children and passive aggressive control freak roommates. i thought i could deal... but now i can't. the constant tension in the air, the walking on eggshells, the dreading coming home to what should be a refuge after a shitty day at my high-stress low-pay job - it reminds me too much of the abuse i flew thousands of miles to get away from. i don't feel safe anywhere anymore and can never relax. the building stress is putting me into crisis.

i want to get out, but since my previous roommate and i parted ways i have literally no real-life support system anymore. deep-seated trust issues means i have no real-life friends at the moment. i feel like i have no one to talk to. i do have a therapist who is extraordinarily kind and has been letting me see her for free ever since i lost my previous living situation - but i can't see her as often as i feel like i need, and i feel guilty seeing her without payment no matter how many times she tells me it's alright. aside from that, all the therapy in the world couldn't solve the more practical issues - i don't have the money to move again, nor do i have a license, so how would i even physically move my belongings? my previous roommate helped me move last time but they're out of state now.

i feel so trapped and hopeless. i haven't felt this emotionally or mentally bad in years. i don't feel capable of doing my job anymore - especially don't feel like i can do the 2 mile walk i do every day to get there and back. i have no energy, i'm utterly exhausted, always feel like i'm in fight-or-flight mode now. i can't handle my stress and have been catching myself flying off the handle about minuscule things. i almost had a meltdown at the grocery store yesterday because i couldn't fit all my shit in the reusable bags i brought in. i can't go on like this and i'm afraid of getting so deep in crisis that i become fully nonfunctioning. what will i do then? if i can't do my job i'll become homeless.

this hurts so much especially because i was doing so well. i felt like a full, functioning adult - i had a job, my boss loved me, i was being considered for a promotion, i was putting money into savings and paying down old debts, fixing my credit score, putting food on my table. i felt like i had become so much more than i had been told by my family that i would ever be capable of - i felt like my life was my own. now it's all in the gutter again and i really don't know how i'm going to get out this time. i'm not sure if i even want to get out this time. what do i do?