Don't Fear the ReaperWanted to share a story I've had in my head before I go.


*Love of two is one

Here but now they're gone

Came the last night of sadness

And it was clear she couldn't go on

Then the door was open and the wind appeared

The candles blew then disappeared

The curtains flew then he appeared... saying don't be afraid

Come on baby... and she had no fear

And she ran to him... then they started to fly

They looked backward and said goodbye... she had become like they are

She had taken his hand... she had become like they are

Come on baby... don't fear the reaper*



"And that was the 1976 smash hit from Blue Oyster Cult on their album, Agents of Fortune. You're listening to KI 93.01 Radio Station, we'll be back in a bit."

I furiously pushed the radio button off, the only sound in the car being the heavy rain beading down on my car and the sound of the wind shield wipers.

Silence. And yet, my mind was spinning. A voice inside my head was telling me to turn back, and yet, I knew I couldn't. I knew this would be the end.

Slowing down on the dirt road, I arrived at the rusty old bridge that people had to use to get into town. Now it was worn down, decrepit, and falling apart. 

I turned off the car and breathed a heavy sigh. Was I really going to do this? My brain said no, but my heavy heart was too tired to put up with all the chaos in my life. 

I walked to the railing and looked down at the cold dark water below. I wanted life to be better, but I didn't know what to do. Tears started flowing down my cheeks as I thought about my finance left me, I was massively in debt and stuck at a dead-end job. 

Grabbing the pipe, I hoisted myself up until my feet were on the top ledge and I was holding onto the wire above me. This was it, now or never I thought. The water splashed roughly against the bridge, as if calling me, knowing their cold depths would be my icy grave.

"Ccchhhhrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssstttoooppphher......"

I froze, looking around for someone else on the bridge. A fog had started to creep in, but I could see there was no one else besides me.

"Ccchhhhrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssssssttttttoooppphher......"

It was like an icy tinge down my spine, the hairs on the back of my neck standing up from whatever was calling my name.

The fog had now engulfed the bridge, unable to see what thing was calling my name.

"Heelllooo?" I stammered, " whose there?".

Then I saw it. It must have been nearly 10 feet long, with a black robe that covered its body. It seemed to hovered above the ground, as I watched frozen in shock as the figure of Death appeared before me.

 "Are you Death?" I managed to spurt out. 

It did not answer nor could I see what its reaction was from under its hood.Slowly, Death raised its arm, pointing its bony finger at a point in the fog.

"Is this the end for me?" I asked. Saying nothing, Death only pointed. Not knowing what to expect, I started to walk into the fog with Death following behind.

The fog cleared and I stepped out to be what appeared to my Mom's kitchen. Hearing sobbing, I turned around to see my Mom crying over the counter. I felt a sickening twist in my stomach as I realized she was standing over a birthday cake she made. In all the confusion, I had forgotten the next day was my birthday. I felt sicken to see my Mom in such pain.

Turning to Death, I pleaded, "Please Death, no more. I wish to see no more."

Death said nothing, as the kitchen dissolved and a morgue appeared. My older sister was talking to the doctor, sobbing as the poor doctor tried to comfort her. My niece and nephew sat in the chairs, silent and stunned. My heart did a backflip as I watched my sister, usually so emotionally strong, break down infront of me.

Tears rolled down my face. "Please Death, tell me this. Is this things that will happen, or can I stop it."

The morgue dissolved, and we arrived back at the bridge. Sinking to me knees sobbing in a ball, I cried out. 

"Please Death, you showed me it's not right for what I intended to do tonight. You showed me what I needed to see. I won't jump, I swear. I WANT TO LIVE!

Silence. Gasping for breath, I looked up. I was alone again on the bridge. the fog has dissipated, and the only sound was the splashing of the waves on the bridge.

Slowly getting up on my feet and wiping my face with my hands, I walked to my car and got in.  Driving away, I turn the radio back on.

"This is Frankie Z with all your musical needs. I want to get started with the 1976 smash hit, from their début album, here's Blue Oyster Cult with Don't Fear the Reaper." 

The End

Edit: Sorry it's a mess, but I tried to get it out in a hurry. Don't bother PMing me, I won't read them, I think this may be my last night and I wanted to share this story before I go.

