Thinking about breaking up - Scared of how I'm feeling and what I'll do to myself.I've pretty much figured out that my boyfriend isn't really in love with me, or at least not enough.  Our relationship is very unequal and he barely tries.


I wrote out my feelings in a letter today.  I might break up with him tomorrow, if he picks up the phone.  A year and a half down the drain.  I don't want it to be over, but everything is really unrequited.  I feel like I'm wasting his time.  Plus, we're long distance.  I don't know why he's keeping this up for someone he feels lukewarm about.  I keep trying and trying to make things work between us, but he's made it pretty clear that he doesn't care.


There's a logical and rational part of my mind that knows it's ridiculous to kill myself over a relationship.  My last relationship was abusive and when it ended I took 3 years off from dating, remained celibate, and went through therapy.  I took "me" time to learn to like myself again and love being alone.  The whole "you have to love yourself before you can love someone else" bit.   I thought it worked.  I really thought I was ready for a relationship, and my guy is really special.  He's smart, we have an insane amount of things in common, similar life goals, outlooks on life, and he makes me laugh.  Funnily enough, he's a redditor.  It'd be perfect, except that I really don't think he's in love with me.  Every time I ask for something that's really important to me (like telling him that it's important that he come down on this trip to see me) he backs out, runs away, and then gives me the silent treatment.  It's weird and I try to talk to him about it, but he's stubborn and refuses.  After a year and a half.


I really did think I could handle this, but now I'm back to the same old thoughts.  I feel like a failure.  Like I'm not good enough.  Like I'll never really be loved or cared for in a romantic way.  I tried so hard.  I read books, I was myself, and I even went back into therapy to work on myself.  But no matter what I do I can't fix the fact that he doesn't really want to be in a relationship with me.  But he won't break up with me, it's so confusing.


I've struggled with depression most of my life and done all the "right" steps, but I still feel like this.  I still feel like I'm a failure and shouldn't live, and then should die just for wanting to die.  It tends to spiral out of control.  Some people are so vehement against suicide and don't comprehend why someone would feel like this.  I can't comprehend not considering suicide and sometimes forget why some people don't see it as an option.  It's like I was born without this barrier in my mind that said "Death is not acceptable."  I have found my ways around this, such as viewing life like a story and wanting to read the next chapter, but they suddenly seem weak right now.  I feel deficient.
 

Just a couple of weeks ago I started harming myself in a fit of tears and rage.  I haven't done something like that in years.  It's terrifying.  Even when I do everything "right" and try to take care of myself, things turn out wrong and I am still right back to feeling depressed and unworthy.  I am so tired.  I am so tired of not finding happiness and tired of this shadow always following me.  I try to "fake it until I make it" but after over 5 years of faking it, I am still just depressed, lonely, feeling like a failure, and wanting to die.


So really, it's more than just the possible end of this relationship.  It's the fact that I feel like I can't get better.  It's been 5 years of therapy after my relationship with my abusive ex ended.  It's been a struggle with my self-esteem and effects of verbal abuse in my childhood all my life.  Here I am, after thinking I was at least somewhat better, back to the same old dark thoughts and feelings.  It's like it was lurking there the whole time and will never go away.


I feel intrinsically damaged and broken beyond repair.  I keep trying to tape myself back together, but I'm still like this.


*****

**tl;dr**  The possible end of my relationship is triggering depressive and suicidal thoughts.  I'm scared of myself.  After so many years of therapy, I feel like I'm a hopeless case.