I can't forgive myself for one nightFirst of all, this is the first time I've ever posted anything, not just on here but on Reddit as well. I feel so awful that I don't know where to turn, as I'm not religious and I'm too afraid to tell anyone in person.

This all happened about a year ago. I'm a college student turning 21 in a few weeks. My friend was having a house party for his birthday and I went and had a few drinks. I met this girl who I didn't even know and still don't. I was pretty drunk at this point, but not like she was. She was all over me, I don't want to say she started the contact between us but either way, I thought she wanted a hookup. At first, I felt reluctant, she seemed way too drunk and I tried to take her home. She wouldn't tell me what her address was. I tried to convince her over and over again that I would take her home safely, she just kept making out with me whenever I said anything. I guess the attitude I had at that point was "fuck it, we'll do something and I'll take her back, it'll all be good". Well we went back and had sex, and she seemed into it until she said she was done, and I listened. I eventually got her back to her place, her roommates thanked me, and me being drunk, didn't realize the magnitude of what I was doing. On top of that, I didn't use a condom. I know I pulled out in time because I had blue balls later.

I woke up the next morning to realize what I did. I realized I had unprotected sex with someone me and my friends didn't even know. She gave me her number but I couldn't find it in my phone. Guilt tripping and on the point of panic about the possibility of pregnancy, I decided to go to her house to talk about it. She only said, "What the fuck? No we didn't (have sex)". In an awkward position, I apologized and left. I shouldn't have done that, I should've stayed and talked further even if that meant me going to prison or something. My friends tried to console me, but I know deep down they think I'm a rapist. I bash rapists whenever I see them on the news, and I can't believe I'm one of them. I don't know anything about this girl's current life. Hell, I found her on Facebook and it was completely private, no mutual friends or anything.

I can't live with myself knowing what I did. I've dealt with depression in my past but I never would commit suicide, it seemed like giving up to me. But now I understand, I'd rather be dead than live with how I feel any longer. It's all I think about. I'm afraid I'll burn in hell forever and I'm not even religious, that's how bad I feel. I don't even know where to turn and all I'm thinking about when I type this is if she's by herself, raising some poor bastard child. Just kill me, fucking kill me, put me out of my guilt. 