At 12AM this Saturday morning, I will kill myself.I am done with my loneliness and done with my depression.

I've consigned to the fact that I will be alone: friendless and relationshipless for the rest of my life. It's in my best interest to cut it short at this point as I can't bear it any longer.

I'm 24, male, short, ugly, and have extreme social anxiety. Even if there were people out there who would be OK with being a friend or a significant other out there (there aren't,) I would never find them. The duty of a man is to be the forward one in all interactions and my (albeit undiagnosed) chronic social anxiety means I will never be able to fulfill that role. I have nobody to blame but myself for reaching this point. If I wanted to not be alone until I killed myself, I would have not been born with such a fucked up brain.

I've been told to seek out therapy or medication but I'm not strong enough to do it. My depression makes it impossible to do anything productive, and even if I wasn't depressed I would still be too scared to talk with a real person about my problems. I've never been able to talk to anyone about this. At best I've been told to "stop being a pussy" and at worst I've been mocked behind my back by my own family and socially ostracized at school. I tried calling a suicide hotline but it was such a negative experience that it made me want to kill myself even more and I hung up on them.

My  entire day consists of:

\-work

\-browse internet and talk to nobody

\-sleep

On weekends all I do is sit on a couch depressed and stressed out. I can sometimes hear people walking around outside my apartment and talking and laughing and I wish I could join them, but I know I'll never be able to because of my anxiety.

My plan is to jump off the highest bridge possible into the water so that nobody has to clean up a body or be scarred from seeing me do it. I hope that oblivion will bring me a bittersweet peace from this existence. People weren't meant to live like this, and there's no possible way for me to get help anymore. Society today doesn't understand the lethal combination of anxiety and loneliness and any attempts to "help" me, from good intentions or not, are doomed to fail because the only people who understand me are just as depressed as I am, or worse.

What are some good reasons not to do this?