Battling anxiety and depression, recently lost my dad, and I don’t know where to turn to. Genuinely looking for advice and any input.I apologize in advance for how long this will be. 

I don’t know if I can even write a TL;DR because I feel like I need to write everything I am feeling. If you are reading this, thank you so much.

Some background, my depression and anxiety started to really affect me in 2016. My dad had an almost fatal heart attack that year and it crushed me because I told everyone in my family we should take him to the hospital when I noticed he was not looking well. No one listened including my dad since they all said it was just because of exhaustion. The next day, he said he was feeling numb all over and when we finally took him to the hospital, the doctors confirmed it was a heart attack and he needed emergency surgery. Luckily he survived but I was traumatized. Also angry because no one listened and angry at myself for listening to my family and not taking the initiative to take my dad to the hospital. 

Fast forward to this year.

My depression reached a point in January where I rarely left my bed and suicide was all I could think of. By this time, I lived with my boyfriend and my parents are living in another state with my oldest sibling. 

I wanted to call my parents but my thought process was that I did not want my dad to see me at my lowest point. Plus, I was going to therapy and a lot of emotional abuse came up which was from my family.
I was diagnosed with the works: anxiety, depression, panic disorder and post traumatic stress disorder. All from the abuse I received from my family. So I had a lot of turmoil. I wanted to call my dad but I was angry but I also wanted to make sure he was doing fine but at the same time I wanted to scream at him while also wanting to let go of the past. I’m sorry for the run on sentences but I think that’s what my anxiety makes me feel, just one long run on sentence that contradicts itself lol.

He passed away in February and I found out over the phone and I screamed. I just remember screaming while my boyfriend held me and my mom was sobbing on the other end saying he was gone.

When I finally saw his body, my mom asked me why I didn’t call him because he was waiting for my call. But the tone of her voice was like poison, I felt so guilty and I believe I will carry that guilt with me for the rest of my life.

Today, my other sibling talked to me and said he understands what I’m going through. I told him I felt like everyone in our family undermines my experience because they tell me that they always have had it worse.

I told him what my mom told me about not calling my dad, he confirmed that it was actually my dad that told her that and she didn’t want to tell me. But she told me. And he basically told me the same thing. But he also told me that it wasn’t to make me feel guilty or bad.

I feel like shit and I feel like there is something crawling under my skin, going into my chest and filling it with all these emotions of anger, guilt and I genuinely don’t know if I just want to kill myself or scream or both. 

I had a sinking feeling my dad died thinking I did not want to talk to him. And my mom and brother confirmed that fear today.

I am feeling so many emotions and I genuinely, do not know where to turn to because I feel like I am a fraud. How can I consider myself a human being when I let my own dad die thinking I did not want to speak to him?

Thank you if you have made it this far. I apologize for the length of this post. I would greatly appreciate any advice/input/comments on anything. Good or bad, I think I need to read different perspectives. 

