When you reach out, what do you want?I am asking this seriously and out of frustration and a desire to help. 

I do not work at a suicide hotline or a mental health facility or anything resembling a group that provides support services to the suicidal or those in grave danger of self harm. We are functionally not equipped for these situations because we basically process paperwork for other agencies and might call you on their behalf. The literal definition of a bureaucratic mild man, if you will. It is a delight in my day when I call you and direct you to seek help elsewhere because that’s my job. 

It is not an uncommon feature of my or my coworkers day to suddenly find ourselves with someone with very active suicidality on the other side of the phone and it’s been increasing in the decade I have been working in this bureaucracy. 

Today we had a man who repeatedly contacted us, highly agitated, telling many people that if we didn’t help him he would kill himself. He was very graphic about his plan. When we asked what help he needed he would just repeat that he needed help or he would kill himself and then hang up when we, unable to help, did not. And then dial back in. 

Eventually we looked up what address his number is associated with and sent a police welfare check. Which terrible because sending cops to a mental health situation is potentially just suicide by cop. But there wasn’t anything else we could do?

I have had conversations with men with guns to their heads, women who’ve been collecting sleeping pills, and more. And we aren’t even a collections agency! It is, more often than not, framed the same as today - if you don’t help me, I will do this. 

I know no two people have the same experience but - what help do you want? I am confident you don’t want a suicide hotline or the cops but I work in a call center in a business processing paperwork. 

(I am asking this seriously. I am in a position at this business to expand our resources if there is anything I can do and I am exhausted of my coworkers needing time off and counseling because they are worried they listened to someone kill themselves. I am worried that it is worsening my own PTSD. Please answer this seriously.)