The feeling is backDon’t have the energy to write this in an engaging way but if anyone takes the time to read this, thank you.

I’m 28 years old. From age 12-23 I was suicidal until I got help and slowly learned how to function. I was on disability for 5 years for agoraphobia and ptsd.

I got a job and I’ve held it down for almost 3 years, managed to get off SSI. I got promoted to a higher manager position but after a year I had to step down because it was too much. I feel like a decent worker but my job is going nowhere. The money I make is barely enough to pay for where I live. Even after 3 years I make barely more than an entry level employee.

Today I accidentally missed my shift for the first time in a long time. My coworkers blew up my phone and are pissed/worried but I haven’t replied to anyone. I feel nothing about it but sadness and shame. I’m also so exhausted. At the same time I don’t know if I can handle looking for another job. I just feel like a fraud and a loser who can’t handle being in the work force. I don’t want to let anyone down. This job has represented stability for me for a long time

I have no family where I live. My whole family is on the opposite side of the country from me. Last year my dad suffered a heart attack that was almost fatal and lost his short term memory. Sometimes I want to go back to my family, but I’ve lived away from them for 6 years. I’m afraid that if I went back I would regress back to being as fucked up as I used to be.

I’m tired of trying to function every day in a life that’s going nowhere. I’m haunted by memories of my past and fear. I’m very lonely and don’t know who to turn to. My sister is autistic and sometimes I think I might be too because I’ve always struggled with basic life things 

I just feel like a damaged person. I was in and out of mental institutions while I was on disability, I never want to go back to that. If my mom wasn’t around I would probably go back to drugs but she’s the one person I really don’t want to hurt like that. If she wasn’t around I would consider suicide again. For now I’m just biding my time hoping I don’t make people hate me :(