Why does life go from fun and joy in your youth, to empty and dull after 50?Like most people I live day to day, moment to moment.  If there's a little joy packed in there somewhere... great, bonus.  

I saw a little girl the other day dancing and prancing down the sidewalk ahead of her mother.  She had to be about 2 or 3 years old.  She didn't have a care in the world, you could see the happiness in her smile and in the bounce of her step.  When her mother corrected her, she let out a cry, but she wasn't sad for long, soon she was bouncing and skipping ahead of her mother again, which was part of the reason she was scolded in the first place.  

Now I'm 50 and life doesn't offer much happiness in the moment like the little girl I mentioned -- guess that's the price of "maturity".  The last 10 year or so I've become less and less eager to enjoy life.  Enjoyment in and of itself seems like a futile battle.  

I walk/jog nearly every evening to keep up my health and hopefully to help chase away the blues, but it seem to help less and less.  

A 20 something woman I know is all ways talking about her latest bf or crazy thing she did on the weekends, she still has that youthful enthusiasm for life.  I ask  myself if I'd like to do any of those things: drinking, reckless thrill driving, more drinking, etc., and I have to say none of that appeals anymore.  I just can't find fun or excitement in anything anymore, not even sex.

Recently I started taking a few dance classes just to see if I could find something that I'd enjoy doing to add some spice to my life.  Not happening.  I get good exercise from the classes, but I'm so bored by them I have to drag myself there each week -- after all I paid good money for them right.

I've tried many hobbies over the years thinking this will be the thing I enjoy doing that will get me out of the funk I'm in.  At first it's enjoyable, but soon it becomes a bore and the enthusiasm wears off, then it becomes drudgery.  

So everyday looks the same and so does the future.  I see friends and family blissfully going through life enjoying it far more than do.  I have to think to myself, are these people partially insane?  Is that the trick to enjoying life, to be blissfully ignorant of life's predicament?  If it is, then I'm completely incapable of doing that.  I have to keep examining my life and my situation.  You know the old Socrates saying, "The un-examined life is not worth living."  Well I'm here to tell you that I'm pretty sure that the examined life leads to depression and dread.  So if joy and happiness come from blissful ignorance, then I'm completely incapable of doing it.  I lie.  I could start to get dementia which might be a blessing in disguise.  I've never meet a unhappy dementia patient, confused maybe, but not unhappy.

Anyway, all the self help books seem to say the same old think, "think differently and life will change"... I'm beginning to think their full of it, full of my money that is.

I'm not suicidal, but I do wish life would just end for me, I see no happiness in my future, not even a little bit.

I'd be interested in anyone's suggestion of things you've done to chase away the boredom, blues and utter scene of futility.