I can't stop crying and I feel horrible...Sorry if I sound a bit incoherent right now, I'm still tearing up. Today I came back home for thanksgiving from college and I visited my dad in the hospital, where he has been for about 2-3 weeks due to his depression. When I saw him, I saw him brighten up and say, "I miss you man" When I looked at him, I noticed he lost a lot of weight, and he looked fragile. He looked weak but he could get up. From that point, I had to do my best to hold back my tears and I smiled and told him how college is going really well and I'm doing great in class. I noticed he kept looking down sadly. The nurse brought him food and he barely ate. My mom encouraged him to take a bite or so and he did then he felt full. I didn't realize the real impact of the situation because when I heard my dad going to the hospital and gradually feeling better each day, I underestimated the situation. But when I saw him with me own eyes, I felt horrible. I felt responsible for this. So many things have happened to him. He lost his job over the summer. I moved out of the house to college (I called him and my mom everyday to keep in touch). The divorce also happened but my mom is the one actively taking care of him and I'm grateful for that. But I just felt horrible seeing him sit on that green chair, looking down with a gloomy expression on his face. When my mom asked the nurse if he could go home for thanksgiving because I was only back for the week, she said she was sorry but my dad had to stay. At this point I started to tear up but I still held back. What made me lose it was when my dad and I had an alone time and he started telling me "my life is over. Tell mom she's a great woman and a great mother and tell your sister I love her and I love you but my life is over" I kept reassuring him that he has a long life ahead and he's just hitting a bump in the road. He will be okay, he just has to think about the positive things. Try to live without regrets and we all make mistakes and we are not perfect. Then he started tearing up and asking God to forgive him. I started to feel guilty because I feel like the fact that I moved 4 hours away from him for college catalyzed his depression. All the accumulation of bad things that happened caused his depression. When I came back home with my mom I ran to my room and started crying. I feel like a horrible son. I remember how I disappointed my dad several times in the past. I remember how I told my mom "why did you marry daddy" when I was probably 6 and I was pretty pissed about something but I don't even remember anymore. I want to take it all back. I want my dad to be happy. I feel like I'm at fault for this. I would never tell my dad this because I don't want him to feel like he's the reason I'm blaming myself. I just feel horrible about the situation. What can I do to help my dad? I want him to be happy again. I don't even know who to turn to.