Lost my health insurance. Hospitalized 3 times this year. Lost and feel like nothingI didn't receive recertification paperwork, probably because I moved within the past year. Yes, I notified them. (Medicaid) I had united as my managed care plan. My psychiatrist gave me a break for this month but won't see me next month without united and even if I can fix medicaid tomorrow, which isn't possible, I can't get united back until Dec. 


I received the cancelation notice but didn't open it until it was too late to request a fair hearing in time to keep my health insurance. (Four days too late) I was crying hysterically on the phone and the lady just told me "good luck" in a very bitchy tone and hung up on me. I called back and spoke to her again and told her it was very triggering after I explained my story and I asked her if I should just call 911 because I'm suicidal and she told me to call medicaid. 


I've been planning a suicide for a few weeks since I found out I lost my insurance. I nixed it when my doctor said he would see me but after today I'm just ready to give up. I'm agoraphobic and I have trouble getting out in the first place. 


I faxed all the paperwork to them but that seems irrelevant. I was hospitalized 21 days over the summer for being suicidal, but I had my insurance. I can't go back to a shitty hospital which I was in before because it doesn't help one bit and just makes things worse because I end up a zombie and dysfunctional. At least I'm semi functional after this hospitalization, which took united.


I'm lost. And no one can help. I felt useless to begin with. I felt like a spec in the universe and now I know I am. Literally no one in this state can give a rat's ass about me. They want more doctor's notes for things when I don't have insurance. I don't know how to pay for my medications this month. I'm just going to go off the wall anyway, I might as well bite the bullet before I get manic or something and end up with a ton of bills for my family. 


My life is a waste. I'm a waste of time and space.