Not A Good Time At All.It's weird that I'm literally on Reddit every day yet have only posted a few times (due to a massive situation, and if you look at my post history it's actually funny how it played out ultimately; almost everything was dropped and I bought a new car) but even then it wasn't as desperate of a situation as this. This last week has been massively terrible. Like MASSIVELY. I went back to school for the first time in three and a half years and the semester was okay. I don't know what happened, but within the last two weeks I snapped. I work an overnight job full-time and go to school in the mornings, and it became a switch where it went from work to school to home to do homework to work to school, etc. five days a week. I'm already an insomniac since I work nights, but it's always been sort of handled. I would just drink on my nights off and listen to music because that would make me happy and that would inspire me for the other five nights where that weren't an option.

This last week has been bad. It was finals week. I ended up working a schedule where I did the overnight into Mother's Day, came back 6 hours later for the Mother's Day afternoon shift, then 6 hours later had to rush to school to do a final presentation. With all my other finals, I ended up missing my Tuesday one due to oversleeping since it was literally the only time I was able to sleep in three days. Then Wednesday I had another final, which went okay. Wednesday overnight I worked. Thursday morning, I went home to work on a final that had to get done by Friday morning, as well as a paper for an online class due Friday. I had to call out of work Thursday night 40 minutes before my shift even though I'm the supervisor because I literally could not get a twelve hour extension on the programming final, which would have allowed me to sleep. 

Since then, I've been in massive disarray. I got into a massive argument with my manager over logistics and random things that don't even make sense to me which means she's basically just mad I called out. Yet I only did that (third call out in four years) because I quit the last semester in school I took in 2012 and dropped all my classes and this time I needed to do what needed to get done; it was literally call out or fail the course. 

But then I decided to go see my second favorite band (tell by my username what my favorite one is) who headlined Skate and Surf in Asbury Park on Sunday. I ended up zoning out halfway through the show and did not have a good time at all. Even got angry because they decided to play an extra few minutes and they played songs I was happy on a normal day to hear. I was also front and center. 30,000 people were there and I got to the front to see one of my favorite bands with everyone else in attendance behind me. I felt nothing.

Then, because the festival was mainly street parking, I forgot where I parked. I thought I knew Asbury well and never put a tag on where I originally parked. This would be funny in most cases and I would just simply go to the bar until I was drunk enough to go find it without worrying (Gaslight Anthem has a song which ends saying "We could sleep on the beach all night." I would have totally done that and be happy). But for some reason I had a panic attack. Ran two and a half miles, or 18 blocks, to which you'll see in a sentence why someone was extremely shocked that even happened. I started walking in the wrong direction, and thankfully an officer went into a pizza shop and, though sweaty and shaking and having the worst panic attack of my life, drove me around until we found it. Now I'm here, 8 hours later, not feeling any better. 

Don't know what the point of this post was. I got diagnosed with depression over three years ago when I dropped out of school, but it wasn't as bad as this. It's been a bad few weeks and I've usually always been able to handle it, but recently, um...no. What hurts me the most is that I saw one of my favorite bands who has been a band countless times that made me feel good, or even better than my current situation. I was 10 feet away from them and even that couldn't work this time.