If I don't find a real job within the next month, I'm in troublePretty much what the title says.

The sad thing is, I'm "recovered" in that my last suicide attempt was about 7 years ago.  I've still struggled with depression, but haven't attempted again and stopped self-harming as well.

I'm relapsing really hard.  I'm back to using suicidal thoughts as a crutch ("Today's a bad day, but oh well I can always kill myself" &lt;-- that sort of thing).  I also have been hitting and burning myself when I can't keep my emotions in check.

This past year everything just fell apart.  I graduated with my Master's degree, but went through 5 months of unemployment.  I decided to join volunteer service just to keep things afloat until I find something.

I was rejected from PhD programs, had my relationship of 3 years blow up and end recently, and haven't even been able to get hired in retail jobs.  I moved across the country to join the volunteer service.  This new area is pretty harsh.  I haven't been able to make any close friends.  My parents also pulled all of their emotional and financial support of me, basically they are out of my life.

So I have no family, no friends within a thousand miles.  No car because it broke down.  And I'll most likely be homeless in 2 months after my service term through AmeriCorps is up.

A little over a year ago, I was in graduate school with a bright future ahead of me, in love, with a fantastic support system.  I feel completely abandoned and jaded now.  I'm isolated.  My self-confidence is shot.  Even at work now (the volunteering through AmeriCorps), I'm starting to fuck up because I'm so depressed that it's hard to get out of bed and muster up the energy to do things.

I've tried to get work through my AmeriCorps site, but what I keep hearing is that there are no positions, that the economy is really bad for non-profits, and an annoying disbelief that I don't already have something lined up for myself.

I've been trying for 10 months to find another job.  5 months of unemployment before that.  I've sent out hundreds of applications.  Gathered hundreds of connections via LinkedIn and through my volunteer service.  I've kept in touch with professors to let them know that I'm still looking for work.  I'm still in this.  I'm still on food stamps.  And I'm so tired of people acting like I must not have been doing anything and that's why I'm in this mess.  When I suggested re-upping for another year of service, I even had a co-worker say "Why don't you just get a real job?"  What the *fuck* do you think I've been doing with my "free" time?

I'm just so exhausted and lonely.  I don't see the point anymore.  I don't see the point in all of the work and energy I've put into my academics and work so far considering that's it's just led me to this.  I don't have anyone to turn to.

I even tried reaching out to my old therapist, and she keeps apologizing for not having the time and suggests that I go back on anti-depressants and find a new therapist out here.  I keep telling her back over and over again that I can't afford it.  I can't even afford to fix my broken tooth or pay my medical bills on the AmeriCorps stipend.  Even adding another $20 into my budget would break the bank.

I've started making plans, thinking that I'll just use my credit cards and say fuck it all.  Take an expensive trip somewhere I've always wanted to go and then afterwards throw myself off a bridge.  Beats being a homeless failure.