I will get sick and vomit. Many suicidal thoughts for 5 years but haven't pulled throughI have lied to my therapist and everyone around me for years. I still want to kill myself. I think about it every single day, at least onqce. I have tried 3 different therapists, I refuse any big pharma happy pills and psychoactive legal drugs (aka medication), I'll throw it in the garbage before anyone gives me any, and to be honest don't think i need any but I still want to kill myself.

Every winter. I want to die. The norovirus will infect me and make me vomit, it is my biggest fear. Every fall i want to kill myself. I hate college, i hate the people around me. I want so desperately to just scream the most offensive shit at them at the top of my lungs but never have. I dont feel anything. In the summer im afraid of the flies, because the flies are going to infect me and give me vomit disease. I dont want to vomit.  I obsessively read people's stories about vomiting and want to strangle and torture THEM for it for some reason. Then i have a panic attack about vomiting. And then i have another panic attack about thinking evil violent thoughts. I think "i must kill myself to prevent me doing something evil. I dont want to be some evil piece of shit who does crime or drugs or hurts people"

I hate the spring because finals are coming up.
I wash my hands so much that they wont stop bleeding.

I pretend the therapy works. But people are realizing my charade . I tried headspace and meditation and mindfulness but it doesnt help me at all unless im doing it every second of the day. 

I want to end it FOR REAL. I'm sick of thinking about it. Ive thought about it for 5 years now. I cant do it anymore. I will get sick and vomit before I die if i do not die now. I must rid the world of me before i become evil. 5 years of therapy. It DOESNT WORK. Not for me. I am going to do something to push it over the edge. I am going to start scaring all my friends away. Then, i am going to stop sleeping. Every night i am going to blindfold myself and listen to sounds of vomit and music that scares me. I tried it last night and it fucking destroyed me. I need to keep doing it. It works. Free yourself. Fuck. Why am i even typing this. Go aaywa