Ugly On The InsideHey everyone,

I am writing this because im at a point where im stuck in a constant loop of regret and bad decision making.

I hurt someone i really care about. Not once, not twice, but so many many many many times over the last 2 years. I have caused them so much emotional pain and misery, and quite possibly scarred them mentally for life.

I dont deserve to live anymore. Ive always had suicidal thoughts, and attempted quite a few times (although 3-4 times is when i intended to carry out but failed due to stupid mistakes). I really love this person, but i hurt them a lot. I cant keep doing this. I keep regretting every decision i made and it affects me negativity to the point of making another mistake and hurting them. Then, back to regret and so on. Its the shitty cycle of regret and bad coping.

I want to go through with killing myself tomorrow, away from friend and family. I cant do this anymore. This guilt is eating my alive and is making me more horrible and ugly on the inside. I wish i can turn back time and fix everything, but thats the wish we all want, isnt it. 

I hurt the love of my life. I hurt my family. I hurt my friends and stopped talking to them. I am done with hurting people. I cry almost everyday and its getting harder to breath. Im old enough to know whats right and whats wrong, but i am too stupid to realize it. I act like a baby and rely on people too much. I cant handle one single responsibility to any group project members or family.

To you im just another person whos writing here to vent or to just say a few last words knowing theyre heard before they go away for good. Thats completely fine and thats exactly what i expect.

I am really sorry to have put all the people in my life through this, especially the love my life which saw truly the ugliest sides of me. I put them in so much emotional trauma, i think theyre the strongest person i ever met.

Im done hurting, and i have to leave this world for the betterment of the people in my life.

Thank you for reading this far, goodbye.