I'm lazy. I'd rather kill myself than do any sort of work.I only like the fun parts of things. I don't like any of the work. 

"Nobody likes the work, but everyone does it." Which is why I want to die. Because I can't do the work. 

Just keeping a house clean is impossible for me. Something about doing laundry makes my insides scream. I feel dehumanized by it. It embarrasses me. And I can never keep up. No matter how much work I do today, I'll still have to do more tomorrow. 

I can't keep a job and be financially independent. Last time I had a real job, I had to quit because I realized real jobs don't get summer vacations and I burned out so fast. 

Now I have a fake job and even this sometimes overwhelms me. It's barely enough work to call it a job. I sit by a door and buzz people in. There's no screening process; the buzz-in system is just to deter people who want to wander around. When there's someone at the door, I buzz them in. Maybe one person every hour comes to the door. I work 10 hours a week and I feel like this is too much work for me. 

I like to stay in bed all day, drink wine, eat take out, and watch funny TV shows. I wish I could work on a funny tv show but I don't have the work ethic. 

After years of being underweight, I went from being one pound underweight to one pound overweight in the past 4 months. That's 10 pounds a month I gained. The idea of eating better and prepping my meals sounds just as humiliating as doing laundry; again and again, the same work every few days, never being caught up. 

My therapists and doctors don't know what to do. Meds help, and then they stop helping. They don't help long term because it's not something wrong with my chemistry, it's just something wrong with me and I'm stupid and vulnerable to the placebo effect. Therapy doesn't help because I can't bring myself to try anything. Everything is work. Everything is a grind and I just don't have it in me. 

I don't want to die. There's so much fun I want to have. But I've been looking for years for the magic words that will help me not feel so crushed by the perpetuity of responsibility and they just don't exist. I'm not a good person. I lack work ethic. I'm easily overwhelmed. I'm lazy. I'm spoiled. I'm a taker. I can't do it. 