My life was already tumultuous and I've failed so many times at finding stability but now I think im at the end and have given it all I can.I'm not perfect. I've made many mistakes in my life, many decisions that could have potentially leas to success. Maybe. I don't know. but I've also tried. I've tried many times, maybe not hard enough, but I've tried to at least meet a measurable, stable amount of success. 


But now, I think it's time I give up. I contracted covid in march and lost my job. A good job. Though not ideal, it was decent money and helped me replace my malfunctioning car and get a decent apartment with my girlfriend. But then I contracted covid in march, lost my job, and haven't been able to find employment since. I've sent out over 250 applications and I haven't even had so much as an interview yet. Worse, I can't do manual labor anymore because of lung damage caused by covid, so that eliminates low skill jobs as well. 


I lose my apartment at the end of October. I can't afford my car anymore. And we have no family members to fall back on in our time of need. I can't handle this life anymore. It's a revolving door of suffering, planning, obtaining mild amounts of success, then something always happens and I'm back to square one again. I can't take it anymore. I'm 30 years old now and this has been my life for 12 years now. 


I have my method planned out: backpack full of bricks, padlocked backpack straps to my chest, off the bridge into the Hudson river I go. I am an abject failure at whatever we call "life" in these modern times. I'm not good at anything. I don't know what akyills I might have. I don't have any interests, professional or otherwise, worth pursuing. So I think I'm just done. 


I'm sorry for the rant. I know everyone here has problems. I've left thousands of details out that might have helped you strangers understand where I'm coming from. But thank you for reading regardless. 

I'll keep trying until our lease is up here at the end of October. I refuse to be homeless and jobless and a leech on society. But most of all, I don't want to hold back my girlfriend any longer than I already have.