I am defective. I fail at life.I posted here a little over a month ago. Here I am again. Not much has changed, but maybe I can explain myself better.

I am 32 years old. About a decade ago, I was diagnosed/labelled with Schizoid Personality Disorder. I feel like I have the similar Avoidant Personality Disorder. They are being combined in the next DSM, but there is a difference. SPD is pathological introversion and AvPD is pathological shyness. I am very introverted, but when I do want companionship, my absolute terror of being rejected prevents me.

I went to college straight after HS. I dropped out after one year. Since then, I've mostly been unemployed. When I have worked, it's been low paying temp work. I am unemployed now. My fear of rejection makes it hard for me to apply for jobs.

Calling people on the phone is my personal hell.  For some unknown reason, I was unable to apply for unemployment benefits online as I had before. After a month and a half, I did call. While the system says they have processed my claim, the debit card with my benefits has not arrived. It's been almost two weeks. I am going to have to call them again and am dreading it. My bank account is in the negative and I have no money to pay the bills.

I have lived in my own place two or three times, but always needed help financially. I have never had my driver's license or a car. I have never been self supporting. I've bounced from one relative to another. I am a moocher, a leech. I currently live with my mom and her boyfriend.

I have never had any close friends. Most of my  life I didn't know how to make them. I never really made an effort to keep any because of my introversion/shyness. I have lots of acquaintances from my last job. They seem to like me well enough, but we have hardly any common interests/activities. For example, I was once sitting with 6-7 coworkers and I mentioned a book I had just read. One of my coworkers replied that I had probably read more books than the rest of the table combined. 

I have never kissed a girl, let alone been in love or had sex. The last time I asked out a girl, I was 18 and it was for senior prom. She said no, obviously. I masturbate and watch porn. I have a regular sex drive.  I really want to get laid, but sex scares me too. 

I've tried lots of things over the years. Nothing's worked. I've been to individual and group therapy. I've been on anti-depressants. I've tried self-help books. I've tried meetups and dating sites. I am 5'11", 155 lbs. I have a baby face. I am not ugly and am able bodied.  I was in the honors courses in school. I have no excuses. 

My brain is broken. I could probably benefit from a therapist, but I can't afford it. I've wasted about 40% of my life expectancy. I can't afford to waste more. I need to get better fast. I am not sure I want to get better anymore.

I don't want to hurt my family: my mom, my dad, my brother, my sister, their SOs, their children. But would their pain at my loss be worse than the pain I currently feel? I don't have a life, I merely exist. If a life of dependency, celibacy and loneliness is all I can get, then fuck it all, I'm done.



