Last chances.I have been putting off death for more than a year.

I've been struggling with a particularly black depression since about June 2014, with no options for support or treatment despite every effort. Oh, there are ways, but they're as life-destroying as doing nothing. No option there unless I luck out and stumble on someone who can take me on and treat me in a way that doesn't render me worthless. Long story, too complicated.

Last year, August (well, July really, but it didn't really come to the front until August) I realised it was over. There's nothing more to do. I decided it would be over on Dec 23 or thereabouts. I made a plan, the whole thing made everything so much easier to deal with. In the end I actually pushed it back, decided New Year would be better.

Fuck it if life didn't toss me a thing that made me reschedule. But reschedule I did, and the new schedule actually seemed better - international business trip, plenty of scope for an "accident" that would ensure my family was taken care of. And the impact of me going away and not coming back might be easier, I thought.

Well, fuck it if a colleague didn't suddenly join and he wouldn't give me any space for the whole week. How could I do it without the time to get myself together?

So reschedule again to this August, so that things I was obligated to could be put out of the way for the sake of my conscience, but ironically I just couldn't get up the oomph to do it. One reason was the anticipation of a special event for my son that I thought I wanted to see before I went. I don't know, I guess I wanted to be in the pictures.

Now I regret everything. I regret not doing it when I first decided. I regret making such shitty plans that I couldn't even kill myself. I regret decisions I made years ago that led me here. I regret that time in 1989 when I was such a fuck up I failed an actual attempt. I regret being such a mess I could even think something like that when I have family depending on me.

I'm a worthless waste of air, but I obsess about how my sudden disappearance would cause things to grind to a halt. How fucking shameful is that? How disgusting is that ego? And how undeserved. Everything will stumble on regardless.

All I need is the will and the plan and the opportunity.

Last year I swore I wouldn't see 2016 unless it all changed. Nothing changed, but the prison got smarter. 
Well fuck it. I'm not sure I care about the obligations that have kept me alive and suffering through these years anymore.
No one cares anyway.
