Suicide PlanOn a throwaway account cause I can’t find it in myself to post on my main acc. Probably the only time I’ll post here anyway.

I could write a whole books worth of stuff here but there’s really not anytime to explain. 

I’ve set certain intervals of time for when I will more than likely end up attempting suicide, and Im planning it out day by day. I’m giving myself 3 years to see any kind of change and if not then I’m pretty sure I’ll kick the bucket.

I can’t explain what I feel, my life isn’t inherently bad, I’m in good health, but mentally I just can’t find anything good in myself. I beat myself down constantly, and no one in the world cares at all.

Im saying all this on here now cause I refuse to open up to anyone. I no longer expect anything good or bad to happen, I just go through motions. I don’t tell anyone how I feel, I hold in everything because I hate appearing weak even though I am

I’m trying so hard to be a “man” and I try so hard to be stoic and void my feelings and it just eats at my soul. None of my friends give a shit about me, and I don’t know anyone irl, I know one girl but every time I tried to talk to her she gave me the same advice I always hear “I understand” or “It’ll get better” which basically just means nothing. She has a boyfriend but sometimes I take her out just to have some kind of meaningful interaction with someone but she’s normally on her phone and Im a blabbering idiot with nothing to offer.

I just wish instead of “I understand” someone would just for would instead just try and lend a hand, meet me, talk with me, ask me about my day, but nope. 

This where suicide becomes so tantalizing to me because this world is so disconnected and shit and I’m caught in the middle of it and no one would care if I left it. People will never say anything to your face but the moment you die they’ll go on about “oh he was such a great guy” just to be sycophants and post about it on their social media to look like a good person. I’m invisible to everyone but that’s the price we pay for existing. 

I really want it to get better, I have will somewhere in me, I just have no light to follow. 

I really hope it doesn’t come to taking myself out but it very well might. 