AgainI need to unload for a minute. 

I'm failing. I'm not as depressed as I was last week. Last week I begged for my life to end. I couldn't do it anymore. I have young kids, 50k left on my mortgage, and a batshit crazy best friend that I dont even like but wont get rid of because they're the only friend I have. 

My extensive history of abuse has given me ptsd, which I can't see my therapist for anymore. My husband is against me taking medication. I'm trying but I'm just so fucking tired. I'm miserable and making my family miserable and I dont know how to be happy. 

I hate how lame this all sounds I swear I dont normally talk like this. I'm always the bright side of things person but I just cant see a bright side. I'm drowning. I'm buried and clawing my way out..again and again and again but I still dont know what for. I love my kids, they love me but I fail them every day. I love my husband and he loves me but he's unsatisfied because I'm in a shell. I feel so alone and at the end of my rope. 

I'm angry. I'm angry that my own family stood with my abuser. I'm angry I wasnt strong enough to do things on my own and accepted their help. I'm angry I was told not to talk about it. I'm angry. I'm angry that it wasnt even just one abuser. My whole life was sexual abuse and where was anyone? And now they tell me I imagined it. You dont just fucking imagine that. Did i also imagine having to lie to the police because you didnt want your reputation tarnished? I'm angry that sometimes I wonder if I DID imagine it.

I'm sad. I'm sad that my life is still going no where. I'm sad that at 33 years old I still cant get out of bed some days. I'm sad that people say happiness is a mindset but my mind is just recurrent images and my heart is broken.  I'm sad I cant be a functioning adult. I want to be normal and take showers and brush my hair and take care of my teeth and keep a fucking job. I'm sad that i tried to beat this and I still cant. I'm sad for 7 year old me that tried to kill myself at school. I'm sad for the little girl who had to tell the teacher.

I don't want this existence. But then I think of my children and how they would cry and I try to fake being okay. I dont know if I can keep faking, I'm doing a shit job of it anyway. When will it get better? We work and work and work and work and I'm still late on our electric bill. I'm out of fuel to heat our house, I need new tires and have no idea how we will pay our mortgage, our anything. I need a break. I cant do it anymore. I dont want to. The only glimmer of hope I have is that today I feel angry which is better than not feeling anything at all. 

I need help. And I need to stop the sob story but not saying it out loud doesnt change the fact that this is my life. No matter how hard I try and fix it it will always be my life and I just need to suck it up.

I'm sorry. I know it probably sounds like defeatist ramblings and it is. If you did read it I'm sorry. I had no where else to go. Maybe I'll be better tomorrow. I don't think I'll commit suicide or even attempt to again but i know me and well, to be honest I was scared of how I was feeling because I've been here before and know how it ended last time. Thanks for reading.