I'm just so sleepy.Im a 17 year old boy who's bisexual and homeschooled. Everything sucks. I'm behind in school. (I'm starting to get better at doing school but it's so hard) I have friends but feel so alone. I can't tell anyone about my sexuality because the only social interactions I have are at a southern Baptist church. The only friend outside of that I have is hard line Christian. My dad is the pastor at my church. So I can't even be myself. I don't want to be bisexual. I hate it. All I hear is about my desires being sinful and how God is so loving yet doesn't want me to sleep with a man or outside of marriage. I don't believe in God and I can't tell my parents cause it would crush them. They would be devastated. I can't trust my friends to not rat me out to my parents. I just don't want to live here (bible belt). I don't feel like I can be myself. I'm expected to be some masculine man who wears the pants in the relationship. I just want to be the submissive one. Life suck. I can't find a significant other because any I do find my parents won't approve of. (Probably will be female because I'm not romantically attracted to men. At least I don't think so yet)  I find myself not even uttering bisexual because I'm afraid someone will hear me say it. I hate life. Why couldn't I be born somewhere better ? Far away from this shithole. Can't trust anyone. Can't be myself. I barely have the motivation to get up and do school. I don't want to have to work in the future. I'll most likely have to go to a Christian university so that's not a option to make friends I can trust. The years I should be spending discovering my sexuality and life and everything else in more detail are spent wasted away in a religious shithole. I don't want to live but I'm afraid of death. But maybe I should just end it cause I'll die anyways. I hate this place. I hate life. Maybe it isn't cut out for me. I'm afraid of death but maybe I should just end it. Make it look like a accident so no one will be disappointed in me. I know they'd be sad but they'd feel better eventually. My grandmother died and my dad got better eventually. Maybe if I make it look like a accident they can still have a somewhat perfect image of what they wanted me to be. I mean after all if I'm useless the most I can do is let them have positive thoughts about me. I can't say least give them that. 