My suicide story, for those that would care to see the ends to the means.About five years ago, I was in high school and the love of my life threw away my dreams with her. She was one of my closest friends in a trio of friendship between me, her and my best friend, Jack(alias). My mind went into an inner frenzy that I've never been able to explain to anyone that I did not understand. The gears broke, some cracked and some fell apart. Suddenly though, after all of this, I realized that I as a person, as an individual was broken.

After a few days, silence in class, a few stares. I melted into myself. I couldn't think or eat. I couldn't do my work. My eyes dilated and I could feel my heart beat faster and faster. Days went by until finally I was laying in bed one night to something odd.

Everything, and I mean, everything. Stopped. Time. Feeling. Emotion. Hate. Angst. Fear. Doubt. Everything, stopped. I sat floating in my bed looking around with a clear head wondering what had happened.

The pain stopped, the worry stopped, my care for anything needed or not, stopped. This was not an epiphany, this was not a sudden realization of how important my life was and to put the knives down. This was someone's mind going "enough" and stopping it by itself before it got worse. My eyes went half-closed, my smile dropped to a flat-line. For the first time in my life, I felt invincible, immune from pain or suffering. The only downside of this was that I felt nothing for anything.

I've had to rebuild my personality from the ground up. I fell in love with my now current wife two years after the incident and the first thing she said when she saw me was "You look cold.". I felt cold, I felt empty. I didn't feel anything. I had to learn to dream again, I had to learn to feel again, to cry again and care again for people. The odd thing is that even then I was a very extroverted person. I always had a facade of good times around everyone I met. She saw through it in an instant.

With her help I've become a better person, discovered atheism and began to see the beauty of the universe. Would this of happened without her? Possibly, I felt no pain. I had no reason to commit suicide but I want people to know that everyone's mind is different but that the human mind is an amazing, brilliant thing and without it, you may lose yours. Stay strong no matter who hurts you. Stay alive, your thoughts and your mind will find a way even if it feels as if all hope is lost. I'm a better person because of it and hopefully you will be as well.