I'm lonely and unsure how to fix it.
This kind of turned into a rant... 

I am lonely. Since early high school I have found it near impossible to make friends. I escaped from this problem by not thinking ever; playing video-games all night and sleeping through school (literally, my parents even got me a cool pillow that fit in my pocket). After an existential crisis I deleted all the games from my computer and set out to conquer my shyness. It worked. I am no longer shy. However, shyness was not the problem. I simply have no idea how to interact with people. I took the same approach towards solving this problem as I did every other problem I've ever had. I looked it up on the internet. Unfortunately, I was unable to find much useful data online as almost all information was about how to make girls magically attracted to me without exercise in only 3 easy steps 100% of the time. I could not find any databases of conversations showing how to pick up friends, which would be much more useful to me than casual sex. 

I'm a junior in college now. I just got out of a two year co-dependent relationship. I have no idea how to establish emotional intimacy outside of a romantic relationship. I can maintain small talk for a decent period of time and do not come across as awkward as I imagine this post sounds, as I do not usually communicate directly from my thoughts. 

I have acquaintances with whom I get drunk and hang out occasionally, one really caring close friend who saw me crying and has been looking after me, and one close friend who used to be in love with my and I fear still is, making it irresponsible of me to seek his support. I spend most of my days trying to distract myself with logic puzzles, music, alcohol, or drugs. I hang out with people I know don't like me (they don't dislike me, they are nice people, they are just indifferent) because sitting in my room alone is depressing. 

I'm failing out of school because I have no motivation. I don't see why having a piece of paper that allows me to get a job I don't want will make me happy. Counseling has been utterly useless. When I tell her my problems she tells me I'm depressed and that I should take drugs that barely outperform placebo and arguably do not due to a bias in which studies are reported and the use of inert placebos. By this Friday I must decide whether I have the energy to pass my finals, as Friday is the last day I can take medical leave. 

I don't have much hope for the future. I have no idea how to make friends and am very lonely. I'm beginning to believe that perhaps it is not a lack of skills but an unchangeable part of my personality that keeps me isolated. 

How does one make friends? I have asked this question to people before an always get answers involving things I do not understand how to do. Just go talk to people. How? Join a club. I did, I did the club activities, the people there were not so incredibly impressed with my ability to listen to them talk that they invited me into their social circle. 

I am interested in math, technology, climbing things, mixed martial arts, building things, and can find just about anything interesting. It's not hard for an activity to compete with sitting in my room crying :p. 

I have always been exceptionally good at math. My perfect math scores and math team performance were most certainly the reason I was able to get into a good university despite putting almost no effort into my classes in high school, and my ability to get As in my math classes here without doing any homework and studying for a few hours before tests is the only reason I have not yet failed out. I feel like I might be happy with my life if I could somehow use this gift to benefit people who are suffering. When I try to think of a situation that would make me happy, being in a position where I help many people and I am irreplaceable seems to be the only one where I can justify my existence.

I feel emotionally immature for my age. I'm not ready to graduate and take on life. I want to curl up in a ball and cry. I'm lonely. I wish I had friends. 

I'm not exactly sure why I'm posting this, but it feels good to do so. If anyone has been in a similar position and learned how to interact with other people I would appreciate some advice. If you feel like you need to know more about me to offer advice, please ask. If you would be willing to help me via chat I would appreciate that too.

