Head is spinning and I dont know what to do anymore.This past year has been so up and down for me. Ive dealt with depression my whole life but this past year has been the worst.

As it stands a year ago Im in a better spot than I was in. I just got my own place a little over a month ago and have my own car. I just feel inadequit and like im some horrible person.

My severe depression started when my ex left me. She whent back to her ex and left me with an apartment I couldnt keep, so I had to move back home from college. I ended up quitting school because I just couldnt focus. I literally couldnt sleep for days and I couldnt focus so I left before I failed out so I could go back. I lost all my friends because they chose her side and they didnt want to deal with a crazy me.

I started working two fulltime jobs to keep myself busy and did it for about three months untill I exhausted myself and quit one of my jobs.

I ended up going back to school full time because having one job just wasnt enough for me, I started feeling like I wasnt doing anything since I had no friends.

Turns out I wasnt ready for a full load yet. Im currently sitting at two Cs and a D and I had to drop a class because I was failing it.

I quit my job because I got to stressed out with an eratic schedule and not making enoughe money.

I drink and smoke myself to sleep everynight till I pass out because I cant deal with the thoughts.

I hate this! The only time I ever felt truly happy was with my ex and now it just makes me feel like im a failure, like im worthless, like I did something horrible to deserve this.

I feel inadequate because im 24 and only had sex with two women that have just used me for their own gains. Is this all Im ever worth? Ive been on dates, Ive met and talked to women, Ive gotten girls numbers, but it never works out. Im still alone, Its been a year since I lost my ex and all my friends and I still want them back, even after the betrayals and everything, I miss my old life.

Even though Im better off then I was back then, my emotions still drag me down.

My mom and my sister think im crazy. Me and my sister cant even talk anymore and my mom thinks I need serious help and she keeps telling me that this is all my fault and that I have been doing this to myself. But thaats all she ever says nothing new.

I have a real problem with cutting peolle out of my life too when im emotionally hhurt by them causing me to be more lonely. But noone ever tries to make ammends with me, im just this horrible person that does horrible things and no one will ever love me but my family.

I want it to end, I want to be happy, but everything that Ive tried hasnt brought back that feeling of happyness I had when I was with her and my old friends.

The only person that would miss ne is my mom and sshe will be devestated when I die, and thats been stopping me for the past year, but now it just seems like Im living just so she wont be hurt. I cant do it anymore.

Some days are good but then I hit this wall when I wake up and just dont want to be in the world anymore. It sucks, but why am I going to keep doing this if nothing makes me feel better, if I keep failing at everything and just keeo ruining my life making mistakes?

I dont even have hope for my dream career anymore. I dont see it happening as I used too and without that I dont want to live in this world anymore. All my old hobbies dont keep me distracted, not even work will. 

Its just been a year of thinking of what all Ive lost and how much I miss it. I dont know how to keep moving, Ive lost my ambition and drive, ive lost my motivation that I once held on too. And I dont know how to get it back.

I just want to disapear and not feel anymore, no more pain and dissapointment sounds great.