Parents have screwed me. Lots of issues. And I don’t know what to do.This is going to be a long vent. I’m 18 almost 19, and I’ve been extremely depressed. And I’ve been having suicidal thoughts. And there is just a lot I need to get off my chest.

There is a lot of emotional abuse my parents have put me through. My dad cheated on my mom many times, threatened to leave, and was hardly there. The was a lot of verbal abuse from both of my parents. I remember when I was young, my mom told me it is all my fault that she is sick and other stuff like that (she has chronic illnesses). My dad has threatened to beat me. They’ve done questionably sexual things in front of me. Which jacked up my mind and caused me to do some stupid mistakes as a hormonal teenager. I also remember my mom sexually touching me a few times when I was younger. And I didn’t understand at the time, but it fucked me up. And it is probably also part of what caused me to do the stupid stuff I did as a teenager. I don’t know if she was on her meds or what when these things happened. But when I talked to her about it, she says that it never happened, and that she would never do that and yada yada.

On top of all this, I was homeschooled and socially isolated all throughout my teenage years. Therefore, I have no social skills, and I don’t know how to make friends or talk to people. And I’m extremely lonely. 

They’ve also made me work for them from a young age. From the age of 11 or 12, I would help do construction type work or work on cars etc. and now at the age of 18 almost 19, my knees are jacked up and my health is deteriorating, and overall I just feel like an old person. 

Speaking on health, they’ve also never taken it seriously. I haven’t been to the dentist in over ten years because they didn’t take me to even get them cleaned all this time. And now I have a mouth full of crooked teeth and cavities, and I need to find out how to fix them since I’m 18. 

I’ve also noticed some symptoms building up and I’m getting worried. Ever since a young age, I’ve had a swollen lymph node behind my ear. I’m starting to have difficulty swallowing. I’ve noticed that I have double vision. One side of my face is dropping as well.

This has me worried because I have a family history of Muscular Dystrophy, Autoimmune Diseases, Arthritis etc. my mom has multiple chronic illnesses including Myasthenia Gravis. My Grandpa Died from ALS. My uncle has fibromyalgia. My grandma died from cancer.

I just all around have horrible genetics. And I’m worried that there is something wrong with me as well. And I can’t get checked or anything because I just simply can’t afford it.

There is also mental issues I’m dealing with that I can’t afford to get checked yet. I’m sure I have ADHD, obvious depression and anxiety. And who know what else.

Everything just feels hopeless. I don’t know what to do. And I just can’t take it. I feel like I’m cursed to live a life of pain. And I honestly just want to end it all. I really just want to die.