Totally crippling anxiety and incompetenceFor someone of supposedly normal intelligence, I have an incredible combination of no common sense, severe anxiety, and incompetence.

Very long story but after a lot of ups and downs I find myself in my 40s, with no money, a huge resume gap, and no ability to pay the bills.  I spent a decade accumulating and then losing a large amount of money with options trading and have nothing to show for it.

I recently took a job that pays (almost) enough for me to support myself, but I would continue slipping farther into credit card debt.  The problem is I cannot possibly make it even another week.  Every minute in the day has to be accounted for in a spreadsheet in order to get paid.  No matter how hard I try I cannot keep up to date.  Someone will come in my office and I'll forget to track for a while.  It's a supported employment job, where you try to find work for people and then help train them to maintain employment.  I thought it would be the answer to my problems, mainly that I feel I've had all the advantages in life and squandered them and contributed nothing to society.  I haven't been there a month and I've already discovered there's no way to make it.  I love the clients themselves but I simply cannot keep on track with the administrative part.  Hundreds of forms, the time sheets, everything.  Having to account for every second of your day in detail.  Other people can do it, I cannot.  I cannot imagine any kind of job I can do.  Maybe a toll booth collector (I know those have mostly been automated) or something similar, although that would probably require 70-80 hours a week.

&amp;#x200B;

It's a mystery to me.  I am completely incompetent and unable to deal with stress, administrative tasks and heavy technology use.  I am on the brink of losing this job, it's not a question of effort or wanting to help the clients.  I literally cannot do it.  When that happens, as I haven't been there long enough to collect unemployment, I'll either be homeless or looking for family to live with.  I'm sure this sounds whiny and self-absorbed, and it is.  Just so disgusted and hopeless now.  I want out of this world so badly.