I'm ConfusedSo I've been reading through a few posts, and a lot of them seem quite short. I'm sorry for making this quite long, it's the author's way I guess.

Anyway, let me just start by saying this. I'm... Very new to this. If there are ANY mistakes, I am so so sorry. If you don't understand or have questions, please ask them in the comments. I will answer all of them if possible.

I am a 16-year-old male, I live in a rural town in a European country. I never see anyone but my family, whom I don't have the best relationship with, my siblings being an exception. Basically, I'm alone a lot. I don't have any friends but one in this entire country, and to top it off, that person is an hour's journey away.

So, of course, I'm constantly lonely, and there are a few times where I truly feel like I don't have any kind of purpose. As my parents are pressuring me with this a lot, I've tried to find some purpose by spending an hour a day to write a book. While this does help a lot, I also feel that it isn't enough and that I am simply wasting my time. My psychiatrist recommends that I try to relax, while the political system tells me that I should get off my, sorry for the flattering words, ass.

I'm constantly bombarded with thoughts of starting a project or something, but I'm suddenly demotivated and I can't find out why. The only reason I was even able to start writing, was because of my now-girlfriend. She supported me for months, and it honestly helped a lot. I was able to do something instead of lay in bed all day. But that isn't enough. I need a job.

I can't go back to school because I have constant fear and anxiety about it. I was bullied, I was under pressure because of the upcoming exams, I was forced into being overly social, and as someone on the Autism spectrum, that was way way way too much for me to handle.

About two thirds into the most important school year in my country, I collapsed. I was unable to work anymore. For the past year, I had been publishing art on an almost daily basis, while also focusing on exams. I was working all-day basically. My body simply couldn't take it. I felt, and I still feel that my work on everything that I did was insufficient. I would spend days or weeks or even months on a project, only to scrap it.

To **summarize**: Here I am now. Stuck in this forsaken house every day. I'm constantly arguing with my parents. I need to get a job, but I'm diagnosed with stress, depression, and anxiety, so I have no motivation for it. Everyone is telling me that I should either find a job or try to relax.

I'm being threatened that I may be removed from my parents as some outside viewers may see them as incompetent. While I do argue with them a lot, they do a fantastic job, no doubt about it. It would definitely just make it worse to remove me from here.

I feel incredibly lucky to be able to sit at home doing nothing, but I also feel incredibly useless. I don't want to be here. I want to work on something. It's impossible for me to move forward. I'm stuck in a loop.

Honestly, I do have dreams as anyone has, but I doubt they will ever become reality. I would love for my book to sell so I could visit my girlfriend more and move out. I can't keep ripping this relationship with my parents to pieces.

Again, if you're confused about any of this or feel that I am simply complaining, I would love a chance to explain myself in more detail. I know I sound like someone useless. That's clearly what everyone in my life thinks. So please, ask in the comments and if you have any related stories, feel free to share them. I would love to read them. Oh, and advice would also be much appreciated. The fact that I've been in this position for about 6 months now is making me increasingly desperate, just like my family. Please help me if you can. Thank you. &lt;3