I feel like the whole world is against meHi. I am from India and from a Hindu family. Everything went downhill since the day my parents found out that I converted to atheism and later converted to Islam. I had to go through a lot of trouble for a long while now. I have grown up my entire life worshipping idols and pointlessly wasting my time because my parents forced me to it. My parents are very religious and spend a lot of time worshipping.

My parents have taken me for exorcism once they found out I converted to Islam. They always gave me this disgusted look when I walked around the house. They also forbade me from entering the kitchen since it is impure. They constantly harass me for my beliefs and they always try to insult me. They call me names all the time like Mullah, towel head and so on.

But this is not only restricted to my family. My relatives, distant relatives, my friends, my siblings and everyone knows very well about me being a Muslim. I am sure of it. They don't talk about me being a Muslim (my friends do) and they always hint towards me being a Muslim and treat me very badly. My uncles and aunts keep my cousins away from me. I was shocked to find out when my little  cousin came to me and said that his parents said that I was haunted by demons and other things.

My friends have been very vocal about me being a Muslim. They are under the constant fear of me being a brainwashed terrorist. A lot of the classmates also bully me and call me pedophile, rapist, follower of people that killed "our ancestors" and so on. 

I have seen a lot of videos recently on twitter where Hindus were lynch mobbing religious minorities and forcing them to say a lot of things. I have also tried to get involved in Ex Hindu communities. But they are extremely xenophobic and met me with a lot of hostility for trying to be with them. They call me barbaric, backwards cruel and a lot of other curses. 

At this point, I dont even care anymore. I want all this to end. That would be much more easier than having to bare with this crap. It would be so much easier if I was killed a painless death instead of waiting and being killed in a slow painful death by my close ones.