I was blamed for being the reasonI recently “decided” to break up with my girlfriend. It happens to be when she is at her all time low. Because of this she constantly accused me for being the reason she feels like killing herself. I wanted to explain the situation here to see what you guys think is the right thing to do.

Background:
My girlfriend (or ex-girlfriend now) and I are both 18 right now. We met last September in 2019 and became close by the end of the month. In October I went through a lot of physical and mental pain. She was there for me for all of it. She sacrificed time with her friends so she can be there for me and help me. We then started dating in November and went thought our honeymoon phase until something happened in December. In December we sent each other what every teenager sends each other on Snapchat (I think you know what I am talking about). Her parents found out and they were extremely mad at her. She has emotional trauma to this day because of it. That was my time to be there for her but I had a bunch of my own problems to handle so I didn’t think to consider hers as deeply as she might’ve wanted.  But she, however, still sacrificed her time and energy even though she had her own deep problems at the time. I don’t know if that was a good decision that she made for herself. She sacrificed so much to try and support me when she couldn’t even support herself. So I don’t know if she made the right decision by choosing to support me to that level. After that I started being there for her in the ways I could cuz she deserved a lot more. As time passed none of our problems got any better and, in fact, they got much much worse. It came to a point where she started self harming and I starting not sleeping and had my own pretty bad mental health issues. At that time I didn’t know how to help myself and I didn’t know how to help her either. I didn’t know who to help first. I ended up choosing to help myself and helping her in the ways I could at the same time. Again, I don’t know if this was the right or wrong decision. This is when she first got mad at me for not sacrificing anything for her and said I was being selfish. From then on, I tried being there for her more and in more ways I could. She still got mad at me for not being there and sacrificing. I didn’t know what to do at this point because I was in such bad condition myself too. I decided to just put my problems aside and be there for her. As time passed and the more and more I tried changing myself the more and more I heard the words “you will never change, you will always be selfish.” For the longest time I took those words to heart and tried to change myself so much and be there for her as much as I could. I have made selfish decisions in the past: after she got in trouble with her parents I did everything I could to help for two or three days then I went back to focusing on myself and my own problems. Something worth noting is that to this day she holds that against me and brings it up every fight. I have made other mistakes in the growth of our relationship too which she still brings up. Which brings us to recently.

Present:
What I have been feeling for months now is that no matter how much I change and sacrifice, she will never be satisfied. I cared a lot about her and I genuinely just wanted to change who I was because I was framed as such a shitty person for choosing to tend to my own problems over hers many times. I wanted to not be selfish anymore. I changed a lot about me and got less and less close with my friends as I did that. Eventually, I did nothing but help her with her problems and be there for her. Even after that she told me that I will never change and that I will always be the same person. That really hurt me. Some time after that everything I had been bottling up and holding in myself started to emerge. I started feeling lots of pain. I felt nothing but guilt for choosing my own problems over hers in past. She would constantly tell me that I am the reason she was at rock bottom. Eventually, last week, when she brought up how messed up our relationship is, I subtly told her that I don’t know how I feel about a relationship. I didn’t give any reason but the reason is because I am constantly thinking that I am just hurting her and that I am hurting the people around me. She didn’t think anything of my subtle hint. How I felt was that I didn’t feel comfortable in a relationship. However, just recently she has been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder. I thought that this wasn’t the right time to talk about our relationship and that the priority should be both of our mental health’s. So I put that feeling aside and I was being there for her. One day she pushes a conversation about how I feel about our relationship. I kept telling her now is not the right time to talk about it and that it’s not the priority right now but she still pushed a convo about it. I did not want to lie to her so I told her that I don’t know how I feel about our relationship and that I don’t know if it’s best if we stay together. She got really upset with me and told me “I never gave up on you why did you give up on me,” “You are the most selfish person I know,” and “You chose to quit when it got hard when I never did anything like that.” I told her that she never realizes what I have done for her and that she always brings up the past and talks as if I owe her my entire life. Something to know: she truly felt as if she sacrificed her life for me. She sacrificed so much for me I would never deny that. She sacrificed her friendships, time and well being. She expected me to sacrifice the same and I didn’t know how to and I didn’t know if it was the right thing to do. For that reason she constantly called me selfish and I constantly believed it. Recently after hearing how I feel about a relationship she said she can’t be with someone who feels like that. But at the same time she also said that I was a quitter and that I was selfish for not knowing. I don’t know how I feel about myself. I feel guilty of so many things and I don’t know if I can take all the blame any longer. So couple days ago we had an argument or rather she was talking out of emotion to me while I listened and asked to stop fighting. She told me things that I cannot get out of my head. She told me that I was the reason she was feeling suicidal. She told me that since I broke up with her, I will be at fault if she is not here anymore. I didn’t know what to do. I started panicking. She kept on saying things along those lines and that was when I had the first anxiety attack ever in my life. I panicked and called her mom and told her that she needs help and that she is in a lot of pain. Because I told her mom, she went off on me and blamed and accused me of so many things. I couldn’t take it all but she didn’t understand that. Since then we have been having one sided arguments about the same thing over and over. It is just her accusing me for being the reason she won’t be here anymore and for being the reason she lost all hope. We said goodbye to each other today but I don’t know if she is going to text back tomorrow and possibly argue more.

For those of you that read until now, thank you so much for hearing me out. I just wanted to know where I went wrong and maybe where she might’ve went wrong too. If you guys could help me I would be more than grateful. Thank you!