OptimisticI consider myself an optimist. I see the best of the world. I see beautify and love and life in everything. Being alive in a universe with stars and sun and water and all the great things out there is amazing. I look around and I see people and I am glad they exist, even if I don't know them. I have a home, I have money, I am going to college in a nice town with loads of friends. I do group activities, I work with my community and constantly take on fulfilling projects. I eat good food, drink pleanty of water, exercise daily. Life can't get better.

That's why I want to kill myself. 

I feel nothing. Happiness as a concept is unimaginable. My family is disgusted with me. My father and I haven't spoken in months (*I* cut *him* out my life) and my mother finds the idea of me repulsive. I have spent so much of my life just trying to survive that now I do not know how to feel joy. My body is failing me. My memory is getting worse and worse every day, and I am in pain. There is nothing beyond this for me. This is as good as it all gets. There is no point to being alive - no joy, no love. It's just not in the cards for me. 

I have dysphoria. I am transgender. If I medically transition my family will disown me - which is strange. I don't really think HRT will make me happy, no one thing could do that, but I when I find myself in trans-spaces I find that looking at other trans people who have already transitioned makes me feel hopeless. I want what they have so *so* badly, but I know that won't happen for me. Not until I live independently. I've thought about checking myself into a hospital, however, I was abused when I was 14 in one. Now that I have transitioned I am terrified more than ever of such an event repeating. Transgender people are not treated well by professionals very often, I work with the community enough to know that.

I don't know what to do with myself. I love being alive, but I can't stand it. Life is such a precious, *good* thing - why can't I enjoy it? Why don't I get to be happy and loved? 

Everything in my life seems perfect, everything is set to make me happy - it's an insult to all the people I saw given nothing. I've seen poverty, disease, death, abuse - I could do nothing to help them, and yet I survived so why can't I just be happy? These people drowned with *nothing* to keep them afloat and yet here I am unable to find joy right under my nose. What is wrong with me?

The most terrifying thought of all is this - what if everyone is like me? What if every one is suicidal and miserable, and just faking it to get by? If that's the case, then I should die right now. If nothing can make this better, and happiness is just a lie by the media or society or whoever, what then?