I am having severe Career and Life Issues and I am losing all hope dont know how much more I can take it Hello Reddit, I (M26) have been a student for 8 years now and as depressing as that is, I have pressed forward in this major. However, I am really starting to doubt myself, after I get my bachelor’s degree, I feel I will not be able to get a job. I am still living at home, no car, no job I've gained weight and am losing my hair. When I was 21, I got a petty theft charge because I was trying to save money for my family and education instead of relaxing on loans, so I stole from my place of business after I got desperate and tired of struggling and I feel like that has also hurt my job aspects as well. I struggle with suicide almost every other day and am taking meds for it I was diagnosed with PTSD and Major Depressive Disorder. I was raped as a child by family for years and have been trying to cope with that for years its crippled my ability to have any meaningful relationships every GF I have had has either cheated or left me and I don’t really have a family although I have 2 close friends I feel like they don’t like me anymore or I am just a bother or charity case. When it comes to school, I am not very good at anything in this major, programming, art, game design I left community college(graduated) in 2017 took a stress break in 2018 and game back this year to University. I feel so lost I am 26 and am running out of time in life I feel so old and I that I peaked at 17. I had interest in law, but I can’t take those types of classes or transfer over because I am junior and it’s too late now. I feel that I would be better suited to do law to be an officer instead of game design plus I could use it for more things but because of the misdemeanor I feel like I would be denied . As has time marched on I have heard how hard it is to get into the game industry and with such a limited degree even if did get better at programming I couldn't use the degree for anything else but games I live in Maryland there isn't much in the way of jobs for this degree except Bethesda. I thought I wanted to do this but I haven't had many good professors for programming and learning on my own has always been hard for me I need special help and I learn better in class rooms and hands on but there are no tutors. Most of my classes are online and I am not really learning anything since they expect me to know what I am doing already when I am put in groups for projects, I feel slow, dumb and useless. I have no Idea what to do now I feel like I have wasted these 8 years and I have nothing to show for it I feel old and at the end of my rope. I am almost out of Financial Aid and in huge debt of 60,000 because my parents said I needed to help the family out and I would just give them all or most of my refund checks, I wasn't able to get my driver’s licenses until now because I had no one to teach me as my dad refused to and I had a friend teach me and I got it but I can’t afford a car. Being a full-time student and having a misdemeanor of petty theft no one wants to hire me, and I just don’t know what to do anymore I feel stupid and that its too late to make something of myself and it would just be easier for me and everyone if I just finally just jumped into traffic. I feel like my existence is pointless and that nothing bad things and bad choices have been made I have no talent or skills and I have nothing to offer society, I am tired and I just like I have no future and nothing to look forward to anymore I'm scared and tired and I just not sure what to do anymore or If I can even go on anymore. 

I posed this to r/Advice to because I really just want some advice on what to do and also didn't see this Sub-Reddit so forgive the double post but if I cant climb out this rut this time I am going to free myself from this hell and mistake of a life.