Too fucked up to liveI'm pretty fucked in the head. Seriously. Most likely going schizo, too socially awkward for my own good, very few friends, my family is distancing themselves from me, and even my own friends who I've had for 10+ years even feel more distant. I'm at a shit job at a call center where I get yelled at all day either by customers or by supervisors who don't really do their jobs. It's pretty much a soul-devouring exercise in masochism, and I'm getting sick of it. It'd be a little better if I could make friends there, but as it stands, the only friend I have left that hasn't quit or been fired is a little crazy and keeps trying to make me think I'm either Jesus or in a coma. 

So I'm the crazy, "stay away from him" kind of guy at work now. It's fine, would probably never get laid anyways. My genetics set me up for some awesome stuff. Terrible skin, depression, possible schizo, drug/alcohol abuse (and no self-control to stop smoking so much pot), introversion, possible Asperger's, apathy, all and a number of other fun traits that pretty much doom me. I was supposed to quit this job to go to school, but my financial aid is all fucked up, so that's not going to happen this year. I can't quit this job unless I stop smoking, and I don't really have the self control (+ peer pressure from roommates/friends) to stop so I can find a new job. Same with cigarettes. My own mental status is pretty shaky, at best. Already attempted once, no ounce of stability there. I've been through four divorces in life (the last of which had my stepdad attempting to take *everything* of ours, even our cars, which were never his to begin with), lotta bullying, a brother who's a real "holier-than-thou" bastard who's always bullied me and used Mormonism as a shield for all the bad shit he's done in life, and I have a penchant for picking up friends who tend to abuse/use/bully me. I'm too nice, too humble, and too fucked up for my own good. I don't really forsee any kind of future for me, and even with all of the therapy in the world, I don't know if I could manage to keep picking myself up and finally make something in life. Have you ever gone insane? It's not pleasant.  