I'm not going to do it, but that doesn't make it any easier.I have had some really bad suicidal tendencies in the past. A nagging voice that keeps suggesting I kill myself, no matter how many times I keep resisting it, no matter how much I know it's wrong.

I feel like I am moving forward in life, but so slowly, and to what end? Sometimes I feel like I'm doing okay, sometimes I look at where I am and wonder what the point is. Sure, things are all right, but life just keeps knocking me on my ass again. Sometimes life doesn't seem worth picking through the bad times to find the good times.

My grandmother was hospitalized in September and died in December. Since September I've been living in her house by myself, taking care of the animals, paying the bills, at first from her money and then from my own pocket when that ran out. I've had no help from my family. I get thanked for this by being faced with the choice of living with my alcoholic, emotionally abusive mother (why I moved in with my gram in the first place) or trying to find a place I can afford. I am probably the most responsible person in my family, and I'm also the youngest. It's not fair, but that doesn't matter.

I am and have been deeply in love with the same person for years. I have seen him at his best and at his worst, and right now he is somewhere in between. It's a long distance relationship, he is busy at school, and being a typical guy doesn't really understand the whole "let me know you care once in a while" thing. One day he seems emotionally invested and then the next he seems scared and standoffish. He tends to withdraw and I have no idea what's going through his head. It's hard to explain without making him sound like a total asshole - he's not. Which is why I don't understand why he acts like one sometimes. I can usually just put it aside and wait until he's ready to talk, but when I feel the way I do now it just seems like too much to deal with.

I recently made the decision to quit smoking weed, which I'm sure is messing with my emotions. I'm PMSing, and I'm sure that has a lot to do with these feelings too. I can explain why I feel the way I do, I can understand that it's natural and okay, but it doesn't make it any easier. I still feel like I just want to be done with everything. I won't do it, I understand why I can't and shouldn't, but that just makes it harder to have these feelings.

I don't know what exactly I'm looking for here. Mostly, just don't want to feel alone right now.