I'm not emotional, I just don't have any way outHi, it pisses me off how 99% of people have it so, so, so easier than me. They don't know shit about is living like this and can't give any advise because they're never been in my situation.

I've always had anxiety / depression problems and never had any friends during high school. Mother was always abusive and let me with a great mountant of psychological scars. He became schizophrenic and threatened to take my life one day when I was 15. After that, she was hospitalized and an aunt took me to live with her far away but I couldn't take 2 months because it was unbearable. My mother entire's family has narcissistic traits and are very hard to live with. I came back to live with my dad and my brother, who was always preferred by my mom, and fucking yes, my parents were divorced by years. Right. When I was 16 my father had the courage to kill himself knowing that my mother was hospitalized in a psychiatric / drug dependency clinic and also knowing that I needed psychological help, since he was paying for my therapy sessions at that time. Right. My TOTALLY CRAZY mother who always refused to take medications was left with me and my brother at home by that aunt, who solved the bureaucratic problems. My mother didn't have any condition to take care of me and then when I turned 17 and finished high school I got out of home and went to another city to enter in a college degree in which I had absolutely no vocation to do, but I just did it to scape the hell that was living in that fucking house with my crazy mom. So... I dropped that damn school because I couldn't not focus on classes and I discovered that I hated that, despise of trying to like that and found myself on that shit. 

During all that time on school I lived with other people and it was hell. After I dropped school, so last year, I lived by myself using the money I received from my dad's death to pay my expenses, only because I have always saved money, since the expenses surpasses the amount I received. Right. This year, with all the pandemic, I won't have more classes for this year and now I'm stuck in a parent's house which don't give a shit and won't do anything to help me, but only use my stay here to make me pay their bills even if I stopped receiving the only money I did because of the shitty laws of my country and there's no way receiving the money back. Even if I find a job I won't be capable to pay for all my expenses living alone and I just can't take anymore having no home to live and having absolutely no security, no safe safe harbor to be. I live totally like an abandoned dog and I just can't take anymore. I envy people who do not have to go through all of this. I envy people who have good parents. I'm a very introverted person and I swear I won't live one more year of life with other people. I just can't.

Life has no meaning for me if I can't live the way I was meant to live. I discovered I only can survive at maximum. And this is not life. Landlord could kick me out and inevitably my money will end. I have no help from anybody. I think about selling my virgnity and not having to worrying about all this shit anymore or simply kill myself because I wouldn't bare having one more trauma in my life. I feel like thrash every single day. I feel like I have no right of living. I feel like life just want me to die.

This life is not worthy living.