For the first time ever, I feel like doing it. I feel emasculated. I have been doing help desk type work for the past 12-15 years or so. I have always hated it, but it paid the bills - and the longer I did it, the more I got paid for it. I've gone through layoffs many times before, but this time it seems bad.

A year and a half ago, my company hired a really horrible manager because she was a "friend" of someone high up. She has been able to do whatever she wanted in the company. She filled up the entire department with her personal friends or friends of the person who is high up. Just about all of the hires made during this period were underqualified. Myself and a couple other workers did all of the work. 

She decided recently that she had a couple other people that she wanted to hire, but there were no positions for them. So she convinced someone high up to fire me and another coworker, so that her friends could be hired. The "official" reason was that we were no longer a good fit and the "personalities" of the new hires (all best friends) would fit better.

The company knew it was unfair. They were able to find another position for my coworker, but for me they were not. So they gave me 3 weeks to work here, basically doing nothing, and would give me 3 weeks severance. There was nothing they could (or would) do about my wrongful termination. 

This is the last of my three weeks on the clock. I have spent this time feverishly looking for work, but I have not been able to get anyone to call me back at all. Correction, one person did call back and say they would contact me later for a phone interview but they never did. Nor did they respond to a follow up voicemail and email that I sent. Not sure what happened there. 

Since then, it has been a dismal black hole of failure. 

I've got a wife and kids and feel like a dismal failure of a human. My being let go was not my fault. And yet I feel as though I have failed everyone and that I am of no use to anyone. My wife is having to work extra now and after a while, even that won't really be enough to keep things moving. 

This is a large metro area and there are tons of jobs posted. I just can't seem to get any call backs. And it's only been a couple of weeks. I can't even imagine going on for years as some people have done. If I feel horrible about myself now, how will I feel good a year from now when I still can't find work. How useful of a person would I be then? 

And because I have done this work so long, I am not qualified really to do anything else. I don't have a degree, which counts as experience in some cases, so that removes me from most employment pools. 

Tell me why I shouldn't just end it, rather than drag it out? Yeah, sure, the kids won't understand, but I am hoping that maybe my wife can find a better person who can seem to stay employed and provide for them better than I can. Maybe new dad will be better in every way and they can forget I ever existed at all.
