TornI was hoping I was in a slightly better state not to have to make another of this kind of post. Sadly this is not to be. The last month or so I have been badly hurting. There have been multiple points in my life that I have thought I was over my problems, that I had somehow succeeded, and every single one of these 'high' points has been followed by a decay to a lower state of mind than I had previously been in. A couple of months towards the end of last year was one such high point; now I am at the very depth of the decay.

Every day, every hour, every moment of the past month that I have spent alone, and even a lot of the time I have spent with others, has been spent in pain. Beyond the occasional, fleeting moment here and there when I concentrate on interacting with people, when I am distracted enough that I don't have to think and I can simply act on instinct, I have whiled away the hours trying desperately to survive amidst the hostile landscape that my own mind has become.

This twisted coil of reality that the past two years has forced me to face is destroying me. All I see in my life is pain. I can't even imagine happiness any more; the light at the end of the tunnel has gone from distant to invisible to incomprehensible so rapidly that I'm not sure it ever existed. I have completely lost hope of it ever returning. All I do now is try with all of the strength I have left to suppress the ethereal undercurrent of my depression, but nothing I do stems the tide, even temporarily.

It's coming to a point now where I'm beginning to wonder if there's even any point in continuing my life. It is becoming obvious to me that I am unlikely to be anything more than a drain, as my productivity and usefulness to society are so heavily impacted by my inability to motivate myself to do anything. All I do is play games and listen to music; what good is someone who does that?

The irony of this is that the one thing I am more scared of than being stuck in this depression until I die is death. Ever since I have understood death my only wish has been to live forever, to see the progression of society, to watch as mankind journeys into the stars, to be an observer as civilization waxes and wanes, and to have an eternity to live. But I would give that infinity of experience up for just one day of real, true happiness. 

It seems so little to ask and yet it is a concept so foreign to me now that, faced with the prospect of any number more decades of sorrow and then an inevitable death, I cannot help but wonder if I should choose an earlier death, whether it be tomorrow or many years from now, and save both myself and those around me the trouble of watching me grow as old and withered physically as I feel mentally. Even now, at 11pm, tomorrow feels like a long time to live with this, as it does every night, as it has done so for so long. I have no idea how I have survived until now, and I have even less idea how I will continue surviving if nothing changes.