I fell that people are specifically targeting me or avoiding me.It feels like people I try the most to hang out with, people who I've been friends with for years, are trying to drive me away. They'll talk to me in public, but it's like they won't say anything unless I force them to conversation. This would be normal if they didn't already talk to everyone like they're best buds. I've started seeing subtle, but visible, aspects of them avoiding outside conversation. They talk to each other about hanging out, but if I text them "can I come?" they deny talking about it. But I'm never sure. I think, "maybe it's me misunderstanding, I do that sometimes" but the idea is still permanently lodged. It makes me feel worthless that they treat me like this, but it's the people I trust the most still. I think I'm paranoid, but it's like people WANT me to die, in a way that shows them as a good guy by publicly grieving my suicide. My parents refused to pay for antidepressant drugs when I was a year younger, even when there are no actual financial struggles in my family. I get vague unhelpful advice from friends that I mentioned earlier. One of them even posted a huge rant about how shocked he was at someone in the area committing suicide (He didn't even know them, and I feel he's showing just how much he can bury his blame from my state of mind as a good guy). I know he's seen as a saint but it's because he talks crap well enough (to keep it from spreading). The slew of crushes I've had has led me to this girl that I constantly try to make laugh, think, understand, and get to understand was sending me positive comments and has now just resorted to avoidance or silence, which she explains with excuses like "I forgot" or "My car is in the shop for the next week" (She made this comment then, two days later, was talking in front of me and offered to pull out her car for the other person). I tried to hang myself a year or so ago, but when I tried I failed miserably to tie a noose and fell asleep sobbing. I hate my existence of school, homework, watching videos, playing routine-based games, being flaked on, etc. It's like playing a game of roulette where I bet my calmer frame of mind, get destroyed when I lose and maybe a pat on the back for winning. 