Am I not understanding/seeing something?This is not a cry for help, this is not me asking for prayers and sympathy, i’d like this to be more of an intellectual discussion.

What i’m about to say is coming from a point of view that i’m aware may be negative and skewed due to events/observations that conditioned my subconscious to think this way. 

Anyway, I genuinely just don’t see the point of this life. To me, it seems very high pain-low/mediocre reward. 

In just about every situation, there are 4 things that usually happen with experiences you have, goals you have and just life in general that I have a problem with. That being:

1) The necessary hard-ships/lessons you endure in life.

2) The reward you get out of it.

3) Was the reward even worth it?

4) Why any of it at all?

Number 4 falls into more if a philosophical discussion, but still contributes to why I have suicidal thoughts. I think the 4 above points apply to literally everything, but I’ll throw out a couple of examples in the format of those points to help illustrate my issue.

1) A young kid gets his/her heart crushed in high school by a girl/boy. (maybe more than once)

2) Kid gains a new understanding of what love really is, or at least what it isn’t and maybe gains a better idea of what they want in a partner.

3) This may happen a few more times into adulthood, but they’re finally at a point where they may have found someone they choose to settle with. Cool, but of course no matter what, issues still occur, and recurr with any relationship.

4) Why any of this at all?

A different example:

1) Guy grows up in poverty

2) All of those years in poverty gave him this crazy drive to make tons of money and live a life he never had.

3) He finally has a big house, nice car, and things he’s always wanted. And in my mind, i’m like “Ok.. I just went through absolute hell to have these things.. what now?”. Which leads me to number 4..

4) Why any if that at all?


The way I break down these experiences in my little 1-4 format may be flawed, 3 and 4 to me are related and can overlap, but anyway..

4 is the main one for me, it’s just kind of the classic “why are we even here?” question. Ok so you learn these lessons in life and eventually find happiness. Ok, for what? Like ultimately what are we even doing here? Are we here just to experience things in these little fleshy suits we have on? Why? How does what we experience in our lives here tie into any signifigance into anything at all?

So the combination of the sometimes unbearable pain it takes to finally experience happiness, and not seeing the point of any of it in the first place, makes me not want to live anymore.

I’m not the best at writing/typing, i’m also not the best at explaining things, but I tried my best to get this off my chest. Thanks to any that took the time to read.