Suicide and meJust wondering how common it is to be bullied, followed, people speaking about you \(thinking you cant hear but you can\), and in general made out to be a total piece of s. I have been trying to put my life back together after 10 years of hardcore opiates and everyone around me seems to think its something that once you are off it, life returns to normal in a few days or weeks. I am curious for other people how long did it take until you actually started feeling alive again? Having been essentially brain dead and unconscious for so long, the high standards and abilities I exhibited when I was younger still apply, and seemingly all my own personal experience = just a giant excuse. At times I have used my disability to excuse myself, but am making a concerted effort to change that behavior. I have long periods of down times followed by relatively good times which I was told was pretty normal given the high dosage of the devils pills. I can honestly say I never hurt anyone, I screwed a crap load of relationships up though so I dont want to discount that. Take it from me though, if you go down the road of a suicide attempt, and fail or pull out last minute \(which happens to most people\), the damage done to your body may have long lasting effects. So if you are reading this and feeling suicidal, either feel free to message me, look up some websites where you can at least chat with someone, and put on some music you like and most likely reason will take over and you will remember just how awesome life is. You wont always feel horrible, and you would never know what feeling just normal or great is like unless you have been through the depths of despair. I always hated it when people said it will get better etc, but of course they are/were right and look deep inside yourself and you will see your inner beauty and what makes you unique, and no amount of external stuff can take that from you. We live in a world where most of our basic needs are met, so we now have created new problems to make up for those we solved. Its a perpetual cycle, but a necessary one. For indeed what would pleasure be like without pain? As long as you are doing your best, minding your own business, and not giving up, my hat is off to you and you are moving in the right direction. Now if I could only take my own advice to heart, I might get myself out of my own funk. But I am just nervous as I do not want anyone to feel bad for me, or join me in my misery, so I isolate, which isn't healthy either.