I'm just so stressed out and unimportantI've had issues before, and now it seems like I get rid of one and another comes back. I just don't know what to do at this point. The answers are all in front of me and I just can't do it.

Last year I was diagnosed with an eating disorder and I cut myself too. Won't say I had depression, cause I don't like that. I don't like that I had an ED either, cause in my mind I am way too fat to have suffered from one. Well this is my first year of college too. I never drank or did anything before coming, but now since I was "cured" of my high school bull shit I thought I could do whatever I wanted. I did what I always do and made stupid decisions that affected my grades. I drank every single night and blew all my money on alcohol, just wasted every night. And I would go to class hungover and ignore what was happening and go on my laptop. I did okay in most classes except chemistry, now I'm on academic probation. 

I know it's not something to kill myself over, but it's like I'm two people at once. I sound crazy I know but I think I am. I want to just destroy myself. If you met me you'd have no idea, I'm a sweet, preppy, fun loving girl who doesn't sound like this but GOSH do I wish I was dead, or I wish I could do it... But I don't want to, but I do. It doesn't even make sense. Gosh I hate myself I hate myself so much I'm disgusting I hate myself. I'm fat and fucking gross I'm fucking my whole life up. I am EIGHTEEN FUCKING YEARS OLD and I'm not even fat, I am normal looking and I know that, but I am I am fat. I am disgusting I am retarded I don't even deserve to be alive I was adopted I should've fucking died. But I lived and I have a fortunate life and a family who loves me and what do I do to them? I ruin their lives because they care about me. I got r a p e d and I had to tell them that it was disgusting and I am disgusting and it's not an excuse to do poorly in school but I hate therapy and I hate being fucked up why can't I be normal and do good and not be a fucking shit stain and actually be beautiful and pretty and perfect and be loved even though I am?! My boyfriend is so good to me and I'm a piece of shit if you couldn't tell, I fucking hate myself.