What difference does it make?Every part of my life seems to be falling away one after another, like dominoes. A few days after my 30th birthday, I found out that my estranged psycho mother who abused me my entire life had somehow gotten my home address. I got a restraining order but I've been so scared that I had to move and sell my house. My beautiful little house in the woods that was what I'd been dreaming of since I was a kid. I just barely got it less than two years ago, and I couldn't keep it. During the restraining order process, some family members showed their true colors. Then just before the court hearing, my grandmother died. She was one of the few people in my family who treated me kindly. She also paid for all my school and was very generous to me, and I everything I have is thanks to her. I'm so glad that I never told her about my mother and that she didn't get caught up in all this drama at the end. My aunt who said she'd support me suddenly did a 180, but I don't blame her because her mother had just died. She was grieving, and while I'm sad that she said such horrible things to me before the funeral, I know I can't criticize her for it. Then at the funeral, I said the wrong thing to one of my cousins because I didn't know she's going through a divorce. I asked if it was just her and the kids? But I meant was it just her and the kids *this trip*, though I thought it would be disrespectful to call coming out for the funeral a trip, like it was some kind of vacation, so I cut myself off, and apparently it was terrible word choice because she thought that I knew about the divorce. Anyway, now I'm worried that she's mad at me. I don't have a lot of family connections and now I'm afraid I have none. Then if that's not enough loss my boyfriend and I have been having relationship problems and tonight we broke up. I went over to my best friend's house because I thought she was offering to be supportive, but it was just her and her boyfriend getting high and watching TV, and I felt like they expected me to put on a happy face for them.

In the past few months I have lost my home, most likely what remaining family I had, now my boyfriend, and my only other friend is too stoned to be supportive.

So I started thinking I should just go. Disappear, move away and start over. But then, what's the point? From the perspective of any of those people, it wouldn't be any different if I disappear or if I kill myself. The only perspective it would effect is mine, and my feelings have never mattered anyway. So what difference does it make? Why should I put the effort in to rebuild my life somewhere new? It just seems like a lot of work, and chances are I'll just end up with the same types of people. As an abuse victim, I'm conditioned to respond to people who treat me badly. It's what's familiar. Why take the risk of getting hurt again?