Don't know what I am supposed to do anymoreI'm struggling with feelings of not wanting to be alive anymore. I keep trying to reach out but I'm just getting so tired. Tired of pushing my problems on everyone. Tired of being emotional. Tired of...being tired.  

My boyfriend of ten years broke up with me shortly after he confessed that he had been cheating on me.  I wasn't 'getting over it' quickly enough and I was hurting so badly that he felt that breaking up with me would be the best thing. He felt that it would give me a chance to see him for who he really was and give me time to see if I really wanted to be with someone that would do that kind of thing. He has since told me never wants to get back together with me because of a plethora of things I have done in anger/frustration over the past few months. He's still seeing her but, doesn't want to be with her either.

He was my best friend. I told him everything. We've raised our kids together. He spent 10 years breaking down my trust-walls and becoming something so meaningful to me... then in one conversation it was all gone. He wants to be friends and tells me he loves me and wants to hold me and hug me and kiss me, even be intimate but, not be with me.  Its been four months now... I still can barely look him in the eye and I wasn't even the one that cheated.   We still live together. We continue to share a bed.  He doesn't like it when I can't sleep in the same bed. He doesn't want to sell the house because logically and financially it makes much more sense for us to remain there.

I'm in my late 30's and have had depression most of my life. I know how it goes. How it ebbs and flows.  I was pretty okay up until this. I was hospitalized a couple months ago for suicidal ideation.  I'm not getting better. I have the suicide prevention hotline on speed dial. I'm sure they see my number generate and they roll their eyes at this point. I've always isolated myself, it's just how I am. depression and anxiety just seem to work that way. I'm pushing everyone away now. My boyfriend... or ex... or whatever he is. The kids. The handful of people I actually know I don't talk to anymore, not even text. I don't even hit 'like' on FB anymore.  I stopped seeing my doctors. My therapist. All I seem to do is wear them all out so I just stopped reaching out to them.  I have little flutters where I still know I need to reach out but, it's becoming few and far between.

I have no idea if I still have a job. It doesn't much matter in the long run, I suppose though.  I get up every day and I kiss the kids good bye and I just sit in my car. For hours. I just sit there, opening and closing the same bottle of pills, over and over again. Some times I break down. Hysterically crying and I call him. He doesn't know what to do anymore though. He's leaving it up to me to decide if I can be strong enough or if I need to go to the ER. I honestly can't even fathom how he manages to understand the sobbing words to come find me and drive me home. The other day he was frustrated and told me that we could go and buy the pills together because if I took my life, he, in turn would have to take his and that because of that we needed to go and tell our kids.  I know, deep down, he was trying to help give me a reason to continue to be strong but now I feel worse. I had a feeling he was angry with me before but, now I know he is:(

TL;DR
Sad after breakup. Everything hurts. Isolating. None of it matters. So close to giving up.