I am running out of hope and when it's gone, I will be too.I'm a normal teenager. I play guitar, do sports, hang with friends, play video games. On the outside I seem normal, happy, but on the inside, I'm contemplating suicide. I'm here because everyone else has failed me, so I'm turning to internet strangers for help. In November I found out that my mom filed for divorce from my dad. That was the first time I ever seriously contemplated suicide, because I don't want to live in a broken home. My father was a serious alcoholic when I was younger and my mom took my siblings and I out of that environment. I know that it was the right thing for her to do, that that would not be a positive environment to raise 4 children in, and I don't hate her for it. But I hated living with just one parent. I am the oldest of my siblings and I had to step up and take so much more responsibility. I had to sort of be the "dad" they didn't have when we were with mom. And I don't handle responsibility well. I always fought with my mom about everything because I needed a dad. And it was worse when I was with my dad. One night when he was drunk I listened to him contemplate suicide. You have no clue what that did to my mind. He finally sobered up as a promise to his dying mother and when he got clean my mom let him live with us again. But now she's getting a divorce and I don't want to go back to a broken home. But there's more to why I want to die. I am terrible at interacting with other people and in January my girlfriend dumped me because of this. It really screwed up my self esteem and I can't see anything good in me anymore. As a distraction to try to ignore the bad thoughts, I put everything into my school work. But in February I was hospitalized and missed basically the whole month. It screwed up my grades pretty bad. I tried really hard to catch up but all the extra work gave me lack of sleep and I kept getting sick. So today the guidance counselor said that I had to drop 2 of my classes and focus on the others. I go to an IB school (Like AP but harder) and dropping those classes means I don't get the full IB diploma. I really wanted to do that. And now I have 3 extra hours in my day that were filled with schoolwork and I won't be able to avoid dealing with the other issues I have going on. And I hate it whenever I have to think about those. I've lost control, hope, and the desire to live. And I can't even talk to my friends and family about it. My cousin found my phone a while back and now I have to deal with his constant ridicule because the suicide hotline was in my contacts. My friends and family just quote bible verses condemning suicide. That doesn't help me because I believe in God, but I'm at the point where I'm willing to take my chances on hell rather than to deal with everything I have to deal with. I just don't know what to do. So if anyone is here reading this I hope you can help me, because I can't.

Edit: I'm going to sleep now. You all are awesome for being willing to help a total stranger, and you've given me something to think about. Good night everyone.