Second time posting here. Doubt anything will change...Hoooooo boy this is going to be a long one. Sorry for formatting, I'm on mobile.

And before we get started, yes I live in a first world country, am not homeless or have a debilitating illness like cancer- but that doesn't make me feel any less of a failure.

When I was really young my family moved into a much more rural area (like 1st grade). There were like 30 kids in the whole graduating class. Everyone knew each other (except for me!) So guess who was picked on and had no friends? I was constantly in and out of psychiatrists offices, my mom trying to figure out why I was always a crying mess, cutting my clothes at school, throwing tantrums... Eventually I wound up on antidepressants which, at age 8, didn't do a whole lot for me in the way of social and personal development. I was reclusive, I can barely remember my childhood because of the fog of antidepressants clouding my memory. Constant bullying, getting pushed to my absolute breaking point over and over and over again. At 16 we moved back into 'the big city' and things improved because I could blend into the crowd and not be noticed. I found friends, other outcasts that were into the same things I was (anime, D&amp;D, Magic the Gathering etc). Thing were okay for a couple of years, until I realized I was 18 with no solid plan for anything- so I listened to my mom and joined the Navy.

I was picked up on the Nuclear program, and felt really accomplished. Finally, I'd be in a place where I belonged. Where other people just like me looked for a job to do and did it with camaraderie.

I couldn't have been any more wrong. Boot camp was a repeat of grade school- then the 2 years of training afterwards to become part of the Nuclear program was grueling, to say the least. Only 2 schools in the world are harder than NNPT- MIT Engineering and Harvard Law. I passed with flying colors, but had a hard time with military bearing. Coming off of 10 years of antidepressants that I needed in order to sleep at night, I found it very hard to sleep, concentrate on anything other than a book. I felt like I was in a different persons skin. I coped by delving into videogames like never before.

Once I got to the final part of the Nuclear training, I spent 6 months on a working reactor. The instructors there are considered the 'best' by their peers, knowledgeable in 100% of their job as a nuclear power plant operator. This doesn't mean that they are nice people, or good instructors past what is required of them by the book.

One particular fuckface hated me. I have no idea why. He mentally tortured me the entire time I was there. When it came time to go to our commands (I passed with an easy A throughout the entire program) this guy found out where I was going and called ahead to the boat to tell his friends who was on his shit list, me being one of them.

I landed in Japan on March 10 2010. We spent the day going through the motions of Indoc for coming to a foreign country. The next day, the Tohoku earthquake hit. Everyone had to run to the ship and get onboard so we could hopefully get out to sea before the tsunami hit the coast.

I got to watch footage of the devastation from a desk in the reactor department office. When I got onboard some higher up said 'follow me, you're standing watch right now.' He sat me down at the front desk of the office and said 'sit here, answer that phone if it rings, and don't fall asleep. There's a TV you can watch right there.'

Sweet, not a bad gig for my first day. Sit here and don't fall asleep. Easy.

I turned the TV on and watched the news as it came in. Hours went by and nobody came to relieve me, but I stayed awake.

Enter MM1 Deverna. 6'3", pasty white ginger with a Super Troopers mustache and filled with enough piss and vinegar to pickle hardwood. He came in the office lookibg for something, and sees me, the new guy, watching TV. Knowing what I know now, I can understand why he was upset. He just spent the last 24 hours busting his balls to get the ship underway- we were in port for maintenance and everything was disassembled. Usually it takes weeks to get these projects finished- they had it done in hours.

He slaps the TV off with the fury of 1000 suns and grabs a big reactor manual, slams it down in front of me and says 'You should be reading this, not watching TV you fucking NUB'. (NUB = New Unused Body).

I ask him how I was supposed to know that, when the guy who sat me down here TOLD me to watch tv. It's my first fucking day onboard, and the worst earthquake Japan has ever seen has JUST happened.

His response? "I hope you come to MY division- I'm gonna make it my goal to get you to kill yourself by the end of this tour.'

Guess who's division I got placed in?

He had a posse of several minions who were at his beck and call. If you weren't part of a clique of some kind you were ostracized to the point of suicide.

They'd smash/steal my alarm clock while I slept so I missed musters and watch. They'd dump trash into my rack. They'd write all kinds of fucked up shit about me where I could see it. Because his minions wrote the watchbill, they'd often change it last minute and not inform me so I'd be late to watch.

Anything and everything they could do to drive me insane. All the while I'm ahead in qualifications, doing everything I should be doing- except sleeping and making it to work on time, because I was tormented nonstop, so I'd miss watch changes which would make people fuck with me more, and only fed to the cycle.

One fucked up thing about the Nuclear power program is the work schedule. We were on a 5 and dime rotation WITH A 7-19 workday. This means you had to be at muster at 7am and worked til 7pm, BUT you also had to stand watch 5 out of every 15 hours.

The typical day started like this: 1am get up so you can make your 02-07 watch, and maybe get some edible cardboard from midrats. Workday begins at 7 so you're fucked for breakfast as you were on watch while it was being served. Work from 7 to 17, now you're back on watch until 22- but wait, you have drills at 2am!! So you don't get to sleep more than an hour if you're feeling adventurous and have an alarm clock louder than a freight train. Etc. No chance to ever get any real sleep. Always doing the dumbest busywork during the day that didn't have any bearing on daily operations but for some reason we have to do drills in the middle of the fucking night.

I broke down, after 4 years of my 6 I couldn't take it any more. Just as I started to try and seek help for the fucked up situation I was in I was informed I'd been sent to NJP (captains mast) meaning they wanted to throw me under the bus and make me look like a total fuck up rather than a victim. At least half a dozen other people in my division had either similarly lost it and been removed from the Nuclear program due to depression (which ostracized them further, garnering more negative attention from fellow nukes), committed suicide, or just flat out went AWOL. The cracks were showing in the Reactor department and they had to make it seem like they were in control rather than a fraternity of shitheads that would get the ship docked for hazing as a couple other divisions already had done that year.

Everything I said fell on deaf ears. For being late and falling asleep at inopportune times, I was sentenced to a reduction in rank, had half of my pay garnished for 2 months and was placed on restriction for 60 days. This was the standard punishment for everyone by this CO, who was a massive piece of shit taking bribes from Fat Leonard in exchange for classified naval intelligence.

He waffled for the entire time I was on restriction as to whether or not I'd be ADSEP (admin separation- aka we don't want you and you don't want us). With a week left I was told I didn't get any separation paperwork. I was devestated. I just wanted out. To not be tortured by someone for their entertainment. To just learn and do my job without someone wanting me to kill myself. To be able to sleep for more than an hour a night.

I stopped going to restriction muster until they took me to NJP again. Once again nothing I said mattered, the new CO just tore into me about military bearing and other stuff that was only related to what was going on at the surface. He refused to address the glaring issues of sleep deprivation and lack of any kind of checks or balances in the Reactor department.

3 days later I was on a plane bound for SeaTac Washington. Discharged: General under Honorable Conditions. No VA benefits. No GI bill. Given a plane ticket home with basically no help given to transition back into civilian life.

I went to work for my dad. He owned a restaurant and so waited tables, working 10-2 for tips. I'd have breakdowns every so often, falling apart for seemingly reason and having to close myself in a dark room and cry until I couldn't any more. Still couldn't sleep.

I spent 5 years doing that, but I can barely remember a moment of it. It came and went so fast. The area he had his restaurant in was gentrified to the point where he couldn't afford the rent, or to move so he just retired. The landlord more or less FORCED him out of his business he built over a decade.

I started working for Midas, putting my wrenching skills from the Navy to use. I was a lube tech making minimum wage, literally starving to make ends meet. The cheap bastard of an owner was sending ME in my PERSONAL CAR to go pick up parts from parts stores rather than lay for delivery. I needed the $5 in gas he gave me every time just to make it to work the next day.

One day after filling up I was T-boned in the driver's side exiting a gas station. My pelvis and tailbone were broken, as was the $500 Honda civic I had been fixing part by part over the years prior, after getting out of the Navy. Everything I had worked for was gone. I was unable to walk unassisted for 2 months. I was lucky to avoid surgery. Didn't get anything because 1) the other driver was uninsured and I didn't have uninsured motorist coverage, 2) I was considered at fault by the police/insurance co and 3) because it was on the clock I got workers comp but the bastard dragged his feet for a month and a half filing the paperwork so I was having to take out loans just to fucking get groceries.

The best part about that was a few days before the accident the cheap fuck who employed me and I had a discussion about how I wasn't making enough money to even afford food, and his response? "If you're ever hungry I can get you like 5 bucks for some ramen and rice". I was furious. When I was sitting at home in pain, I called him every day asking for help but he never returned my calls.

The second I was cleared to work again I went and picked up my toolbox and left. I'll never work for him, or another corporate/government ever again.

I found a mom and pop shop that hired me on for double what Midas was paying. I was there for a year, still tormented by my past. Constantly making little mistskes, forgetting things, losing things... was it the accident? I did get a concussion but I'm not sure if my lack of focus got worse there or not. After a year of working there I was let go because the business had been slowing to a crawl, and there wasn't enough work to keep me so the owner set me up with another shop. Not quite as nice but I'm running the entire shop alone and it's very stressful. Still fucking up, losing shit.

I think I've developed an eating disorder. I just don't eat until I'm so ravenously hungry so can't ignore it any more, and even then I just have something small to stave the hunger off.

I don't bathe nearly as often as I should, especially as a mechanic. Or brush my teeth/hair. Or wear clean clothing. Maybe once a week for each. Since I got out of the Navy I haven't cut my hair ONCE. I'll never let another person or entity dictate who I can be ever again. Haven't shaved either, just lop off a big fuzzy chunk when it gets too annoying. I haven't cared about my body in a long time, but I'm still terrified of losing teeth or getting a fungal infection on my skin. I think its because I've been telling myself to so long that I can't afford to take care of myself at any level.

There hasn't been a day that goes by that I don't think about suicide. Not about actually doing it, but just thinking about it. How it would affect the few people who know me. How I'd do it. What would be the least painful for me, and least painful for everyone else who finds my corpse. When I should do it. Is today the day? No, I've got that thing I have to do. Or mom and dad would be devastated. Or it'd be too messy to use the shotgun, but too painful to try poison.

I've been this way ever since that fuckface told me he would make it his goal to make me commit suicide, and made well on his promise. I dream of finding out where he is so I can crush his spirit as he did mine. All of his old posse too. And everyone else who has ever taken his side, all the administration who discharged me a broken man rather than fix a horrific systemic problem where dozens of active duty personnel commit suicide every week.

One guy jumped off the flight deck while I was on the ship. Not into the water to drown, but face first into the corner of the aircraft elevator. Rumor has it he pancaked his torso on the corner so hard they had to identify him by looking at the name tag on his pants, and when that was too full of viscera they had to pull off a boot to find a name written on the tongue (they made you mark all of your uniform items in boot camp, and boots are often stolen so people write their names in so they have a very slim chance at recovering them).

I don't drink because most of my family is alcoholics. In the Navy I would try any and everything to dull the pain. Started smoking, got to over a pack a day. Liquor, protitutes, gambling, drugs of all kinds (passed all my tests though!). I use marijuana every day to keep me numbed from the pain of my accident and to keep my mind from going to too dark of a place. It keeps me from thinking about my situation, for a little while.

I can't go to the VA for help because nobody would believe me for a second that the (NOW SENIOR CHIEF!!) upstanding Deverna who has no problems on his record would torment a young sailor with the intent of driving him to suicide, even if I did have proof.

I can't get my discharge changed to relieve VA benefits and my GI bill.

I don't want to go to a therapist out of fear I'll be committed, or be branded a danger to myself or others.

I'll never get better, and I've only been getting worse as time goes on. I'm just waiting for my parents to pass so I don't disappoint them when I inevitably do it.

The suicide hotline is a fucking joke. The VA is even worse, and I'll never ever have the money to go have someone listen to my 'problems for $99/hr and ask me how I feel. Sliding payscales don't help either when you're making so little money and have a mountain of debt.

I just want to lie down and not have to deal with tomorrow. It takes me an hour just to get the mental energy necessary to put on clothing in the morning. If the suicide booths from Futurama were a thing you bet your ass I'd be in line with enough quarters to go painlessly and peacefully.

This doesn't even scratch the surface with all of my problems. I have a wife who likely has BPD, definitely has depression and anxiety- she brought home a dog against my will last year, and she basically ignored it to death. It got out of it's kennel and into a bag of doritos. I had to clean that mess up. Beyond that she wants kods, and I don't think either of us will make good parents being depressed pieces of shit who can't clean a 700sqft apartment or ourselves, much less a kid.

TLDR: I've been depressed and bullied by my peers for my entire life. Now I'm almost entirely alone and don't eat, sleep, clean or bathe nearly as often as I should and I'm rapidly losing control. I don't know what to do because every option sounds worse than just ending it (therapy, pills, etc)