Killing myself very soon. [Long post]I write this as a sort of goodbye or as a poor explanation to my reasoning. As you can assume,  this is going to be a long post. Also, as a preface, if this against any rules, I apologize. You can remove it. No hard feelings. Anyway, I might as well share a bit about myself before I go. I don't want to go into extreme detail for various reasons, but if anyone reads this and I'm still kicking, I may answer if I'm comfortable with the question. So, I've been suicidal for just over a third of my life. I'm just a bit over eighteen. Before you think "You're just eighteen, you've got a long time left, just wait"... Don't please. The fact that I may have so much time left terrifies me. I don't want to spend my entire life feeling like this and the very little time I have felt like this already is too much. I've won't be bothered to seek help, other than a text line that I contacted a few months ago, but that ended horribly for me. I strongly believe that I'm not deserving of help and that even if I was, it wouldn't be beneficial to me anyway. 

If it isn't obvious yet, I'm kind of a shit person. Selfish,  coward, a slob, unintelligent, lazy, and a failure are just a some words to describe me. To say that others would be better off without me would be true. I know that those I love may hurt at first, but disregarding that, they truthfully would be better off without me. I use their hard earned money to support my own desires. I treat them like garbage and only realize so afterwards, but my cowardice and selfishness keeps me from apologizing. So, I'll apologize now. I'm sorry for everything. Additionally, I'd like for it to be known that my outcome as a person in life and death is not the fault of others. I don't want anyone to feel they are to blame for my suicide or the way I was when I was alive. Despite my actions, I loved so many... Family, friends, and pets.

With all of that said, I've chosen to hang myself tomorrow. However, I've taken a something beforehand to get high and due to the amount, it may kill me before I even have the chance to go through with my true plan. It really does suck that it had to come to this. I'm terrified of dying and I don't want to die, but there isn't any other option for me. Sorry if none of my blabbering made any sense, I've always been bad at explaining myself and opening up and talking to people. I'm sorry. 