Isn't it lovely.. all alone?Heart made of glass
My mind of stone


Listening to sad songs &amp; reading suicidal posts on Reddit. That's what I'm doing (again) today. Smoking lots of cigarettes. Crying. Feeling sorry for myself. Feeling like a waste of space and time. I go to therapy weekly. I've taken so many different antidepressants in the past 5 years and nothing helps. 8 hospitalizations. Partial hospitalization. Intensive outpatient therapy. Group therapy. CBT. DBT. Schema. EMDR. Trauma group. Coping skills. Distraction techniques. Grounding techniques. Acupuncture. Meditation. Mindfulness. Positive affirmations. Radical acceptance... should I continue? My mind says no. I'm completely helpless. I don't even want to get better. Why bother? It wouldn't last. I won't let myself enjoy anything. I don't deserve to taste joy. It's pointless to want it. Feels selfish. I'm such a fraud. Going to therapy every week, as if I believe I could ever be helped. Maybe I wanted it to be true at first. But once I realized it would never happen, I've just been pretending. Pretending I might actually get better. Pretending that I might actually get a job to support myself and my kid. Pretending that I could make it through a single day without crying about how much I hate my life and who I've become. Pretending that I could learn to be a mom that my daughter could admire. Pretending that it doesn't kill me to give her the love I never got as a kid. Pretending that I could go back to school and actually graduate. Pretending I don't need to smoke weed to chill tf out. Pretending that I am resilient. Pretending that I can handle it all... Avoiding friends. Avoiding family. Avoiding going to the doctor for several concerns. Avoiding the dentist. Avoiding eating. Avoiding checking the mail. Avoiding playdates. Avoiding showers. Avoiding leaving the house. Avoiding leaving bed. I tried to masturbate a couple days ago... nothing. My muscles still ache from trying because I'm so weak from doing nothing. I'm ready to be done with this now. The world panic doesn't help of course. I'm too hungry to eat and too sad to be happy. Thanks Reddit. For helping me feel less alone. Even if it only lasted 2.7 seconds.