getting worse, losing hopeI am 18.  I am in my last year of high school.  I haven't had any real life friends only a select few I talk to occasionally on the internet since age 13.  I have never go to hang out with anyone outside of the house, simply to school and back with grades getting worse, rapidly as of late.

Ever since I was 14 my life has consisted of going to school, coming home and locking myself in my room to browse the internet bar eating and going to the bathroom and the rare outing with family.  Very limited non-cyber contact.  I have constant mood changes from feeling great to terrible since I was 14-15 and they have been getting worse quickly the past year or so.

This year so far has been the worse, and this past week has been horrible.  I get into slumps like I am now where I literally make up stories in my head to the point where I believe them that people around me hate me, that I would be a burden off their shoulders if I wasn't around, a disappointment.  Right now I am going through these thoughts of how people hate me, what they say to me, making up responses back in my head.  I feel like I'm fucking crazy and I don't know what to do about it.  I have never said, through speech or text that this happens because I assume they would think I'm insane.  I constantly tell myself to kill myself and this past week has been absolute hell for it.  I am switching between crying hysterically for a few minutes than 30-60 seconds of feeling okay than back right now as I tell myself its time to end it.  

I have no confidence, I feel as if I have no control over anything around me.  I have had recurring thoughts of suicide for years and I am too afraid and don't know how to get help.  I have thought of several methods of suicide and tried my best to refrain from acting them out, I am just tired of feeling like I'm on a road going no where, being told everywhere I look on the internet for help that things get better when they only grow worse.  Social interaction seems like an unreachable myth to me at this point.

As I am about to post this I feel like an idiot for posting this, and that I will only be mocked and feel like just erasing it all.  I just want someone to know what I am feeling and hope someone has something to say that will put it in the right fucking words for me to understand that suicide isn't the best option for me right now.