I honestly thought I was better but I've just regressed to worse than I was three years ago. (23f)Sometime in 2013/2014 I was diagnosed with BPD by my psychiatrist at the time. I even used to post here sometimes back then. I was struggling to pass my classes in university, I had had altercations with my housemates and friends at the time, I was self harming by cutting, and by drinking and sleeping with men I didn't actually like. I was desperate for love and intimacy. In early 2014 I attempted suicide rather terribly (cutting, sleeping pills, alcohol etc.) and some of my classmates at the time comforted me, they stayed with me when I got back from the hospital and spent time with me and I instantly went from feeling depressed to being elated and high on life because it seemed like people finally cared and wanted to be around me. I started dating someone from this group pretty much in the first days after this suicide attempt because he refused to leave my side and wanted to make sure I was okay.

Our relationship got very intense very quickly. It was my first relationship ever. I graduated from University basically only with his assistance and then we straight away moved in together and spent 3 years together. Those were probably the best years I had ever had in my entire life. I went off my medication, I stopped seeing my doctor and my psychiatrist. They didn't even help me after my suicide attempt, they didn't care. And I didn't care because I was so happy and safe in that relationship. I thought I had cured myself with positivity.

Well fast forward 2 years after graduation. I had still found no career job and was working in retail. All of my friends in university no longer kept in contact with me. I had my SO and that was it. Eventually I wanted more, I was crying at night because I craved friendships and a fulfilling career/life and I felt like I wasn't getting it. Initially he comforted me but eventually I basically talked him into taking a break from each other.

I moved back in with my parents but we still continued to talk almost every day. He was and is not just my best friend but my only one. I shut myself off from the world, I barely ate or slept, I never left my room except to eat and didn't leave the house at all. Meanwhile he went on this huge cross country road trip and asked me to get my stuff out of his apartment. 

Then I forced myself to change. I moved out to a new place alone all the way across the country to do a diploma program I got into. I thought I have to force myself to live because I can't live at home forever. The first few days were okay but then I saw him because he was passing through on his trip and had some of my things. I realized how much I really needed him back... I was barely coping and feeling suicidal every day. I had started self harming again for the first time in years. It's only been 4 months since we broke up. But he has a new girlfriend already and she's a stable normal person unlike me. He said we had our shot and this relationship could never bounce back because of those months apart, they would always be a blemish. my family told me that breaking up with him was a mistake and that he was the best person that had ever been in my life and thought I was throwing that away. His family told him I was a bitch and to stop talking to me completely and cut me out forever. He was still willing to be friends but by basically crying and begging to take me back and him saying no I think I've ruined even that. And talking to him as a friend was like the only positive part of my life. I am just thrust now back into march 8, 2014. I wish I had succeeded that suicide attempt. I want to try again. I tried posting on instagram, I tried calling my parents and my ex and I tried calling the suicide hotline and honestly nothing helped me. I fucking do have BPD and it's true. My friends all used to tell me they didn't think I did because I was so normal. The therapist I had 3 years ago even told me she thought I was misdiagnosed. Today on the phone I asked my ex and he said, **I think you do have it.** He said I'm sorry but I want to see where things go with this new girl. So that's how it is. 3 years of dating and 4 1/2 years of friendship is nothing and a girl from Tinder he has been on one date with is better than that. I've cried harder than I ever have before. I feel so depressed I'm nauseous. I haven't slept in like 30 hours. I already know I will kill myself sometime in my 20s and succeed, the question is only when. I'm here alone in my room just waiting for him to call me back and even just say, hey I'm worried about you please go to the ER but he won't. If I was dead everyone could finally move on and people would say they cared but they wouldn't. If they cared, where are they now when I basically am begging people to talk to me and they still don't.

I fucked up my whole life and threw away my chance at recovery when I left him. I left him because I knew it would hurt me and I wanted him to be there waiting for me and wanting me back and SURPRISE. He doesn't. So welcome back, BPD. It's like you never left me. I can't wait until I'm gone.