I am tired of my lifeI am so tired, I am crying now while I’m writing this, and my husband has just stopped playing his Nintendo and fell asleep. We got into an argument again, he hates me, he thinks I have destroyed his life. I have no one, my mother was murdered 9 years ago when I was 17, grandmother died few months after, my father told me I am old enough to figure out what to do. I haven’t seen him much before, and never seen him after. Another grandmother is very similar to him. She never cared, and never cares about anyone. All this time I have been in a depression. I lost all my friends. I didn’t get a degree, I was working to pay off mother’s debts. My little sister was taken by a different family who hates me and turned her against me. I shut myself down in my apartment. My husband was with me since my mother’s death. I was looking for someone to love me and found him. I loved him. He wasn’t ready for a relationship with a traumatized person. He is blaming me for being antisocial, blaming for him feeling alone at his gatherings with friends. It’s been 9 years. He hates me more everyday. I can’t leave him, because we are in the joint process of paperwork for immigration. I am tired. He didn’t propose, we married out of convenience. He never hugs me, never talks nicely. He asks me to shut up when I start speaking. He says he wasted his youth because of me. That I am the worst woman and wife he knows. I have started school, I was feeling a little better. Got best results in the class but was the only one who wasn’t accepted for transfer. This hit me so hard. He is saying he feels sorry for me, but in reality he became more aggressive. And even if I would be accepted, I’m not eligible for financial aid because of his salary. I chose to study full time to finish a degree faster so I could escape. All he has now he got from me, and he yells at me for being useless. I’ve sold everything to bring us here, even my mother’s apartment. I was working day and night so he could study. I never asked him for anything when I had money. Now I’m suffering. I need to choose between my mental health and his help with my tuition. I am trying to not give up, apply again, bear with everything, but I can’t do it anymore. My heart aches. My chest is stuffed. I don’t want to go back to my country. I just can’t. I am crying now, I am crying every day and night. I already have my own “pharmacy” at home with all kind of pills. Now I am taking them everyday to sleep day and night and not be in this reality. Nothing helps. I am so lonely, but I don’t trust people. I am failing at everything I am doing. I just can’t anymore. I am tired of my life.