I have lost my desire to live and want to dieHello, I'm not sure where to start, but I am just going to start typing to put the thoughts in my head down in some sort of unorganized manner.  I apologize in advance for my poor grammar and scattered thought process.  I'm currently drunk while typing this after finding out my ex has moved on to another person.  I'm watching football, and that used to make me very happy. I don't care about it today. I'm severely depressed. I don't want to be alive any longer. The only things that keep me going are the fact that I have a wonderful dog who would be devastated and without a home if I passed away, and my mom would be devastated if I passed away.  

I have no job, no potential employment, about $15,000 in student loan debt, a $223 per month car payment, I'm expected to pay $890 at the end of the month for rent, I no longer have health insurance, and I don't have enough to cover those bills in the bank. My ex-girlfriend who was an absolute gift in my life that I never deserved left me a few months ago due to my chronic abuse of marijuana and alcohol on a daily basis, and I am completely unable to get over it. I dream about her a couple times a week, and while I'm awake, the poor decisions that I made while we were in a relationship are daily reminders to me about how shitty of a person I am.  When I dream about her, we are happy, but when I wake up, reality hits me and I'm sad when I wake up almost every morning/afternoon.  She was wonderful and treated me more kindly than any other person I've known.  On top of that, she is absolutely beautiful from head to toe and inside out. She's the only woman I've ever met that doesn't compromise her morals for other people or situations.  I became too much of a burden on her life, and she left me when she went to study abroad in September of this year.  

I've been thinking about killing myself for years, and I don't own a firearm for the fear that I would use it on myself in a moment of complete depression and sadness. 

Since I was a child I was told that I had ADHD, and I was put on a regiment of Ritalin, Concerta, or Adderall (sorry if they are spelled wrong), and I think that's what began my addictive lifestyle. I have quit smoking, but I drink at least 5 days a week. When I'm not drinking, I often think about drinking. I'm unorganized, have months of mail that deals with bills and unpaid taxes and such.  I'm messy and don't know where to start to fix things, so I just ignore them.  My mother is a hoarder, and many of those tendencies have become my own as I grow older.  I hate that about me. I hate most things about me. I often find myself wishing that I had cancer or some debilitating disease so that I have an excuse as to why I feel as hopeless and sad as I do. I keep everything hidden from my family and friends. I justify it by telling myself that I don't want to be a reason for them to be unhappy. I would much rather see and make them happy than bring them down with the problems that plague my mind on a daily basis.  

As far as the things that make me happy go, they are few.  I have recently begun coaching volleyball for 6th, 7th, and 8th graders. I'm not fully qualified yet, so I don't get paid, but coaching is an absolute joy for me. When I coach, all my problems melt away and I'm focused on the issues at hand which are teaching the girls on how to be better at volleyball.  I currently help out an elderly gentleman with his teams because I'm 27 and able to do much more than he is when it comes to the physical demands of coaching.  I am in the process of becoming a qualified coach, but I'm dragging my feet, so to speak, for some reason.  

Today I am thinking about ending my life more than any other.  I have already chosen the place that I would like to do it so as to decrease the shock upon people and family as much as possible.  I have already begun writing the letters and thinking out what I want to say to the people who would be directly affected by my abrupt death.  This post is quite possibly my last outcry to try and save my life.  I have lost every desire to even wake up in the morning. I'm am bombarded and reminded of my problems from financial to emotional as soon as I wake up each day, so that makes me not want to wake up anymore.  

On a daily, and sometimes hourly basis, I remind myself of how much of a loser/failure I am. I have had so many opportunities for further education and employment pass me by, and I feel like there isn't much hope left for me.  I can't make enough money to pay my bills even when I do become a fully qualified volleyball coach so that I can be paid.  I no longer desire to be happy because after my somewhat momentary happiness ends there is always the crippling reminder by my mind of the actual situation that I find myself in.  

I appreciate anyone who reads this as my last outcry to salvage any type of productive/happy life that I might have.  If you can't make a difference in my life, I don't blame you. Most likely I will be dead in a few weeks once the New Years rolls around.  That's my plan at least. 

I view myself as completely undesirable and unwanted from birth to adulthood. I am largely a burden from financial reasons to emotional reasons to the people/family that are involved in my life. 

I could use some help. I want to die, but I want to live at the same time. Life is hard, and I don't know how to function properly as an adult.  If you are reading this for the first time in 2017, then just ignore it because i am most likely already dead.  

Thank you to anyone who has spent their time reading this rambling of thoughts and emotions.  I hope you have a happier life than I have and make more constructive decisions than I have.  I don't believe in God, so I have no hope for the afterlife.  I may fall sleep soon. I've had about 6 shots of vodka since I began writing this.

Thank you, and I'm sorry to burden your life with my problems.   