The story of how my chameleon turned permanently green because of a toy hang glider.I had posted in a fellow lovely person's thread about how if they would call an ambulance after overdosing, I would tell a story about how my pet chameleon turned permanently green after riding a toy hang glider. I know this isn't a suicide post but you guys are my people and I can't just not say it. Thank you for the silver too, I don't think I've ever gotten anything like that.

They might be gone. I hope they aren't. But this is a reminder that most of us.. well shit, I'd say almost all of us in here feel like garbage. I know I do. I was just thinking of the funniest story I possibly could to get them to laugh, even if they were going to be gone. I don't know how they feel but remember not to judge them. I wanna die too, I've lost everything and I'm to the point where I've gone into almost something of a calm because I might be lucky enough to say goodbye soon. I know my brain is attacking me but I'm so tired. So so tired. 

This thread is for you, my friend. You may never respond, you may respond but I want you to know that although life doesn't get better for some of us, I genuinely love you &amp; everyone else too. I don't believe in heaven but I am dumb and think theres a place for all of us who encountered this feeling eventually, a nice place. We will know each other once again and even if I'm wrong, I know most of us are, so I'm nothing special baby.

So, story time. This story is one I think of sometimes to try to hold on a few more hours. It is 100000000% true and funnier than I can even explain.

So, I'm super young, not even 9 or 10 yet and I had a pet chameleon. It is awesome and I named it Cammy because.. well, chameleon plus the character from street fighter. This is maybe 19 years ago or so. Well their name became Greenie very quickly.

I'm hanging out with my little brother who is a year younger &amp; we are bored. I am reading like I usually am but this kid, I can tell he is up to no good. He was like a moth giving a tiki torch some side eye. A pig about to order a BLT. An innocent kid about to play hotline Miami. Normally I would just walk away and let him create some disaster of his own but I stuck around, wanting to see what shit he was gonna get himself into. 

This kid.. he takes our chameleon and lightly (Cammy wasn't injured... except mentally) tapes his front legs to this hang glider toy. I was petrified and told him not to do it because although shit was getting real, it was getting too real for me.

Too late. This motherfucker tosses him gently and THE HANGGLIDER GRACEFULLY GOES DOWN SEVERAL STORIES, while I am thinking my chameleon just got fucking killed. I thought Cammy was a goner. Nope. We go downstairs from our apartment complex and dude is just chilling in the grass and has turned bright green. I pick him up, he is just not moving but is breathing and clearly alive and physically fine. I'm calling my brother a shithead, saying he is lucky he's not a komodo dragon, etc. Dude runs back upstairs and meanwhile, I have our chameleon and put him back in his glass den of sorts.

That chameleon lived several more years and never changed color again. It stayed permanently green and actually outlived another lizard we had, who never went through trauma.

To this day, when I am feeling suicidal as I usually am, I will sometimes think of that and be like "God damn that shit was funny" and although it doesn't change anything and I'm on my last steps, I know that there's a good chance I've seen the craziest shit ever and no one can take that from me. Plus it was fucking hilarious, come on. I know, I know, it's an animal but fucking hell, the chameleon was fine and there's some humor to everyday from that point going "I don't think he can change color now" for years. And when we finally told our dad what my brother did.