I SUCK (rant)so idk why im doing this but i dont have anyone to comfortably tell this to so why not the whole internet...

ive prolly been suicidal since i was 4. when i was 4 i had to watch my mom and cousin be murdered. my other cousin is still mentally and physically handicapped to this day due to this event, while i escaped with only a fully fractured head

( just backstory above)

ever since then ive felt guilty because my experience was so much less compared to everyone elses. after the event various family members would tell me i should have dies instead or you shouldnt be alive or i wish they were here instead of you or you have no reason to have pity when the other family members had to go through so much more and things along these lines. i understand why they said it though. i agree. if only i had dies instead my sisters could have a mom and they could stop crying themselves to sleep, anxiety problems, having breakdowns. if i had dies my dad could have his one and only true love and he could stop being sad but hiding it because he wants to be strong for us. sometimes i think why couldnt i save them so that they could still be alive. the reason is because im a terrible, weak, selfish, conceited, no good person. i saved myself but not them.  

after the funeral and everything is when i began to be abused verbally physically mentally it all ran together. through this i could see how much pain my life caused the people around me. i knew if i was going to help anyone it would be to kill myself so they could at least not have a reminder of the event. cause thats what i am,  a reminder of the day my dad lost his wife, my siblings lost their mom, my grandparents lost their daughter, my aunts and uncles lost their sibling, it goes on and on. the scars that run over my skull are a reminder that i lived and my torture couldnt have been as bad as theirs because im here and they arent.

so a month after the deaths i tried to slit my wrists. i was so stupid. me, a four year old, thinking you have even power to cut deep enough for you to die. i couldnt cut far enough before i cried in pain. so then it was treated and i had to say i was trying to cut some fruit and the knife slip. how my family believed that i dont know. so then life went on and no one knows that it wasnt an accident

ii had breakdown after breakdown years after that. but i had to do it where no one could see me cause i didnt want to cause pain to anyone around me. i had to act fine and unaffected until i was called "robot" by family and friends. but i did have emotions i just didnt want to express them. 

since then i never wanted to be happy cause i fell like it would be an insult to my mom and cousin and the people around me. how can she be happy when she made the people around her hurt so much. i dont think ive ever been happy and i take pride in that. if i never have been happy then im not taking away the happiness my mom or cousin could have experienced .  

i didnt fully try to comment suicide again until last year. i didnt want to experience pain though. which made it worse. my family members dies because of the pain they had to endure and i couldnt even slit my wrists so i could bleed out. i couldnt experience the pain of feeling bleach going down my throat . i couldn't endure the few seconds of felling the breath being taken away from me by strangling. so i chose the only unpainful way i knew. i oded on a combination of so many pills. but i got saved and the doctors said the only reason you lived is cause you didnt chose the right combination of pills. so theres another thing i failed at. i couldnt even chose the right pills so i could die. i was out of school for a month and didnt contact anyone while i was gone. the only ones that knew anything happened was my dean and the teachers knew it was a medical reason but didnt know the details.

while i was in the hospital i was alone all the time so i began seeing how i could kill myself even while being monitored. i saw how this girl killed herself by starvation.       i had finally found something i knew i could accomplish  and would have at least a little pain in it so i could give what my family members gave. so i slowly stopped eating. i was aloud to wear my own clothes so i just got baggy colthes so i wouldne be revealed. i acted happy when i recieved food so everyone would not be suspicous. then at the end of mystay i got weighed again. when i went i was 110 which is already underweight. when i got out i was 89. all the doc and therapists were all shocked but they legally had to let me go home. i stayed for a week at home with my parents until i went back to school. when i walked in everyone just stopped then my best friend came up to me and said are you  ghost we all thought you were dead which made me hurt so much. i should have been dead. then she realized how small i was and was like what happened but i couldnt tell her. the whole day i heard whispers of how bad i looked and how skinny i had gotten and how i looked like i was about to collaspe. i felt like that too. 

then i got admitted to a eating hospital. so i got better im better know but then i have people telling me how bad i look know that im a healthy weight so i im going to start starvation again. i hope i can finally accomplish something and  successfully do it. we will see 

&amp;#x200B;

so yeah idk why i said all that or if this i even the right place to post but oh well