I'm 26 and a failure at everything. Tired of the abuse since I was a kid. Looking to end all the pain soon just need to talk to a human being tooI have failed at everything. I'm 26 years old, and I have failed. 

I was abused from age 0-19 by my mom, and from age 19 to present by my mom and step dad. 

I remember telling the teachers in school about it and they did nothing. I've never had friends my entire life, I remember when I told one of my teachers I was going to kill myself in the sixth grade she told me just to get back to work. My mom pulled me out of school as punishment when I was in the 10th grade. She made me sign papers that I was dropping out. 

whenever I went to work I was always yelled at and screamed at I work in fast food and retail and I always had to deal with bullies in the workplace. When you see so much so ugly as me, ugly and fat just disgusting, it's easy to pick on people like me. 

I went and got my GED and a two-year degree and joined a new career field. But it isn't for me. I've had to deal with nothing but bullies in my workplace. I don't understand mechanical stuff I just became a CAD operator because I like wanted the money to move out. 

And now here we are at the end of 2020. 

I have only been known as a failure my whole life, everyone hits me yells at me screams at me calls me a failure in the workplace and a failure as a son. 

I remember trying to draw something for my boss and they made fun of me and said I was stupid and should join a different career field. 

I've worked seven jobs in this career field and have been fired from all of them. 

Seven jobs in this career field and the time span of just eight or nine months. having to deal with people calling me a failure at work saying I can't draw that I need to change my career field

I'm sorry I don't even want to work in this career field I just wanted the money so I could move out. 

But it doesn't matter anymore. here we are at the end of 2020 I haven't worked since October and I will not work in this career field anymore

I hate looking in the mirror and seeing this fat ugly monster

I want to know what it's like to have a friend, I've never in my entire life had friends my mom would never allow me to have friends as a kid. As an adult I never learned how to make friends, I'm honestly scared of people cuz I know everyone will hurt me. 

Like I said when you see someone who is fat and ugly, you will judge them. Everyone judges people even if we don't admit it. No one wants to be friends with someone who makes the hunchback of Notre Dame look like Elvis Presley. 

I'm 26 years old, I'm trapped in this hell. Just last week my stepdad got mad at something, think he accidentally broke a tool. So he took it out on me. I have bruises and scars all over my body. 

I'm 26 years old, I keep getting hurt and yelled at. Used as a punching bag, never held another humans hand. For years I've had to eat from a bucket. whenever they eat and whatever leftovers they have they put it in a bucket for the animals and I have to eat from the bucket too. Sorry I'm rambling just so much to talk about I haven't spoken to another human in months. 

I mean do you know what it's like as a little kid to sleep outside in a dog house? How about as a 26-year-old? I'm not even allowed my own bed in this house. I have a room I can stay under in the day but at night I have to sleep outside. 

I'm always scared and I have to stay in my room and I hate it. I'm trapped like an animal, all I want now is death to release me from this prison. 

I want to die. Please someone come kill me, I'm too much of a coward to kill myself. I'm scared it'll hurt. I'll give you my address please just come kill me. If no one will do it I'll do it but I'm just scared of not succeeding. 



i guess I should make a more coherent timeline. Idk. I just don't know how to start. My mom and step dad will be home soon. I can't be on the computer when they're here. I will login late tonight if they don't stay up too late. If anyone of you wants my address let me know just make it quick. If no one does I'll figure out how to use one of his guns tomorrow. 

I know they won't be here tomorrow so it'll make it easier to figure out how to use a gun and kill myself.