Hello. My girlfriend and I need some help with her mother.Hi suicidewatch. I'm sorry if the first thing I'm doing is requesting something from such a wonderful community. I suppose that a better person would have been on here helping every once in awhile. But as it stands, I need some advice, and I was hoping that your expertise could guide my girlfriend and I through a tough time. Trying to maintain some privacy, I'll tell the story as best I can. 

My girlfriend (let's call her Amanda) and I are moving out of the country. I am almost 30 while she is 25. We will be gone for at least 6 months, and perhaps more. Amanda's mother is suicidal. I know very little little about suicide. Her mother (let's call her Mrs. Sarah) first tried to kill herself in '08. This was before Amanda and I were together. Amanda was living in the same town as Mrs. Sarah, though not the same house. By all accounts it was a very real attempt. She had taken a large amount of a variety of pills. She was found by her 3rd husband unconscious (well, worse than unconscious, but why go into that) in their bed. According to doctors, if he had been any later she wouldn't have survived.

Fast forward to this summer. Amanda and I were living together in another state than Mrs. Sarah. We made our plans to travel out of the country. Mrs. Sarah came to visit. She was very pleasant and jovial. Amanda went to spend the last month with her family. I joined her to spend a week there. It was a lovely visit. I returned home. Skyping last week Amanda told me that she had just been informed by the husband that Mrs. Sarah had attempted a second time over the summer. This was kept from Amanda by Mrs. Sarah's request. Now there are only a few days until Amanda joins me with my family and then a week until we leave the country. Tonight Mrs. Sarah had been drinking. Crying in the tub she told Amanda that she plans on killing herself while we're gone, and that "Amanda will be better off without her [Mrs. Sarah]."

Amanda is very stoic about the whole thing. I keep telling her that we don't have to go; that money isn't a reason to leave her mother while she is in such a state. But Amanda refuses to have her mother's emotional crisis turn into her emotional crisis. Amanda is demanding that we go. I'm not sure what to think. While Amanda is very guarded on this topic, she will admit that she thinks her mother wants her affection. Mrs. Sarah told Amanda that, "She [Amanda] doesn't need her [Mrs. Sarah]." 
To which Amanda replied, "Do you [Mrs. Sarah] need me [Amanda] to need you?" She said "yes."

I'm no psychologist, but it's unfair that Mrs. Sarah is so starved of Amanda's affection. Amanda is one of the most loving people. And while I don't claim to know everything of their relationship, I have seen how loving Amanda is to her. And by her stories, she has always been. I don't know what else Amanda could do to be there for her mother. I think us staying makes sense, but honestly, I don't know if it would actually make much of a difference. Whether or not Mrs. Sarah really is starving for Amanda's love, it is as though she has lost the capacity to accept it.

I'm sorry this is so long. I hope I've been clear. I hope I don't sound too dispassionate. I don't know what my role should be. I don't know what I can do to help either of them. In a way I feel like my girlfriend is already giving up on her. It is out of a frustration that no matter how much she tries, Mrs. Sarah refuses to help herself. I don't want to paint Amanda poorly though. She really has been very good to everyone involved in this. I don't even know what I expect you to do or say reddit, but please give me some advice if you can. I'll be on here for as long as I can monitoring, but it is already late. Thank you ahead of time.

-worryierthrwway