Thinking about killing myself daily almost hourlyI'm in a big rut in every imaginable way, financially, spiritually, romantically. Nothing is truly horrible about my life I know that but the monotony has become maddening the only solace I find anymore is the relief I find in thoughts of dying. I've tried branching out and doing new things but almost to a comical level things blow up in my face. I've felt like I was cursed for a while but I quickly realised that was just me being a pussy, curses are real what's holding me back is my worldview and attitudes. That's somehow worse I've decided I suppose because that's my fault. I've lied to people I love dearly it feels like I hurt everyone who tried to help me and they are so amazing the more I push them away the harder they cling to me despite the pain. I don't do drugs I drink occasionally I'm not violent at all, in fact I'm kind of a coward and avoid conflicts like the plague I know that if I can just remove myself everyone I love will feel that pain for a long time but they will pull themselves through and become stronger for it. I know in my bones this would be the one good thing that has ever come from me being alive, I hope that I'm forgotten completely this anonymous post being my final statement to a world that doesn't care about my shit my plan is to burn a bunch of charcoal in my sealed off bathroom it seems like the least painful way. I hope that I can be forgiven somehow for all the things I did and didn't do but these are meaningless platitudes I know there just isn't any point to any of it.

TLDR: My life is horrible because I make it horrible awesome people love me with all their hearts and I ruin in and hurt them gonna burn charcoal in a sealed room until I am nothing.

PS I will monitor this hoping someone has an answer I'm not after a pity party I just want hope, and maybe someone out there has something that will click in my head. I don't want to die but feel like I have to for the people that love me that I drag down constatnly.