I feel trapped? Too tired to move on. Just wish it was over.So ten years ago, at the age of 14, I decided I wanted to be a doctor.

I had to take a gap year before I got into medical school and I was miserable the whole year. I worked a terrible job, had no money, and basically just slept and worked. But I got in. And I wasn't even excited, making me think I was depressed before I even started and it just got worse. 

So I'm wrapping up my first year and actually doing rather well. A's and B's. So I'm not failing out. But lately, I don't feel like getting out of bed. Taking a shower seems like a huge task. I don't enjoy any of my hobbies. And I keep taking risks in real life and I think I realized I don't care if I live or die. Life seems so long and hard. I don't want to kill myself but I sort of wish I never existed at all.

I have no friends. My family barely ever talks to me. I actually drove up to see them over my break and none of them wanted to hang out.

I feel so alone. I used to feel so passionate about helping people and found medicine so interesting. Now I don't care. But I'm so invested financially that'll I be ruined if I quit. I'd be buried in loans. And I know how much harder life could be from my gap year. So basically fear of that life keeps me studying and forcing myself to show when I have to be in class.

But I know for a fact that if I would fail out, I'd kill myself. I'd make it look like an accident though so my family wouldn't be as sad.

I can't tell if my lack of motivation is purely depression or if I really want to quit after all this work.

I don't know anymore. Maybe once every few days I get this huge swell of emotion and cry and think about how I want to keep going so I can help people someday. Other days I feel numb and empty. I can barely put a sentence together without sounding crazy.

I am too poor to seek help. Plus, despite what they say, I know that med students and doctors aren't treated like normal people. We get the boot if we act weak. Or we get a mark on our record that we can't handle stress, which doctors must be able to do.

I think a small part of me might still want to live but it is getting smaller and smaller.

I have no money to travel over the upcoming and last summer break of my life. Nothing to do. I don't know how I can last the summer alone.
