Anyone else just feel that suicide is their inevitable?When I was 16 years old (2015) I journalled. I sort of wanted to see my character development and for good reason. Now, with covid-19 and all the time in the world, I did some 'spring cleaning' in my room to clear my head and I found my journal. I flipped through what was predominantly puerile stories of your typical, happy-go-lucky teenage girl. So much so that I found an entry that hit me like a tonne of bricks. 

"I always see these posts on social media, these depressing ones, e.g. "I want to curl up in a ball and die". How does a person feel like this and what causes it? Note! I do not feel like that."

I was so naive. 

I am 21 now. I have not been diagnosed with anything because I am too much of a coward to seek help. As much as I loathe self-diagnosing I know that I have multiple things wrong with me. I am so, so fucked up in the head. In a matter of 5 years my life has been turned upside down. I stay up until my family is asleep so that I can cry in my room with nobody to bother me, I fantasise about my death, I fake every single smile and I regularly have spontaneous bouts of anger. I do my best to please others but I am always the second option. Frankly, I am enjoying being forced to stay at home because that means I don't have to see anybody, go to work or university and feel anxious about how people will perceive me. I always feel the need to distance myself and that has led me to delete all social media (except Facebook for university group chats) but that does not stop me from aimlessly scrolling on it and seeing people my age getting married and having children when I have never even had a first kiss. Everyone I know describe me as a very 'smiley' person. Guess I do a good job at hiding it. But I do not know if I can do it much longer. I feel very, very alone and honestly, I do not see myself living past 30. And, if nothing else kills me by then I will just end up killing myself. It is my inevitable.