I don't know what to do anymoreI was suicidal for a while. Then i managed to pull myself back. I sometime still cut but I am generally trying really hard to fight my depression. But it is such a struggle when my parents just can't stop criticizing me about every single thing I do.

 I honestly cannot stand my parents. Especially my mom. They think my entire life must just be spent trying to get good grades and becoming skinny. Like every single day my mom will constantly say you're fat, you look so ugly, you are a dumb bitch and the list goes on. 

Every semester I do get somewhat good grades. My lowest gpa in my entire life is 3.75 and that is substabtially higher than a lot of people. And yet, everytime i get my results, my suicidal thoughts would come flooding back. Why? Well it's because my mom will constantly say and i quote " Why dont you just kill yourself. You are useless. Why are you even in my house. Why can't you just run away ?" And she will continue shaming me for my grades and basically criticizes my entire existence. 

Today i gave her my results from my past terms exams and i got the same treatment. But the difference was that today i was and still am really sick. I lost my voice and I have a 100 °F fever. And yet my mom screams at me and then says i should not rest and that i do not deserve to be alive, let alone rest. So she forced me to do household chores with my aching muscles and said i needed to know how bad it was to get such low marks and this was my punishment. Also she grounded my for the entire year and also said I cant go for prom( which she knew i was really looking forward to)

She also constantly calls me a cheater, liar, good for nothing, retarded and a lot of other things. I havent gotten any help for my mental health because I am too afraid to go against what she says ( Im only 15 and in grade 11 so i have a while until i can be an adult... also in my country you can only drive at 17) . I dont know i I should kill myself or run away or do anything . Part of me knows what my mom is doing is wrong while the other half says she is a parent and has a right to do all of this and i should listen to her and just end it all.