Why stick around? No, I'm not suicidal. Too afraid.So this is one of my many accounts(I'm 24), I'm using it to type questions in regards to help. Today has been enough. I had a reddit account banned for trolling(didn't harm anyone).. Because I can't keep anything covered. My apartment basement has a bathroom pump leak and I spent 1 hour cleaning shit and the plumbers are still here fixing it. My parents are having an awful day at work and I will get the brunt of it with this bathroom situation. 

I have a ton wrong with me. I'm a broken person and can't be fixed. I have autism... I wish I was woman.. However transgenderism is bullshit, please don't talk me into it being real, I'm really trying to get over it and one of my accounts was banned for impersonated a woman, I feel lower than shit right now. 

I have attempted suicide before in 2012.. I didn't do it because I'm afraid of not existing after death. 

I really don't get the point. The older you get, the more you live you begin to see life is a joke. Not even just my insignificant problems.. I know there are people getting blown to pieces, starving to death, politicians being scum of the earth... Its a ton of things that I know I don't need to repeat because we all know these issues, but do nothing about them. 

Comedian Doug Stanhope said it the best "Life is precious... To who?." I think I should just embrace the fact I'm a demented fucking loser freak. Humans have a low chance at not being extinct... So maybe I will be LOOOONG forgotten in 100 years, it would be a relief. 

I feel like a basketball player who sits on the bench.. And gets paid to not play games. Where's the adventure? The Thrill? Real friendship? Real love? None of this shit is real, we all want to act like it is. So I got caught for bringing shame to a woman's subreddit for being a freak. Well lets all celebrate! 

Its not just this issue, it has been my whole life. I have had fake friend. A terrible emotional neglecting mother, a alcoholic father and a yelling panzy of  step father. I have NOTHING. No savings, no place of my own. So I don't understand... I will probably be dead at age 72.. So 1/3 into life and nothing is working.. Why stay?