21 loser wants to dieIm a 21 year loser who wants to die. 

Im in college all alone. Everyone has friends to hangout with and help with classes while i struggle alone. Im a shy person and my college doesnt have much of a campus so everyone is always on the move. My grades were great before college. I was a goid student but know im one of the worst.

I feel inferior to my friends. They all have their own friends at their colleges. Theyre all i have but theyre leaving me behind. They all lead such great lives but i cant. I feel like i dont fit in. All i know is video games, but they talk about girls, music, and sports. Im not athletic and im not good at talking to girls in a social setting (ex of me being a loser). They have/had girlfriends and played sports while i cant do anything.

My family is no help. My parents are very controlling. If things arent the way they see it then its wrong. I live with them now so they dont pay for dorms. My little sister is finishing her first year of college and they go on about how proud they are. Everyone in my family says the same and neglects me. She always did better than me at everything schoolwise, which wat mattered to my parents.

I tried therapy, but due to an argument with my mom i had to stop. Drinking and weed helps, but my parents dont like alcohol in the house. I only smoke with my friends since im not comfident in buying my own weed. When i tried carrying my own and smoked on my own with weed im brought through my friedns my parents eventually found out. This was the best for me since i wasnt sad all the time, but that ended. 


I gave up on life. Im all alone. My friends dont notice ive been less active. My parents yell at me telling me to fix myself. I plan to kill myself after i finish college. I plan to get a gun license. If not use an exit bag. I thought about jumping into the tracks even. Ive waited for the train and thought "i could kill myself right now." I havent tried anything because i dont want it to fail. I scared tho. Why am i like this. So fucked up and a loser. I wish i was never born. I wish i could die. Im cant handle this life anymore.


