I'm(M23) Still in love with my ex(F23). I think I put most of my self-worth into our relationship, and now I can't find any reason to not hate myself.I've (M23) struggled with depression to different degrees over the past several years. My relationship with (we'll call her Sarah (F23) ended pretty abruptly a few months ago, after being together for almost 3 years (with about 9 months separated in the middle). 

Basically, we came to a stale-mate about one of my best friends (female) moving in with me. Because of my anxiety it's very stressful for me to be around most people, but this friend (we'll call her Jen(F21) is someone I've known for about 6 years and feel very safe around. We've never been involved romantically, or even had any sexual tension over those 6 years. Jen needed a place to stay as she's attending a university close to me. I really needed a roommate (for money and sanity reasons). It just made a lot of sense to me.

Now I knew Sarah wasn't exactly excited about the prospect of Jen moving in with me, but I thought it would be something we could work through. Sarah told me she wasn't worried about me cheating (I believe her) so that's not what this is about. The last time we had talked about it she said that it was fine for her to move in, even though she didn't really love the idea.

So a month or so later, things are moving forward with Jen moving in. I tell Sarah that it's probably going to happen, and she storms out of the house without saying a word or answering any of my calls. She comes back an hour later and starts screaming at me for betraying her wishes and not "fighting for me." I'm pretty floored at the level of her response.

Long story short, we argue about this for the next week. Our relationship was on the rocks for the month before this all happened, too. She eventually gives me an ultimatum- either her or Jen. She felt like I was throwing the relationship away (and I felt the same about her.) We broke up, painfully. It made sense to me at the time, and I still understand why it happened. 

The problem is that I'm still in love with her. She occupies my thoughts constantly and I can't get away from the feeling that I ruined my *best chance* at happiness. We were so good together until we weren't. 

We met up once after the breakup (about a month ago) and she said she wasn't angry at me, and we came to the conclusion that we just moved too fast and expected different things out of the relationship. She seems to be doing well, has a good social life and just got a promotion at her job. I'm struggling to get through each and every day.

My only motivation to get better is for her. I know that if I had another shot and I was healthy we would be able to make it work. I know the breakup wasn't all my fault, but if I was stronger I could have prevented it. We cared about each other so deeply. The happiest moments I've had in the last couple months have been dreaming that we're together, only to wake up alone and be crushed.

Yesterday I texted her and asked if we could meet up again soon. She said "Honestly I think if there's any shot of us being friends we need to give it more time, for both of our sakes. That's not a no, just not any time soon."

I don't think I'll ever be able to just be her friend. It would be too painful. I don't love myself enough to take care of myself. My only motivation to keep going is how much I still love her. If we can't be together, what's the point of trying?