I have an issue, I can't seem to fix itI have a major issue with myself. It's present everywhere in my life but it tends to really show itself with school. I have a procrastination problem, if it could even be called that, seeing as half the time the stuff never gets done. I know I have an issue with this, and I know the repercussions of procrastination, or in this case, just not doing work. That's the same reason I want to kill my self sometimes, I'm just wasting mine and everyone else's time. I'm putting myself and my family in a debt for nothing by going to college, and it hurts.

I don't know where this issue came from, how it started, or anything like that. It's just been with me for the longest time. High school was different, I was luckily pretty good at testing and passed high school with a 1.7 GPA. I was also lucky enough to get into a decent college with that GPA due to excellent SAT scores.  I had so many chances given to me and I blew them all. 

The problem itself works in interesting ways, I'll convince myself I'll do it later, even when I know I won't. I'll convince myself I'll wake up early to do it, and even if I do I'll convince myself I don't have enough time so I won't try.  I used to think it was a computer thing, that the computer was too distracting, but removing it doesn't help. I find other things, and if I can't, I'll just sleep.  I have a final today that I start in 30 minutes. I told myself I would study this morning, and just never did. Even right now I don't know if this is just another way for me to avoid doing my work, as I normally just internally deal with this shit.

I know what I'm doing to myself, I feel actually sick right now, knowing I'm going into a test to fail and that it's all my fault. I feel sick to waste mine and my parents money for sending me to college. I feel sick knowing that I have this major issue. And I'm just tired of feeling sick and torturing myself. But I know I have the problem, and I also know I don't have the solution.