My late diagnose of autism ruined my youth, my parents tried to hide my autism, I just can't accept it. I suffered a lot of injustice.I was diagnosed with autism when I was 18, before I just wasn't myself. The primary school was okay, I was still able to function fairly socially and I had quite a few friends. I was almost never bullied. High school was hell, I did not have any friends and you could see on my face that I was very bothered by the environment (I always looked angry). I could not function at all socially, people became angry / frustrated with me because having a conversation was not really going and never could / dared to say something in class and thus became a target of bullying. People wondered several times what was wrong with me, but I didn't know it myself (but it was my autism). The last 2 years of high school I was completely isolated from the rest and severely depressed, social just did not work at all. People were walking over me, I was quite anxious at school. As I describe it, living with autism without knowing it is like you are using a device without knowing how to use it because you miss the user manual, and i was kind of like a zombie. By the way, I did finish school. At My follow-up education, I also had no friends and it was a repetition exercise, but even worse, not much difference was also bullied. And when I was done with that I was at home for a year, I didn't want anything. Then I talked to the doctor who had me diagnosed for autism through someone. And then all the puzzle pieces fell into place, it feels like I've missed a part of my life. My parents also tried my whole life hiding my autism, because my mom was ashamed that she had another child whith autism, my older brother was diagnosed at the age of 4-6. My parents never talked about autism so I did not know anything about it. My dad also has autisme but he refuses to give in, he knew at a late age he had autism. He wanted the same thing happen to him with me, he also screamed a lot at me and beaten me up a lot as a kid. I am so down/depressed.