Really getting to that point. Just need to unload.Yes, I just created this. Too many people know my usual handle so I made up a throwaway because I don't really want people to know. 


Heads up, sentence structure and order be damned. I'm unloading as it comes, so don't expect much in the way of formatting. 

Anyway, as I sit here popping another painkiller, I wonder what the hell I did in my life that got me to this point. 
I'm 26, married, Veteran going to college for my literal dream job. and I can't make ends meet. I've looked for work and nobody wants to hire a college student, so I've put in applications doing career type work that looks like it's going to go through. I just don't have my heart into it and fear getting stuck in that job so I'll never have a chance to do my dream job again. 

My wife works her ass off, and I can't even find a part time job. We just got a nice "love note" from our apartment complex saying they're going to court tomorrow because we can't pay our rent. The VA shorted us last month for our housing allowance and this isn't going to be much better. I feel like I should have stayed in the Service. It was soul crushing but at least the paychecks weren't bad. The Veterans Affairs are more concerned with numbers than actually giving a care about Vets, the sterotypes are all true there. 

It's just a defeating feeling, and I'm not trying to come off as "woe is me" begging for pity. That's not my style. I have to ask my -younger- sister for money tomorrow. Just to continue to struggle. Not even to get ahead or anything. It's not like my wife and I live large or "American" style of going out to eat for every meal and charging everything to credit cards. I drive a beatup 93 pickup truck and she has a POS honda civic that's beyond it's last leg. It needs about Five major things on it that we just can't afford. 

I feel like a bum, loser and failure. This Summer my best friend killed himself for very similar reasons. I see now why he did it. I told myself I'd never follow in his footsteps and I'm imagining my belt around my neck more and more now as a sensible action. 

Well, I've unloaded enough. To everyone out there with ridiculous financial troubles, you have my sympathy and hope that you all can overcome them. Goodnight SW, a shitstorm awaits tomorrow. 