Today’s my 18th birthday. To celebrate, I’m going to kill myself.I’m so tired. I hate everything I am and my mind won’t stop screaming at me. It won’t shut up about how worthless and stupid and all the other bad things I am. I can’t feel anything but guilt and numbness. It’s so loud.

People have avoided me and called me weird for as long as I can remember. I don’t have any friends left in real life because I sabotage all my relationships to avoid feeling vulnerable.

I have Tourette’s and BDD and OCPD and really severe ADHD and I’ve only grown out of kleptomania relatively recently. I don’t think there’s anything good underneath all the shittiness that’s accumulated in me over the years. I dropped out of high school because I just couldn’t handle what everybody else was able to. I left the Mormon church and became an atheist because I couldn’t live up to all the expectations.

I know I’m smart, but somehow that makes me feel worse. I’m totally dysfunctional and smart people are supposed to be good at things. I can’t make myself do anything, I’m just an idiot who’s in way over her head. I feel so lazy and stupid. I wanted to have a career in astronomy, stellar spectroscopy in particular, but if history’s taught me anything, it’s that I wouldn’t be able to succeed in that or anything else no matter how hard I tried. Math is one of the only things I enjoy anymore and I’m not even good at it.

I can’t stand feeling so empty and panicky all the time. I’m a controlling, anxious, remorseless asshole.

I started taking Wellbutrin (450 mg) during my last depressive episode in September 2017. It helped way more than Prozac, which made me even more anxious, and Cymbalta, which made me suicidal. I was still depressed on Wellbutrin but much less so. My emotions were just dampened, not totally gone like they are now. I felt so much better.

My guess is that since my depression makes me so exhausted and numb, I need both dopamine and norepinephrine, but my serotonin levels are generally fine so messing with them fucks everything up. The Wellbutrin’s lost effectiveness though. As far as I know, 450 mg is the maximum dose. I don’t know how else to fix myself.

I’ve hated myself for most of my life. I remember hating myself in preschool. I don’t think I was meant to live this long. I’ll be giving natural selection a hand.

I’m exhausted so I cant tell whether or not this is too convoluted to read. It probably is. Sorry.