Unexplainable FeelingsI'm a 16 year old junior and I've thought of numerous ways to kill myself and just make these terrible thoughts in my head go away, my luck with forums is that nobody actually responds to me but it feels good to write about this either way. It'll be over soon. My depression ( i hate that word so fucking much but its the only word that will sort of describe my feelings) started freshman year of high school, I was always the kid that was trying to make other kids laugh, the annoying class clown. However freshman year changed everything it was as if I was a completely different person, i had different feelings different interests, everything changed i wasn't myself anymore. Of all the people that i was aquainted with nobody really gave a shit except for my best friend, mainly because he went through the same thing, in his own way. Anyways freshman year ended and I became a sophomore and that year was a lot worse, however there were a couple months of that year where i didn't cry myself to sleep. Those months were the best months of my life. Unfortunately it all came back and I'm in my junior year right now and ive gotten really close with my guidance counselor. My sister who graduated a long time(as valedictorian ) knew him and they always talked, she still talks to him till this day. Anyways he took a personal interest in me once i entered high school and he noticed this sudden change of behavior i have had. My thoughts are so scrambled because i dont know what to say, i have to much to say, writing a novel would be better. I always feel sorry for myself and im always so nihilistic. Once my guidance counselor finally realized what had happened, he would always talk to me and say your sister has my number if you ever need anything. I once brought up being suicidal and i wish i never did, he looked at me differently and i sort of liked that, i liked that he felt fucking bad for me. Why the fuck? What kind of person thinks like that? Whenever he'd talk to me or anything id say im okay but i liked that he was persistent and kept coming back. I dont think i kept doing that because i wanted to feel better and needed help, i just liked being the fucking victim and making him feel bad for me. Whenever I've thought about suicide i think about what kind of effect it would have on my family, and when id think about it id sorta like it because i thought about everyone in my family crying, I'm not a normal fucking person. The only reason i havent killed myself yet is because i want to see what my fucked up brain can accomplish, and hey if it never works out and i dont become a surgeon like i want to, which will probably never happen (i have shit grades), i can always kill myself then. Im not going to read this through and go over all my mistakes because itll only make me feel worse, ive missed a shit load of things that are indescribable. Anyways yeah.