My fiancé remembers a lot of what we did together as a couple, and I can’t remember shit. I can barely remember my log-ins. I can’t believe I forgot about everything...So, Yeah. Title expresses it pretty much.


We were on our way home from eating, and he told me to play a song. I played it and he asked, ‘Remember when I played this for you on your 25th birthday, and you got mad?’ I sheepishly said ‘No I don’t remember. Sorry...’ He kept saying how he remembers everything we did, and I just sat in the car and felt horrible. I felt terrible that I forgot. I need to feel real happiness. I haven’t felt that since I was a kid, and I was ignorant to the world. I was in a bubble of protection then. Now, not so much. When we drove to eat, we were saying how we take stuff for granted. Maybe I took my life for granted.

We were so happy. Nothing but us. I feel bad for not remembering but since I became...this...this bad...I just haven’t really felt true happiness. It made me want to crawl into a cave and kill myself.  I forgot my 25th birthday. I have forgotten most of my birthdays. Soon I’ll even forget my 27th. I’ve already forgotten my 26th. My 27th is a bit blurry, to be honest. I don’t want to forget anymore birthdays, but when you physically don’t feel happiness and all you feel is pain, you forget the good. I know I’m ‘writing a novel,’ but I feel like I should remember. I haven’t got the slightest clue as to what happiness is, I have forgotten most my friggin life, and I’m deep in a well that’s out in the rain, with no way out. My parents yell at me for forgetting the things I should remember. Like it’s my fault, and it actually is. My brain isn’t working like it should. Depression doesn’t cause just a deep sadness. It creates problems. Like forgetfulness. Like me. You try and try and try to get out, but it’s damn near impossible.


I feel like maybe people will forget I exist like I forget my past birthdays. My fiancé was so proud of himself for remembering my birthday, even. I feel like this world doesn’t need me. No one wants me here, anyways. What am I in relation to this world, anyway? I’m just another human being, another air taker and resource guzzler. I’m a waste of time. I’m forgetful as fuck and I feel not needed. Maybe it’s time to leave this Earthz