I'm finally at peace with the idea of ending my lifeHi all, I don't know if I just want somewhere to vent or what.. But there's some stuff on my mind that I don't know how to talk about with the people in my life..  

So there's been multiple times in my life where I've not wanted to be here. Ive been on antidepressants briefly when I was 16 and my dad was having an affair, since then I've had a history of self-harming, reckless spending and turning to alcohol to escape.
It's been getting better, I haven't selfharmed since mid2018.
In late 2018 I met someone and they turned my perspective on life around, we have the same taste on everything, we clicked instantly, we never fought and just fit together like 2 puzzle pieces. As this went on I could easily see us spending the rest of our lives together. We're talking about moving in and saving up money and our future holidays, everything's great. This is where my reckless spending and debts became an issue, I never realised the actual cost before... I just paid it off each month and never thought about it. I organised an iva to begin at the start of Feb. So the debt bit was vaguely sorted, atleast theres an end in site now.. But broke up out of nowhere at the start of Feb because of some personal stuff for her and my debt issue. 

Since then I just can't see a point to go on, I'm plodding through the days and they feel empty, I feel hollow. I've lost my other half and I've never felt heartbreak like that before. I still live with my parents because of said debt. Now my credit rating is fucked for 6 years from the iva, so this complicates my plans of moving out... I'd have to rely on everything being in someone else's name and I don't know hpw feasible it is
... But I loathe the idea of being stuck at home till I'm nearly 34. So that's my sob story, all self-inflicted problems though, I know. 

I don't want to be here anymore, And to be honest, I'm just tired of life, I'm tired of being a disappointment to everyone I care about. All I seem to do is drag things down with me..  Usually I'd feel some form of nervousness or like I can't go through with actually killing myself.
But this time I feel completely at peace with the idea. The first thing I did was get hold of a bottle of oxycodone. I know that enough alcohol, sleeping tablets and the bottle of oxynorm will probably end it. I'm giving it a few weeks because one of my favourite  bands is playing the UK soon and it seems like a nice final thing to do. But after that gig I don't plan on sticking around long.

Thanks for anyone that's read my ramblings