Feel depressed, lonely and suicidal, what do I do?Feel really depressed right now. My dad rings me and I say I am at my mums and he can ring me tonight and then I ring him back, and he's eating tea with his partner and he says 'im eating my tea, i cant phone you back, il do it later'. So i ring him again and he goes ''YES !! WHAT IS IT !!' and i say to him, that i hate him, hes a cunt and i dont want him to ring me.

I hate my life. I hate my friends. I hate how everyone acts around me like they can use me and just treat me how they want and I will be okay with it. I ended up having to block my friend yesterday on Facebook because she always used to ask me for advice and I had enough of it, because I felt used.

Now I have this tattoo problem and basically i have given money to an artist who doesn't give two shits about the work, but i gave him the money anyway, because i want the tattoo i originally have to be patched up, that i got from their store anyway, i hated it, i really hated having to go to them to have it patched up, but i had to do it. So I spoke to my friend about it, and now hes offline, so i feel like blocking him too.

I have a psychiatrist who does nothing for me, so i have to self medicate. i have no friends and the only person i can talk to are the samiritans and english based depression help lines and they dont do anything. I hate the way people tresspass over me like its nothing, like im inconvenciancing them when its the other way around. I hate it alot.
i am depressed and suicidal and i dont know what to do except go on the rampage, i really feel like kicking off right now, like trashing my house, going with a hooker, ordering lots of pizzas, starting smoking again, adding lots of people on facebook, doing something, because those things are what matter to me, those things are why i have desires. not to limit myself from everything but its like i have to limit myself to everything to have self control

This diet is making me sick, yeah im a healthy weight but there is always better, and thinner, but just can't tolerate it anymore, it really does suck how i cant just order this or eat that, or get a giant pizza and stuff my face, and get almost high of the carbs and the soda, i miss that because that was what was real to me, this personal deprivation where i am punishing myself by letting other people walk all over me, is jut reinforcing the fact of how depressed i am.

What do I do?