I'm just. So sadI had such a good future ahead of me. I was in training to be a runway model. I had a great job at a company I love. I was babysitting and looking into transcription work- I was finally feeling like an adult and like I could contribute to people's lives, after years and years of depression and feeling worthless. And then in the middle of one of my shifts in October I got sick and was in the hospital for weeks.

Now I'm covered in scars. I've had 4 surgeries this year and hit my deductible before February. 2 weeks after my 3rd surgery for my medical issues I lost it. I was ruined. I told my therapist I was actively suicidal for the first time in my life. I had nothing left. I hadn't worked in over 4 months and had no money. My fiance made enough to keep us floating but the pressure made him constantly stressed and irritable. I was a burden to everyone. My therapist put me in a hospital for a week where they did nothing but put me on medication. I started self harming. I already had so many scars, so why not? It's not like I could ever work as a model *now.*

2 weeks after being released from there I had a suicide attempt. I escaped with a broken ankle, a miracle considering what I had done. I got put in a different hospital, a much nicer one, for 2.5 weeks and it was the most productive hospital stay I'd ever had. It was like, I'd already lost everything I could possibly lose, like I'd hit the reset button on my life, and suddenly everyone was back in my life and offering support and helping me figure out what to do. My meds started working somewhat and I felt a little bit of hope for the first time. I honestly thought my suicide attempt, while horrible, opened a door to a new life for me.

But now I'm alone again. Everyone who showed up when I was in the hospital, claiming they understood and they would help me, has disappeared again. My broken ankle has healed completely but I walk with a significant limp and can't run without severe pain, meaning I'll probably lose the one part time job I have left, since it's physically active and requires me to be able to run. I'm still a burden, unable to work or contribute and my fiance has so much pressure he feels forced to stay in a job he hates just to keep us from being homeless.

And the worst part is I did all of it to myself. If I had taken care of my body better I wouldn't have gotten sick, I would still be working on the things I'm passionate about, I wouldn't have lost pretty much everything and dug myself a hole that led to a suicide attempt, which made me lose what little I had left. I wouldn't have scars all over my body, the one reason I had never cut myself before is because I didnt want scars, and now I don't have that keeping me from doing it. 

People keep telling me over and over that they wouldnt be better off without me but what exactly am I contributing now? I'm not a pleasant person to be around, if I was I'd have more people wanting to be my friend. I wouldnt be here alone in my house with my cat while my fiance is on a business trip working 60 hours this week to pay rent.

I don't know. My fiance is terrified he's going to get a call this week telling him I'm dead. I don't know that I can promise him he won't.