The Self Defeating LoopI'm sorry ahead of time if this is long, but my thoughts are jumbled and I need to get them out somehow. I also feel like history is sort of an important piece to the puzzle so I want to get that out of the way.

I'm a 34 year old transgender woman living in California under someones' hospitality. I've been a constant drain on financials, and though I help with chores and whatever else needs doing, I constantly feel as though I've created a situation for myself in which I can't really escape from. I want to help, I want to clean myself up, get a job, contribute and support the people closest to me. But any time I try I always seem to sabotage any sort of positivity or progress that I've made, there's always this darkness on the periphery of all my actions that sort of just eats away at any attempt at forward momentum that I make. 

The shitty thing is, I moved out here initially to make that positive change, to get HRT, to train myself for a career, to have and be part of a support network of a bunch of other queer people. But instead I've wasted every opportunity that I've been given, I strained a relationship with someone to the point that we don't talk anymore, I stressed myself out learning new skills, and when I started taking HRT I got depressed and stopped. And this isn't the first time that this has happened, it's like a constant cycle of like "I'm going to help myself" followed shortly by me sabotaging every single thing that I try to do to the point that I get more and more depressed and the world loses more and more color.

I considered committing suicide once before, the darkest my world ever seemed to get. I've known I was trans since I was 15, but due to a conservative family and the constant fear of outing myself I kept it pushed down in myself for the longest time. Once or twice I tried to vocalize that I was trans to my parents but I was always gas-lighted with "Oh this is just a phase." or "Everyone has these sorts of feelings from time to time." I hated, and continue to hate myself so much. I never felt like I fit in with anybody, and that sort of crept into my school life, and when I (barely) graduated from high school it crept further into my adult life. So much that I constantly had trouble holding down jobs, I would spend all of my time alone in my room distracting myself with the internet and video games, I wouldn't take showers or take care of myself at all. I didn't feel like there was a point to any of it, because even if I did do all that stuff I still wouldn't feel like I was myself, like I fit in with other people. It all culminated to a point where I was on the brink of being homeless during a particularly bad Midwestern winter, unable to feed myself, having lost a job a month before and having told no one and I thought to myself: "What if I just slit my wrists."

And the thing was I had entertained thoughts like that before but at that time the thought was so strong and like, such a good answer in my mind for everything that was happening that I honestly scared myself. I felt like "Oh god, I'm actually going to slit my wrists if I don't talk to someone."

So I talked to my mom. During the time that my life was unraveling my parents seemed to chill out a lot. Believe it or not a concussion caused my dad to change his whole political ideals to much more liberal, and my mom started working on a college campus so she started to get more liberal as well. It was lucky for me that their shift in personality happened when it did because they got me out of that bad situation, I was brought home and they watched over me and made sure I didn't do anything to myself. They constantly told me they loved me, and they listened to my problems, and it was honestly the first time in my life that my parents had ever done anything that made me feel accepted by them.

I was finally able to confront my gender issues, I started socializing with people, and I started building a support network again. Hence me moving to California. As I mentioned before that has sort of all gone to pot. I don't ever want to blame someone else for my problems but, the person that I got into a relationship with sort of led me in this direction. Everything was fine at first, they were helping me and I was happy to be with them, but they also had all their own issues with narcissist parents; and they seemed to constantly push me away because I couldn't really understand the issues that they were having, despite me trying to be supportive. Not only that but I'm sort of an introvert and they're an absolute extrovert, so like they would go off on these grand adventures and do these things that made me feel unsafe.

For instance they liked to go hiking, which I would have liked to do, but I found out the kind of hiking they liked to do was go off the beaten path and climb up the sides of hills or across rock faces. I'm not really that physically capable plus I'm pretty tall, so while going up hills and stuff was easy enough every time I went down a hill I felt like I was going to topple over and fall down the hill, and honestly it scared the shit out of me. Also I'm claustrophobic and they liked to explore sea caves on the beach, there was one time they climbed into this small hole in the rocks and expected me to follow. I broke down crying because I didn't want to go in there, and they just laughed at me; the only reason I even went into the cave was because they bumped their head and said they started bleeding, so my worry for them won over the fear I had for the cave.

It's just like, wherever they went I couldn't really follow, and they would constantly push me away as a result of that. They would travel cross country in their car and leave me alone for weeks to months so they could go talk to some conversion camp survivor in Wichita or something. It just felt like they gave up on me and as a result I sort of gave up on them and everything else over time. And I think I sort of told myself that was just par for the course, after all I could never keep a job, I couldn't make school work, I couldn't make anything in my life really work for me, so why should a relationship be any different.

Like maybe I was asking too much out of the relationship, maybe that sort of support where someone helps you or teaches you just doesn't really exist. Maybe everyone is just dealing with their own problems, and me having my own problems is just adding to their own piles when I ask for help with something.

I keep dropping anything that I pick up, it all just feels useless, it feels like I'm applying paint to a ramshackle hut on the side of a highway. I start running or exercise and stop every couple of months, I start HRT and stop every couple of months, I try learning a new skill and stop every couple of months. No matter what I do I just can't seem to build up the momentum to keep going. Like I know that the world isn't going to hand me anything on a platter, I know I have to work for the things that I want, and I theoretically have no problem with doing the work; except that I do seem to have a problem with it. 

I mean I guess the **tl;dr** of that is that I just feel like everything is useless, I feel like no matter what I do I'm constantly in this loop of feeling motivated and then having that motivation just sucked away. I feel like I'm pathetic, a drain on others, and just entirely not worth anyone's effort much less my own. And at the end of the day I don't really know what to do about it. Just like everything else I've tried to talk to therapists, multiple times, but for whatever reason I end up missing a session or two then I just stop talking to them entirely, and I know in my heart that this is just going to happen again if I try to get myself some help.

Lately it's gotten to the point where I've been thinking about just ending it. I want to break the cycle and it seems like the only option I have to do it is to end everything.