too much of a coward to dieI've wanted to die since I was 12. My father drugged &amp; raped me repeatedly since I was very small. I have excruciating flashbacks that look like I'm having an hourlong hyperventilating seizure. Nobody protected me and I was too small and weak to protect my little sister. Now I'm 35 and I am completely alone in the world except for one person. I'm estranged from my family and I can't keep friends, anyone I get close to becomes terrifying and i ghost on them because I don't want them to know how completely broken I am so I have to hide. The man I've been with for 14 years doesn't love me, hasn't for years, is just putting up with me while he looks around on the side because he feels responsible for me. He's fake superficial cheerful with me all the time and doesn't want to hear about all this downer shit, and who can blame him. He'll be happier with me gone. I went to grad school for something I loved and was good at and society needs but didn't finish because I'm such a lazy coward. Now my credit is wrecked so I could never find a place of my own even if I could face leaving, all my previous academic successes have been ruined, and I can only manage to work very part-time without having a complete nervous breakdown so I couldn't afford my own rent anyway. I'm a leech and a burden and no wonder he doesn't love me, who could.

Tonight I considered and halfheartedly tried four different ways of killing myself. I'm still loopy from taking drugs to numb the pain for one of them. I hate it: my body doesn't even feel like mine to damage, it's somebody else's property. I have no courage or will, can't even face suicide properly.

I don't know what I'm looking for here. I'm just so tired of being so weak and stupid. I'm lucky and my life is so easy compared to so many people and I just feel sorry for myself and make excuses and ruin the life of the only person who even tolerates me. I'm cold and I push everyone away and it's my own fault I'm alone. I think I was probably ruined before I even got to middle school and the right thing would probably be to put me out of my misery, since I've proven I'm not brave or conscious enough to fix myself. I keep wanting other people to help pull me out but they can't, that's not something you can ask of someone else and it's cowardly imposition to keep asking or hoping for it. I should just accept being all alone and be brave and face my challenges but all I can think about is how there's nothing to live for without any love.