My story: not a good oneRight now, I just need to vent my emotions.
I'm 22, male and Belgian. But here is my story.

I was born in a family with not much wealth. My parents were very young when they married. Didn't have a High school diploma. My brother was born when they were in their early 20's and after some miscarriages I was born 10 years later. 

My father started to heavily drink and was having an addiction. With his hard job in construction he was starting to have some fisical issues. He had to stop working when I was 6. My mother tried to keep us living but she had to give up a lot for it, even her food sometimes. My father would steal money, even my few bucks I had collected as a child, just to buy alcohol. The relation between my father and mother didn't go great.

When I was 14, we had to move house. My father was very sick at that time. It was in and out of the hospital. Mostly cause of liver failing and lung problems cause of his drinking and smoking. But after we moved, he was in the hospital. After a month and half he finally moved in. After about 2 weeks that he lived in the new house, he went into a coma. He died the next day. My last words to him were a very annoyed "good night".

The years after weren't that good. I just kind of ignored that my father ever existed. But somehow I did decide to never drink any alcohol. I had some friends in high school. But even then I knew I wouldn't see them after we finish High school. And so we did.

But around my 18, I did get closer to some people. One of wich I kind of had a crush on. But I could never tell her that. Those people seemed to be friendly against me. But I always kind of felt left out. Maybe it was because I don't drink. I'm not really the social person, not a dancer, don't like parties, a bit a geek,.... 

Some of those friends change though the years but it pretty much stayed the same. I still have the feeling I'm the outsider. Some of them care about me, some of them only seem to care when they need me. I also did some stupid things, like talking behind their backs, which probably also didn't help. I regret those things off course.

My love life is non-existent. To affraid to ask out or even talk to girls I don't know. And there was that girl I had a crush on. Last march, after all those years, I told her I had feelings for her. She turned me down. She was very friendly about it and all. But still I have the feeling I lost a good friend along the way. 

My studies also weren't going great. After 3 years of college, I failed miserabele. Last summer I had to mis my vacation, my highlight of the year, cause I had to redo my exams. Probably knowing back then that I was about to fail. These last few months I'm just thinking what I want to do with my life. Cause I don't really want to study 4 years but I also don't really want to work. And I know that just sounds lazy. And I probably am a little bit. But I'm also very conflicted. 

All of this story kind of drove me in a depression the last few years. Even having quite a lot of suicidal thoughts. But I just can 't take my life cause it will break my mothers heart.  

And here I am now. Crying and writing my story, in bed, on a saturdayevening. Cause my friends are at a party I wasn't invited to. 

Thanks for everybody who read this, sorry for all the spelling mistakes. I justed wanted to tell my story. Again thanks you wanted to read