I feel there won't be any other choice (no place to live)I don't want to get into a lot of personal details or write something extremely long, as I'm known to do, so I'll just quickly lay it out:



After moving across the country/giving up any hope of a decent future, I find myself alone and facing homelessness. I left home for a relationship and it ended 2 years ago. I lost the love of my life(my oldest cat). I have very little contact with my biological family, with good reason. I'm on disability for a number of conditions but my case is now under review and I haven't seen a doctor in 2 years. I've been asked to leave my current living situation(it was only temporary), the wait lists for disabled housing(where I actually know people/lived for most of my adult life) are several years long, I've applied elsewhere for disabled housing(in neighboring states) but I'm not having any luck/don't want to move into a place without seeing it first. I'm in great emotional pain and often physical pain, I hate the way I look, and I'm just.. tired of suffering. I've been limping through life for too long. 


I'm still here because of my cats. I live to be their mom. Now I'm facing trying to move into disabled housing with them. And no, giving them up isn't an option. As I said, they're the reason I'm here, they're my family, they're my companions, and life is definitely not worth living without them.  


I'm terrified of moving into one of these apartments for other reasons. I'm very sensitive to noise, I'm extremely uncomfortable living near other people(I know), and I'm a very private/introverted person. I'm also afraid of moving into one of the complexes with crime/etc.  And I'm afraid of moving to yet another place where I don't know anyone. I've done that and these have been the most painful, lonely, &amp; stressful years of my life. 


That's IF I get into one of these places. But I haven't. And, if I do, I'll have to somehow pack up all of my belongings and my cats and move across the country alone. It's just not really feasible.  And I hate where I currently live/have experienced too much trauma here so staying in this state any longer isn't an option. 


It just feels so hopeless. Next week I have to meet with a psychologist for an exam(for continuation of my SSDI case, which involves depression/anxiety) and I'm terrified of that, as well. If I lose my monthly income, that will be it for me. But even with it I'm facing homelessness. 


This has been going on for too long. I didn't have the best childhood(abuse, bullying, etc), I struggled for years while I was employed (I was too socially phobic to attend college, now I have some cognitive issues), my last relationship was something I can't even begin to describe(I was almost completely isolated), and the list goes on.  I have no one to reach out to. The few people I call friends are aware of how bad it is for me but are powerless to help because their own situations just don't allow for me to live with them. 


I need a miracle.