It's okay to ignore thisI have attempted suicide before. I don't want pity or support I think. I just want evidence that I was here. I existed and it didn't go well. I know I might just be crybaby for letting myself feel this way. I can't tell the difference between self pity and self loathing anymore. I used to love video games and reading and art but now...I just stare at the wall. The ceiling light tints my room orange. I can hear my brother rushing to get out, fumbling around and crashing into things in his hurry. I hear my mom in the kitchen playing with the dogs. I hear my dad laughing and telling her to quit before they break something. And I sit in my room alone. 

I love my girlfriend, but I have lost the kindness I once offered. Now I hurt her on purpose. I just want her to leave so I can finish. I hurt my family. I laugh at my mother's pain and taunt my brother into a screaming fit.  I am bad and I have worked very hard at being bad. I just want them to put me on the back burner. I want them to forget me until there's nothing left in the pan. 

I guess this might be my suicide note. I'm still trying to work up the courage. I need to go somewhere they couldn't find me. I'm sick of bitching about my life and my stupid fucking feelings. I am ashamed of myself. I separated my dad from his family. I stole things just because. I hurt people just to see if I can. I am a nuisance. Can't you see that? Can't you see how frustrating this is? What more can I do to alienate myself? What more can I do to make you hate me like I do? 

I'm pathetic. I'm weak. I'm a miserable waste of life and I'm too stupid to stop. What can I say to make you understand the gravity of my desire to die? What can I say that doesn't just sound like melodramatic rambling? I don't control my body anymore...I'm just a passenger. I watch through my eyes like windows of a control station. I examine everything with detached disinterest. I am happy for you that your life is reaching something stable. I am happy that you are growing into yourself. 

Brother if you read this please open your eyes. Just because you have feelings doesn't make you the only person who feels. Expand your perspective and fucking stop acting like a baby. 

My mother is a loving mother. My mother makes mistakes.

Father, I wished you loved me. I have always felt this way. Even when I was five. I asked mom why you didn't love me and she told me that people express love differently. I waited. I watched. It's okay. I don't love me either. I understand. It can be hard to love even blood when it's like me.

I guess my point is that I've been through this cycle too many times already and I just get more exhausted. I don't think this is a "cry for help". I'm just tired. I'm just shooting shit out here.
