I want to die but I don't. Someone helpI have depression, there are days when I don't want to get out of bed or I can't stop crying because what's the point in trying, right? I don't intend on killing myself although to be honest I've found myself thinking more and more about how much easier it would be than my life right now. To give you some background, my year started okay, going to college to follow my dream. It wasn't great, I failed the class pretty badly but I wasn't really trying that hard so I ended up dropping out of the course with the idea that I would try again and excel. My boyfriend was an amazing person through all of this, he was always there to give me advice, comfort me when I cried, give me an escape when my house was too much. This summer I had two classes but had to drop one of them because my teacher would accommodate for my special needs (which isn't that much I think, extra time on tests and assignments and no presenting in front of the class). The second class I barely passed but only because my teacher didn't want the whole class to fail. Then I started take-two of the class earlier this year. It started okay, a lot of work and not enough time but I managed to survive. But then on the second week or so I got drugged at a party and stuff happened with four people but I don't remember most of it or who knew about my mental state. After that I missed two classes because of doctor's appointments and trying to deal with related things. After I told my boyfriend he was afraid to let me out of his sight for almost a week but I didn't mind, it felt safe and I wanted that. I kept trying to do well in class but it was hard with so many distractions and I didn't feel well because of the medication I went on for what had happened at the party. My boyfriend has also been in school but his grades have been slipping. I want to tell myself that it's not my fault he's so distracted now but I just can't find it in myself to believe it. Then within the last three weeks my best friends tried to hang himself (unsuccessful), my boyfriend is becoming increasingly depressed, saying he wants me to give up on him and constantly mentioning killing himself, and I'm constantly thinking about how much easier it would be for me to just stop existing and trying and putting so much effort into making things better only to have them get worse. Now to make things better, I just got my grades back for the first section of the semester and I did even worse than last semester (and this time I tried to do better), both of my teachers think I'm suicidal and notified the school about it, my parents made me start mood stabilizer meds to try to help even though I didn't want them but I didn't get a choice. I feel like no matter how hard I try, I can't help anyone else with their problems, I know I need to try to fix myself but I have no fucking clue how and the only person I have to talk to only listens to my bullshit because I pay her to (therapist). I feel completely lost, everything I do ends up making things worse, I can't help anyone because I'm too broken, I can't help myself because I don't know how. The only good thing I feel in my life right now is my boyfriend but his talk about killing himself don't sound much like idle threats (the kind like if I wasn't there for him I don't think he'd be around much longer) and they scare the hell out of me. I'm so tired, I'm tired of pretending I'm okay because I'm really not, I'm tired of people caring all of the sudden now that I've stopped pretending, I'm tired of feeling like I don't have a voice or a choice, I'm tired of feeling unloved, I'm tired of life...