I wrote this because I can't sleep.If you're looking for a reason why, there really isn't one. My entire life I've been chasing this singular moment in time - A moment of weakness, portrayed to someone who loves me, and to realize that I wasn't entirely alone for once. I guess I just never got that.

I really didn't want it to come to this. I tried to get away from it. I asked Karen for help, and she was happy to help me. But I can't open up easily, and I can't just start talking to someone about what's been on my mind quickly. Before I had a chance to, my roommate showed up and we weren't alone anymore, and she didn't realize what was going on in my head, that I needed to talk to her privately and tell her what was happening to me.

Jessica, I guess the 10 missed calls tomorrow morning isn't going to make you feel innocent in all this. I really don't think you could have helped me anyway, though, so don't feel guilty for not waking up to answer me. I can't tell you anything more than that.

Karen, I'm glad I finally saw you, for real. It always felt so strange that the only friend I could talk to about anything, I had never met in person before. You were always the closest thing I ever had to a friend I could trust, but in the end that wasn't what I needed. I'm sorry about that picture of your butt.

Sandra, I wish we didn't drift apart so much. I understand why. It was always sort of awkward between us after... I'm sorry if I hurt you. You're happy now and I hope that never changes.

Chris and James - you're the only men on this list. Maybe that should tell you just how close of friend you were to me. I don't think I'll need to say any more than that to make my point.

And lastly, Elizabeth, I don't know how you feel about me anymore. But I want you to know that this isn't your fault. I know that you'll feel like it was, because I've been there too. But you can't blame yourself - I don't blame you for a single thing that happened between us, in the end. I was the problem - and we should have just stayed friends. You're an amazing person, and maybe if I'd been able to see that you were just trying to be happy, I wouldn't have been so selfish. I'm so sorry for what happened.

I'll see her again. It's pointless of me to ask you to not be sad. I at least hope one of you care enough to realize what led up to this, but I haven't felt like anyone has really cared in a long time.