I can't move on from my pastThis was written on a phone, so I apologise in advance for any spelling errors.

Any time I think about my past at public school, I feel pained. The school I went to was full of toxic people.

One time in 6th grade, I saw an old friend while walking home, and I wanted to say hello. I went up to her and tapped her shoulder. She mistook this as grabbing, or maybe I did grab her on accident. It was a long time ago, so the memory is blurry. I remember her running away, leaving me confused. She told everyone I grabbed her shoulder. No one believed my story, not even my mom or the school counselor. I remembered this because I saw her walking on the sidewalk. She looked very sad. I hope she's okay. I forgot to mention: she was bullied a lot in middle school. Perhaps this was why she misinterpreted it. One thing I know for sure is that she hates my guts, and so does her mother. 

A couple weeks after the event occurred, her mother came to my door twice, and a third time with her best friend at the time. It was horrible. I was being harassed in my own house. And she wouldn't leave me alone for the rest of middle school. It was hell.

Then, I moved onto high school. Unsurprisingly, it was worse. Thankfully, though, I moved to another school six months into my freshman year. I'm so thankful. 

My friend told me that people are dropping out because of bullying and panic attacks, and that the new freshman are worse. I hope she is doing okay.

Anyway, back to the point. On a particularly dreary week in my freshman year, I was in French class. My teacher was picking partners. I overheard someone say to my partner, "you're with anon? I feel so bad for you." and others giggling. I put my head down and cried. Depression was kicking my ass, and then people who didn't know me whatsoever were making fun of me. Every time I think of this event I cry. I wish I transferred earlier.

There are more than likely an unholy amount of times in which I was either teased, taken advantage of, or straight out bullied in public school. If you're someone in a shit district, I advise you to move to another school if you can, for the sake of your mental health.

Thank you for reading. c: