I realized today that I'm caught in a horrible chain of people; I don't know what to do. I will not kill myself, but god I feel low.I want to start by saying that I don't think I will hurt myself. I say this because I know I have felt worse in my life; it's just hard for me to say when the last time it was that I've felt this low.

I don't have an interesting life. I'm only 18. Up until I was 13, I had basically no friend. In 8th grade, I fell in love with my best friend at the time. She was perfect and I became infatuated with her, but I asked her out and she rejected me. I was heartbroken, and I became obsessed with the idea of her until the end of 9th grade. It was then that I met a girl with interest in me, but she spent the entire summer flip-flopping her stances on whether or not she liked me. Finally she decided on no; I was lost and confused and I turned to a friend who lives a few states away. We talked every day. Every day. We began dating long-distance in 10th grade, but it ended two months later. I rekindled things with the girl from the summer before and we became best friends, and I began to treat her just like I had the others. Eventually she turned out terrible, and I felt lost again, gaining the affection for another girl who coincidentally lived far away. We remained friends until after my senior year of high school (only months ago) when I found out that she didn't feel for me the way I felt about her.

Tonight, I realized something horrifying. The night that the most recent girl and I had parted ways, I began speaking to a different old friend. It is now four months later, and upon finding out that she doesn't care for me to the same level that I do her, I realized: I'm still running on the same steam that has fueled all of these failed relationships. All of these events. I'm shocked and horrified because every time that I've ever felt like I succeeded at getting away, it turned out that I had not. I just changed girls. And I thought it was over many times before, but it wasn't. I've just been changing her face and her name.

And basically, I feel worthless. I feel like my entire life is made of shit. My day was amazing until this realization, and I'm shocked that I feel so low. I practice self-awareness and constantly tell myself how beautiful life is. I basically have been able to keep myself from sinking so low because of these thoughts, but... I don't even know.

I don't know what I'm trying to accomplish with this post. I'm just desperate to feel better.