I feel like a sex offender, like i should be dead.I don’t know how to start this or even where to start. I have been really struggling . At the moment it feels as if i dont deserve the good things in my life.

My brain keeps fixating on an event from my late teen years I think 17/19 and I’m worried what it means about me and my life and whether or not I'm as good as other people or worthy enough to be alive. In a moment of stupidity I encouraged the family dog to lick me down there, it didn’t last long a couple of seconds, maybe I don’t know , but the fact I was capable of doing that of thinking for a split second that’s that was ok or even an option mortifies me. I am terrified it makes me a monster akin to people who abuse and molest and take advantage of the weak and innocent, it makes me feel as though I don’t deserve to live and suicide constantly rattled around my head as my only release.

I hate that I ruined my life story. That I can never look back fondly on my past self because she was capable of this thing that mortifies me. I cant have any self esteem or positive image of myself.

In all other regards i was a normal teen. Other than being anxious and a little depressed. its just this weird thing i did which is horrible. I wish with all my being I could take it back I really do. I worry that I’ll never find love because I feel I don’t deserve it, and I worry I will never be able to enjoy sex because any time I do anything enjoyable that is related to sex by myself or with a partner I am reminded of my worst action it plays constantly in my head and ruins everything.

I feel so guilty and ashamed. I just want to end it all. I need to know how horrible I am compared to the rest of humanity. I want to know how horrible, awful or disgusting what I did was. Will God or the universe ever forgive me. I just feel trapped in a horror story of my own making . Every second it feels like my skin is on fire and I just want to die. I don't know how to go on living, i feel so guilty, its hard knowing i'm a monster. I feel like a child abuser.