Im lostHello everyone this is my first time posting here, i go by serah and just to let you know ahead im transgender female so yeah.

I feel like typing this out because i dont know where else to go, im lost in my life. Ever since i graduated high school which was like 5 or more years ago, i haven't done anything to become better, iv just stayed home playing videos games day in and day out.

I work twice a week with my mother at a swatmeet , its okay i guess , i get paid a little. I feel like a failure to everyone in my family . And that's not even the worst thing im dealing with. Iv always been shy and nervous with people. And i had a bad school life, i almost killed my self twice in the past. And yes i still do get depressed 

I wanna be more open with others but its hard for me since i always feel like im going to get judged for who i am or what i say. So i dont even talk to other people at work and sometimes i wish i could but i think maybe not interacting is for the better. I usually make myself look a fool.

And i have this other problem too. So iv been with my boyfriend for two years and honestly i dont know if i love him anymore . We had our ups and downs but mainly on him, hes hit me twice due to his anger and we're okay now but iv been talking to another man behind his back.

I met this other person online like him but he actually cares about how i feel and hes really kind to me unlike my bf. He usually makes my days better just by texting him or calling him.  I like him alot but for some reason i cant find myself to brake up with my bf, it makes me cry. I do care about him still but i feel he just doesn't show much interest in me anymore . It makes me sad and i know im a shitty person for this but im use to being hated so..

All i do is play video games and work twice a week, i wanna die sometimes because i still have many regrets and probably wont ever experience certain things in my life, epically since im still a virgin, i wish i could be with a woman really bad sometimes but i probably wont since im a loser . Im 22 btw. Video games and anime honestly keep me distracted and youtube, also food helps. 

I feel like i dont have a purpose and it hurts. I just dont know what to do ,  i think i lost hope on my future , i dont really try anything new anymore. I just stick with thr cycle. I don't know what else to say i just get really depressed sometimes