IM not going to kill myself, just needed to relese iner pain somwhereI'm not going to kill myself tonight. But the thought is present like cancer spinning around my mind. Just to end it all now and not to be present. I'm tired of it of everything i call life as I would walk through hell knowing that things can get worse. Nothing gets better, i don't know am I big piece of shit that deserves it is this world is made just for suffering. I'm tired of these bad emotions when they come it's hard to handle them. everything i want turns down to a nightmare. I keep asking what I do wrong in my life, and all they can say is that think of death too much, I that I had used drugs that i stopped already for two years after I made open later as a prelude to accepting my own mistakes. Yah and some say get a work earn money, i don't have that, they don't understand how much it takes to care for a person who barely can move or pour salt on a meal. I worked for10 years trying to fix problems spend more money on saving someone's life more than i spend on myself, dam I even started to live as a Buddhist monk whos sleeps on a floor in an empty room without material possessions. I do what I can but my life isn't moving anywhere, and i can't do anything to really help or to heal my dad. I feel like shit because it's hard to take care because i think when its gonna be ower, I hate myself because I'm so week in my mind. it hurt that nobady helps, fuck there is nothing how others could help. And I feel like in prison, with no opportunities. with a thought that I should just run to save my own life to be as people I meet when I walk out the door, no worries no responsibilities. But I cant it's not how a person should behave, but still. I hate my thoughts that I think so, that I want to leave and end it, each day it gets harder. And my own life, spiritual awakenings, things that I cant share with nobody, while ill gonna end up in a mental hospital. Fuck I'm sick and I have to care for someone who is really sick, and all I can get is just word how somebody would do better in my place, hows everyone is better. And gratitude for others is slowly dying, jealousy anger is taking ower, and the first one to I would like to kill is me, so i wouldn't become a monster wouldn't like to be. It is hard to think that I'm not worth, to think that I'm an egoist because i think on myself that I am a piece of shit because i can say now that I try my best doing no harm to others and just trying to withstand another day, and people don't see my struggle, how I wish that things where different. How I wish that the world would love me.