I can't handle my autistic brother.I used to hate my little brother for being autistic, maybe I still do, but it isn't his fault. But sometimes, I can't help but wonder how peaceful it would be without his tantrums. When he has these tantrums, and I try to calm him down, he always finds out to lash out to whatever I say. It doesn't matter if I'm sincerely trying to help him, or if I hold back on my anger. I'm always the one who sets him even more, no matter how hard I try to soothe him. I'm the only one he threatens with violence too, or hit too. I used to be scolded for setting him off, even if I'm trying to help. I used to be blamed for being hit by him too, and I would just question what the fuck did I do. My parents stopped doing that just now, because I went into a moment when I didn't talk to anyone around the house for months.

&amp;#x200B;

I try to be a good older sibling and keep him in check when he's acting like a spoiled brat, because my parents already gave up on being strict on him because his trump card is his tantrums. He didn't use to have frequent tantrums when he was young, but I guess that's puberty kicking in. It just gets so annoying when I do my best to be helpful to everyone, yet I'm still threatened with being punched. My parents hear this, but they don't do nothing, since they are so drained from dealing with him. I can't even deal with myself and seeing him like that just wrecks me. It takes a few days to recover, and doing nothing but crying or just thinking. I hate how time consuming it is.  


I know this is selfish, but every time I see his tantrums is just a reminder of the burden that I have to inherit for the rest of my life. He just says he can't control himself and I hate that. I'm even suspecting him that he likes doing these tantrums because everyone becomes nice to him afterwards. He only pulls this shit whenever he does something stupid, or he does something he thinks is stupid. I've already lost my parents to him when I was a child, and now I'm gonna have to loose my whole life thanks to him as well. If only my parents knew about family planning.  


I never really remembered how much of a suicide fuel he was for me. Meh, my family is pretty much on par too. I know how much of a dick I am from having these thoughts, but goddamn it I just need to vent because I've restricted myself and slapped my self for having these thoughts. I'd been doing good until his recent episode again, but bonus is that I didn't get hurt that time. I know, I'm despicable, so curse me all you want, because I need some insight here.   


Life is shit. I should have went through with my plans when I was 18. I'm such a wuss and I hate it. I hate myself. I didn't consent to being born, and I know my brother didn't either. I have such a strong resentment for my parents for pursuing pregnancy despite being old. I hate it. I'll never have a kid of my own because I fear I may pass on these genes to my offspring. I hate myself. I'm so selfish. I'm such a dick. Please scold me below.