It's been a long time, and I'm confused.Well, for staters, I live in a country where there is basically no system for suicide help.
My depression started when I was in the second year of university. I stayed in bed all day long and shit.
It lasted for 3 years before anyone, including my parents, to notice because I'm a good emotion faker, and I'm used to suppress my feelings due to 9-year-long school bullying.
In fact, they didn't even notice, I was the one that suggested to go and see a professional, and after a 5-minute talk, I was diagnosed severe depression, and was prescribed meds to help.
The story didn't end there.
After I was diagnosed, the situation only got worse. My parents(they all work for hospital, and my dad's a surgeon), you would expect understanding in such a family, but no.
I saw some experts, and they say that I could be bipolar, and asked my parents to look out for symptoms(I know I had them, but every time I tried to talk, my father was there, and I just lost voice). So I was treated as depression only for now.
My mom is convinced that my problem is caused by my laziness and overuse of internet, she restrained my access to internet(phone, computer, etc), and speaks ill of my friends online all day long.  Which basically cuts off my only social activities (as you can imagine, I don't have many friends in my hometown).
Worse, a few weeks ago, she got violent, and beat me. I was all bruised, and she even choked me, claiming that she wanted to make me feel death, so that I wouldn't want it.
She even asked me how I FELT at that moment afterwards. How do you expect a child would feel in a situation like this?! She didn't even notice that I utterly did NOT fight back, even if she was choking me to death.
After a few weeks, and those bruises still hurt, so you can imagine how bad they are.
I'm not thinking about killing myself, really, I lost hope for getting freedom from it. For the time being, I'm lost, and I am desperately trying to be the perfect child that my mom wanted so that she could leave me alone...