What do you do when both you and your parent are suicidal?This is somewhat of a re-post/follow up of a post I made on r/mentalhealth. I'm sorry for posting everywhere I'm just desperate for someone to talk to.

I want to say I'm at my rock bottom but every time I've said that in the past 6 months things have somehow gotten worse. But my depression is at the worst it's ever been. I've stopped taking care of myself, I'm withdrawing, constantly praying for death, and the worst part is I'm a burden on everyone. I know everyone says that when they're having moments of suicide ideation but this time it's true--my boyfriend broke up with me last night because he felt constantly worrying about me was hindering his personal growth, and there has been a rift between my dad and I for the last few months because I can't talk about anything but how distressed I am. 

I've inherited my dad's depression, and he is also suicidal. I know talking about these things will upset him, but I am in pain all the time and I don't know who to talk to anymore because him and my boyfriend were the last two people I felt like I had in my support system. I had a tumultuous experience with the suicide hotline last night where I was volleyed around and basically all 3 people I spoke to begged me to go to a mental health screener to receive counseling. I wasn't sure what to do; I want to get better and I know I need professional help but I didn't want to potentially be held against my will and miss work/lose my job, or be slapped with a medical bill I couldn't pay.

I talked to my dad for advice and he was just fed up. He confirmed I would lose my job and wouldn't be able to afford the apartment I'm moving into this week. He told me if I wanted to do something like this I should've done it earlier. He told me moving is a mistake and that I'm going to end up isolating myself in a new city. He told me I emotionally beat him up and have no regard for what he's going through, and then he told me he can't help me. 

He's right. He's going through so much. I shouldn't put him through all of this, but it just sits in my chest and I have no one to talk to. I'm trying to book a therapist and the suicide hotline keeps calling me to follow up, but I just want someone I love to talk to. I feel like a failure, like it's too late for me to fix anything because I have irreparably damaged every relationship I value. 

My dad told me he was a failure, and that he just wants to blow his brains out. He told me all night, "It doesn't matter anymore." I'm not stupid, I know what he means when he says that, because any of us here knows the context behind a sentence like that. I'm genuinely afraid, every night, that he will kill himself. And I am genuinely afraid I will kill myself. I don't know what to do anymore or how to fix this. I don't know if any of this is ever going to get better.