I wont make it to the end of the summer...I have nothing to live for...all i cherish is gone or will be gone in the next week. Not a single person on this earth cares about me. For all those years all i ever wanted was to be love and have someone to be there for me. Im an 18 years old girl and my life has been one gigantic nightmare of physical and emotional abuse and neglect. if this is incoherent sorry but im just typimg away and im crying so i have trouble seeing the screen.

I was born to a mother who hates me for being born. she blames me for existing and told me all throughout my chilkdhood she hates me and how much better she would be without me. on the flip side he has a great relationship with my 15 years ild sister and im not imagining this...my mom had a friend who took me in at some point because of how bad my mom was to me and she told me it was , my mom does hate me and she tells her thse things...such as " Ya me and (sister) we hug and have quality time on the sofa sometimes but Emma knows very well she cant do that. i dont want her near me" my moms friend is nice to me but she cant take me in for more then a day or two a week.

thoughout my childhood my mom made it a point to put me down.i have a very overweight mother who never let a chance go by to humiliate me. when i was 8 and relatively skinny she would wak with my younger sister behind me on the streets and say "look at your sister, shes so fat! her ass is like jell-o. see how shes disgusting?" being five my sister went with it. When we went to buy clothes she would buy them adult size XXL and even though they went to my knees she said i was too fat to wear smaller clothes, but when my dad bought clothes with me i always fit right in to a medium. She always made me eat more to make me actually fat but i was only still slightly chubby for a child and that enfuriated her. She began to call me ugly and a monster on a daily basis.

im now obseseded with my weight and its gotten so bad i cant go out without comparing myself to EVERY girl i see and how they have much more nice bodies then me and those who are fatter i just see as what i will become or already am depending on the days.

my dad was there for me and told me my mom hated me because she was horibly abused as a child and she just repeated the behaviour but now as time went by he became more and more like her. She tried to give me to CPS to get rid of me by calling the cops saying i hit her which i did but i barely punched her on the arm. i ran away and hid in a dumpster that night until my dad called me to tell me he begged her to let it go and she did. this happened when i was 16. she used to beat me with whatever she had on hand but as i got bigger i started to punch her back and fight back so she doubled up on the emotional abuse.

last year i had my prom and i was looking forward to it until she laughed to my face and said she wasnt spending a cent on me. behind her back my dad gave me 100$ to get a dress and shoes and all but i still didnt have enough to buy the ticket...some girl at school who had leftover credits bought me the ticket because i would have been the only one of 200 people who didnt go.let me make this clear, my dad coudlnt pay more but my mom gave during that week 250$ to my sister to go buy clothes...

i knew she would try to kick me out when i turned 18 but my dad always told me hed never let it happen...i entered college and met a guy i fell madly in love with. when i was with him i received a call from my dad telling me my mom didnt want me anymore and that i better start looking for another place to live, he then hung up. now im moving out in a week in a small basement appartment made of a single room and i cant even take my cat who has been my moral support for 11 years with me becasue mom says its hers. my bf says he likes me but doesnt love me and he hides me from his family leading me to believe hes ashamed of me in some way. hes also very VERY much depressive himself which causes him to be an insensitive fuck at some times. my dad doesnt talk to me anymore and my sister laughs and says " haha well be soooo good once you are gone"/ 

in a weeks time i will be alone between four walls alone with my mind and i cant assure you my mind is pretty fucked up...i got nicknamed the angel of darkness in high school and it wasnt for nothing. I wont even have my cat or anyone . no one in the world cares about me and my friedns only call me when they have problems.two weeks three weeks of living alone ill either let myself die oh hunger or idk what...i dont wanna hang myself but i dont wanna live like this...its not gonna get better, it has only gotten worse since the start.