I'm the epitome of stupidity.I've been on the verge of tears today during my last two classes...
I'm so stupid it hurts. I'm very close to getting kicked out of my science class, and I'm falling way behind in math... and this school was supposed to be my chance to start doing better after getting all D's and F's throughout middle school and then dropping out for 2 years... my science teacher is obviously frustrated with me and I feel like crying every time I step into the class, and he's not the type to be moved by my struggles either... I just don't get the work, I'm not smart by any means and I feel so embarrassed and I can tell that everyone is ashamed and embarrassed by me...and my friend goes on and on about how easy everything is I feel horrible and I just have the perpetual urge to crawl in a hole and never come out.
I've turning in so many blank and hardly done assignments in the past 3 weeks that school has been in session and it's totally humiliating...and I'm too shy to ask for help because I feel like a burden and an annoyance, and when I get something wrong or don't understand anything, I can't help but cry which is even MORE embarrassing...

Speaking of friends...well, she's my only one, online and offline. And even she is starting to fall in with a group of friends and is starting to neglect me...when I say something she'll just look at me and look away...maybe I'm just uninteresting. I've been wanting to go to the mall with her after school but she's been busy with other friends all week....today she went to the library to play D&amp;D with her friend group and she invited me, but I don't know how to play D&amp;D and I didn't go because I felt embarrassed about it...so maybe it's my own doing.


I just feel like I'm not destined for greatness...I have no friends, no intelligence, no confidence, no social skills, no job worthy skills, no family to love me(thanks, gayness)...I have nothing and I just wish I didn't have to do this anymore... I'm nothing and I don't think I'm meant to be anything other than a steaming pile of garbage.
Not to mention like, my entire life story, which is too long and difficult to even begin discussing.