I wonder what I feel about this...a friend who doesn't 
care.Note: I have been in a depression for a long time. Opened up about it about a year ago. Saw almost all of my friends leave me, one by one when I wasn't useful anymore. I lost my job, got expelled from university for failing to write my final thesis and had to move back to my parents basement. I had one friend left, my best friend, or so I thought. She didn't stay in contact and neither did I much. I wrote two e-mails but that's that. I had hoped she'd care about me even when I wasn't around to do things for her. She didn't. When I hadn't heard from her in two months I wrote to her wishing her well for the future. I thought that it had ended and wanted to at least tell her that I am proud of her for having finished university and all. She replied that she had put her head in the sand instead of writing me and she was sorry. And then she asked if I had my degree and what I was doing now. And I...well...I kinda broke. I told her that I hadn't gotten my degree because, as I told her, I was kicked out. And that quite frankly I have nothing "exciting to share" because I was trying not to kill myself and it was pretty hard. I also replied that I knew that I didn't have much to offer in terms of conversations and that it was okay if she didn't want to reply.

And well she didn't. I don't know, I was probably too harsh to her and there is nothing she can do anyway. I am just a burden for everyone and why would she want to talk to me? It's just hard knowing that apart from your parents there isn't a single person who cares. I guess I am wondering if I should try to apologize, get her a present and ask her to forgive me because I really really owe it to my parents not to kill myself and it's just harder when you have no social network at all. That sounds so technical but yeah I sort of miss her, I mean I miss the times when I was still able to do things with her and for her and I know it's unfair to ask someone to be friends with you when you aren't doing anything for them.

I just don't really know. Maybe I am just writing here so somebody at leasts knows about me? I am sorry, this is horribly written and it's probably not the right site for this.