I see no real point to life anymore...I'm running out of places to turn so maybe here is where I'll find the right advice. 

I've been suffering from depression along side other mental health issues since I was around 13 but all of a sudden they've got worse... the worst part of it all is that I believe I'm a horrible and selfish person for feeling this way because, as people around me keep reminding me, my life "isn't so bad". 

I'm quite young and I've been seeing my partner for almost 2 years. Great right? Not entirely. We fight almost every day and I haven't left our flat since we got together because of how it makes him feel (he also suffers with mental health) he tries to help and I try to help him but I feel trapped in this flat (I dont call it my home as it doesn't feel like it). He has access to all my accounts including banks and relies on marijuana (I hate the stuff) being here is driving me mad and I feel like the relationship will never progress yet I cant leave because I fucking adore the man that I have wanted since I was 12. 

I became a mother when I was 17 and I have a beautiful, happy, healthy little girl who is my ray of personal sunshine and, in all honesty, the only reason I haven't done myself in. Yet I cant seem to provide anything for her and don't see a future in which i can. My parents have pretty much taken on the parent role for her and I HATE that. I'm her mum.  I try my hardest but due to how low I've been recently I've even had my parents suggest that I let her dad take custody of her! (My partner is not her dad) I cried my heart out at this and then my mum has the balls to ask me whats wrong.

That brings me to my parents. Any relationship I did have with them seems to have disintegrated to the point of no return. I'm pretty sure the only reason they tolerate me is for my daughter... I feel like they hate me and want nothing to do with me. I've even had them tell me that if I die in a ditch they wouldn't come to my funeral. 

My little sister is my best, and only, friend. I try and talk to her as much as possible but she's just hit that teenage phase where her friends and boyfriend are more important and though I'm happy that she has such a good social life its tearing me apart that my only friend now doesn't seem to care. I think that's also partly down to my parents... they argue a lot (apparently solely because of me) and she gets the backlash... I have no clue what they tell people or her about me but I have to assume it's bad. I put my sister through so much growing up and I'm now grasping at straws trying to fix it, buying her gifts of art, games, figurines, movies, anything she could possibly want. I'm trying to buy my best friend/sister back so I'm not alone in this fucking world. My older sister has nothing to do with me and its tearing me apart that despite the different lifestyles we've led (not going into details but she has made some questionable and downright terrible choices in her life) she is in the position I want to be in, parents who would give her anything and love her unconditionally  (she's my half sister on my dad's side), talent, a family and a fiance.

As for the "friends" I apparently have... they aren't. They're my partners friends and all basically just sit around doing drugs (not just marijuana) I dont want that around me and I certainly don't want it near my daughter. They all berate me and tell me how terrible I am at every oppurtunity. How much of a slut I am, how ugly I am, how fat I am, how stupid I am and anything else they can think of to hurt me. 

I was kicked out of college due to needing help from the on site support person (forgot the term but the person you go to with major issues) because one of the 2 guys who sexually assulted me attended the same college. I reported him and they said they'd get me help and call the police... I got kicked out for missing too much class and she never got me any help OR called the police... 

I'm lost, scared and alone and the only reason I'm still holding on is for my little sister and daughter though even then it's a constant struggle. I wrote my suicide note 2 nights ago... no one has found it. I started cutting again after being completely clean for a long time and now there's more wound than arm. Only my partner knows and he just lectures me and belittles me for them... I've sat and thought of ways to do it and I've attempted it before. The last time was when my daughter was 3 months old and they almost took her away from me fearing I'd be a danger to her. I've never nor will I ever hurt my personal sunshine... if I did try and fail then they'd take her off me for good, my family would abandon me (as they've already told me they will if I loose her) and I'd have nothing to go on for... 

I dont know what I'm expecting to come from this... I see my local mental practitioner and he's put me on meds. They aren't working. I have reached out to a sexual abuse team. They haven't replied. I'm even trying to contact organisations to help me with the self harm and suicidal thoughts. Again no one replies. I'm stuck and I've tried everything. I have nothing and no one. The only things in this world who truly support me are my sister, daughter and my 2 cats (they meow at me if they see me self harm and if I'm having a breakdown come to calm me down. They're the best) 

I'm scared and just need advice/a friend... anything