My Suicide Letter. Despite my circumstances, I want you to keep fighting as hard as you can for your lives.Firstly, I want you to know that I believe that child abuse is despicable and evil. That if I ever acted out on my strong urges I could continue a cycle of evil. But sadly, my urges are strong.

I wish deeply that I had a normal sexuality, but I'm not even attracted to adults either and that fact pretty much sucked out any joy from my life. I pretty much feel constant existential dread.

However, I do want to say a few things about life as a letter of sorts.

I believe strongly in good, in hope, love, beauty, and acts of kindness. I was born to a very caring parents and the part that pains me most is making them suffer. This will distraught them. My sister is amazingly talented and I fear strongly that this will hold her back.

I'm very likely autistic and maybe a child abuse victim (some memories from when I was very young with another boy coming into my bath)

I grew up reading many books and I always supported the hero to the fullest. I loved people coming through despite the harshest of adversities, facing the darkness to save their friends and become a hero.

I saw many doctors and psychologists and they were always helpful and caring but deep down I know that this can't be cured.

I may suffer from pedophilia but I do care a lot about the world and people. I worry greatly about climate change and the effects this will have on humans. It will cause great suffering both to people and to the flora and fauna of this world. I believe we need to act far more then we are currently doing to prevent the widespread suffering.

I swallowed some pills that I know are lethal (and I took 2x the lethal dose.) I'm feeling hard to stay awake.

The last thing I want to talk about is my great love and passion for fantasy and sci-fi. It truly is a shame that someone who is sick like me grew up with such a true love for fantasy worlds. I could never explain the pure euphoria and nostalgia I feel when I saw a piece of artwork, movie or game that took me out of this world. I always felt a deep longing for the strange, unknown and beauty of these fantasy worlds. I also deeply admired music that felt genuine and took your breath away.

I believe the game Abe's Odyssey is what sparked these deep feelings. Despite what you might think of me, I urge you to buy the new Odd world Soul storm game if it resembles any where near the uniqueness and creativity of the original. (And the backdrops of the strange alien planet)

I urge you that no matter what, or what you think of me, Please be kind to one another, please do good deeds and follow your passions in life.

-Tom