Suicidial thoughts have been entering my mind for months and keep getting worse. I don’t know what to do I feel so alone.I don’t want to kill myself but I feel like I’m more of a burden than anything. I feel so guilty about my life. I make decent money and get to do things I want but I feel like I’m falling down a hole I’ll never get out of. I feel like other people have it worse and I should be happy. 

A couple months ago I stopped talking to my parents for various reasons which can be seen in my other posts. In summary they abused me. I have such a hard time living with this. I feel like I’m the reason and I’m at fault. There are people that don’t have any parents and I have some and won’t even talk to them. They message me and ask me why but I just keep ignoring them. They think they didn’t do anything to me which confuses me so much. I am scared when they are older and pass away that I will regret cutting them off but when I see them it brings me so much pain. 

I feel bad for making my boyfriend deal with me. He has been so supportive of my issues. He has to deal with me being depressed and has to talk me off the ledge every day. This isn’t the person he met or signed up to be with. He would be better off with someone else that makes him happier and doesn’t make them worry every day. I feel so guilty to make him deal with us and I’m trying to get better but I can’t. I’ve been going to a therapist for a year now and still cannot get better. 

And I’m getting fat. Which makes this even worse. I feel gross and don’t want to get out of bed in the morning. I feel disgusting. I try to eat healthy and work out but I’m so sad I can’t control myself. 

I can barely sleep because every time I go to bed I have nightmares. I wake up screaming in the middle of the night every night and need my boyfriend to help me calm down. Sometimes I even have a full blown panic attack. My dreams are often of me killing myself in various different ways or facing my parents again, or seeing my parents and regretting the time I lost. 

I don’t know what to do. I already see a therapist. I’m scared to get help because I feel like I’m a waste of time. I should be happy and not do this to people. I feel bad for all the friends and my boyfriend that have to deal with me. Hanging out with friends this week was fun and gave me some hope that I can have friends even if I don’t have a family but I’m worried I’m in too dark of a place to ever come back out. Nothing seems fun to me anymore. Things I used to love to do no longer give me the same feelings. I just want to sleep and never wake up. Or be in the hospital hooked up unconscious and they can wipe my brain of all this bad memories and then wake me up again. 

I’m scared to get help. I don’t want to be locked up in a mental institution or put in a straight jacket or asked a million questions. I just want to be a peace but I’m scared when I die that whatever happens next might be worse than here. 

I wish I could have a life with family and friends. I feel like I can never be a mom because I am too messed up to know how being a child is supposed to be. I feel like I’ll be a terrible wife because I have depression. 

Sorry to waste your time. Thanks for reading my rant. 