I’m undeserving of every good thing in my life, and deserving of all the abuseWhenever someone tries to help me I cut them off because I can’t convince myself that I’m worth it. It’s too much time, and energy to be wasted on a person like me when they could he bettering their lives. I’m not worth the effort of helping when I’ve done nothing for them. I just cut them off because I can’t stand the idea that whatever they offer to me, I’ll likely never be able to repay them. And yet at the same time I’ve entirely convinced myself that I’m deserving of all the neglect and abuse from my family. My dad constantly yells at me for messing up anything I’m asked to do, it never ends. All of my step siblings are spoiled with the newest phones and other technology while I’m forced to walk around in clothes that don’t fit me and shoes with the soles detached. Apparently there isn’t enough money to buy me the basic, simple things I need like clothing. But yet at the same there’s enough for my adult step sisters with jobs to live here without ever chipping in on rent, or helping with groceries. There’s enough money for my stepmom to continue to pay for their phone bills as adults. And so of course my step sisters would have plenty of disposable income, and what do they do with it, go out and get drunk. And when they get into car accidents after my stepmom pays for the fines and repairs. But there isn’t enough money to clothe me, or feed me even. The only time my stepmom will buy food or cook is when my stepbrother is home, and he’s home so rarely, maybe 2 days a week. I’m so hungry all the time, I’m 30 pounds underweight and I just want to be okay. I want to feel safe. I’m a lesbian and I don’t feel remotely secure around my stepbrother. I always have to fall asleep after him because I’m worried he’ll somehow hurt me in my sleep. I’m openly gay, he’s blatantly homophobic, he refuses to call me a member of his family even after I’ve lived here for 3 years, he just refers to me as his roommate. He owns multiple knives and I’m afraid he’ll hurt me. I’m also the only one in my house who has to do any chores. When we all originally had chores all of my step siblings stopped doing theirs and there was no consequences so it was all left on me, but if I missed one I would get yelled and screamed at for at least 20 minutes every time. It’s so exhausting to be the only one to do anything to help out and get nothing in return, to get treated like garbage my my own family is so tiring, or maybe I’m just tired because I barely get to eat. They also neglect to take me to the dentists or doctors unless they are forced to. I’ve complained about tooth aches only to never get an appointment, complained for months of joint pain and was only taken to the doctor after I couldn’t walk up the stairs at school. I had Lyme disease. I suspect that all of this neglect and “abuse” is due to me being mute since I don’t really have the capability to talk back or retaliate verbally. I don’t want to get into why I’m mute but it is likely that at this point all I would need to be able to talk again is some voice therapy. But no matter how much I’ve begged them they’ve never made me even one appointment. I’ve asked for therapists so many times but they also refuse to get me an appointment there. The only time I’ve ever gotten any sort of “mental health help” is when my guidance counselor sent me to the hospital 3 years ago for self harm. I got yelled at the entire car ride home. All of this and I can’t justify to myself that any of it qualifies as abuse or neglect, no matter how much I’m told it does. I’m convinced that I deserve this and that trying to leave for a shelter, as people have suggested, is wrong. I’m convinced that I wouldn’t be deserving of the help they would offer. I’m convinced that I’ve done something to deserve all this, that I’ve done something that would mean I have to stay here. I can’t imagine that I deserve help. And so this weekend, my entire family is going away without me, they’ve had me stay behind to look after the pets. I plan to kill myself this weekend, I see no other way out that would be fair to anyone else, I just can’t live like this any more.