Thoughts i guess? or something... whatever actually...I dont really know why im here. probably cuz this way i dont have to think. Just blast yourselfe with music and write some shit somewhere. Ths way you dont have to think. Just constantly distract yourself. No need to think this way. Well why am i writing here then, like i keep tellin myselfe that im not suicidal. that i would never actually do it. that i could not cuz imma pussy out anyway right? Im sorry for waisting your time if you are reading this. maybe it will make me feel better to know that im annoying. no. to know that i caused a reaction. the only reason why im really doing anything is not to feel so alone. not to have to think. i feel f\*cking empty. and i guess i try to fill that emptyness with something. yesterday i, while walkin home, i walked over a bridge. cars underneath going 120kmh(thats what? like 75mph? idk) i was thinkin. wait for a truck. its dark, it rains, and it wont have time to stop. you'd be pretty fucking dead. yeah ive given up on cencoring myselfe. these are just my thoughts written out as they go through my head. sorry if its incoherent. im having these thoughts more and more. in the escalator shaft in the mall. walking by a road with fast moving traffic. high building. in school, when im on the top floor by the window. i keep tellin myselfe that these thoughts are normal. i know that they are not. im fucking scared. of myselfe. of my thoughts. of my feelings, atleast the ones i still have. i ask myselfe why i feel like this. is there any reason? i mean my life is pretty ok right? sure im not great in school, and my mom needs a new kidney.. but i dont have any actual right to feel this way. and btw that botheres me too. i fucking feel nothing regarding that my mom might fucking die if she does not get a new kidney. what sick fuck does not feel sad even at the thought of that? then again what sick fuck is on the internet writing stupid shit not to feel so alone? i mean i only really tell you my story in the hope of sympathy. in the hope of understanding. when i told a friend that i sometimes concider killing myselfe and that it would not even matter to anything, they just sad that i should drop the emo act and get on with life. that fucking hurt. i cant drop the emo act. i can only drop the happy act. and when i do, i apperantly am a fucking emo. the bitter irony is almost funny. you know what fuck you fadri. you the biggest shit friend out there. where was i. ah yeah but his words have some truth to them. probalby why they stung that hard. i am telling you just for attention. cuz i cant and dont want to be alone with my thoughts alone no more. what a fucking manipulative piece of shit am i to burdon my shit upon you. you know i am just an angsty teen. bathing in self loathing. askin to not be so fucking alone. and i find it disgusting. ive been asked why i apologize all the time. i sad cuz im always needlessly sorry. well that is true is it not? well only kinda. yeah i am sorry. sorry for my fucked up existence. sorry for beeing the way i am. sorry for not beeing normal. well im pretty anon here sooo. sorry for having adhd and beeing slightly autistic. this leads to total social awkwardity at times. speccially when im tired or otherwise have reduced mental capacity. so im sorry for that too. im sorry for existing. i wish i would not. but at a fundemental level why do i say sorry then? i come to the conclusion that im subconciously actually just asking for acceptance. not be condoned. its just like bating at its core. and that is disgusting isnt it? so here i am. writing shit on reddit. fuck this is incoherent. oh well gtg. im sorry for writing this out, but it makes me feel less weighed down. anothers selfish act that i fucked up. i know. well cya i guess. or not. i have so much to ramble on but i have to go. fuck me. well cya.