I'm thinking of committing suicide.I just thought I should let someone know. I have been tortured from my past for so long, and I want to forget everything. People just say rely on Christ's atonement. But it has done nothing for me this entire time. I was so betrayed, and infinitely hurt. And no one gave a damn.

I don't even want revenge anymore, because if I can't have it now, and they all get away with what they've done to me for this long, why have it for one fleeting moment at all? I just want my memories gone, I hate everything that has happened to me, and no matter how much faith I had in God, he only turned his head away and I am expected to still yet have faith. I have never received what I deserved for all of my labors, my sacrifices, my patience, and my loyalty. I cannot deal with this, and I just want to die, I can't face the future. I wish there was someone out there who actually understood the infinitely immeasurable pain I have endured, and will admit it is far greater than anything anyone has been through. I never got to die, even though I have been murdered over and over, and tortured over and over. And no aid ever came whenever I asked. Only hatred, only spite, only silence.

I want so much to lose all of my memories, but I want to lose them now. I don't want to work for it. I've had enough, I've been through far more pain than anyone can realize, and I don't care much about anything anymore. I have become dumber, more depressed, completely suicidal for many years straight now, and now I have developed cancer from tobacco and alcohol just to supress my obsessive compulsive disorder and suicidal-level depression. I must say, the devil wanted me dead. And he got his way. I am done with life. I fucking hate what I get from life, when I put so much more effort and have so much to get past in my head, just to function in the day. I have to wade through nightmarish memories every second of every day, with no requition and no resolution, they kill me and stab me in the heart ever second of the day. And there's nothing I can do about it.