[Urgent] trying to reach out for helpPlease skip to asterisks if you don't want to read 

History:

I have chronic depression and a mood disorder which causes me to feel low moods that are out of my control. My mental health is at a point where my hair gets matted, teeth are rotting and I'm getting infections because I don't wash even through or after periods etc. I just want to die.

I don't know what mental health services are like in other places but where i live in the UK they are stretched and getting help unless you're severely violent or schizophrenic is impossible. 

I attempted suicidal again last year only saw one doctor a week later who put me on meds that I take religiously and are not working. I have a long history of psychological issues, suicide attempts and self harm and am classed as unable to work. My mother has the same disorder and is on anti psychotics that have worked for her and lives a normal life.

 I am on a several week long wait for a second review by mental health services because I was turned away for treatment the first time and am at least hoping for a med switch but actual help.is very unlikely.

Reason for post:

Am currently at my partner house. Was planning to commit suicide when I got home this has been planned for a while. Always read these posts about reaching out for help and talking about how you feel so I decided to reach out about my suicidal thoughts to him

He believes my mental illness is my fault because I'm not working. I believe I am a burden to him and my mother and they would be better off if I was dead and his response to this was "that's sad".  Obv he doesn't want me to die but I believe we will break off our engagement because it's likely I'm not going to get better soon because I'm not well enough to work at the moment

* I am going home in a few hours but I just want to try to make him understand that I'm sick instead of "refusing to get better". I feel like if he understood this maybe I won't have to kill myself.  *

Sorry for the long post



