The only reason I haven't is because of family... But that's quickly becoming not enoughThis isn't really a cry for help, at least I don't mean it to be. I just need to get this out. I don't really know.

My life is one of wasted gifts. At one point or another, I've had everything I've always wanted. But I destroyed it all. I had close, loyal friends. I had the woman of my dreams, the one I should have married, and who desperately wanted to marry me. I had a career path that others would kill for.

I had everything I always wanted. But that wasn't enough. I had to have more. I lied, I cheated, I manipulated. Truthfully, I don't know why. In one way or another, I poisoned everything in my life. I ruined loves because of what... Lust? Greed? I don't know. I just know I can't stop. I am a monster by nature

All I know is that, without fail, I make every live around me significantly worse. That's the only truth I can always come back to... I make the lives of those around me worse.

Now I have nothing. She, rightfully so, left me. What few friends I have left do so out of some sense of pity. My job hangs by a thread, and the only way I can go to sleep is by drinking myself into a tired stupor.

My parents raised me right. They raised me with some semblance of chivalry. That I'm the shining knight, meant to slay the demon and save the princess. But what if I'm not the knight? What if I'm the demon, and the princess hates me? Isn't it right, even logical to still desire to slay the monster? Wouldn't the world be better off without one more demon? Isn't the most selfish thing I could do is expose others to my corruption? 

I had an attempt a few years back. It failed because of a stupid reason and the only reason I haven't tried again is because my parents, for foolish reasons, still love me. They'd be hurt. And that's all that stops me.

Most nights I spend with a bottle of scotch in one hand and my glock in the other, weighing my parent's pain with the pain that I inflict by continuing to exist. I know that the greatest gift I could give to the world is spraying my wall with my brain matter. My parents would eventually understand, right? 

I'm sorry.. I'm rambling. I don't even expect anything here... I just... Want to say this, you know? Maybe for others reading, maybe just so that my family has something to read to put it into context when I finally pull the trigger. 

I don't know... Thanks for reading.