22y woman sick of living w/ abuse.Ok so.. I don't even know where to being. Chances are I'll jump from one thing to another but bottom line, I'm in a bad place in my life. I'm basically sick of living and see no point in holding on... and this is the first time I'm actually considering suicide. Reasons why I don't do it is because of my family. I'm scared I'll bring shame and I really can't do something like commiting suicide to my brothers.... My problem is.. I'm keeping a big secret from my entire family. For the past 6 years I've been trapped in a really sick twisted relationship with a guy 3 years older than me. We met when I was 16, he was 19. He has sexually, physically and emotionally abused me and now I feel like he's sucked life out of me. I don't smile, laugh.. people say I'm cold and dead inside.. He yells at me.. telling me to smile and laugh on command when he sees my unhappiness... and when I can't he yells louder and raises his hand. 

I have trouble sleeping because of all the stress I associate him with. I've tried to break up with him 723085327082 times, but he threathens to release photos of me when I was 16-18 to my father, his job, my family, friends, the world.. and told me he wouldn't stop until I was in a coffin under ground. I'm so scared and I can't do this anymore. And no, he doesn't care about the consequences he might face releasing those photos online... Why can't he just leave me alone. He tells me daily what a fat, stupid, ugly sk*nk I am... (don't see how I am something like that when I'm inside my house 24/7..) He's so sick in the head, I can't even explain how twisted his mind is. He makes me watch sick gore videos online and then explains to me how wrong the things people do in the videos are. Like I don't know that!? Ugh I just hate him!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't do this.. whenever I go against him he calls me a dramaqueen... and that I can't "handle my own s*it, so now he has that to think about too". I just want to end my life because I can't live another year with him, his yelling, his beliefs, his negative attitude towards everything, his control. And no, I cannot go to the police or my father. Neither will do anything about this. All I wanted was love, happiness and to live with someone positive and to be a mom one day. Now, I don't even want kids, I've even thought about getting everything removed to it's impossible for me to get pregnant after I turn 25 because I couldn't live with myself knowing that my kids wonder why their mom cries herself to sleep every night or is sad all the time. And I know, if I'd have kids.. they'd be his.. and I wouldn't want my future children to live with a man like him.

FYI, sorry for bad english... It's not my 1st language. And I could go on about this forever.. I've been in this hell hole for more than 6 years now.