My suicide noteContext: I'm an 18-year-old male.

They said it would get better.  They said that life was worth it.  They said "it's always darkest before dawn". The lied.

My whole life has been garbage.  Many had it worse than me, I will admit, but this does not diminish the fact that I would describe my life as a living hell.  I'm 18 years old and male.  As a child, I was brutally bullied and I have wanted to die since I was about 7 or 8.  I was a social reject.  By the time the bullying ended, the damage was done.

When I was 9, I ended up making a mistake that cost my mother her job (the whole thing was completely unintentional).  The entire Summer after that, my parents berated me and told me they did not love me.  Ironically enough, I stopped loving myself the moment they said this.  

I have always had trouble with girls.  I also have the terrible misfortune of having an abnormally strong sex drive.  This combination basically makes it so that I am always horny and never satisfied.  As silly as it may sound, this is a big reason I want to kill myself.  It is 'round-the-clock torture.  Loneliness really is merciless.  It slowly eats away at you from the inside out until you simply want to make the pain stop by any means necessary.  I know that it is easy for people in happy relationships to say selfish and arrogant things like "you are not entitled to love" before they go home and spend the night with their significant other, and that, as self-righteous and obnoxious as they sound, they are right.  I am not entitled to love.  Nor do I even deserve it.  But I do not want to live in a world in which I am not loved.  And I am entitled to end my life if I want to.  So stop giving me useless advice.  

As you have likely gathered by this point, I am angry, resentful, and bitter.  I look around at this corrupt and unfair world and, as Eminem said, it makes me "mad enough to scream and sad enough to tear".  I see good, honest people who are constantly struggling and getting a bad deal, while the meanest and worst people have great lives.  The bad people are rich and loved while the good people are poor and unloved.  This makes me very angry.  Over time, I have become so angry that I am afraid that if I do not end my life, I will one day lose control of my emotions and do something terrible.

A friend of mine once told me that even if I won the lottery, I would still want to die.  She was absolutely right.  No amount of good experiences in the future could make up for the shit I have had to endure up until this point.  Do not tell me "life isn't fair" or anything like that.  That is exactly why I am going to end my life.  I do not play unfair games, and the game of life is no exception.

I have tried therapy.  I have tried medication.  The fact is, the problems in my life are not fixable.  Well, at least not while I am still alive.


Maybe I was too harsh at the beginning.  Perhaps if I continued living, things would get better.  The problem is, that is not an adequate incentive to go on, at least in my eyes.  I am tired of working hard and accomplishing nothing.  I am tired of seeing good people suffer.  I am tired of seeing bad people thrive.  I am tired of the endless corruption this world supports.  

No one has ever given me a logical argument against suicide.  This, in my opinion, must be because one does not exist.

The way I see it, I have 2 options:
1. Continue living in endless agony because self-righteous people do not want the statistics to get any worse, or;
2. Die and never feel pain again.

As for the religious/spiritual argument against suicide, I do not believe in it.  If there is a god or governing force of some kind in this universe, it clearly either hates me or does not care about me enough to help me.  And if there is not, life is just meaningless pain.  Why would I subject myself to that if I am going to end up in the same place anyway?  With or without religion, suicide is by far my best option.

In short, I am killing myself both to protect others from bad future actions I will likely take as a result of my rage, and to protect myself from even more suffering I'm the future.  Given the fact that I am a failure, I will probably have many more friends when I die than I have had during my life.  It is a small comfort to know that at my funeral, I will finally get some of the love that most people take for granted.  If you read the whole thing, thank you.  Good luck to you.  I hope that this world is kinder to you than it is of me.