So lost. So sick of fighting. Please readHave been going through a really rough patch for the last half decade after an embarassing breakup involving one of my close friends (cheating with my ex). Since then have just felt really lost in terms of finding enjoyment in life, am at school for something that should provide me with a relatively stable future, however i simply cannot seem to derive any hope or excitement for the future. The last couple of years have left me jaded and bitter to say the least. Isolation from friends and a strained living situation (commuter student) have made my everyday existence very depressing. I have formed major resentments towards those i once considered the closest to me simply because of the awkwardness of my home situation and their inability to ever come to me, forcing me to live a kind of strange double life where i am always out of my comfort zone, and in many ways pretending to be something i am not. Also, as a result of this depression following the breakup i developed a serious addiction to several illicit drugs, which has had a major impAct on my health and financial stability over the years. I feel like these addictions are holding me back however after so many failed attempts at stopping my self esteem is in the toilet and i cannot muster the mental fortitude required to abstain through the withdrawal symptoms and hence continuing using. I think that even when i manage to get free of the cycle of use, my desparate surroundings will continue to drive me to use simply as something to fill the void of boredom and sadness. I feel as though in many respects i am stuck between a rock and a hard place. My lovelife has all but disappeared due to a real lack of trust bordering on hatred towards women. I am constantly resentful of the fact that i cannot be normal, and have the things that i see other people managing to acheieve. I come from a relatively uneducated parent background, and with none of my siblings living in my home i feel strange and disconnected to people in a social sense. I have though about suicide many times but am scared of failing. I am constantly working in a job that i do not really like to support the addictions i do not even find enjoyment in but cannot for the life of me manage to get off (also there are no rehab or drug help where i live). In the rest of my time i study to avoid further embarassment of failure (failed college semester in 2017 due to depression) and have no real hobbies or friends to speak of. The so called friends that i have are a group of other addcts that i really only serve to hang around me to score dope occasionally and have someone to get blasted with. I have been alone almost exclusively since the breakup 5 years ago. My self esteem is nothing. I hate what i have become but i cannot see any hope for improvment as i am trapped in a spiral of thought thinking that i know where all my efforts will lead - back to failure.