I wish I was deadI've been suicidal (generally passively) for at least ten years. Sometimes not feeling it for months, sometimes feeling it every minute of every day. I made my first 'attempt' on my life at the start of this year, but I'm not sure if it was just a cry for help, because it wasn't particularly serious although it was well thought out and kind of crossed all the hurdles that were previously keeping me alive. So, last Sunday I overdosed on lorazepam (ativan). It wasn't a lethal dose, I checked online beforehand.  It was all I had of it though, if I had more I probably would have taken them. I just wanted the paranoid intrusive thoughts to stop, so my intention was to sleep it off for like twelve hours. I was meant to have a counselling session on Monday, which I was looking forward to, and was meant to see my psychiatrist and care coordinator on Tuesday. The thing I can't explain is why I took so many pills (it would have taken a fraction of how many I took to put me to sleep). I actually have no recollection of Monday or Tuesday but I spent Monday - Friday in hospital because my little brother called an ambulance on Monday (I didn't tell anyone I overdosed, just went to sleep and woke up on Monday 'acting drunk' - was falling all over the place and not making sense at all). On Monday, I was told that I told the paramedics and doctors that I wish I hadn't woken up. Since I got discharged on Friday, I've been pretty suicidal, but today I had an enjoyable few hours cleaning and feel achieved even though I actually didn't do much. I'm not sure what the point of this post was, or what the point of existing is. I am religious, I think. I do believe in God, I think, not certain about an afterlife (guess that's why it's called faith), but I don't think suicide is an unforgivable sin, which I used to and it kept me alive for several years. I love my family, I do, and I have great friends. I wish I could care about them enough to want to be alive. I guess that is why I am alive. I just feel empty though, and  I just wish I wasn't alive.