I am beginning to make rationally conceived plans for ending my life in my mind. I've never done that before, even when deeply depressed.I've never spoken to anyone about this in person or online before. I have nobody who I could talk to about this without making things even worse. Damn this is hard, I've never had such a hard time posting on reddit before.

I've had some trouble with depression before, even contemplated suicide, but I always knew that I would never actually in any danger, there was no way I could do that to my friends and family. No matter how worthless and disgusting of a human being I am, to do that to them would put me at a new low. I wasn't worth it, but they are.

What's going through my mind now, though, is preparations for getting my affairs in order, working out how to ensure that everything is set up so that my family is burdened as little as possible by my passing. I can't stop thinking about it. It's not that I don't want to kill myself, I mean I guess I don't want to experience that moment necessarily, but the necessity of it seems... unavoidable.

I cannot be a burden on my family again. I will not. Not under any circumstances. I've already failed my family and friends so thoroughly, I am such garbage (I'm smiling right now, this feels so good to finally just let out), I have so many advantages and I've had so many opportunities and yet I'm still right here where I sit, unable to support myself. I have years of experience, I just got a degree a few weeks ago, job searching has turned up lots of job opportunities, there is no reason why I shouldn't be able to get a high paying job and do well, yet I'm almost out of money and I can't bring myself to apply for any jobs.

I just can't. I just can't.

I even have a little side work a friend is paying me for, which will at least get me to the end of the month, mostly website work... and I can't work on that either. I said I would do it today.

There is nothing wrong with me, I just can't. I'm worthless.

I don't know where this is going. I just needed to say it I guess. I will either be employed before I run out of money or I will be dead. Period. The only question in my mind, the thing that preoccupies me constantly now, is when I will give up the pretense that I am job searching and start preparing. I need to plan out what needs to be done so I know how much time it will take, and know when I need to begin.

In case this gets flagged as trolling or something, or I said something I shouldn't have, please, can it stay? Don't reply, downvote it of course, I understand, but can it stay on reddit? I need it to stay. Please. Thank you.