Hi SW!  I'm drunk again and only a few perilous steps away from making the best decision of my life.It's all relative, I suppose.  You probably read 'a few perilous steps away' and assumed it's going to happen sometime soon.  And, you know, it very well may.  I doubt it, though.  I think I'm going to draw plans.

Before we get into this again, I'd like to give you a bit of insight into what has come of my experience with this subreddit.  This is obviously a throwaway, and I'm definitely posting this from a reasonably secure location.  That being said, please note that I've been involved with SW in some capacity for almost a year.  I've given some good advice to others, I've spoken to more than a few of you privately via email, chat or phone.  I have given and I have taken.  I've even legitimately helped a couple of you without even letting on in the slightest that I am personally falling the fuck apart.  

This hasn't been without some element of danger, though.  I made a suicide pact with one of you.  We exchanged emails, chatted for a while and had a couple of phone conversations.  At the time, I wasn't so sure about it all.  It was a nice fantasy, though, even sort of romantic.

Don't get me wrong.  I think there are legitimately good people here who go out of their way to help otherwise random fucking strangers, and that's sort of beautiful.  Just don't harbor any illusions about what can happen here, though, as it can just as easily be a resource for someone who simply doesn't want to die alone.

That being said, here's a bit more of my tale.

I've heard somewhere before that the only way to be sure of your sanity is to question it for yourself.  After all, if I'm lucid enough to question my own sanity, I must be doing something right.  It is when one is absolutely certain of his own mental well-being that there is any reason to worry, right?  

i don't necessarily believe in this rule.  If you do you may want to document this, as I think I'm well on my way to becoming an exception to it.  In short, I think I'm going to crack sometime very fucking soon.

I covet.  I am perceptive enough to pick up on all the things others take for granted which I find lacking in my own life.  A decent job, a loving partner, a reliable car, a child, a decent living space, the blissful selfishness and ignorance which enables people to focus only upon their own advancement.  All of these luxuries are lost upon me, and yet every day I commiserate with people who would have the audacity to not cherish every precious fucking second of their blessing.  

Sure, I have a job.  In fact, I'm self-sufficient.  I make just enough to sustain the miserable fucking pit where I reside, just enough to get back and forth to an office populated with sycophantic suburbanites and oblivious children who aspire to inherit the flaws of their betters.  

Nothing is genuine.  Every goal, every conversation, every nod and grin in passing is manufactured and squalid.  It sickens me.  It drives me to drink, alone here in my cluttered little hellhole, wondering whether or not I really deserve to look forward to 20 more years of this worthless fucking sham.  This ruthless and pitiful charade.

A friend once told me that life is a brutal knife fight to its miserable end.  I understand what he means.  I think my eyes are open.

So I'm gonna do it.  It might be tomorrow, it might be ten years from now, but sooner or later I'm going to put an end to this nonsense.  Personally, I think it is pathetic to desire things which other people haplessly throw away.  If I were to ever acquire them, what assurance do I have that I would not be weak enough to do the same?  I don't care to find out.

So go ahead, give me your assurance and your advice.  Tell me to go to therapy or man up and deal with it or deliver some allegory that's supposed to convince me that you know what the fuck this feels like.  Do your worst.