The reason I want to mostI mean, being totally honest, the biggest reason I want to end it is to give everyone who hurt me a big middle finger. Make them feel guilty for everything everyone has done to me.

But even if they don't, even if they never found out, it would still remove someone like me from the gene pool, so like at least that isn't the only reason. 

I can't fit in anywhere, I get rejected, hated, fired, banned, removed, barred, etc. from every community I've ever been in. I'm so fucked up, I typed out that first sentence up there with honesty. 

Third time's the charm. Everyone is asleep, I'm turning my phone off, keeping a shotgun in my arms pointed at the door in case someone who knows me see's this and calls the cops. I'm going to drift away, and not wake up, and it'll make the world a better place. The middle finger will just be some icing on the cake. 

But honestly, it's not their fault for not accepting me. Obviously if everyone treats me the same, the problem lies with me, and no matter what I do to try and fix it, I always fail and don't deserve to ever be forgiven. My twisted view of reality makes me think that people should be honest with me, tell me what I do that upsets them, maybe help to better myself or at least give me advice, instead of internalizing it all. 

But I'm not worth it, no one is. Expecting people to understand me or help me is the wrong way of thinking. I don't fit in, I never will anywhere. I've tried emulating how people act, but that just pisses them off more. I've spent all my freetime researching human behavior and psychology, but it hasn't helped me gain any more self control or to appease people enough to not try to remove me. 

So honestly, giving them a middle finger as I go is childish, but I'm angry, so let me have it. All together they've driven me to this point, and when I go one of two things will happen; they'll change their ways to understand and accept more people, or they'll send me off with a middle finger right back. Both are outcomes I'm ok with. Even in the latter, it proves I was meant and wanted to go, maybe I can at least do one thing right. 

I low-key want to name off all of the communities that have rejected me, but the fear of coming off as attention whoring would send the wrong message, especially if I survive. I wouldn't want people to go off and tell them what I was doing, I'd rather they find out for themselves, and it might even be better if they never find out. Peace out everyone, this rant turned into a note, but whatevs. 

Given I've walked away from putting two guns in my mouth and pulling the trigger, I won't rule out the possibility that I might survive this, so I'm not going to hit send especially out of fear of someone finding this and stopping me. So to whoever finds my body, hit the submit button for me. It's at the bottom of the page.

Actually I don't want to risk them not sending it. My voice needs to be spoken, even if it's somewhere few people will hear, but maybe at least the right people will hear it. I'm going to bank on not surviving, the fact I literally can't afford another hospital visit because all my cards are over balance should give me the determination I need to make sure the job gets finished. The last visit totally fucked up my budget, and put me out of work for too long, so I'm going to say my last attempt was a success, it just took a few weeks to kick in. Just remember though, phone off, gun at door. If anyone walks in they're getting buckshot, at least until I die. 

Note, I didn't delete anything while typing. I typed everything on my mind, which is why you see a lot of contradictions, neverminds, and general banter. Fuck this was a lot of text, I probably look really stupid and crazy. Eh, who cares. That's why I'm going anyways, afterall.