Need some help on the mechanics of pulling myself together, what started as depression is turning into an existential crisis that I'm starting to feel is pretty valid and logical.I have a couple issues right now that are coming to a head.  Found out not too long ago I was going through a major depressive episode, something I had not gone through before so I didn't even know what is was honestly.  There might be some PTSD sprinkled in there, but I guess I consider that all really to be irrelevant given the new found turn that I've been going down here.
 
The psychiatrist I've got sucks ass.  I spent a great deal of time carving everything out to make his life easy.  I went to a psychologist first and really the only thing she had to offer was "breathing exercises."  But I left at least convinced that I had or was doing everything possible within my own powers.  I then conclude that rationally, my only issue is a chemical imbalance. 

First, my insurance company gives me a list of people I "can" see to get reimbursed so I go through that and almost everyone is booked for weeks or months in advance.  I think to myself how ridiculous it all is.  I finally find someone to go to and sit down with him a week or so after calling.

I tried to make his job as easy as possible, explaining the fact that I felt like the weight of the world was going to crush me and that for the first time in my life I felt defeated and was reaching out.  I don't have a regular doctor even.  I'm self employed etc.  I try to be as self sufficient as possible.  When I'm asking for help, I'm asking for help.  I explained everything going on in my life and provided as much detail as possible to alleviate any fears of drug seeking.

I made it clear that I was starting to get gravely concerned about my short term state and after him jumbling my story a couple times and what I gathered to be professional avoidance, he prescribed me something that would take "up to several weeks or months" to see a change.  This I thought was insane and I dumped my mind on him on how I came to him for help and I felt like he wasn't even paying attention.  

He prescribed some benzos for short term support.  I have never been someone to ask for something like that, but I'll tell you what.  It did the trick.  Problem was the long term meds I was on were giving me suicide idealization issues.  I returned and told him that I was having aggression issues because I don't want to get hospitalized or arrested or whatever since I can never officially tell anyone I'm a threat to myself (what a load of FUCKING BULLSHIT).

I had another 30 days to sort this out and was put on a 2nd prescription that was a different longer acting prescription.  On my bottle was "refill 30 days."  Great, I have enough time to get to the next bridge. 

I go to get it refilled and they said I was a day or two earlier on the refill.  That's fine, no big deal I told them.  In fact, I had quiet a number more than that left on days I felt I didn't need the boost.  So I return a week or so later to pick it up and I'm told the doctor changed his mind.

I was thinking wtf, it says 30 days right on there.  What is the issue?  Apparently since he didn't write the date on there too, which the pharmacists said was totally unprofessional so they had to manually verify it.  I don't even remember how many days it was refilled for, 10 or 14.  It was months ago.

I mean I pleaded with this guy I'm drowning here in my life and I can't be coming back making weekly appointments, I'm just trying to sort myself out.  I just need some training wheels.

But I guess every fucking person that comes in is just trying to score pills.  INCLUDING ME.  Okay so enough with this guy.

I've got no medication now, that is fantastic.  Let's move on to the next issue here.

So I've been trying to tell my significant other "hey, I'm going through some trouble right now, please please keep it down."  She is a total ball buster, and in normal times I've always managed fine.  It's what I got into a decade ago.  What I've asked for I guess I consider to be almost bare basics.  No yelling in the house, no nagging, try to make an effort to be more intimate and understanding right now.  I'm being a bitch about it, I know, just help me get through this.

That wasn't getting anywhere and every time she was bitching about something all I could think about is hanging myself in the basement.  I kept thinking, it'd be so quick and it'd be like going to sleep and I'll never have to deal with this bullshit again.

Okay, so now I'm falling back further and further looking for some sort of temporary support.  I ask my mom, who I've been on extremely good terms with forever for some help.  I want to be clear, our relationship is amazing.  That being said, she let me down at the time I needed her the most.

I explained I needed help from her and I needed her to talk to my significant other about keeping herself in line, I needed family support here.  She basically just shifted it and said I was the one that was the one that needed help, no shit!

So here I am sitting with some paths ahead of me.

1) Fight fight fight the battle to get back on the drugs that were helping me through this

2) Risk getting locked up in a hospital for telling the truth

3) Risk losing my means to support myself and significant other in the process

4) This is over in 2 minutes tops.

Now is where it turns into an existential crisis.  I've got the "good life."  But recently I've become more and more convinced that ultimately most of my life is one enormous distraction.  That I've been chasing a level of happiness that is unobtainable.

And immediately most of the people I talk to about this, which I dance around the subject so it doesn't become too obvious I'm questioning my existence, immediately turn it into a discussion honestly about chasing material happiness.

Oh you have this or that.  What if you end up doing this or that?  Ultimately all capitalist goals.  I already went down that road, and for a while I WAS happy.  But after having kids I realized it was a different happiness.  It was a distraction in a sort.

I used to look at someone like Larry Ellison and idealize him.  Look at how "successful" he is.  As I got older and had children I didn't at all idealize someone like that, I saw someone that bought into a heroic amount of bullshit and sacrificed their entire life all in the pursuit of what ultimately is power.  I guess I just see the world differently, that ultimately I believe the purpose in life is deep and meaningful relationships.  It's ultimately more complex than that, I'm way oversimplifying things here.

Where it's really starting to get off the rails now is just that I'm starting to feel like an alien on this planet.  There are so few people I can truly identify with these days.  I've got a small group of confidants that I really truly adore.  People that I feel are genuine and loyal.  And I just don't feel like the majority of people that I meet are genuine.  The vast vast majority of people I meet are just so wrapped up in trivial bullshit and trying to be seen some way or as some sort of person that I just can't connect with them.

On the one hand I totally understand, because I WAS that person.  And I feel great sadness and shame that I bought into it and bought into it hard.  But now that I'm trying to cross the bridge to the next stage, I can't find enough people there.  And increasingly I feel like the amount of effort necessary to stabilize myself and essentially rebuild the core foundation is too much.

I've got a partner that seems more concerned about whether or not the toys are cleaned off the ground than if I put a bullet in my head.  A doctor who is more worried he'll get rolled for writing a sloppy prescription and an endless number of shitheads I deal with on a daily basis with my business.  People who would piss in their kid's cereal to save $3.

Recently I'd seen someone a handful of times in the last year sort of start to unplug like I have been.  I never noticed it really.  Recently he killed himself and I'm starting to see some startling parallels.  And now here I am.  The path of least resistance is suicide and I don't think it's worth fighting for.

Ultimately I feel that my life has become one big distraction and that efficient and honest help is legislatively and practically prohibitive.  I must be doing something wrong here.  It can't or should be this hard to correct a chemical imbalance.  I have to be seeing the world through shit colored glasses, because I'm getting really sick of it.