I’m in a battle that I’m losing.I’m 19, I had a manic-depression and anger issues in my childhood/puberty. I had a terrible high school times and lost my dog in those times. I went to therapist, who also helped me in the earlier times of my life, for a while and became much better in that summer. After summer, I prepared for university and struggle with stress because of the exam thing. However, I won the university that I wanted and you know, thought my life would be much better.

And it did. In the first year, it was great. I met a girl and we’ve been in a relationship for 1 year and 3 months. I’ve made new friends, joined the drama club and even tough not the best, I was doing “fine” with my lessons. However, all changed suddenly. I’m a owner of 5 cats and lost one of them a month ago because of pancreas cancer, also my mother left her job because of mental abuse from her boss. It all happened almost at the same time and sometime changed with me.

I know my mom found a better job and started to work in a better vet, also adopted new cat but I lost my control ever since. There’s a hole inside me, and it capturing me every day. I miss my cat, I miss my dog, I miss my dad’s love (which he never showed) and I blame myself for everything. I could take care of my dog better, I could realize my cat’s weigh loss earlier and I could fight for my father’s love. But I could’nt, maybe I didn’t and now, I’m suffering because of my foolness.

I’m trying to fight, I’m trying to win this war. Because in somewhere inside me, I know that everything gonna be fine but that part loses and being destroyed everyday.

I’ve been a coldblooded and logical throughout my life. I could adapt and overcome everything but now, I’ve become a crybaby. I start to cry whenever somebody say something negative to me, I burst in tears whenever I have an argument with my girlfriend and just approximately 20 minutes ago, I’ve confessed my girlfriend that I wish I’d die. Also to myself. It bothers me for a week and I’ve been thinking about suicide.

The thing is, there’s a part in me that still wants to live. And it is fighting, it is fighting for my survival but it’s losing slowly. I don’t wanna die, I wanna win, I wanna see and do everything that I’ve been wish for. I want to see Petersburg, I want to adapt and take care of many other lives, I want to see my graduation and finish all the series that I watch. I wanna be the survivor, it’s too early for me to leave. But it is coming, and I’m trying to delay it but I’m losing. I don’t know what to do...