I Thought College Would Be DifferentI've struggled making and keeping friends my entire life, as well as battling with cyclothymia that makes me prone to pretty bad depressive episodes. At the end of my senior year of high school I managed to find a group of friends I fit in with well, and who were very understanding and supportive of me through my toughest times. Unfortunately we went our separate ways for college and though we still sometimes talk, it isn't enough to help me through what I've been going through.

Even though I'm living off campus freshman year, I tried to get more involved in college activities so I would still be able to meet new people and use this transition as an opportunity to really be myself and find people that like me for who I am. I came out of the closet, joined the club swim team, and entered the Honors College. At first, everything went well. It seemed like making friends was easier now than it had been for me in the past, and I met people in classes and on the swim team that seemed to genuinely like me. Other gay men would tell me they thought I was cute, and I even met someone I immediately became best friends with who is planning on rooming with me next year. 

But ever since then it's been a slow spiral downward into the most depressed state I've ever been in in my life. It seems like every time I get some piece of happiness it's immediately taken from me. Anyone I've been with since the start of school has either cheated on me or lost interest almost immediately. I haven't so much as talked to a boy in months now. The friends I make grow distant just when I think things are going well. 

The one person keeping me from this moment before has been my best friend. When one of her friends cheated on me, she talked to me for hours over the phone from late at night to well into the early morning until she was sure I would be okay. She understands my own struggle with depression because she struggles with anxiety (to the point that she's medicated for GAD). But since this semester has started she seems to be slowly pulling away as well. The only time we see each other now is at swim practice, and don't talk much outside of that. I've tried to make plans for us to do something like watch Netflix at my house or go shopping somewhere, but something always comes up. Instead she's been spending time with the boy who cheated on my and his friend. It feels horrible and until now I've tried justifying this to myself with some success. I've even told her outright about how this makes me feel, and she replies with saying that she's sorry, she's been a bad friend and that she'll try to do better. She really sounds genuine in saying this, but nothing has changed. 

This weekend we had a swim meet, and it felt like the perfect time to spend time with her and make up for lost time. Yet she spent the entire meet talking, taking pictures, and spending all her time with everyone else on the team. We hardly talked at all. She told me that her "hormones were going crazy" and that was why she avoided me. I'm not stupid, I know this isn't why. I have no idea what I've done and she won't tell me. Now I feel like this will just be another friendship that I've fucked up somehow and I'll lose her for good. 

I know I won't be able to live without her. A year ago the thought of losing her would have been more than I could bear. Now it doesn't even surprise me. With the number of friendships and relationships I've ruined I should have expected this. Every time this happens I'm incapable of even feeling sad, I just feel completely empty inside. But before I could at least turn to her. Now there is no one I can turn to. After only one semester of college I've ruined any chance I had at making good, lasting friendships, and I know it only gets harder from here. I can't face this downward spiral anymore. In the end, someday the people saddened by my death will find happiness and love again, but I will not. I've given up on that. I wrote my note and will probably enjoy one last cup of tea before I get to see what's waiting for me on the other side. If nothing else, it has to be better than it is now.
