i still dont know why im so terribletl;dr my childhood trauma still follows me around and makes me wanna kill myself. im trying to get better and im on meds and in therapy. i was feeling better, but it snuck back up on me. i just feel so hopeless overwhelmed confused and lonely right now. i really wish someone cared about me. i really wish this pain would go away.

if youd like a more detailed account of what im broken up about see below.... i really hope im not positing anything thatll violate the rules.... if i am pls let me know ill remove it. 

TRIGGER WARNING


content referencing sexual abuse below. 



"(to the person who raped me)

hey,

yeah yeah. this dumb little bitch is writing you a letter. despite what you seem to think, im actually literate and intelligent. surprising? sure is especially since you seem to think you know me, know who i am, and about how my mind works.

i remember your comments. i remember what you did to me and your secret will not be kept from me forever. you lucked out at the time when you hurt me yet again and my mind shattered and created multiple personalities in my head and constricted the trauma you caused me. now, 20 years later, your tortuous actions and words are back in my mind and harming just as they did when you decided to hurt me. 

 "you enjoying this jay? you really enjoying this? i love having my cock inside of you and fucking your brains out. i love hurting you like this. i love that it causes you pain. dumb sluts get fucked dont they? bad girls get fucked, you understand? you're a bad girl. you shouldn't have smiled at me. you deserve this. im gonna hurt you again and again until you drop dead. i want the last moments of your life to be my dick raping that ugly little pussy of yours. i want you to feel this as you die and know i did it.... i killed you with my dick. for the rest of your dumb slut life you'll feel the pain  im causing you. for every. last. second. make sense? course not, you're too stupid to get it. if you weren't stupid i wouldn't be raping you right now." one thing about this was right i guess, i will remember the pain you caused me the rest of my life. it's longer than you thought im sure, but as you so desperately wished i will remember your actions. 

i dont even wanna know why you did it the first time. i dont wanna know why you did it again. and again. and again. you get the picture. whatever you say to me is irrelevant to me. you are just a sack of fucking shit who couldn't resist making his dick happy. funny, im called a slut whos only good for her pussy, yet the only thing in life you live for is satisfying you own dick..... contradictory it seems. 

youve created people inside me. its not just me pretending to be someone else and changing my name, when i say aliya is talking to me, shes there speaking. when she comes out of my brain and into my body, i am no longer there. i cant remember what she says or does when she controls my body. she acts completely differently than i do. she's an alternate driver in my bodys driver seat. and theres 11 of them all living in my head and knowing the only reason they exist is because of some guys stupid ugly small fucking dick. 

there are kids too. luna- 6. sam- 2. bessie- 8. sam- 10. they all hurt and carry the weight of your actions against my body and mind. they relive the moments before, during, and after my attack every single day. the feel the pain, the sadness, the anger, everything. 

what you did was not okay. it never will be. it never was. you messed me up, caused my depression fibro anxiety guilt sorrow etc. but you also messed up 11 other people. by fucking one little girl you managed to actually end up fucking 5. i bet that makes your sick little brain happy doesn't it. 

i hate you. i despise you. i loathe you. and i cant do anything about you. youre gone, i never knew who you were, and ill never see you again. you got away with your "perfect" crime.

i hope youre proud of yourself. i hope you are happy. not that it really matters to you, but i wanna kill myself and by doing that im murdering the girls/guys in my head as well. im hurting my husband. im hurting the only person whos ever actually cared about me. 

i hope someone kills you. i hope its painful. i hope youre tortured. i hope every last second of your life is filled with pain, its only returning the favor really, right? 

fuck you. fuck you fuck you fuck you."