I'm an even bigger mess than I thought I wasI'm 23.

I've spent all of my years waddling through life, always with the "What can I do for the world?" thought process in the back of my head. I never succeeded. I never made huge achievements that would put me on the front page of the news. I never did anything that wow'ed my family. Most of my uncles earned a police record rather than a diploma, yet they're all hard workers who are well-deserving of good things...I, on the other hand, am not worthy of sharing even the same name with them. I'm no Man.My mom was a teenage mother, lost &amp; alone w/ nobody to support her. My father an often-ignored son of his father. They're both strong people today, who keep smiles on their faces despite being diabetic, financially-struggling, &amp; knowing that we're, in some ways, barely surviving.I was bullied all throughout my childhood. I learned what hatred was at an early age. I, for some reason, contemplated things like murder at such an early age as well...I guess I really hated being bullied.

And yet, I'm the only one out of my siblings to graduate. I'm the only one who actually had a shot at helping our family. But I blew it. I had a chance at a good university out of high school -- I turned it down. I had a good job offer -- I gave up halfway through because it meant me being away from family. I've now realized that maybe there's a reason why nothing ever works out for me. Maybe there's a reason why I'm never happy. Maybe....I'm meant to end it all myself.  
And now, as of today, I'm possibly jobless. I've been a no-call, no-show at work all week. Now I'm nervous if I should even bother stopping by &amp; asking if I even have a job anymore...I haven't answered my phone all week. I've shunned my family away. I thought for sure that this week was going to be it. I was going to find something -- anything -- to just end it all. And yet, last night, I wussed out again. I don't know why I can't go through with it,...but I want to.

In conclusion: I'm a fake. I'm a failure. I'm pathetic. I had the opportunities -- I blew them. I had the chances -- I didn't take them. I wander this subreddit &amp; help others -- I can't provide it to myself. I enjoy loving others -- I can't love myself. I preach patience -- I have none with myself. I preach kindness -- I've become angry with the world. 

I don't deserve anything that I have. I'm no help to anyone. I'm no service to anyone, &amp; never will be. I'm useless to the world &amp; myself. 

I'm sorry.   
