just, I don't know. help. please. I need help, from somewhere. 

I find it very difficult to deal with the thoughts I have, lately.

I am not a danger to myself or to others, but I find myself frightened, all the time. 

I try to convince myself God exists just so I can make the bad thoughts go away. 

I feel guilty for things I had absolutely no control over. I know it works this way, it is crazy to believe it works any other way. 

I am still grieving over the loss of my grandfather, my friend in highschool, my other step grandfathers... these deaths happened many years ago. I have a lot of unresolved grief. 

Is there any way out of this? I fear that someone is watching me. Judging me. Deciding whether I deserve to live.

Is it just me? I am suicidal. But I am not. Because I love life. But I am so sad. But sometimes I am not. 

I am me, I am me and there is no one else who is me. I am alone. I have my family, but right now in my life, I am alone, emotionally. And I just do not know how I am going to get through this. But I go through it often. It always feels like this. It does. It makes me feel like dying. But I don't. I've tried. A lot. After I swallowed lots of pills, I called 911. It was hell, the next morning, in the ER. They had a shit ton of caffeine in them, and there was no one there with me at the hospital. Everyone spoke spanish, I don't speak spanish. I just played the piano, like I usually do at mental hospitals.

I tried to hang myself. I slashed my wrists many times. I tried to slash my throat. I am glad all those times, that I am still here. It would have broken my parents hearts. I was in a bad relationship at the time, but we both had our issues. 

My friend in high school committed suicide. It destroyed all the relationships around him, people just were not the same afterwards. Everyone I talked to seem to blame their self for his death. I still blame myself for it. If only I had done this differently, or that. But I couldn't have done anything differently. I can't look at the past that way. 

I find it hard to eat. I find it hard to sleep. I find work very hard to do. I find myself crying, and then completely absorbed by shit on reddit. I may smile, but then I stop myself, because I remember other things, mostly, that I'm miserable. It's just distractions.

I don't know what to do. I know I need help but the only place I've ever gone for help was reddit, where I actually listened to the people and their advice. So please, if there's anything anyone out there can offer to me in this very difficult point in my life, I would appreciate it. 

I don't know where these thoughts are coming from, I don't know why I just keep worrying about other people. I worry that other people are suicidal like me. So, I know at least here, I am posting this to the right place.

Just, whatever you are going through, it gets better. I am kind of tired at this point of having gone through this so many times, but, I know I make it through each time. And I hope if you are reading this, that you will too. 