Out of Options, Time to Go** UPDATE **
Things have actually improved, I just thought I should let people know that. I've decided to go for it and move, and I've got the full support of everyone in my life who cares about me, including my dad and musician friends. In the meantime, to help finance it, I've somehow gotten myself a temporary job at a place I really like with people who are genuinely cool to be around. I don't know how I'll feel in a few months, but right now, I think I can hang on a little longer. 

Original Post:
The universe doesn't want me to be alive. I grew up in a horribly abusive household, giving me lifelong depression and PTSD. The shitty genetics I got from the same people that abused me gave me OCD, fibromyalgia, back problems, IBS, the worst insomnia ever (I don't sleep without drugs. I just don't. It takes days of me staying up before I ever drop naturally.) and horrible anxiety in general. I got no real life skills from them aside from "how to have a complete break with reality so being physically harmed, being under constant threat of molestation, and psychological torture so bad the UN would rail against your family as war criminals hurts a little bit less.) and no real education, being "homeschooled." Every day I'm scared that somehow this is all a dream and I'm still back in that house asleep, waiting to be hurt some more, in constant isolation and never being allowed outside to even run up to 7-11. 

My father, feeling guilty for letting my schizophrenic mother destroy my entire life, is paying most of my rent and has been for years (I'm 24 now.) since I tried to kill myself all the time when I lived at home, et cetera. I went to community college for a long time, constantly dropping classes because it's very difficult to attend school when you're constantly shitting your guts out from stress and in pain. Every time I get a job I can never hold it for longer than a month before I have to quit for health reasons. The last one let me go during training because I sucked so much, but it was okay, because after a week I was already literally shitting blood and I haven't really stopped since. I was making a tiny bit of money to contribute (And occasionally have a good time, go places.) through Amazon's Mechanical Turks but they recently suspended my account for unknown reasons and just told me today that there's nothing I can do about it whatsoever.

I don't have a degree, obviously, and while I have a reasonable amount of office skills from freelancing and shit no one wants to hire me and I don't have a car so applying for jobs just makes me cry because I look at the map for how I'd even get to any given place and realize it would be a 2 hour clusterfuck of bus transfers when it would take less than fifteen minutes by car. I'm a really good musician, I'll give myself that, but aren't we fucking all? And a writer, and an artist, but I hardly put anything out because my depression is so bad and I feel like nobody gives a shit even though I have a lot of friends that do. I just go on social media and see other people get thousands of reposts when they aren't even good just because they're cute and good at marketing themselves and it just makes me not even want to try. 

On top of everything else, I'm transgender (Which makes people want to hire me even less, if they do any sort of poking into my history and see the name change that makes it obvious, also I don't "pass" for shit.), otherwise I'd become a sex worker probably then get arrested and hang myself in jail or whatever. Before you say "But transgender sex workers do make money!" I'll let you know, I'm ftm, you know, the kind everyone generally considers completely unfuckable. I can't even get on hormones cuz' I can't afford the monthly co-pay though I was able to get surgery as that cost me basically nothing. What does this mean I look like? To most people, a hideous, mutilated woman (Not saying I think I look like that, I actually really like the way I look in general, but I'm being realistic.). Yeah I'm sure people are going to want to give me money to touch that, right. And besides I've got issues and I'd be so dissociated the whole time in order to not be there in my body it would give them the willies.

All I want to do is lie in bed and cry, which you can't do for the next 50 years of your life, because you have to pay rent to have somewhere to cry and clearly I can't. I'm a complete waste of space and I wish I had never been born. The only things that stop me from slitting my wrists right now and getting it over with are some other musicians that I actually went on tour with this year who made me promise I wouldn't (I know I'll break it eventually, but I want to tour again with them if at all possible before I kick the bucket.), my even more disabled sibling who is still in that fucking hell house being tormented and doesn't have a single friend in the world except me and I wish so bad I could rescue, and a girl I like who really likes me (I know! A miracle!) who is the most lovely angel but lives really far away. I don't want to hurt them but would they rather I die and be at peace or be homeless and alive? There's no hope for me to ever live a normal life and I'll never be happy, not really. It's time to just stop. I tried and struggled for 24 years, I gave it a really good try. I'm proud of myself for trying for so long, and making some beautiful things while I did despite the pain and difficulty. My reward should be that I don't have to try anymore. No one's going to step in and save my life like I dreamed about as a teenager. No one's miraculously going to give me a job at a queer-friendly start-up or a record deal or be a billionaire and fall in love with me no matter what I do but I can kill myself, I can do that. I have a tiny bit of savings scraped together that I was going to use to go on tour again with my beloved musician friends (I have a lot of friends, ugh, they're all going to be so mad at me.) but instead I really want to use it to go to my favorite place and jump off a building for my 25th birthday next year. Though knowing me I'll even fail that.

The worst part is, I have almost enough credits that I could say "Fuck it," take out a shit ton of loans, and go back to school via transferring but I'm missing one math credit and without it no one will take me AT ALL in my state (Out of state tuition is too ridiculous to even fathom for someone who's always been in poverty like me.) and I'd basically be starting over entirely in any degree program anyway. Besides, like I said, shitting blood. And all my friends with degrees are arguably almost as fucked as me, even the ones with STEM degrees. They just have shitty retail jobs and loans to pay back and a lot fewer disabilities to deal with. Oh and before anyone says "get on disability," that's not enough to pay rent anywhere and I can't have roommates because part of my PTSD stems from having a former roommate and raging drug addict try to ruin my life and possibly kill me so every time I even try to move in with someone I trust outside of a romantic context (For some reason despite all my relationships where I've arguably been abused, that's just not a part of my PTSD.) I start getting psychotic with paranoia and. And before you say "lol get therapy," my insurance has arguably the shittiest mental health program in the universe and I'm literally too fucked in the head to be helped. 