I don't want to kill myself, but i want to die (update)This is an update of a post that i wrote a couple of days ago, i'm going to include the original post here as well that way i can delete the original post.
I apologize for the book.
I'm a seventeen year old male and I have a high libido. I've been longing for a relationship since the age of nine, but i haven't really wanted anything serious until i was twelve. The first and pretty much only date that I have ever had was in the sixth grade, when i walked a girl home from school in the sixth grade, and she flaked halfway through when she saw me speaking to my sister.
I haven't had a date with her since, and the next time i crushed on a girl was a year later, at thirteen. I met a girl named Mianna and I was instantly infatuated with her. I say infatuated because i wasn't really aware what love was back then. I remember asking her out and she said no, i don't date, and that crushed me. I remember asking out every single girl in my grade and they still said no to me.
It's difficult, being single yet at the same time seeing other people in relationships. I don't see anything wrong with me, but i just feel like nobody wants me (in a sexual way. I know and understand people want and care for me, but it's been so long since I had a girlfriend that I don't feel it)
I have two friends. One is 18, so he graduated high school a year before me. The other is fifteen and he never returns my calls. That's literally all my friends irl. 
Let’s talk about my relationship with my father. He’s not physically abusive but I feel like he’s verbally abusive. I feel like he gets some sort of kick out of belittling me. He says he’s not insulting me, yet he says I’m weak, says all I know how to do is play video games, that I never exercise, that my art looks like a kindergartner did it, etc. But no, he’s not insulting me. According to him.
Sometimes he threatens to break my stuff. One time, I forgot to put the laundry away, and he said to me as I was putting the laundry away “I swear to God Caleb, if you don’t shape up I’m gonna take that phone and break it.” I wasn’t even using my phone. It was face down, locked and charging.
One time he caught me watching Trapped in the Closet (he doesn’t like me listening to R Kelly.) His response? He threatens to take my Xbox One (that I had just spent $230 on, selling my 360 in the process) and throw it in the fucking street if he catches me listening to R Kelly again.
When I was thirteen, I got in trouble for lying about being on the computer, so he asked for my phone. No big deal. I go to give him my phone and HE TAKES MY FUCKING 3DS AND THROWS IT AGAINST THE WALL BECAUSE I DIDN’T GIVE HIM MY PHONE FAST ENOUGH. He then takes my OTHER DS (my black DSi) and throws it across the hallway. And then he says that I’m lucky he’s even vacuuming the glass off my floor (he threw my 3DS against a picture that my grandparents gave my mother, by the way)
On Google+, I have 1,120 followers. I feel like that should make me happy because I have over 1000 friends but only a few of them actually talk to me. Nobody spams (likes all of my posts in order to blow up my notifications) me either, and nobody comments on my posts.
I don't feel wanted. Every girl i ask out says no to me. When i decide to take a break on girls and let them approach me, nobody does. I'm a senior in high school, i go to a charter and I'm on independent study, so I only go to school on monday. The extent of social interaction that I have is during lunch, and i spend lunch sitting in a corner trying not to cry. Every single girl I ask out is taken. It can’t be a coincidence. 
I feel like girls are getting into relationships just for an excuse to say no to me. I’m actually to the point where I suffer from bipolar disorder. I’m happy MOST OF THE TIME but when I see people in relationships showing the TINIEST BIT OF AFFECTION TO THE OTHER PERSON, it sets me into a fit of depression. Three times I’ve unintentionally pulled all nighters because I’m too depressed to go to sleep.
Just recently, I remember asking someone out online through Google+, she was relatively pretty, and she told me she wanted to get to know me first, and so I did. I finally get to asking her out and she said “sorry, but I’m a guy. I was just trolling you,” and then she took the fact that I got rejected so often lightly.
Also just recently, I got backstabbed by my best friend. Apparently my best friend Macy (who lives in Florida, by the way, this was over google+ as well) never really liked me. She just put up with me. That’s what her friend Simon told me, anyway. She was so tired of me being depressed that she faked being sick with the flu and PRETENDED that her best friend (who happened to be my ex girlfriend, by the way) was on her account until she felt better, and she made it sound like her best friend was fucking bashing me and by the time I had enough of it and blocked her she posted saying “Good, he’s gone, I had enough of him, I can go back to normal again”
I cut myself and posted a photo of it to r/pics and it was removed because I was eliciting sympathy. That’s only because I can’t post it to r/SuicideWatch OR r/depression, neither subreddit allows photos (can the mods maybe update the subreddit to allow photos? I'd be so grateful)
I can’t tell my parents how depressed I am or they’ll blame the internet and take my phone, like I said in the most recent post I made to r/SuicideWatch. Whenever they ask what’s wrong with me, I lie and say “I’m in a mood, it’ll pass,” or “I’m in a bad mood,” or “I’m just irritable.”
I can’t call a suicide hotline for the reasons discussed by u/mariamoonacre in their post, that if I call a suicide hotline, they’ll think I’m just doing it for attention. (mods, please tag if that doesn’t mention).
I’ve thought of plenty of ways to end it. I can’t shoot myself because I don’t have a gun. I can’t slit my wrists because I’m afraid it’ll physically hurt. That leaves overdosing (I have my acne medicine, I take tetracycline, plus I have a 500 pill bottle of 200mg ibuprofen) but I’m even afraid to overdose because I know and understand people do care about me, I just feel like nobody wants me.
The way i thought about ending it is by listening to "Don't Go," by Fascinoma, mouthing the lyrics while i slowly slit my wrists, and as i bleed out, i think about my life as I swallow thirty ibuprofin pills at once (my regular dosage is 2-3 pills at a time) 
I typed this out in Microsoft Word instead of the reddit text box and it’s a page and a half long. I apologize for the book.
Edit: Four upvotes. I'm grateful. But can you guys please comment?