It's not any easier the second time.Hi.

I'm K, in university, and I'm really bad at starting this kind of thing.  I just got out of a class after realising I'd forgotten to hand not only an assignment I have finished (missed it by two days), but an important deliverable on a large project that is maybe 30% done.  I have a midterm in two hours which I feel unprepared for, but I can't focus.  I cried silently in the bathroom not ten minutes ago, then re-applied my mascara and gave a practice smile at my reflection before stepping back out into the hallway.

I look nice today.  I can pull off charming, funny.  I'm single, but I have a large circle of friends.  None of them know I tried to kill myself in high school.  Yesterday, I fantasized about jumping in front of cars.

It feels so fucking lame to write this out and I can't organize myself.  It's all academics so far, though, so I guess I'll start there... I keep getting told from all sides, pull up your bootstraps, work hard and study and you'll get good grades and lead a happy life as some kind of professional whatever the fuck.  They make it sound so easy.  Everyone I meet with a degree makes it look so easy.  I was smart in high school, and my Arts degree acquaintances see me as some kind of math genius - although among my peers I'm mediocre at what I do, at best.  

Work hard, Christ.  I feel like I haven't slept a night in nearly ten years, and it's all for what?  Fucking nothing.  I work hard at a shitty job so I can pay my tuition, so I can work hard in university to get a degree with my average grades, so I can get an equally shitty job which pays more (if I'm lucky - I met a cab driver with a Master's the other day) so I can pay bills for a big, empty, useless house to keep all my stuff in.  It's all about fucking money, isn't it?  It's all about working hard, isn't it?  Does it feel this hollow for everyone?

I'm so tired of working hard.  I don't care about my degree but I'm three years in and mediocre at pretty much everything else anyway.  Talking to people has become a chore, I feel nothing for my friends.  All I ever feel like doing any more is sleep.  I don't see a future in anything.

What's important to me - family?  My brothers, maybe, but I haven't seen my father in ages and my mother... well, she doesn't like her kids very much.  I live with her, and I suppose I should be grateful, but she has no sympathy for the fact that I work 30 hours a week on top of a difficult courseload and so spends enough time on Facebook that I end up taking care of the younger two kids.  (Those kids are the only connection I feel like I have to anyone any more, and all they do is fight with me.  I don't know why I bother.)

Not to mention, I have yet to tell her I'm an atheist and a lesbian - double whammy, there.  I suspect she's thinking it, though - never had a boyfriend, and I ran up a phone bill talking to a girlfriend who moved away when I was in high school.  She is a smart woman otherwise, but very emotional and very religious -  in the past, she said be more concerned if I were gay than if I were addicted to heroin.  (Explicitly.   I asked her to settle a bet with my brother and ended up turning it into a joke to cover, but it wasn't the answer I expected and it hurt a lot to hear.)

She WILL kick me out, so I can't tell her.  (I ran away once in high school for two days before they found me.  The next year, I got kicked out just before graduation after a large argument and stayed with friends for a couple weeks.  Yesterday night she started throwing my things out the door over me being home late before she calmed down... she's very frequently angry).  I wouldn't have enough money to go out on my own, even helping pay rent with a roommate.  I'm utterly dependent, and I hate it.  I think she does too.

Why can't I have been born straight?  It would be so much easier if I were.

I feel like this doesn't seem like anything worth writing about - I'm healthy, after all.  There's no coherence, no "big thing" wrong with me.  I have a place to sleep.  In fact, it's been worse.  But every time, I tell myself "one more year" and almost every time I still hate myself at the end of it

When I was twelve my parents split.  Very messy affair.  Ended up with a half-brother.  Dad was addicted to gambling, stole from me.

Thirteen, my mother marries the pastor she had an affair with.  Ostracised from church. 

Fourteen, he starts beating her.  Threatens me.  I call the cops on him.  Divorce.  Father gets married.  Divorces, as well - his wife saying that it was explicitly mine and my brothers' faults.  I'm pretty fucked up by this point.  Never had any stability because of all the moving around, forced to take care of my brothers as I'm the oldest of four.

By fifteen, I was cutting myself, doing badly in school, and having panic attacks.  My mother was suicidal and despondent.  She more than once threatened me, told me she hated me, regretted having me.  I have a scar on my face from when I was hit with a remote.  

Sixteen, I have a terrible panic attack on my birthday, which I didn't celebrate that year (and haven't since).  Seventeen... more of the same.  Realised I'm gay.  I tried to run away, but thinking about leaving my brothers guilted me into returning (I got caught on my way home).  Every time I went into my house, she was either screaming at one of her kids or screaming at her ex-husband on the phone, or crying in her room. 

Eighteen, my mother tried to commit me after I attempted suicide.  They can't keep me at the hospital (legally), but I do start attending services and am considered a high risk.  I try to live with my dad, his new fiancee hates me, I move back in with my mom after a few months.  Graduate, get a job.

Nineteen, everyone gets counselling, but... well, I was better for a little while.  I can't remember, though, it's like a big blank space.  I suppose I must have been concerned with getting into university.  I remember not having many friends left after high school graduation.

When I got into uni, I thought it would be okay, but it's always more of the same.  My mom seems more concerned about the furniture than her kids, and my lack of empathy towards my "friends" frightens me - I feel so lonely, and hopeless, and I wonder what I have to look forward to...  From here it looks like not much more than a life of work in a job I'll hate - mostly 'cause I can't think of a single job I'd LIKE - and either getting ostracized by my family for being gay OR never having a girlfriend ever again (or both).

Fan-fucking-tastic.

I'm so frustrated.  I can't leave, I have no money.  I can't leave, my brothers need me.  I can't leave, I'm so close to being finished my degree.  Then it'll be a job.  Then it'll be a mortgage.   Logically, I know that I've been through worse or that there's always a chance it'll get better... but I can't seem to convince myself.  Every action is empty and meaningless and that's the way the world works and there's nothing I can fucking do about it.  Either I kill myself, or go through the motions until something else does.  We're all just goddamned monkeys wearing fancy suits and pretending to be sophisticated.  It looks so ridiculous.

My mind's been invaded with escapist thoughts that I can't seem to stop; violent fantasies, self-deprecation, suicide.  I pretty much hate myself.  I'm having panic attacks again, fixated on not being able to control myself and worrying I'm going insane when they happen.  It's all coming back and I'm terrified.  I thought it was over, but it's like this fucking illness never really goes away.