Completely lost, and feeling empty.I'm not even sure where to begin. This has been a lingering feeling for a little over two years now, and I've finally hit my breaking point. I'm not suicidal, exactly, and I'm not going to take my own life, but I have absolutely no desire to continue living. 
On the outside, it looks like I have a phenomenal life. I'm getting great grades at my university, I've got the potential to get into some great law schools, I'm running my own website that's doing fairly well, I'm in great shape, and I'm surrounded by people who love me. 
The problem is, I feel...empty. For two years, I have been essentially void of emotion. It's all thanks to a girl. For four years, I had on/off relationship with a girl who I planned on spending my life with. She would periodically leave my life, and enter it again as she pleased. I dealt with it because she made me happy...and I never felt more like myself than I did when I was with her. Two years ago, she left for good. She changed her number, she blocked me on Skype, all of that. I thought that was it, and it broke my heart. She didn't say goodbye, she never told me why she was leaving. One day she was here, the next she wasn't. I have vulnerability issues now. I can't connect with anybody. My psyche won't let me. I'm just emotionless. I can pretend, but it's never real. I just...can't feel anything. 
Every now and then, I would send her emails to her old address, thinking she would never read them, and I could vent a little. Last Sunday, she replied to one. The response said "Prologue: I hate myself and I want to die." We spoke a bit, and I asked her for an explanation, but she basically said she didn't have the patience to explain it, that these emails were tedious, and she only continued the conversation because she was bored. Since then, I only sleep a few hours every night, because I wake up after having nightmares about her. After waking up, I always have to vomit. I feel physically ill. I can't move on without closure, and I told her that. She doesn't reply. 
I'm at a loss. The girl I gave my everything to doesn't care enough to help me move on. 
She knows that she's made it impossible for me to be happy, she knows I can't have anything with anyone else, and she doesn't care. 
Now I don't know what to do. I've spent many days just hoping something would come along and end it for me. I have nowhere else to go. None of this is anything I can admit to people I know without scaring them. 