I need help (not as major as the other posts here)I just wanted to start off this post by saying I am sorry if there are typos or this seems unorganized, I am ADHD and have poor fine motor control in my fingers, and that I am also young (in high school) I will now begin.
My life seems ok and at times it's alright and I do enjoy life sometimes,however my problems seem to greatly outweigh my enjoyments in life, (also before I get fully started on this I just wanted to say I'm not on the verge of suicide but I feel like this is the only place that I know of on where I can talk about this) each and every day seems very difficult and almost always involves a form of either embarrassment to me or someone Im with/near or me feeling so very guilty over something I did, whether it was that day or another, it always seems to come back to haunt me. Usually the guilt I have is when I say something terrible without thinking, trying to do something and help that I don't know much about and I just feel as though I can't help but always screwing up, it just feels like each day is part of an endless cycle of guilt, embarrassment and sometimes pain, I have never committed a crime, or done anything illegal I have been raised in a nice home with loving family members that I am grateful for, however it also makes me feel even more guilt when people compare my "problems" that they apparently know, to someone that has it worse then me, it's almost like "since your problems aren't as terrible as these problems, they are basically irrelevant". I have talked to a psychologist, but not about these things, but rather to get diagnosed with ADHD, so I could get an IEP (individual education plan) even though this makes school easier I still find it hard to make it though each school day only to go home distract myself with a small amount of enjoyment before I then do more work until I procrastinate for a while and then go to bed. And thus the cycle, continues except this time an assignment is late, which adds onto my already stressed out mind. I will now talk about more specific recent mistakes. Earlier today I was on this sub Reddit attempting to help a person who seemed certain of committing suicide, and I desperately tried to help them, but it turned out that lie usual, I was t good enough and all of my efforts were for naught. When I tried to help, every time I would get corrected it would make me feel worse about myself and how terrible I am at everything I try to be good at. All I want to do is to help people, but at this point I don't know if I can because of how terrible I am with everything I try to be good with. Part of me is determined to live my life all the way through, but another part of me feels like I'm so much older than I am because each day with this cycle feels so long and deliberately difficult, that it's hard to tolerate, at times I feel broken, that there is nothing that I can do, and I just feel like I'm nothing, like I'm worthless, and to be honest, other people around me are somewhat supportive about many general things, but it pains me to know that they will never know the mental pain, that I keep  having each and everyday, so please respond and give some advice, I know this doesn't seem major enough to be put up on here but I feel like I have no where else to go. So please help me, I will take any suggestions.
Please refer to me as "Ben" in the comments.
