I am filth, I am poisonI've spent years trying to convince everyone that I'm doomed, years of people pretending that I'm wrong thanks to an unhealthy obsession with Disney movies or whatever that makes people think there's someone for everyone. 

Me and my friend had a talk about this, and my latest conclusion is this: I don't really connect with most people. 

We already knew this. But it's also the reason why I will die alone. I think. I need answers for why it'll happen, i can't just accept it with nothing behind it. 

So the question is "how do you know?" And the answer is simply because all the factors are against me, openly against my own improvement. We're not listing them, you already know them.

Same reason why I will fail in my career. It's the same thing all around. It's how I've failed almost every job interview. It's not even failure on a romantic/sexual level, it's just pure failure all around, no real success to be had. There is no success of any kind in my life. We know this, for two years it has been the only constant of my life, that I am genetically predisposed to failure, that it's in my blood for some reason.

Genetically or whatever, I was designed to fail as easily as I breathe. The sheer capacity of the failure I experience on a daily basis, the way how I have nothing right now (literally, without my parents' financial support and student loans, I'd be a hobo). Hell, dying a virgin is only the tip of an iceberg. Yeah, that's a given. Yes, you all either know this or in denial about this because it's a cold ugly truth that isn't Disney at all.

Hell, the only time I write without writer's block is when I write here, just pure bile about myself and how terrible I am. My scripts are all about suicide. Virginity is the ugliest word in the English language, suicide is the most beautiful. 

Long and short of it, I'm too much of a coward to do it. I'm scared shitless of dying still. I'm scared shitless that death might be even worse than this hell on earth that is my existence. I don't like to admit that, because my death is the best possible thing for me (which of course you fuckers can't deny, you try valiantly, some of you). Ask them if I'd be better off dead, ask all the people I've turned into enemies over the years. Not bad people, not even close. Perfectly logical reasons to dislike me, can't argue that.

So honestly, I don't know how to become more courageous. Certainly it's selfish, but it's about goddamn time I'm selfish. I'm slowly losing any care I might have for how much it'll hurt people. David Foster Wallace said suicide is jumping out of a burning building. I'd rather die from the fall. I just can't build up the courage to do so. I know how I could do it painlessly, I know the cost and where to get it from. And yet I don't try to do it, I live day after tortuous day, each confirming the inevitable, that whether it happens today or ten years from now, it's one of two ways I'm leaving this accursed universe that has no room for me. The other is someone murdering me. I don't know why anyone would kill me, no one hates me that much apart from myself. 

Yes, it's a sad fact, knowing that you exist in a universe which has no need of you. My existence has changed nothing. I am but a parasite, taking from all that I encounter. I'm beyond feral animal, I'm just a black hole, a poison. You could call the opposite of the Midas touch My touch. 

I don't even feel depressed or sad right now. I feel resigned. I know how I must go, I won't do it. Why won't I do it? Am I still hoping that things will magically work out, that I'll meet another stupid girl and she'll think my brooding and my hate are attractive? Unless that friend of mine talks me up as a sex god again, not happening. And it would be unethical to ask him to lie for me. 

"You're going through such a tough time." Boy, am I. 

"Everything will be OK." Jesus, it's like Instagram uses your brain as storage for its data. 

But you fit. I'm bitter about that, that you all fit. I'm jealous, even. You all certainly deserve to fit, and to feel love and care and compassion and all that. I can be jealous and honest at the same time. But I must also be honest too that there is no need for me. I don't impact anything or anyone. I am not desired or wanted in any capacity. If I died tomorrow, you wouldn't even know, that's the hysterical part. I could get the bravery to go and you'd never know. I won't, because I haven't bought the materials for a painless death (really need to).

And there will be trigger warnings for this, and I'll get banned again, and maybe the mods will finally permaban me for good like I need to be, and kept away from you people. All you can do with a feral animal is euthanize it, after all. A feral animal is of no use to anyone. It just snarls and attacks, and people very naturally aren't so fond of that. It's just pure filth and anger, it's beyond fixing. And all this feral animal does is slowly isolate itself even more in the hopes that it can be alone. Animals tend to isolate themselves when they're about to die, I hope this means my animal instincts will take over and I'll die the death I want. 

Should I live so that you're comfortable? Because death makes people uncomfortable? Because death is taboo in western society? Because we're scared shitless of it? Should I live so you can feel safe and secure, that Daddy's little investment wins some Oscars so you can be proud? 

No, I don't think I have any reason to be here. He's patiently waiting for that moment where he gets brave. He hopes its soon. Ironically, his death would be the best thing he could ever do for anyone. No longer would that dick, that hurtful man, that complete fucking prick be around. He'd no longer insult people, he'd no longer publicly humiliate them, he'd no longer waste the time of his teachers with projects he pulled out of his ass. His acquaintances wouldn't have to deal with his temper, his family wouldn't have to deal with his inadequacy. 

"Such a rough time for you, hang on. I don't know why you should hang on, just do it." 

"It gets better." Fuck you, Dan Savage. Go fucking die. Fuck you for even lying to the public like that. Fuck you for making money off of people's pain, you fuck. 

Hell, we're all dying one day. If you're worthless, might as well leave the station early. 

And the cycle begins anew. Again and again and again. Pretending things could get better. "GIRLS COULD LIKE ME." "I COULD BE GOOD AT SOMETHING." "MY LIFE HAS MEANING."

And once again, I'll realize the truth. And once again, real me, the hurtful hateful waste of man, that filth, that poison, that monster, that creature, will come out to play. The real me wants me dead. He wants me to stop feeling. 

I'm not even drunk, I'm just sleep-deprived. Seriously sleep-deprived. I don't talk like this to anyone else, so thanks internet for being the one place I can be my real nasty disgusting self. Filth filth filth, it's all my mind is reminding me of. Filth. Filth. Filth. 

Tell me with a straight face that I'm wrong. Fucking try. Actually try this time, no Disney bullshit. Fucking try. I double dare you. Try to pretend, try to lie because HAPPINESS IS GOOD HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY. CANNOT BE SAD SAD THINGS ARE SAD OH NO.

That's all i want. I want the truth. The truth is that my death is the only thing I could ever do properly, correctly, beautifully. I would be beautiful dead. Because the universe would be one speck cleaner without me.