Too many words to describe it, few weeks to convey itHello. I don't know who cares to to read this at this late of an hour or who puts much thought into it as well. I don't know exactly why I'm doing this or what I hope to achieve. I am a 20 year old young adult in college and working a steady job, living with my brother, mother, and step-father. I have a sister whose moved out and is having a successful life. I'm quite close to everyone in my family, I buy my own things, make or purchase hot meals, and try to enjoy things while making my way through my life. Even going to college and attending classes in my third year. I'm even openly homosexual and my family accepts me for that, even told them when I was very young. I also apologize for those who read this thick wall of text, it's like a cinder block.

I should grateful, right? I should feel like I'm normal and happy. I should feel like I can look at my future with any modicum of optimism and hopefulness. That I should be happy that I have my own things, I even own my own car, pay for my own phone, and so on. Aren't these supposed to be the elements of hard-working, young adults life that help me feel like I'm getting somewhere? In truth, through my eyes, no matter what I do, try, or work towards, I have no future. I have no idea where I want to go with my life or what I want to do. I wake up with the dread of simply existing, the days I have my college classes through the day I feel like I simply go to satisfy some requirement to pass the class, get the good grade and move on without understanding why I'm doing it. Why am I shoveling myself in student debt in hopes that I'll figure out a plan that will help with my life, to make my family proud as the youngest son, or to feel like I'm actually earning an education when I BARELY passed high school (because screw you math). I had to force myself to go this year, otherwise I might have never gone back. I wonder what's the point of working a job that I don't completely enjoy (construction clean-up), and I only have the job because of my step-father and mother, because they work it together. I rarely only ever talk about this stuff with my mother, but at times it's brief and I don't say too much, and whatever I do say I ask her just to forget about it.

I have, as stereotypical as it sounds, no real social life. I don't talk to many people aside from family, I have a small circle of online friends I feel quite close to, but of course that's no real replacement for a relationship with a real person. I try to be more out there, to have the desire to actually build a social life, but I can't find the desire or motivation to do it. The only moments where I don't feel that anxiety is when I'm by myself, in my room, sitting with my laptop and just...staring at the screen. I've also never gone to a doctor to get diagnosed for depression. Never really have the time for it, too busy with doing work which I feel unhappy with and going to school which I don't feel like I'm actually doing anything there anymore. Even if I go to see a doctor and get diagnosed with depression, I would refuse any sort of anti-depressants or medicine of that type. I feel sick at the idea of needing a drug to help me control my own messed up mind, when I was younger I took medicine to help me sleep, and now I have that under control and sleep normally, I even have a pretty decent sleep schedule.

So, what's the point of all this rambling? Of me, some random stranger talking about himself on a reddit board about depression?

I feel like I am a burden. That every moment of my existence that isn't spent being a useful person or helpful to anyway, to any moment I see like a homeless person and drive by, to seeing other people with good hearts doing things that I fail to do, it feels like I shouldn't be around. There are so many good people in the world, all of them living happy lives with hope and idea of what they want to do with themselves while I sit here, rambling on and bumbling about with not having fathomed a single idea of what the hell I want to do with myself in the future. I'm 20 years old and I'm not even at the starting line yet, and I only have myself to blame. I also feel like I am a burden to my mother. Every moment I'm not spending doing anything I can trying to ease her life, considering she took the time to take care of her kids, my passed away grandmother when we moved in with her some time ago, and going through a divorce from a crappy husband, all those times I feel like I am nothing but a failure. Every moment I'm not working to earn money, every penny I don't give to my mother to ease her burden, are times I feel like it would simply be better if I sold every single thing I own, left the envelope of money in her room, and left and never came back. One less mouth to feed, right? One less useless piece of garbage she has to look at. I have no future, no end goal, and any type of objective I try to set for myself, like deciding what career I want or something like that, I know I'm not smart enough or good enough at anything to do it. I have no talent in anything. I'm not smart, I'm not very good looking, and my speech skills are in the negatives. Who'd want to hire a useless blob?