Haven't gone to class in a week or two.  Compose suicide letters in my head as a fall asleep.  Other than that... life is good?It's a story that's been told a thousand times, really.

I'm nearing graduation.  Well, trying, at least.  I'm doing a "victory lap," as some call it.  I've never been much good at running.

I can't remember a time when I haven't had occassional suicidal urges.  Even as a kid, I would have been so happy if it had just... ended.  That seems to be all I ever want.  To just fall asleep, and never, ever wake up.

And that's what I've been doing, recently.  I've been missing my morning class every day for a week or two.  This is not good.  I'm just... ashamed.  I had been procrastinating on homework, and then I skipped a class, and now it's like I can't go back, because of the shame, till I catch up on everything... but I'm not even trying.  I'm not trying in my other two classes.  It's like I'm just in one big escapism loop.

And things are, potentially, not that bad.  I know I just need to pull together and get through this last bit.  I recently started dating a simply amazing guy, but it is long distance, and we only get to see each other about once a month.  I've got a wonderful family, but because they are so wonderful I'm ashamed to talk to them, to ask them for help.  They love me a lot.  To admit to these feelings I have... it would hurt them.  So I don't say anything.

Back to school.  I make it sound so easy.  Maybe it is.  I've got a math class that I'm about two weeks behind on.  A liberal arts class that... well, it's about the same amount of behind on, actually.  And a class from last spring, that I only made it halfway through, that I need to finish up by the end of November.  It's a notoriously difficult class, and... I just don't know where to start.  I keep ignoring it all.  Saying I'll work on it after my nap, or tomorrow.

And the boyfriend.  Oh, the boyfriend.  He's perfect for me, really.  I'm still surprised and grateful that we found each other.  He's just... so many things I look for in a guy.  Is he perfect?  No, of course not.  But the flaws he has are acceptable.  And the futures we want are compatible.  We want kids, someday.

And so killing myself now seems like the more logical option.  I've always felt that there's two very likely ways for me to die: suicide, or a car crash.  I know these feelings won't go away.  So when would be a better time?  I could get a job somewhere, and have him move out to a strange city where he has no friends, and off myself there, and leave him abandoned.  Or we could live together, and build a life together, and have offspring together, and I could off myself then, leaving him to care after our progeny alone.

Neither seems like a very kind option.

There's two methods I consider.

1. Jumping in front of a freight train

2. Going to a shooting range, renting some sort of powerful hand gun, and doing it there.

Both inconsiderate to other people, but what is suicide if not a selfish act?

I'm currently reading the wikipedia page on firearm suicide.  I'm a squeamish person; it helps reduce my desire.

I suppose it all comes down to a lack of desire, in general.  I just don't *care* much, about anything.  Which is funny, because I'm known for being outspoken and opinionated.  But I feel as if it's an act, as if it's just overcompensation for the fact that, in the end, none of it really matters.

Fuck, I should go see the school's councilor again.  I did a couple of years ago, and it was useless.  Maybe they have a new, better councilor now.  Just googled the councilor that is in the office right now, she seems pretty cool, and isn't who I talked to last time.  The office is busy though.  Maybe I'll try again later.

I just... should learn how to ask for help.  I much prefer to be the helper.  That, combined with the fact that it is escapism, is why I like volunteer work.  I like helping friends with their personal problems because it distracts me from my own.

I wish the counciling office phone didn't go to voice mail.

Fuck, this was going to be a nice, well-written description of... something.  Instead of a collection of insane sounding, train-of-thought rambles.

I wish my family and friends didn't love me so much.  I wish I wasn't so squeamish, and afraid of pain.  I wish I didn't have a practically perfect for me boyfriend.  I wish my room wasn't so messy, to assuage my guilt about people having to deal with that after I died.

Or, failing that, I wish I could motivate myself to actually do *anything*.

**Edit** I went to the school councilor today.  I've now

- Checked my email

- Emailed a fellow student for help with one class

- Emailed two professors about the fact I'm behind in their classes

- Checked my school mailbox

- Emailed another student about notes in the class I have missed

- I'm currently filling out some forms that I need to fill out

It's... something?

Also, during the session I got a text from my boyfriend, and a call from one of my best high school friends, which made me feel cared for.