It's All My Fault.*No it isn't.
*

**Yes it is.**


I'm in a strange emotional state right now. I don't know how I should be starting my story.  I don't know what I'm supposed to say. But I'll try to make it as clear as possible.


My house has never been one to display much affection. Thats not to say we don't love each other, or someone is overtly abusive, but emotions are not shown very often (do I care too much? or maybe I don't care at all and I'm faking it.) As a result, communication is a major issue and it strains relationships often. Another thing to note is that my brother and I are first generation here (parents were refugees from Viet Nam).

My father never graduated high school. He began working early and came over to the states as a group sponsored by a church. All his life, he has done manual labor of some sort, and currently works as a mechanic at a self-owned (although beginning to fail) mechanic shop. Despite all this, he will never *ever* pass by an opportunity to help someone, whether it is through money, work, or otherwise. In my eyes, he is practically a saint, despite some minor flaws (gambling, which he has fixed, and a little bit of drinking). This is because no matter what, he will help and expect nothin in return. He sees everyone as being equal and will do anyone a favor with a smile on his face, even though it may end up costing him. Throughout my childhood, he was (and still is) working six days a week, from 7AM to 7PM at the shop, and sometimes even as late as 9PM. He works all day, and he works hard, even though the business is meager, he still does all he can to contribute whatever he can towards our home. Because he worked so much, I could never see him  often, and as a child, I always saw him as a kind of distant figure that deserved all my respect, but I never quite knew why. Of course, now that I have grown older (19) I fully understand how much he has sacrificed throughout the years in order to give my brother and I what we wanted and what we needed growing up. I love him more than words can explain for it, and my absolute biggest regret is not spending more time with him and being closer. Don't get me wrong, he's still healthy and alive, but I just wish I could get closer to him, but I dont know how. At all. And it kills me.

My mother was one of the "boat people" that fled Viet Nam, leaving her parents when she was only 15. At only a week out to sea, however, her boat was caught up by a Chinese (Hong Kong)? patrol boat, and all the members on board were sent to a detention camp in Hong Kong. Thankfully, because this was towards t he end of the conflict, they were able to negotiate her and the others release and passage to America (due to political asylum or something. I can't recall). When she arrived (living with her aunt/uncle who were already here at the time) her first order of business was to get a job and finish high school. After that, she perservered and went on, despite having limited English skills, to graduating both college and pharmacy school to become a pharmacist. Again, my mom is the type of person to go out of her way to help people, even if it costs her, as evident to the tens of thousands of dollars we constnatly wire back to Viet Nam to aid relatives. (However, she has a quick temper. And I mean quick.) On one hand, I guess you could say I'm closer to my mom than my dad, since she had more education, so I could talk with her with more advanced topics and for some reason I could just chat with her better in general, but on the other, I just felt that there was always a kind of "barrier" between us, as if I had some understood yet unspoken relationship with my dad that I just didn't have with my mom.

I know this is getting long, and I doubt anyone will read it thoroughly. I just want to note that at this point, I have mostly calmed down, and my thoughts are getting more lucid. However, I feel like writing this is something that I truly need to write to let it out. Furthermore, the nature of my "issue" is something that has and probably will recur constantly, so, while I am in control of my thoughts, I figure pre is better than post.

As you can see from my descriptions, I hold both of my parents in very high regards, to the point where, when I was younger (and to a certain extent, even now), I could see them do no wrong. Growing up, everything I did, I did it to make them happy, to please them, to constnatly seek their approval. And even now, I see nothing wrong with that, especially when I consider that everything I have now, is because they gave up on their dreams or sacrificed their goals in order to provide. And I am truly, eternally  grateful. I feel like it is a debt that can only be repaid by living my life through and raising my own children, providing them with the same (albeit unspoken) love and care that my parents have shown me. I have learned so much as a person from each of them, the foremost being the importance of family and love from my father, and the necessity of knowledge, determination and respect from my mother. Again, I cannot fully encompass the gratitude I have towards them and the debt that can never be repaid. However, this is where the problem begins.

Even at a young age, if my parents ever fought each other, or got mad at me or my brother (regardless of fault) I would blame myself. I would not tell them I blamed myself, but in my heart, I felt that whatever unhappiness that was visited upon them was my fault. And thus, I always strove to do as they told and avoid upsetting them.This worked fine, until I'd say starting about 5 or 6 years ago, when family issues began cropping up.

As I mentioned earlier, my mom was quick to anger and had very low tolerance for mistakes or disrespect. My dad is very quiet and softspoken, and often will take t he blame, in order to diffuse any situation. (For that, respect him immensely. Seriously. His ability to maintain composure was astounding.) When my brother began to reach *that age* where everything and everyone is out to get you, a lot of fights broke out in the family, because my brother thought my mother was too overbearing and my mother disliked how disrespectful and "americanized" my brother was becoming. Needless to say, fights often ended in tears while my father was trying his hardest to calm everyone down, and I sat isolated trying to maintain composure (but of course, blaming myself and trying to find a way to keep the family together. As I said earlier, from my dad, I developed a kind of "do everything I can" mentality towards my family. I refused to become a broken statistic). The fights grew in number, and volume, my brother became more rebellious, my father began getting tired, etc etc.

Fast forward to the present. I know this is getting long, and to be honest, everytime I write something, I realize I have more to write, but keep in mind this is nearly two decades of bottled up emotions that no one has heard.

Continued in comments due to length.
