My life is falling apart so quickly and I can't stop dissociating.It is my senior year of college and this semester was a ticking bomb for me, as I could sense what might happen if I were to get too overwhelmed. Having changed my major two years in, I'm an interesting case and was originally registered for 22.5 credit hours this semester along with a student teaching placement (the max is usually 18 or 19 but my program allowed me to take more to help me graduate in a more timely fashion). I was staying afloat for most of September, but the stress of it all combined with my severe ADD and total lack of ability to retain/focus on information in my upper level classes made me come crashing down. About a month ago was the first stretch in time which is was physically unable to make myself go to classes for about four days and my profs/peers started texting me and emailing me asking if I'm okay and alive and what was going on. I ended up telling most of my professors that the lack of ability to focus on my classwork and falling behind has caused a relapse in my depression and anxiety for which I used to take Zoloft. I started taking it again but it only has made me feel worse, and on top of that I finally got put on Adderall by my psychiatrist (which has been hell because I had to go through all this testing that took way longer than it should have because I live on campus away from my doctors). So far this week my attention and focus has drastically improved, though the depression hasn't. Last Monday I cut up my thighs the worst that I've ever cut and what's scary is how much I dissociated during the process and I woke up with blood all over my hands/sheets. It's scaring me because I'm finding it increasingly difficult to even get out of bed and shower, let alone go to my classes on any given day, and I'm so far gone on school work that I don't know that I could salvage any of my grades. I cut again yesterday and today I dissociated for the entirety of today sleeping on and off, not leaving my room at all except to go to the bathroom. It's scaring me because I think about killing myself all day and have a ton of partially written suicide notes, and the therapist on campus hasn't gotten back to me with a regular time I could see him. I even told my advisor/mentor that I have had suicidal feelings and still I can feel him growing tired of me not showing up to rehearsals/class (I'm a music major). I can feel the eyes of all of my peers wondering what the hell is up with me when I do show up to something and I can tell that no one knows what to say to me. My family doesn't know what's going on at all because we aren't close and my parents are especially unapproachable because they would freak the hell out at me if I told them about wanting to die or how I'm failing multiple courses or if they saw my cuts. I just don't know what to do anymore because half of me wants to die and the other half wants so desperately to survive. Does anyone have any experience with checking themselves into a psychiatric ward? I've seriously considered it lately even though I really don't want to admit that I could be this far gone. Any advice or words are appreciated.