I am on the verge.Forgive me if this post is a ramble. I am not doing well. 

I have been feeling like killing myself today and I don't see any reason to hesitate at this point. This is not new for me. I tried to kill myself for the first time at age 17. I only told a small handful of people about it, and almost everyone that I told had shamed me and/or talked shit about me behind my back because of it. My own father told me "Really? You tried to kill yourself using pills? I would think you'd be smart enough to know that would never work." That was in 2007 and I still have not recovered from it. I was in a very dark place and did not receive any support. I only got more motivated to do it after that type of pain, honestly. The isolation/rejection/feelings of being unheard that I felt were exactly why I had attempted it in the first place.

Fast forward to now. I am a 29 year old woman with absolutely nothing to show or be proud of. I dropped out of high school, can't drive, have a pointless bullshit job that barely pays my bills and I get no respect there, and I have friends/family/an SO that fucking CONSTANTLY ignore me. Nobody listens to me. Ever. And I am about to fucking snap because of it. Why am I still alive? Honestly, why? Who the fuck would care if I died? I am constantly being taken advantage of. I exert so much emotional energy to everyone around me, to make sure everybody is doing well and feeling ok. Why the fuck will nobody do that for me? I feel like I am constantly screaming at a fucking wall. I try to make my opinions and thoughts known but nobody gives a fuck. Everybody is too busy with other shit to ever bat an eye at the fact that I am in an unbelievable amount of pain. I have made it abundantly clear to EVERYONE but nobody around me gives even a shred of a fuck.  I'm always "that friend" who is around to care of everyone. Always lending a helping hand and always listening to everyone. Why won't anyone listen to ME for once? 

I know I am being obnoxious/self-involved/dramatic but I just needed to get that out since nobody around me can be bothered to pay attention to anything I say (unless it is convenient/advantageous for them in some way)