I've become a demon.Read my previous posts for details.

So I've found yet another bit of hope in what seemed like another dead end to my future. I managed to finish a 75hr online course in just a week and a half and actually got a good mark (77%!). The reason I had so little time was because I started it back in June and the deadline was today. But I still managed to do it and I'm proud of myself. So I just need to take 2 more courses then I can get into uni. This time I don't have to rush through it so I might even get higher marks.

But then all of it comes crashing down after I come back from the movies with my friends, not even 2 hours after I hear about my mark. My mom, who you may have already read has gone insane, showed some serious signs of distrust. I came to my room, late at night, to see my bag emptied out with the contents spread on my bed. I didn't have my online course book in it, but I did leave a folded sheet that had "academic upgrading" in it, which was on the bed unfolded when I got back.

This whole time she seemed like she trusted me but now she's catching on. I even think I might've crucially slipped up at one point. This just goes to show that I've created an insane beast of distrust. Even though I thought I escaped this insanity when I saw my grade for all the hard work I put into this week and a half, that insane beast of distrust (my mom) just dragged me right back into it.

I can't tell her the truth. She won't believe a thing I say. I wouldn't even believe me either if I were her. So all I can do is keep lying. But soon lying won't help. And when that time comes, I've resolved myself into becoming a demon.

I'm going to threaten her with my own life. I'm going to tell her that it was her that drove me to do this. I'm going to tell her that if she doesn't just shut up and trust me, and ignore me if she can't stand the sight of me, I'll be forced to kill myself.

I'm so close. I feel like I'm so close to redeeming myself. But my mom just keeps adding stress to me. This stress is killing me. 

I bet those of you reading this probably think I deserve to die. I do, I agree with you. But I'm so close that I don't want to give up yet. 

I don't know if it's appropriate to be writing this here. I feel like I can definitely kill myself because I deserve it. But I also don't want to die. I have two conflicting urges in my head. One telling me to do anything to survive, and the other telling me I don't deserve to live. It's just so messed up. My whole life is just messed up.