How can I cope with depression, loneliness, and an uncaring family?I normally don’t like discussing my personal life online, but in this case, I feel that I have no other option. For many years now, more than I would like to admit, I’ve been extremely depressed. Nothing gives me any joy, happiness, or contentment. To make matters worse, I have a very uncaring family, one that doesn’t seem interested in helping me, let alone actually accepting me. They call me selfish and ungrateful, like it’s my fault that I’m filled with misery, most of which I can’t escape. Alone and with no one to talk to, I stay up late into the night, occasionally until sunrise. They call me lazy and unproductive, even though I get very little sleep. In the last two weeks, maybe even three, I haven’t slept more than five hours, and that’s on a good night. No matter how many times I tell them, regardless of how hard I try, they don’t seem to understand that these are symptoms of my depression. In other words, they blame me, not the illness.

My sister also suffers from depression, but unlike me, she lashes out at those who make her feel nervous. My parents are more sympathetic towards her than me, mostly due to the fact that she’s a female, and on top of that, she cries a lot more than I do. I cry as well, but it’s late at night, during the time when everyone else is asleep. When I finally do go to bed, I toss and turn for hours, unable to get the negative thoughts out of my head. My family is toxic, unfeeling, and uncaring, hard though that might be to admit. I’m sure they love me, at least in their own way, but they’re creating a very bad environment for me.

I have no job, no girlfriend, and no future. After going to college for three years, learning one useless thing after another, I dropped out, certain that higher education didn’t really suit my needs. Due to a disability that I have, one that cannot be seen by the naked eye, I do not have the ability to drive a car. My fine motor skills are impaired, making it very difficult for me to perform complex tasks with my hands, such as tying knots and driving cars. From food to transportation, I’m completely dependent on my parents. I’m trapped in my house so much, often very alone, that I feel like I’m going to go insane. I can go an entire month without leaving the house, occasionally even longer.

More than anything else, I long to have a kind and supportive wife, one that will love and comfort me. Unfortunately, due to my situation, meeting people can be very difficult, if not downright impossible. I would try online dating, but at this current time, I can’t afford it. Even if I could meet people, most women want men with money and status, not starving artists. Around where I live, which is in a very small town, most of the women are white trash. I want an intelligent and worldly woman, specifically a woman who will teach me, guide me, and give me confidence. Most likely, I will never find this woman, at least not in the near future. In the meantime, I would still like someone to talk to, preferably someone that I can meet in person, not just online.

As an author, I’ve written several books, all of which haven’t done that well. I've been trying to get my latest book traditionally published, mostly without success. I used to write a lot, but ever since my latest episode of depression, I have hardly written anything. Every week is the same, each moment another reminder of how dark and lonely my life is. My dog used to be a major source of comfort for me, but sadly, he died a few days ago, his cause of death unknown. My future, what’s left of it, is bleak and without hope, comparable to a lost and lonely graveyard. On some nights, long after everyone else is asleep, I will occasionally come close to having a nervous breakdown. My life is empty, occupied with nothing except silent and negative thoughts, nine out of ten of them being extremely harmful. I would just like some advice, any at all, that could help me cope with my situation.

    