I don't care about myself. Why should I?I don't care about myself.  Well, this is mostly true.  I suppose it's more accurate to say that I don't care enough to change myself.  I generally don't believe in an external locus of control, but I don't believe the concept is entirely without merit.  I believe that you are in control of shaping your life; it's as if you start with a slab of clay, and you can mold it into whatever you like (with a proviso).  If you start with bad clay, however, there is only so much you can do.  You can only play the hand you are dealt: no re-deals.  My hand sucks, and there's little I can do about it: it appears that I should fold.  The metaphorical clay that I have started with is hideous.  I have a lack of social skills, I'm bipolar, impulsive, and unattractive.  I don't see how I would be desirable to anyone for any reason, be it an employer, a woman, or a friend.  I have no clue how I got the job that I have.  The one true friend that I have is fucked in the head too, though not to the extent that I am.

Regarding women, I tried asking people out in high school and was meet with nothing but rejection.  Fast forward now to college.  Somehow I deluded myself into thinking that people would be more open to meeting new people and give them chances.  What a fool I was then, and still am.  It's pathetically funny that every single time I've been given the "too busy" excuse.  I know it's an excuse because I've asked each more than once, and if they had any interest at all they'd suggest a time.  Add to this the fact that I have no knowledge of how to meet people and make friends let alone a potential girlfriends, and the scarcity of women at my college.  What do I do now?  Where do I go from here?  Dating sites and apps like tinder are a fraud and others like Match are meant for older people.

Anyway, I'm a sophomore at an engineering college now, and I find myself caring less about myself with each passing week.  Every week is the same.  There's nothing that can motivate me.  The impact the things I care about have on me lessens each day.  The clubs that I'm in would probably be better off without me; I don't think there's anything new that I can bring to the table.  I see that I'm falling into a self-destructive loop, but I feel that it's pointless to get out of it because there's nothing to return to.  I feel like I should just quit and stop wasting my parents' money.  They always nag me and tell me that if I don't want to do it anymore, that it's perfectly fine.  Maybe I see too much in myself.  My grades have slipped from making the Dean's list to B's and BC's.

I've reached out to people in the past on Reddit and I haven't gotten anywhere.  I don't know what to do.  Nothing I do works.  I should probably quit now and save people from being a bother.