Final Words Before I End My LifeIt's not even think.....no.....I KNOW i'm ugly. I wish that people would accept me for who I am on the inside, I'm spent so much time and effort cultivating intelligence, I walk through life with a kind, open, and gentleman like personality. But alas at every instance I am overlooked due to my physical appearance. And it is through the years that I have realized and come to terms with the fact that people do not care about inner beauty, it is not important and means absolutely nothing in all facets of life. All that matters to every single person is outer beauty, eye candy to stare at. Being smart, having a great personality is trivial in nature, all that matters is what you look like. As such I've come to terms with the fact that I'll be alone forever. And no amount of surgery could make me even remotely attractive - not even average for that matter. The only thing I have going for me in the future will be monetary wealth (which I also doubt as who would hire someone as disgusting and repulsive as myself?!). I don't even want to be remotely wealthy because then I KNOW that people will approach me with some god awful facade of love trying to get money off of me, only interested in me for monetary reasons. The only reason someone would say they liked or loved me would be to get money off of me, because people don't care about who a person is on the inside, and plus the fact that I'm the most aesthetically unappealing to person to walk this earth. You know what, redact that previous statement.......I am so ugly, so monstrous, so vile and disgusting, that I could be a quadrillionaire one day and not a single person would approach because that is how simply vile and disgusting I am on the outside, that for no amount of wealth (which I despise in the first place) and for no amount of personal and intellectual qualities (all that I have) would a person want to be with me or be within a 5 mile radius of me for that matter........

 I've already given up, I'm done. I'd rather not live in a world as shallow as this one. I've walked through life with the idea that I give and contribute without expecting anything in return. I still live by that creed, but I refuse to accept a society that looks down on me, frowns on me, looks upon me with indifference and disdain because I'm not good looking, because I'm unappealing. If people only care about external beauty, if not a single person on this earth cares about inner beauty then fine. I will not continue being a part of this society. I had big aspirations such as being a pediatric surgeon, and I even saw a political future for myself running for office. I have so many ideas to change and better the field of medicine, so many ideas to put to use in politics, but none of that matters because I lack the only thing that matters to everyone. I have always been ugly since the day I was born, I will be ugly until the day I die (which will hopefully be very soon). I need to erase myself from society, to remove the error that is myself. Not that it matters because I won't be missed, in fact it'll be quite the opposite as no one will have to worry about seeing my disgusting face, my vile body ever again. I'm happy to be leaving this world and everyone around me will be happy about it also.

My intelligence will finally have some use - ending my life will be quite the swift and simple task, I could and will easily do it.