A 19 Year Old In Limbo most days but alright more than sometimes? Confused? I hope so :P**A 19 Year Old In Limbo most days but alright more than sometimes? Confused? I hope so :P**

Man everyday i have these suicidal thoughts but I just can't justify actually doing it which has resulted in me being stuck in a state of limbo between my aspergers related problems and my mental problems ... Ya know I just recently got a dog because being at home basically alone while my parents were at work really tested my willpower and daytime isn't even my worse time for my suicidal thoughts :P The thing is I know my parents, my one close friend and even my two close friends i haven't talked to properly for years will care about me living and that the problems i have had in life are pitiful compared to some.

Nevertheless i really don't enjoy life right now and i hardly enjoyed my life in the past. Right now i can't even start a book because i can't suppress the sudden flood of depressing thoughts i have and at night it is even worse i have to really tire myself out or bore myself out to get to sleep. In the morning i feel better but it comes back come evening maybe even afternoon.

Like right now my parents are shopping and soon after they left, i went into their upstairs room and just looked down below and guessed what this sort of height will do to me if i jumped. I even calculated the distance from the stairs to the house to the pavement and knew it wouldn't kill me and then i added a speeding car that we sometimes have on my road swerving to meet my body falling. I only stuck my head out and this was all in my imagination but it still scares me...

My parents know about my suicidal thoughts and even local mental health professional (idk?). However i think people think i am coping well with them and don't need practical help. I am not on any medication and don't drown my sorrow in partaking in alcohol or drugs. A psychiatric nurse said she recommended my GP prescribe me anti depressants, nothing happened with that though i might not take them as treatment but options are nice when i am really depressed and anxious i guess.

I told a local welling being person who i think is a counselling seemed more like a healthcare professional with a counselling degree but whatever that if anything negative happened that there is a 50% chance i will try to commit suicide.

Guess what in the phone call after the session with him. He told me about cognitive behavioural therapy (though all he said this was it helped treat social phobia/social anxiety, no mention of depression at all...)and i said that i was interested, that was it thought at start he did ask me how i was doing and i said was "better" but come on.

Oh and here is the cherry on top. After that phone call, i got a letter stating my current problems are depression and social anxiety. I got a 20/27 on the PHQ9 (a supplement depression test i think?) and a 13/21 on the GAD7 (a supplement anxiety test i think). Had to google to know what those test generally meant but whatever.

Anyway here comes the cherry on top: Risk management - no thoughts of suicide or self harm at the time of assessment. He is aware of services to contact if this changes.

Bitch i told the doctor (different person wrote this letter i believe) that i tested what damage a 1 story building would do if i jumped off it 2 times. Sure it was a whole ago but what if the next test is a building where i break my legs in a deserted area. Mate i be dead me think. What depressed person tell a person they just met all about their experience with suicidal thoughts and attempts. Maybe i was decent in the head then but i am not alright now. We talked about my life and why i didn't like my life. Maybe i lied on the questionnaire or maybe the suicidal thoughts come in periods. Maybe QUESTIONARES ARE FUCKING USELESS. Google and a depression forums says it is not a screening tool for depression but it is used to monitor the severity of depression and response to treatment (lol what treatment?).

Mate so what if my suicidal thoughts aren't as severe as they could be. That's because i don't leave my only safe place which is my house and if i do its only got important things like this session and the dentist (thought at the dentist i felt faint afterwards who the fuck cares). If i leave my house or fall into a depressed mood at night, i will be planning suicide and after i get back or wake up[ in the morning, nothing will of happened or will happen due to this . My life stuck in my house is not a life and i would be dead without my dog and the interactions with my close friend and my family but i want practical help but I guess my local authorities can't help with that can they. Sometimes I wish I could but sometimes I don't give a fuck ya know?!?

Though when i think about help, all i think about is the emergency room since i don;t like talking in any capacity. But then guess what, i think my problems are not bad enough to warrant the help they could give me and that they would blame me for my worsening depression and somewhat worsening anxiety. The anxiety certainly didn't get better and the depression doesn't even need many words, though here's some anyway “gradually worsening in intensity and gravely bad suicidal thoughts”in my head over the years. Anyway I got used to suppressing this shit with my willpower so not seeing my GP 3 or 4 years ago when the depression and anxiety started didn't really seem all that odd to me. 

This is who I am, the isolated as heck blank expression kid in a adult's body which he doesn't want. I only saw the GP when it was real serious borderline severe about a year ago and seen him 2 or 3 times after. Mate the multiple GPs I had over that short year and a bit did fudge all but refer me to local mental health places who did fuck all! (though I guess fudge all is better then fuck all haaaaaa!

My problem is that my suicidal thoughts are so closed in my brain that they only come out for like a day and then i lock them away. Always there just not visible or accessible. No assessments will catch the severity of depression i have in those moments, i think my brain is more like a serial killer sometimes ya know ha! I think I block out all the negatives thoughts I have to suppress (they are probably put into a cage for later) . That cage is probably where my suicidal plans are, locked away only to come out when i am in a real dark place only for my willpower to be consumed and for me to have a mental breakdown to shut them away :(

My built up willpower from my young life is the only thing asserting my will to live on those really bad moments. Life has never been enjoyable for me like half of days i have lived everyday :( The depression and all that are just more present now that i am 19 years old. My school life was isolation and my college was isolation, welcome to my life, the bubbles opens for about a day every month where i meet the people outside my bubble like my close friend but my understanding and un judgemental close friend/s, family and dog are my only reason to live and the only reason i have lived til this date. 

Funny how after all this was thought about yesterday it is now on paper after sleeping, feeling like crap then feeling decent at the time of writing. People don;t believe when i say my mood swings super often. i seem to always be the same in mind but i ain't not right now but after i will probably. Lol the rambling of mine sound mad. Maybe the part of me that wants to be a writer will save me and say this rambling is mostly my imagination. Who knows, do you the person reading this? That is if you even read all of this ha.

I end this rambling of mine to you, random but hopefully not random person reading this with two statements of mine. "No matter if a depressed person has self harmed or not, attempted suicide or not or avoided help more then once (many factors for this but mine were fear of consequences and fear of authority). They could do all of these things even if they seem fine. WHY you ask? Because i have never self harmed, never attempted proper suicide and never avoided treatment (though sometimes i have a bit but i don't think that is really my fault, i am human :P). Also screw anti depressants, I am never taking them unless I have actually hurt myself or another so people who this statement is relevant to, screw off.

However i have been close to doing all the things i just listed above, planned to, prepared to but never have. I won't say this is all a result of my forged strength in willpower and other things but i will say that without my strength of mind that i think i have that i would be dead in these last 3 or 4 years of my life. Anyone is capable even if you don;t think they are when it applies to the mind and especially mental health problems like i have. Though i sometimes deny so there is another thing to watch out for." Hmm wonder who I will show this... Ah whatever to whoever read this rant of mine, I hope this was interesting even if is just my random writings on a random afternoon before i have lunch. Now can you tell if i am serious about suicide or not from this post? No answer you give is wrong in my opinion. Did that last sentence make sense to you? It didn't to me and i wrote it lol.

**P.S:** Man I wished my ranting on a forum for depression that I did once before saved but sadly my computer died because i forgot to plug it in and it was kinda low and next time i tried, i couldn't get it down, I will get down sometime soon probably :P For anyone curious, it was shorter then this but still quite long and it was about my college experiences and why I flunked about 3 years of college courses in total due to my worsening depression, anxiety and other such issues (most of which I found later to be somewhat related to asperger syndrome which I got diagnosed with like 6+ months ago). 

**Anyway I hope whoever read this found it interesting, since the suicide note locked in the cage in my head is getting more elaborate. I am not sure what I want out of this rant but I do know that despite all this and more that I have yet to put down. I hope I never have to put this suicide note on paper and use it on one of those bad days if ya know what I mean? I hope someone in this world knows what I mean.**