Not sure where to go from hereI've been struggling to get this down for a while. Every time I start it, I get to the end, read it over, then delete it without posting. I'm just going to type it out this time and post it without rereading it, so sorry if something in here doesn't make sense.

I have been out of college for going on two years. Since then all of my friends have scattered across the country. I ended up around Philly about a year ago, after commuting from my parents house for almost a year. I work with people who, apart from 4 others, are all at least 15 years older than myself, so the 4 of us who are younger have a hard time finding things in common with the older ones, and they look down on us as if we're trying to steal their jobs. The 4 of us only really get along in a work manner as well.

Because of these things I know pretty much no one, and I very rarely get to talk to my old friends. I'm not that great at meeting new people. Sure, I meet people, but it never goes anywhere. I've never really been the person people randomly call to hang out in general. It also doesn't help that Philadelphians are pretty damn unfriendly. Another problem has to do with me being gay. I can not seem to meet gay guys who don't want to try to hook up. 95% of the time, if I do meet a gay guy he vanishes as soon as he figures out I'm not going to be hooking up with him. This is not limited to ones I've met on Grindr, Scruff or any of those other apps or websites. I am not a flamboyant gay and most people don't even know until I tell them, so meeting gays in real life is also very difficult.

On top of being cripplingly lonely, my job is kinda terrible. I was hired to be a designer, but all I end up doing is editing power points. Completely mindless work and puts my 4 years of college to fucking shame. It's easy to say "Well go find a new job!" but it's not that easy to do. I have produced really NOTHING to show an interviewer. I'm still stuck with my college work. What kind of interviewer would want to see college work after someone has been in the field for 2 years? Also, my place of work pays higher than really anyone else in the area, so moving to a new job could be difficult financially.

Now onto the dating side of my life! This stuff does intertwine with my friendships too. I have been single for over two years. My last relationship lasted 2 years and ended when I found out he was letting some other guy pay him to be allowed to suck his dick. This is not the first boyfriend who has cheated on me. I really don't think I've had a relationship end well. I've been on several dates over the past two years. The 3 guys I got along with the best had to move for various reasons very early on. One to CA for grad school, the other two to Pittsburgh for work. The other dates have been your general bad dates. People whose photos were 60lbs ago, shit personalities, etc.

From September to February, thats five months, I was under the impression that I was dating someone. Turns out, not so much. He wasn't under the same impression. That hurt a lot.

I also finally got to go on a date with a guy I've quietly had a crush on for a little while and he has liked me for a while as well. I met him because he works at a place I'd go for lunch when I work sometimes. It went really well - until the end. I said something sarcastically and he took it very wrong. Today I got a message from him: "Please don't text or call me again, thanks".

So, here I am after that, sad as usual. Normally, I'd just be upset for a little and move on. But it's getting harder and harder to do. Since college, and especially since moving here, I've been getting more and more bitter towards life, love, everything. I've been getting more and more depressed and secluded. I don't know how much longer I can take this. It's just one blow after another. It feels like I'm going insane.

EDIT: I'm also adding this. I AM out with being gay. People know, I don't bring it up unless there's a reason really, but I don't hide it. Where I work while a lot of people are fine with it, there are a few who make a lot of comments. I'm not sure if they don't know I'm gay or what. My Creative Director is one of the worse. He's very homophobic and makes a lot of comments about how it's wrong. Never in my direction, but he says it around the office. He also makes a lot of gay jokes and often talks with a lisp on purpose around some of the employees in a joking way (but I do find it offensive at times). He's not always around me, but when he is he tends to make my job very very stressful.