Not quite at risk, but felt like this could be a safe place to vent.I don’t know where to begin or what exactly to say.

I would love nothing more than to die, but I don’t quite have the guts to kill myself either. I think I’ve been depressed for a long time. I don’t remember ever not wanting to be dead and it took me until recently to realize that that’s not normal. 

I’m addicted to pornography. That might be a joke to some of you, but it’s not to me. This brings a lot of guilt and shame into my life. I can’t go more than a week without some form of pornography, and I don’t know how to stop. I’m also very religious, but don’t feel like this is the place to talk about religion.

I’ve never had a boyfriend. I’m young, 22, but I feel like a loser. I’ve never even come close to having companionship with the opposite sex. Never even held a guy’s hand. I wish that guy’s opinions didn’t mean so much to me, but they do. I doubt anyone has even had a crush on me. It hurts to realize that you’re just not desirable. Any time I was ever told someone was interested in me it was a joke, and I can’t even being to describe the way that hurts. I’m not quite sure why I’m so undesirable either. I know I’m not a head turner, but I wouldn’t call myself ugly either. Maybe guys are just intimidated by a girl who is 6’1’’? 

I just started university. I should have graduated in the spring if I were a typical student, but I couldn’t start until this fall semester. Half the people I went to high school with have graduated, and the other half will graduate within the next year. I feel so behind in life and I’m not sure if I’ll ever catch up. I still live at home because I can’t afford to move out and pay tuition. I have no friends my age around here. The friends I do have are away at their colleges. The only people I talk to are the moms in my neighborhood that I grew up around. I love those women, but it’s not exactly socially satisfying to only talk with women who are more than twice my age. I’m lonelier than I’ve ever been in my life. When I’m not at school, I’m at home in my room. I don’t even have a job because I was laid off and finding a new job makes me super anxious.

There’s one person that knows all about my struggles with pornography and suicidal thoughts. She’s told me to find a counselor, but I don’t quite know how to find one and tell my mom that I need one. I don’t want to disappoint anyone by telling them that I need mental help. I doubt a counselor’s ability to help me anyway. I struggle with anxiety too, and ever since I was little I ripped my hair out (trichotillomania). It sucks to think that I’ve had a brain that’s never worked right. I told this person not to worry about me killing myself because my suicidal thoughts are passive rather than active. But I’m worried about what would happen the second I start having active suicidal thoughts. I’ve held on this long without trying anything, but the way my life keeps slipping, I’m not sure how much longer I can hold on. 