I am fighting really hardI recently started college and got my first job ever. When it all started...I was pretty happy for once. Excited even. But all of the sudden, things started to get very real very quick and I have been struggling to push thoughts of ending it all away. 

I have had these thoughts for most of my life, even attempted to do it when I was just a kid and a few times after such as several attempts at over dosing and sh. But for the past couple years (I am 18 now) I was going pretty well and nothing was invasive and I just was pretty happy.  


However, school has been stressing me out since it's a lot all of the sudden. I keep trying to have perfect grades and have done well in keeping them up through stress and tears since I want to be a good student for once after struggling in high school due to manic depression taking my life over. I keep trying to be happy all the time since my parents have been in and out of the hospital lately with (in some cases) life threatening health issues and it keeps making me feel like it would be better if life was just over. Part of me wants to live and keep going, but the other keeps constantly thinking of ways to die. I can't go a day without considering it or just wanting a car to hit me while I am working or something. Even financial problems are rising up and I refuse to tell my parents I am struggling with money especially when I give them a good amount of what I make for bills and gas. I don't want them to know I have little rn. Which is irresponsible of me, but I can't help but lie and say I am okay because I hate people worrying about me.

I even missed an assignment yesterday apparently, that caused me to just snap. I am so stressed out and I cannot let myself show it. Even if I am starting to hate my major, hate that I have no days off, just hating most parts of my life. I am probably not making much sense, but tl/dr I put myself in a position where I am extremely stressed and it is making me consider killing myself again after working so hard to get better. idk what to do or where to go for help.