i'm turning 25 this year, and it's not what i wanted at all.i've had many suicide attempts in my past, the last one i had was a little over 2 years ago now.my birthday is july 31st and i'm turning 25 this year...just wow. i didn't intend on making it past 14...but here i am. suicide is always in the back of my head, everyday, every hour. i'm diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder so life isn't easy because i have to take medication to stay 'normal'. last week i stopped my antipsychotic cold turkey and have been going through withdrawals from it, yesterday and the day before i was having trouble breathing. i wasn't concerned too much, because in my mind i was hoping these withdrawals would kill me(i was on a high dose of haldol and damn there's a lot of withdrawals from it). i wish for something to kill me so i don't have to do the job myself. 
i told myself i can't die until my mom passes away, she lost her younger brother to suicide and her other brother to a drug overdose(and i used to be heavy into drugs as well). i can't let my mom down like that, she's never given up on me through all the hell i put her through as a teen growing up with a severe mental disorder. 
each day is hard though, but as suicidal as i am i'm really good at helping others that are going through a hard time. i always tell them, "things will get better, just give it some time." or "things will fall into place in the end." but damn i sure can't take my own advice for the life of me. 
i used to be an artist and that made me happy, but the haldol killed my creativity, now the only thing that makes me happy is a person i'm in love with. we hang out often at my place watching tv and talking, and we work at the same place just in different departments. he understands my suicidal thoughts, he's been diagnosed with major depressive disorder(he was officially diagnosed last year, i diagnosed him with that two years ago when we first met) so he gets the thoughts too. i love him. he love me. and that's another problem. 
i wish i was an asshole so i didn't have so many people who care about me. if i didn't have friends i wouldn't have anyone to let down after i kill myself, but no, i'm a nice person normally, so there are a lot of people who care...i feel guilty just thinking about suicide. but it's not fair. why do i have to keep suffering because you just want me around? aren't you being the selfish one? 
i didn't mean for this to be long, i posted something to my facebook last night about how i was feeling more suicidal than normal and a friend commented with this subreddit link. i used to be on here a lot more, but reaching out and venting about my suicidal thoughts wasn't what i thought i would be posting. one day, if nothing else gets to me first, i will kill myself. i'll go missing for a couple days, then take myself out somewhere where i won't be found. 
goddamn it. i never wanted to live this long. 