"That May Never Go Away"Psychiatry has a consensus for me. It's not about my diagnosis. Doctors continue to re-diagnose me and squabble about the inaccuracies of the previous care team. It's not about my treatment. I'm currently seeing a psychoanalyst, social worker, and forensic psychiatrist, and between the three conflicting viewpoints I can occasionally catch each provider in contempt for the other two. What's been consistent throughout my treatment, across providers, across hospitals, and across the past 10 years that I've been in treatment, is that I will never get better. 

The first time I heard this sentiment was around 13 years old. Only in the 7th grade, I was already sizing up my grades, standardized test scores, and extra-curriculars. I was also already diagnosed with something they called "early onset rapid cycling bipolar disorder with psychosis". This is highly contested as a medical condition, since anyone qualifying for the "early-onset" category is already so moody at that age as to account for the "rapid cycling" parameter. We were talking about mood swings that ranged from deeply suicidal to euphorically enlightening in a matter of minutes, with one mitigating factor: whether I was in my parent's care or anywhere else. The bipolar diagnosis didn't stick, but the advice the psychiatrist gave me when I shared my future hopes for college has. He said, don't get your hopes up about going to college or even working in the future. You won't be able to. You have a debilitating disorder that you will have, and you will require medication for, the rest of your life. 

My bullshit meter went up at that point. I was ALREADY in treatment and on medication, and at the same time, I was ALREADY earning honor roll in the most accelerated academic track my school district offered, on top of band and babysitting. Whereas his logic was, if you're already in treatment now then you will surely be ill in the future, mine was, if I'm already IN treatment now then what does it matter if I'm mentally ill in the future? Unfortunately, these types of questions are often met quite defensively by psychiatrists who promote an internally disintegrated field of medicine. In the late 2000s when I first started meds, childhood diagnoses were very new (and still are), and we still await the longitudinal outcomes from treating my generation so aggressively. But considering I've had doctors check their psychiatric almanacs just to prescribe zoloft, I have little reason to believe they measure their zeal by the state of the literature, or even keep it present in their minds. Even still, how many carry the hope that a child might be liberated from the suffering of their socially constructed marginalization (aka mental illness) through a cultural transformation, like so many of us queer kids who reached adulthood in the gay rights era? The most pointed "what if" may be the psychiatrist's apparent lack of faith in his own profession's ability to cure my disease. And with so many years ahead of me at 13. 

I learned quickly from that to not speak to psychiatrists about such things as college, or a future, or happiness. But over the past year the two have involuntarily knocked heads again, with a new, modified message. As I am already in college at one of the top ten public institutions in the country, and I have done so while suffering from the same aching, suicidal depression (now accompanied by PTSD and a related personality disorder), the tune has changed to something perhaps more foreboding. Now it's time to plan for a future in which the suicidal thoughts may never stop. And I've heard this from 4 different providers in the past year. 

There used to be days in the depression that weren't clouded with suicide. To get to suicidal thoughts I had to put a lot of effort into hating and undermining myself. Hating the world, as part of a judgmental personality, or finding a more directed avenue for it in politics, or finding a way to turn that skill into something that benefitted others in the form of social justice, were just quirky parts of my day that did not send me down the trash shoot to death thoughts. I could rally for a cause, or for the ones I loved, or for the delectable carrot stick of a good grade, to stand up more days than I laid down and in this balance I could keep going. 

I proved I could survive (now 22) and go to college. I proved I could wrestle a severe psychiatric diagnosis as just a little girl, and perhaps transcend it considering the prognosis at the time.  Now I tell them about how devastated I am to fight against the possibility of my death and they say, in unison, "that may never go away". 

