I’m just so sick and tired from being a massive screwup.Hey Reddit

I’m a 31 year old man and nothing but a massive failure. I have a masters degree from one of the better schools in my area but can’t get ANY job in my field. I’ve been underemployed since 2013 when I finished my school work. Speaking of jobs, the ones I get I can’t keep. I recently lost my 4th job in the last two years. Most recently I was forced to resign under threat from my boss. I spoke to an attorney and my union rep, but neither are helping me. This is only the most recent example of someone in power harming me. Every time I get bullied, threatened, and intimidated it gets swept under a rug. No one is ever accountable for what they do. I ALWAYS get screwed and have to start over. But they don’t. When someone finally does try to help me, they only apologize and tell me my situation is unheard of or no one else problem experiences that. Words only go so far.

My home life isn’t much better. I literally have no friends. None. The only people I socialize with are my wife and her friends. My wife is getting more and more annoyed with me. She has a great job and friends and everything going her way. Within the last two weeks she’s picked up overtime shifts at her job, and the last two nights she came home at 9 PM. Last night was her department Christmas party, employees only. The night before she was invited out with work friends and had dinner and hung out with them. I was left alone for roughly 14 hours those two days. 

All I can think is that I want to end this. I’m tired of no friends, no work, no support at home. I’m a hunter and have weapons. I think about this a lot now. I want to drive to the town outskirts and put my rifle in my mouth. Sometimes when I fantasize about it, I drive to my former place of employment, walk into the lobby, and eat my gun right there. I want them to know what they did. I’m tired of everyone getting away with hurting me like I don’t exist. Like I don’t matter.

I hurt all the time. I have no one. I’m tired of being a failure and constantly messing up. I wanted to be a good person and have a good life but I can’t. 