I don't know what to doI'm broken. I don't know. I hate my life so much. I honestly don't know why I'm writing this, but it's gotten worse, in a weird way. Since I was 13, I've been very depressed. I'm 15 now.

It started slowly, I just felt bad about myself, and I didn't like school. But it became more than that, I just felt like I was useless and would never do anything important. No one would ever love me and I was scared. I still sort of feel that way, but it's much worse. I've accepted it.

Through my 9th grade year, it got really bad. It was the winter, it makes me feel bad and that was the majority of the school year. But since summer has started and almost ended, I've felt happier. For a couple of weeks I didn't want to die. I would think about it and I would be surprised how I wanted to keep living, despite the future being scary. But, it's gotten bad again. Except in a different way. Before I might have felt like I was useless or that I didn't have a reason to live. Now, I understand, that's not true, I feel like I could make a difference if I worked hard. But I still want to die. I'm so bored. Just living is so boring, you just keep going and there's absolutely no reason to. (other than the conventional ones people talk about). I just feel like at the end, I'll die anyway, I might as well do it now. I should not have to wait all my life bored to end it.

I am capable of feeling happy, but I think about this so much I can't do things I would normally do. I used to like to code, but I can't bring myself to do the things that make my life interesting or complicated. I want to express emotions, but since one night when I was 14, I haven't been able to. I guess when I started to get depressed, I was very emotional and didn't really know what was happening. I cried more than normal. The emotions climaxed and I cried the entire night and then, I didn't feel emotional. I guess I've been numb ever since then and I haven't been able to cry about anything. I just feel like I want to cry, but I just can't. 

Another thing, is that I've gotten urges. I keep telling myself that I'll do it when I get away from high school and my family, which isn't exactly functional. I'll see what college is like and then decide. All the while planning how I would do it. But once or twice, I've gotten this sense of urgency. I have to do it just now. I have to do it. NOW NOW NOW. Forget if it's painful or not, I have to do it, just end it. It goes away, but I feel like I can't wait any longer. These urges are going to come more and more, eventually, that's the overwhelming feeling I'll get. It can't wait. I don't want to live. Even if I had everything I ever wanted, I feel like I would still want to die. I'm just so bored. 

I'm sorry for how long this is. I just didn't know what to do. I'm just tired. Tired of life, I just want to sleep and I can't focus.  