Feeling like I've switched places with him.I recently had to put my ex fiance in a behavioral health hospital. A PEC, for those familiar with hospital terminology. He had threatened suicide to me several times and every time I asked if it was time to go to the hospital and he finally said yes, so I called him an ambulance and stayed on the phone with him until they got there. It makes me feel extremely guilty because I know that I left him because of some issues that I now recognize were due to his compromised mental state. I would ask to try again, but some things were done and said on either side that we both at least need time to heal from. Luckily, they adjusted his meds, he says he's feeling a world better and he'll be going home tomorrow.

My mental health has been on a steep decline since he went in. I was dealing with issues involving questioning my sexuality and gender before, and that has since been topped with thoughts like "what have I done?" "This could have been prevented" "You could have stuck it out a bit longer." I feel like all the things he said when he was begging me to come back, I'm now saying those things too myself. I can't stop it. I've tried diverting, distracting, and everything else I was taught in therapy. Nothing is working. I'm on my 4th sleepless night this week. I have a blistering headache, and I can't stop thinking about how much better I could feel if I could just hug him. And then I think about if I'm ready for that after all that I went through. I'm not ready.

I've started contemplating suicide again. Sometimes I have fleeting thoughts, but now I'm deep in the hole again. I've thought about what pills I would take and where I would get them. What kind of note I would leave and where to go so that I know that it wouldn't be my mom that found the body. Sometimes I'm ok, but it feels like my relief has been lasting less than 6 hours at a time right now. And then sometimes I feel like I'm so empty that I could sit in a burning car and just pass and I'd be alright with that. I'm not on meds, but I feel like I'll be lucky if I walk into my therapy appointment tomorrow and I'm not switching places with him in the hospital. It's a new therapist too. Alot of the past ones seem dismissive of my problems, but I'm hoping this one can help more since they are an LGBT specialist.

My mom came in to talk to me earlier. It's no secret that I'm a mess right now. She doesn't understand mental health and doesn't usually try to, but she asked about depression and if I felt like I was depressed and what that meant. I told her yes, I was depressed, but I couldn't bring myself to tell her I was having suicidal thoughts as well. I don't know what to do. I'm losing the drive to live and I'm scared because I left him because I wasn't able to care for myself properly with him around. But it's not making it any better.