The saying 'mum would be sad' is genuinely the only reason i'm still goingI am 21 years old, male, and live in Scotland.


I have dealt with self-harm and suicidal thoughts for approximately 5 years now. Everyday I think about my life ending in some capacity.


It's tough, each day I walk home from University I cross a bridge. Each day I feel I get closer to jumping. But I wouldn't, because it would make my mum sad. 


Everyone says you can get help &amp; everyone's life is worth saving, but I don't think people who say that always understand that for some people, their life just doesn't seem worth saving. 


For starters the idea of going to a doctor/therapist makes me feel ill with worry and anxiety, and I'm not sure why.


I've written a suicide note. I don't plan on killing myself - I just wanted to put how I feel into words. I feel broken.


I have always tried to make everyone else smile as much as possible - perhaps this is due to knowing how it feels to be broken inside and not wanting anyone else to feel like that. Or perhaps it's my acknowledging that for others life can be fun. Just not for me.


I would want to leave by taking one final bow and walking off-stage. This would be my ending. It wouldn't be sad, it wouldn't be my life ending early, it would just be the end of my story.


I wouldn't want people to cry. I wouldn't want people to be sad. I would want to just disappear without any sadness of grief. 


It is this struggle that I find the hardest. I'm really struggling to continue and go on. But I would never want to make my friends sad. I've dealt with depression for a while now so they know about it - but they do not know how extreme it has gotten in the past few weeks.


Every day when I'm driving or walking, I think about if I was to just crash. If it would or wouldn't be my fault, that doesn't matter. Would that be easier to accept than knowing I chose to end my life? Or would people think I was looking forward to my whole life ahead of me.


There was a Reddit post that really resonated with me. The user was depressed, and then found out they had terminal cancer. The top comment was saying that they hope the rest of their days are peaceful and short. That is the kind of closure I would look for.


I'm going out tonight to a club with a few friends. My nights out usually end up with me walking back to my flat (40 mins away) alone. It gives me time to think about everything. When I'm back at my flat I scare myself with my thoughts and actions. I've hurt myself many times before and often think that one day I will take it too far.


I just don't want to be sad, and I don't want anyone else to be sad. I feel like my time here is finished. If I could disappear and not have it affect anyone else then I would take that, 100%.



I just want to stop suffering.