So I think I'm going to do it.. Please hear out my story.I know this is long but I beg one of you to read. Within the next few days I'm going to kill myself, I'm not looking for help, or a way out, just looking for one person who will hear out my story.

Throughout my life one story I created has always remained true. It goes like this. In the beginning, I was born into a barren field, nothing in site for miles except for a shovel sticking out of the ground. I approach it and my life bellows down to me, start digging, there's a long way to go. So I comply. I dig and I dig, until the sunlight above me has almost completely disappeared. My shovel breaks as I hit rock bottom, and a single beam of sunlight shines down upon me as I have a reason to look up. As I glance at the sunbeam, I'm suddenly whacked in the face with another shovel and my life screams "Keep on digging!"

Anyways.

My entire life has been a steaming pile of crap since as long as I have had a functioning memory. Starting from a very young age, my parents had no idea how to control a kid with ADHD. So instead of taking the time to learn about it and why their child was so hyper all the time, they got rid of me. Shuffling me off to a group home for just over a year shortly after I turned maybe ten or so.

The staff there abused all of us, with hitting, starving, humiliation, and lashing out at us if we showed any emotion. I learned pretty quickly to take out my anger on myself. In a situation where smiling, or crying is forbidden, what else is there to do aside from brutally bashing the sides of your own head until your numb.

After the year was over I returned home to a family that rejected me in almost everyway, all the friends I had made in my neighborhood, had moved away. I was alone.

I became a recluse, I sat in my bedroom and watched as the sunlight withered away by me. A few years of this passed, had my first girlfriend, ended up cheating on me with the only friend I had left.

We moved away when I was fourteen, it was a new start.

I had gotten accepted into an arts school, actually made a few friends. My life was moderately acceptable for once.

Then it was all destroyed by a single girl. She started a rumor at school that I said I was going to come into school and cut her into a million pieces. I was instantly the crazy kid. Before long, school administration had heard and expelled me from school. I was out of school for maybe nine months before they agreed to let me come back, but upon my return people dodged me. I was alone as usual. I stopped going. During the time I was half in school half wasn't a few major things happened.

I lost my virginity, the girl bashed my knee in with a skateboard and then claimed I raped her when I broke up with her. I had a lot of girlfriends, it was one of the only things I was good at, but all of them eventually got tired of me. That was until my ex, we'll call her K
 
Me and K, we went out for a year, it was the happiest time of my life, the only time I ever felt like I mattered to anyone. She would sleep over my house, and when I woke up in the morning there would be post it notes EVERYWHERE saying how much she loved me.

It was perfect, our anniversary approached and I was never happier. The day before our anniversary I spent the whole day cleaning and getting everything perfect. My facebook pings, I go check and it's a message from her.

It read something along the lines of "I'm sorry but I can't do this anymore, I love you I do but I just don't know anymore". I was caught so off guard, I just sat there. My two friends were over helping me clean, they saw me just sitting there dead eyed. They came over to me and saw the message. I instantly broke down. I didn't eat anything for nearly a month. Just enough to not die of starvation.

Somehow I managed to graduate high school despite all of this.

The summer after graduation, I met a girl. She made me feel like K did, so unbelievable so. It was incredible, so I jumped on the opportunity. We dated for a while, and a few months into our relationship she was spending the night and pulled me over to her. She started spewing all this stuff about how perfect I am and how amazing I was. I hadn't felt like that since K. She then asked me to take her virginity. I did, you can't say no after something like that. Everything is fine, until one of my friends tells me how old she is.

I hadn't even thought about it, hell she looked older than me. Turns out she's only fourteen, and my 18th birthday had just came and passed. I talked to her mother, to come clean. Her mother said she didn't care, I treated her daughter nice and I obviously wasn't using her, and said to just use condoms.

Two weeks later, the police show up at my door, I'm dragged downtown and questioned for two hours. Let's fast forward through like 10 court dates. The charges are lowered and I'm given an ACD, and a restraining order. I'm fine with this, it broke my heart but it was better than losing my future. Life goes somewhat back to normal.

Fast forward, I'm twenty, sitting on my couch playing GTA with my friends online, and there's a knock on the door. I open it, I'm shoved into the wall and dragged out of my house and arrested for statutory rape. My public defendant two years prior never put on the record the charges were lowered from that, and they came back at me the second they realized.

I got taken to jail, the guards hit me, other inmates threatened to kill me, I was called a kiddy didler.

Last fastforward, I'm 21 now, I've been on probation for a year, on for ten total. I'm barely alive as is, and now my father is kicking me out of his house with no warning. I have nothing left. I have a girlfriend that doesn't seem to care, and a cat. That's about it. I'm living out of my car.

I just wanted someone to know my story, and learn from it.

After all the metaphor for my life has always been the same.