I don't know how to confront my youngest brother about his depression and apparent suicidal thoughts.I am 26, my youngest brother is 16 and I have recently discovered he's been looking at suicidal retreats. We share the same Apple ID and his recent searches appear on my iPhone. I don't think he is aware of this and it's hit me like a tonne of bricks.

He's struggled recently with depression or depressive like tendencies. Stays in bed a lot, only really talks to people on Xbox Live and doesn't do much outside of the home because he has scoliosis, which is a curvature of the spine which he is having operated on soon. I think this is scary for him, it is for me so I have no idea how he feels about it all. It's easy to forget he is depressive sometimes (although it isn't diagnosed) because he seems to have such a good time on Xbox Live that you forget he is down, he laughs a lot and has several friends whom he can talk with for hours on end which is great.

There are times however where he's absolutely down in the dumps and doesn't talk or converse with anyone and these are the times I feel it's difficult to say or do anything to make him feel at ease. He's my youngest brother you know? I should be able to do anything. Looking at his previous searches it appears he's been looking at 'how to talk to girls' and although I feel like this is prying on his searches I'm hoping this isn't the ultimate reason for his depression. I didn't talk to girls properly until I was like 21 and it saddens me if this is bothering him so much. It's not something we discuss so maybe I should breech it?

Anyway, I was hoping for some advice on how to breech the whole situation? Do I say I've seen what he's been searching (the suicidal stuff?)? Do I bring it up out of the blue? Do I offer to take him doctors instead of my mother? I think she knows but she hasn't done much with him because she's busy and I don't think she fully understands the situation. It's a shock to the system and I don't know where to begin. I apologize if any of my post is insensitive too, I know terminology can be tricky at times.