I love being alone but hate it at the same timeI haven’t had friends in over 5 years. I’ve always prioritized my focus on having girlfriends, which is really nice and its good to have someone that knows the deeper side to you, but it really makes you feel worthless when you’re with an overall extroverted person. I’ve never prioritized having friends because for whatever reason I don’t know how to make a friend, and since a child I’ve always been so picky. I remember being 12 and making a whole list of why I find it hard to make friends to my mom and she said that I shouldn’t put so much emphasis on what they’re like because not everyone is perfect. It’s not fulfilling to just have a girlfriend especially when they have a life outside of you and work. We’ve been together for eight months and I’ve only met her friends in passing. I feel like a failure in the eyes of her parents, but she tells me they like me. The social world makes me feel so low and like I’m not achieving or doing enough. I love being alone but I want friends at the same time. I reach very high places of happiness, but those moments slowly get fractured, and the cycle of breakdown and recovery are constant. I’m always sad, even when I’m happy I feel that sadness pulling at my collar. The weird thing is I like being sad, but you can’t put that sad face on at work or around your significant other. I always feel like dying and when little things happen I see that as an exit. I’ve been really mean to the girls I’ve dated, making them feel like they’re not enough by overanalyzing, overworrying, and lacking trust, when really the problem is just me and my dissatisfaction with my own life. I think it’s true when people say you have to love yourself before you love someone else. You can manage to do both, but it’s really fucking hard when you’ve been through so much trauma and your parents never gave you any guidance. I’m barely figuring out how the fuck to be self sufficient. It’s just a constant battle. I tell myself I’d never kill myself but I know how I get when there doesn’t seem like there’s a point to living anymore. Life is really pointless but we have to give it a point or else we would just self destruct. 