Why do I try?Realised I posted this in the wrong place so sorting that now 

Sorry in advance for long post, some basic info
Age: 22
Sex: male
Location: UK

I'm not worried if no one replies, it's just nice to finally get all these feelings off my chest somewhere 

I suffer with seasonal depression, every winter I have the blues - but I can normally deal with it. This year I've had a huge shift in social circles and I'm still trying to find somewhere I feel I fit in

This new social circle I'm in has been very supportive, until recently - they seem to be fed up with my feelings and situation, they haven't vocalised this, but you can just tell by the way they behave that they don't enjoy having me around or enjoy talking to me. But they're my only friends, and I need friends, especially now.

I have one other friend that's in uni she's been really great, talked me out of suicide the weekend just gone, calmed me down during my panic attacks when I've needed someone - but she too is getting fed up with me, she said she had so much stress on her already and she feels like she just keeps saying the same things to me over and over and she doesn't need this on her finals weeks, but she's more than happy to be there for me 
Let's be clear, I totally understand that, she has got a lot of stress, she doesn't need me calling her at 1 am at the edge of the top of a building. But the way she put it really hit me hard and had left me feeling like I can't talk to anyone about what's going on anymore 

I feel without friends, I feel like the last person that was keeping me grounded has left me. And it's left me unable to talk to anyone about how I feel, or about what's going on. 

On top of this I've been trying to get professional help - because my suicidal tendencies are so sporadic and sudden it's been tough to be taken seriously, I'm in a good mood when talking to the doctors because I feel I'm doing something to get help, and that gives me hope. I've had a follow up from this, but since then I've heard nothing about getting any help. 

I told my family about how I felt a month or so back, all that has done is put a lot of worry in my family, where it really wasn't needed. My dad is under a lot of stress right now, he has a really important role in his job which he got last year and he's constantly worried about messing up. He's takes it out on the rest of the family emotionally, it's clear he can't handle the stress, so we forgive him, and suck it up, he's putting a roof over our head and food in our mouths after all
My mum takes the blunt of most of my dad's emotions, and I feel for her, she's had a lot of death in the family lately too which she's been struggling with, the last thing she needs is my dad throwing his emotions her way. 
My family have constantly been concerned that I'm going to kill myself, they know that I've tried once before. So when they see me in a bad mood they just go on lock down and get really protective over me. 
It smothers me though - I can't open up to them about what's going on anymore, they don't need that. 

It just feels like it would be so much easier for everyone, literally everyone if I just gave up
This whole depression has been up in the air for so long and the tension around it has been so high(I mean I did almost jump off a building Saturday) 
I just feel that if I did just not tell anyone what's going on and I did just kill myself the tension would be gone, no one would be worried about it happening anymore, and the sooner I do it, the sooner they can get over what's happened, if they even need to. 

Sorry for long post
TL;DR I've been suicidal for a long time and I don't feel capable of talking to friends and family about it anymore. I've started believing that killing myself will fix everyone's problems. 