pulling another all nighter because turning off my computer is too much effortgonna start this off by saying that i absolutely do not value my own life in the slightest, i never have, and my own life has never been even the slightest consideration in the back of my head when debating whether or not i want to kill myself, at least not consciously. but, i am convinced that it is 100% morally wrong to commit suicide. it'd basically completely tear apart my entire immediate family because of reasons that i dont feel like explaining, and it would be extremely cruel to my best friend who i have talked to almost every day since 5th grade. the problem is that i'm finding it really hard to care anymore. even if i know that it's wrong, so what? there are so many people who do so many worse things in the world, that cause suffering on a scale incomprehensible to human minds. numbers so high that they cannot be transferred back into feelings by the brains that caused it. who's going to stop me? god? i would prefer hell over living, because at least then i won't have a way out anymore. everything is way too much effort. education, work, music, friendships, relationships, eating, video games, movies, talking, breathing. i can't stand any of it anymore. it's not even that i don't find enjoyment in things. i really, honestly do, but it's just way too hard for me to ever keep going at this rate. even thinking is too taxing for me to spend much time on it. i can't do anything, i have absolutely no skills at all and no intention to get any of those skills (the only thing i've ever been good at was a video game that i was one of the best in the world at, but i quit playing because it was too much work). it's been like this since around 4th grade, though it's gotten steadily worse every year since. i have motivations and dreams, dreams that i know i can achieve, but i really wouldn't care in the slightest if i failed to achieve them. i just wish i was born as a chicken in a factory farm or something instead of a human so i wouldn't have to deal with all of this.