I've had enough pain.I have nothing good awaiting me in the future. Just a prison sentence waiting to happen, and god to yet again betray me and tell me to have faith, go forward. I've had faith so many times, and every single time, it's for nothing but what I don't want. Another woman I don't give a damn about thrown in my way, while whoever I've worked for and had faith in and sacrificed for is making out with some other guy. 

I've just fucking had it with how we're all programmed by a programmer to have a sex drive. I wish people didn't make love, because I am shot down by everyone I love, and that's all that ever will happen to me. I'm sick of the whole cycle. I want to die every day. I'm never enough. 

I just don't want to live another day because I've been through more than enough pain. I should've ended it a long time ago. Don't give me fucking advice on relationships either. I already know the game, I'm simply just not good enough for people out of my fucking league. So I'd rather have no one at all. So fuck off. 

Fuck you, and fuck your opinions. Help me die. Fuck god. fuck you all. No one will ever understand my ongoing torture and torment, and how god has betrayed me even though I was more faithful and righteous than anyone in the whole world. What the hell kind of life is this? It's a nightmare. When will the nightmare end. Every day is a stab to the heart, every day is in vain. Show me a cripple to make me feel better. No, fuck you. Show me some fairness and bring people like donald trump who has everything down. Bring everyone who has it good down.

I won't forgive the 1000+ people who've tried their best to destroy me, who've betrayed me, who've taken advantage of me. I'm sick of it all. God, kill me you cowardly prick. Kill me, end me forever. I'm begging you. And you know what, don't give me that shit about fucking forgetting the past you godamn fuck. Don't give me that shit... I'm sick of it.

Don't give me that shit. You godamn bastard. I want it to end now, and if it doesn't end now, then what the fuck, you force me to keep living. So when we die, do we just go outside the fish tank and watch what other souls on earth do all day? Do we just see what happens to them and fucking watch? Is that the way life is meant to be? I want out, and I want another chance. I'm just sick of the way I was treated, it's killing me and eating my brain inside and out. I want YOU to relive my past and not be able to do anything about OCD DEPRESSION BIPOLARITY and the fucking rest. I want you to experience my past, and I want revenge on EVERYONE.