SuicideWatch, I need your help.First of all: I apologize if this isn't a very cohesive post. I'm kind of just typing as the thoughts come to me. Please read on though.

I'll start from the beginning. My best friend of 6 years recently opened up to me about events that transpired in his life when he was younger and I honestly just need to know how I can be a better friend to him and help him through this difficult time in his life. We'll simply call my friend C. C is 19 years old and I'm 20. We met in high school 6 years ago and he has been like a brother to me ever since. We have our differences, but I can honestly say that he has been a constant in my life. He's a great guy, but we never talk about emotion or anything of the sort. He's a very reserved person and has never really opened up to me. I always knew he had a tough life and that his mother was not a very good person. He's been living with his father since a young age. 

Last night he was at my house hanging out with me and was having an argument over text with his long-time off and on again girlfriend. We'll call her H. I never appreciated her much. She's the kind of girl who thinks that thinks that she does no wrong. I believe that she is a toxic person, but I never tried to get in the way of C's relationship although he knows what I think about her. In fact he agrees. She's very sheltered and doesn't understand the real world at all. In fact, H completely hates me just because I'm a cigarette smoker and an atheist. Even though I've been a good friend to C, she hates me for what I think are rather silly reasons. It was the typical argument between the two. She always says really mean-spirited things to him, yet she continues to drag him along. She was telling him how she didn't really care about him. She always says that. Just to knock him down a peg. This time though, he snapped. He went off on her and told her to fuck off pretty much. He finally got tired of being talked down to by her. That's when he told me that he was going to go home for a little bit and that he would be back later. I didn't think much of it and told him that I'll see him soon.

About 2 hours later he calls me and tells me that he is walking up to my door. I asked him what was going on and he told me that he had just got off the phone with the suicide hotline. I thought he had called them on H's behalf. I would have never guess in a million years that it was for him. He has always been so stoic. He told me that he had a breakdown and just needed to talk to someone. I was honestly shocked. I've never known him to be emotional at all. I asked him what exactly had happened because I was concerned. He basically told me that his argument with H triggered him to have a major anxiety attack and that all of his past events came flooding out. He told me that he was actually molested as a child and that it all just came back to him at once. I didn't know what to say. I never knew that it was that bad. He vented to me a little bit, but didn't tell me everything. 

Here is the problem though: Because C has always been so stoic, we have literally never had an emotional conversation. I honestly don't know how to talk to him about that kind of thing, simply because it's a boundary that we have never crossed. I told him that if he ever needed to talk about it then I would always be here. I told him that if there was anything he needed then I would be there. But I didn't know what else to say. That's all I had.

I don't have much experience with the kinds of things he's been through, but I feel like I kind of failed him because I was so clueless as to what to say. We ended up just watching The Hobbit and going to sleep. He left early in the morning and I haven't spoken to him since. I just need your help as to what I can do to be there for him better. I know I'm really all he's got. How do I talk to him about this kind of thing? How can I do better? If any of you have any experience with this type of thing, I'm all ears.

Thanks in advance.

**UPDATE:** I texted him just a minute ago and asked how he was doing. He says he is doing better, but says that he is considering seeing a therapist so that he doesn't have to keep everything so bottled up. I encouraged him to do so and let him know that I am always here as well. I will continue to do my best to be there for him even if he simply needs to bitch about life for a while. Thank you for the advice and the additional resources! 