My Psychopathic Ex I feel like the story needs way more context than it really does. Short story, my parents divorced while I was in middle school, my dad abused me and my brother mentally and physically, it made me extremely socially awkward. He started smoking pot while drinking and became more passive, less aggressive. 

 Anyway, these past few years, I've been healing from that and becoming "normal," atleast trying to. I started dressing the way I wanted in highschool, making friends, etc. The problems I developed seemingly faded away, up until Junior year. 

 October 18th, 2018. I started dating a girl I'll call M. When we started dating I was involuntarily put into a mental hospital for suicidal ideations, caused by a series of events that reminded me of middle school. They tried to put me on a drug called Zoloft for PTSD, which I refused (I believed if I had a prescription drug in the house I would overdose on it.) So I was in this hospital for 5 days, which felt like eternity with a bunch of wacky kids that would try to cut themselves with crayons. I didn't see daylight a single time, and my only source of entertainment was the book "Hitchhiker's Guide to The Galaxy." When I got out, everything was surreal, the sun was 10x brighter, and I wanted to die (humorously.)

 Anyways, I went back in to my very first job at Taco Bell, which I started a month prior. They asked me where I was, drama started, and I quit. I used my last paycheck of about $400 for my first date with M, we went to the mall and I bought her everything she wanted. She was my first girlfriend, I was so wrapped around her, I never wanted to lose her. Within the first month I had vented my entire experience with the divorce, and trusted her immensely. We had minor drama with another guy who she slept with while I was in the hospital, which eventually grew to a way bigger issue.

 I see my dad on saturdays now, he was my main source of support during the relationship and gave me some great advice, such as "Jealousy originates from insecurity." I wish I took his advice during the relationship, but I was blind with love, I guess. The next few months consisted of me getting jealous, her making me feel bad (gaslighting me), and threats of breakup that never came true. Month #4 was our first real breakup, that's quite the weird story.

 A Thursday night, she called me having a mental breakdown. She said in very great detail about thoughts she'd been having about murdering me for media attention. Out of all the signs I missed of her being narcissistic, that was the biggest. I promised not to tell a soul, hung up, and went straight to my mom. I mean, you would do the same if you just realized the girl you slept next to several nights had intentions of slitting your throat with a razor, too right?

 By this point I had dropped out for skipping too many classes, because I couldn't focus on both them and her and I chose her. The next day when she gets to school, she starts texting me saying she's in the girl's room cutting herself. The series of events are hazy to me, but pretty much she's taken away by the cops who pat her down in the middle of the courtyard, she's taken to a hospital to be evaluated, and lies her way out of it. 

 The drama causes us to breakup, she blocks me, and sends nudes to another guy. When she unblocks me, I have no idea she did this, and accept her back, still deeply in love with the thought of having a girlfriend, rather than being in love with her. The next few months aren't the same, she's more distant, we spend less time together, etc. She's no longer allowed at my house because my mom banned her for the threats.

 She gets a job at a gas station, and more drama comes up. Her 40 year old manager starts sexually harassing her, and invites her to be in porn. I somehow get my mom to allow her inside the house so she can give M advice, and M instantly changes the subject to get my mom to "like her." Basically begging for pity, which immediately indicated she was lying.

 What was especially crazy about that was she was crying when she called me, 100% serious. It was the first red flag out of thousands I finally caught onto. A few weeks later, she tells me she's started talking to her ex. That's a bigger deal though, because she explained at the start of the relationship that she's never really loved anyone after him, he was her true love. Her story (which I'm not 100% about) is that after he left her, she showed up at his house covered in blood and cut marks and her mom called the cops. 

 Anyways I'm uncomfortable with the situation so I bring it up in a reasonable way, and of course she gaslights me again, like she always did. Instantly makes it my fault for worrying, and she would "never do anything with him."

 So I'm walking her to her house from work one night, and the subject comes up again. Some things got said, and she told me "I'd rather make out with him than be in a relationship with you." It was heartbreaking to hear, but I needed to cut the strings she had attached to me and get out of the relationship, so I finally turned around and walked away, blocking her on everything.

&amp;#x200B;

 The next couple of weeks were hard, suicide thoughts, a few almost-attempts, then she texts me with a new phone number. Let me put some of the texts she sent:

 "I don't feel good with the way things were left. I know for a fact it left you rather disgruntled about me and youve made several statements that you would like to bring physical harm over me and my boyfriend if you saw us in public." 

 That was based off me venting to my friends angrily, saying things like "once I have a car if I see her I'll run her over!" As, very clearly, a joke. Notice how she made it abundantly clear that she has a new boyfriend, and is trying to accuse me of threats. She was trying to create drama that I instantly negated by saying "Leave me and my family alone." and blocking her.

&amp;#x200B;

Anyways, after that mess I got through the hell by smoking, getting high and drinking. I'm 17, this is clearly not healthy, and I don't really care. I've spent the past few months in my room staying up all night on coffee, seeing my dad on saturdays to get wasted, and I think I've lost something important inside myself. This is sick, and I don't know why I'm saying it on here, but as a kid whenever I needed to cry, I would imagine my mom dying. Now, I'm physically incapable of crying. Listening to music that reminds me of my ex, imagining a terrorist breaking in and gunning down my entire family, nothing works. I know something's probably building up, but I can't feel it.

 I started having weird mood shifts, where I would be productive, or be semi happy, or be depressed. But it's not like the depression I had during the divorce, it's different. My only thoughts lead to if I stopped talking to my mom/dad/brother for several weeks and suddenly "go for a walk," and take some prescriptions with me into the woods. My mom tried getting me a counselor, but for some reason now I lie, which is morally wrong to me, but I tell whatever I need to for them to think I'm normal. I can shift the story to whatever I want and they believe it, everyone does. They all think I'm over my ex and I'm happy and ready for a job and a life, and I spend the night fantasizing  about all the horrendous ways I could mutilate myself so nobody could recognize my body.

 My dad told me about a condition most soldiers who go to war get, Dissociative Identity Disorder. I'm starting to think I have it, when I think about my life in that house when the divorce happened, it's like it was an entirely different person, when I think about the me that dated M, it was such a naive idiot. I'm a completely different person, I know it's edgy but I genuinely don't care about anything. It makes me sad to know that I'm destroying my life every day with all these toxins, but subconsciously I want it. I was taught suicide is for the weak, I've tried several times and never could go through with it, but I know if I join the Army and get sent off to war I'll atleast make my dad proud.