Worried about my suicidal girlfriendMy girlfriend and I have been together for 5 years. I love her a lot and I really care about her. She gets very anxious sometimes and has for as long as I've known her, but it's not usually this bad. I think she probably has depression, based on how she's been lately. One day out of the blue she burst into tears and told me she was suicidal. She said she's had suicidal feelings for a while and just wants to die. When she started crying and admitted she was suicidal I held her and listened to her cry and told her she was going to be ok. I'm so fucking worried about her, I love her so much.. I feel like she really needs help, to talk to a therapist or something, but she's adamantly against getting help from anyone.

I try to comfort her and just be there for her when she feels really bad, and I think that helps her a little. Sometimes when we're together she'll ask me to hold her and tell her everything will be ok.. Even if she feels a little better when I'm there for her, I obviously can't magically make her stop being depressed. She needs help, but she insists she's fine or says she doesn't want to see anyone, maybe because she's too anxious. I'm trying to make sure she's ok but I'm really worried she's going to try to kill herself. I'm really worried about her. Lately she's gotten a lot worse, because she's really stressed and struggling with all her work (we're both studying medicine, and she's been feeling really overwhelmed for a while.)

When we aren't together for a few days she gets a lot worse. She'll text me saying she feels horrible and wants to die, and I'll call her and talk to her and just listen to her cry and tell me how she feels, and she eventually feels a little better. That's happened twice. Once she told me she was really close to killing herself and I had to talk her out of it over the phone.

Please, what can I do for her? It breaks my heart to know that she feels so terrible and I'm so worried for her. I just don't know what I can do if she keeps refusing to get help, and I'm scared that she's close to suicide. I love her so much and I'd do anything to make sure she's ok.