House mate has been acting manic lately and like clockwork he locked himself in the bathroom with a knife.J got drunk and instigated a fight with his partner, B. Things were bitchy and funny and then all of a sudden J goes into the other room and starts violently making out with B and bending over for him presenting himself and then slapping him when he refuses to have sex. They both leave separately and I am on the phone with my sister complaint about being in the middle of all this when J  returns to apologize very lucidly and mentions he’s going to take a long bath. A very loooong bath. And then locks me out on the patio while I am smoking. 

Of course I know what this means. Last time he did this he took a knife with him and only made threats of harm. And this time again it was only the threat. I took away the block of knifes but there was still one missing. He ran to his car and I met him there first. Then he kept running. He returned again and things had calmed down. He was cancelling credit cards and ripping up bills. I figured whatever it takes to get him to go to bed. 

After J went to bed I called the suicide hotline for advice. Eventually referred to a local university. And because of his history and to my knowledge he has never gone to a therapist or doctor about this. He claims his family pediatrician said just to change his diet and make a work out journal. Anyways I was worried he would not make any appointments or actually keep them with a psychiatrist and they kind of worked me up into a panic and I decided to call an ambulance so they could asses his vital signs. 

But instead the police came and not an ambulance. J had gone to sleep. And the situation had calmed down. I wanted the paramedics to see him not the police. But eventually they actually convinced him to see the ambulance who took him to the hospital voluntarily. He’s drunk and can’t be out on any kind of hold they’re told me. 

I just couldn’t bear waking up to find him hurt or dead. I don’t care if he’s mad at me but I still want reassurance it was the right thing to do. 