Experiencing LonelinessHi. I’m 22 years old and live by myself in a one bedroom flat. I grew up in a “less amiable” part of London and attended some of the worst schools in the country. I was severely beaten in my first year of secondary school, had my phone stolen at knife point, had my bike stolen, even had my fucking beanie stolen which I got as a gift and didn’t even realise it was some designer brand until the thieves mentioned it.

Anyway. My dad was an alcoholic who would come home drunk almost every midnight and keep me awake until 2am. I used to long for those rare times he would remain at work overnight so that I would have some reprieve. Throughout the years I learnt to keep to myself. I persevered and eventually was admitted to one of the top universities in the country to study medicine. This is the only highpoint in my life, the only thing that thinking about make me proud of myself.

Soon after my first year I moved out of my now divorced mother’s house. She was the only person I had regular contact with; I barely see my father once every few months. I have no close friends. I met some people I got along with at college but we went our separate ways with some attending other universities around the country and others – I don’t even know. I have their numbers but I never kept in touch and neither did they.

I’m 22 and never had a girlfriend. I thought I met someone but it turned out she had a boyfriend. After that I realised how deeply lonely I am and how much I desire for someone to share my life with. The growing emptiness inside has crippled me. I was supposed to be in my 4th year now, but I didn’t even turn up to my exams and have been dropped from my course. My mum always said that the reason she keeps waking up every day is to see me succeed but after hearing this… she hasn’t talked to me for over a month. For the first time in my life I want to talk to someone about what I’m feeling and there’s no one that cares.

The last thing I want to do now is spent whatever time the money I've saved buys me driving around Scotland’s countryside. Then I’ll probably see myself out. I’m not going to follow this post, I’m just happy if another human being reads this. Thanks. 