Why is it so hard to discuss being suicidal?Unfortunately being suicidal is taboo both in offline life and online life.  Strangely, it is one of the few topics that even on the internet it can't be openly discussed as many topics on suicide are highly censored.  Dying is a part of life.  One day we will all die.  Yes, no one likes talking about death and it usually isn't the best dinner party conversation starter.  


Today there are a lot of underserved suicidal people that don't have a venue to discuss topics that would either help them or lessen the pain on the survivors post-suicide.  Suicide is an extremely complex topic that can't be generalized.  At best, the only two factors that seem to be universally applicable is risk level (probability of death) and duration (days, months, years) or suicidal thoughts and feelings.


The internet does a decent job of serving the short duration folks.  They typically have some recent event that puts them in the suicidal territory.  Most of them fall in the low risk category and generally things get resolved and they move out of suicide land in under 21 days.  


On the other end of the spectrum are the high risk / long duration folks.  These are people who have suffered with suicidal feelings for years or decades.  They likely have been through a decent amount of therapy and are on some cocktail of anti-depressants.  For the most part, the long-duration folks have learned to cope with suicidal feelings as the daily norm and can play the 'everything's fine' card very well.  They have learned to 'act' normal in business and social contexts and for the most part no one knows anything is going on.  No one wants to be friends or do business with suicidal people.  


Spoiler Alert - I'm part of the high risk / long duration category.  I have been 'functionally suicidal' for over 30 years.  Basically it means I'm suicidal everyday, but I have found ways to cope with it and not kill myself.  (It's debatable if this is actually a good thing)  I also have figured out how to integrate with society and 'act' normal. 


The internet does a very poor job of helping the people in the high risk / long duration category.  Most of the techniques used for the short duration folks don't help the high risk / long duration folks.  If they did work, then the long duration folks would have been helped long ago and would have never ended up in the long duration category.


If I were to classify the "Suicide Spectrum" it looks something like this:
(1) Short Duration / Low Risk
(2) Short Duration / High Risk
(3) Long Duration / Low Risk
(4) Long Duration / High Risk
(5) Dead
(6) Suicide Survivor forums

There is a big gap in help on the internet between #3 - #6.  There are many topics that I would like to discuss that likely would help someone and they don't appear to violate any of the rules on SuicideWatch.  Is there a place on the internet to discuss topics appropriate to group #4?  Is this an appropriate venue?






