Don’t want to commit suicide but don’t really want to wake up tomorrowI'm so done. I can't wait another year to leave for college with my boyfriend. I'm so tired of living here in this house with my toxic parents and their toxic divorce. I'm so exhausted with not being able to have a proper job because of my stress levels and my high sensitivity, and I'm so tired of the jobs I have right now that I don't want to get up in the morning. I'm so done with my 5:30am-12am days. Babysitting, homework, dog walking, homework. Sleep. All day. I'm so exhausted from being so bored. And I realize that's a privileged thing to be saying but I want to be with people, having fun, interacting... I love them so much, that's where I get my stimulation in life... but I can't work more than two hours in any customer service job without having close to a panic attack because of pressure and an insane flow of people that messes with my empathy. And I can't have anything else besides a high pressure customer service job before my undergrad degree. 

I'm so tired of working so hard to get over my trauma and then having my boyfriend work with the man who emotionally abused me three days a week and be part of the community he built in his business. I'm so tired of that being the only job he can have right now, and I'm so tired of regressing every single time he goes and working so hard to not feel betrayed by him when it's his only choice right now. I'm so tired of missing actively participating in that community with my boyfriend. We used to work together, and then he made me realize that my boss and our teacher was making me legitimately depressed. And it's taken me almost a year to get over it since quitting, and I'm so done. I was so close. I'm so done with him being back there.

I'm so done. I want it to be next year and I want to be across the country away from this town and away from these jobs and I want to be a different person. I'm so exhausted. I just want to study and focus on my classes and read my favorite books and talk to my boyfriend and get away from my parents fighting over money and my college tuition and their stupid divorce. I'm so tired.

(I should probably mention I'm not planning anything at \*all\*... I do want to wake up, but I want it to be next year. I'm still hopeful for it to get here, it's just every day of my weeks now are draining me so much and I’m scared I’m reaching the inability to hope. Also thank you so so so much for listening, this sub is incredible and I'm really grateful I have the opportunity to post something like this somewhere. You guys are amazing.) 