My failureLast night I decided to kill myself.  Obviously I didn't succeed.
It's not a new thought to me; the first time I tried, I was 11 or 12 years old.  My parents were going through what was essentially a divorce in every way except legally, meaning that they were emotionally and physically apart but still lived under the same roof "for my sake."  They still do, and they hate each other.
That was 5ish years ago, and after getting my heart broken by my best friend, I decided to do it.  Every hope and dream I had was shattered and out of reach.  I had distanced myself from the rest of my friends and my family was in shambles.  My beloved dog passed away just 2 months ago, and one of my friends I had made in the mental hospital jumped in front of a train just one month prior to that.  Why stick around?
I was so ready to do it.  I knew it would hurt like a bitch, but at that point it was 2 am and I was distraught and exhausted.
But standing there with the rope around my neck, I was suddenly accosted by what I suppose is my survival instinct.  It was as though I was every age I've ever been and every age I have yet to be all at once.  The little kid in me still wanted to grow up, go to prom in the spring, graduate, see college, buy a horse, fall in love...  And my future self seemed to be telling me that I'm being immature, and that as I grew older my problems now wouldn't seem so vast.  And then there was my current self, begging me to die.
I stood there for a long time before I eventually went back to my room.  I was crying, and my best friend was frantically texting me and begging me not to go even after he broke my heart just 2 hours earlier. 
Now I don't know what to do.  Standing there in the cold gave me some perspective (but I know that I'll most certainly get hospitalized when I tell my therapist all this).  I suppose that the hopeful little kid in me still wants to try, even though each and every wish seems wildly out of reach.  
Thank you for reading.  I just wanted to put this out there before I inevitably get sent back to inpatient.