I can’t find a reason to liveI’m just going to hop into the first reason I don’t want to live. I’m really short for my age. I’m 13 and either 4 foot 9 or 4 foot 10, and I hate the shape of my body. I have so much excess fat that just is always there. I’m constantly sucking in to look decent and I wear shirts that hang a little lose so that people don’t know how fat I look. The weird thing is, I’m low on the BMI scale. If I’m 4 foot 10, I’m actually underweight. If I’m any shorter, I’m just barely not underweight. I haven’t been eating because I hate my body shape, but that has made me underweight so I’m just confused now. I’m pretty sure it just means I have 0 muscle, which I wouldn’t be shocked by. I want to fix it, but then I proceed to do absolutely nothing to do so. I hate it. I hate how I do that. I hate my body shape. I hate everything about me.  I have a few good friends, but I don’t know if they really like me. Just everything that’s been happening in my life feels like too much. I don’t know why. I’ve made some posts on this account so no one I know finds out the details of this stuff, but it all feels like just too much. I don’t even know why. So many people have it so much worse, and I’m over here in a good house wanting to kill myself. It makes me realize I’m a bad person, but I want to kill myself more because of that. We all end up dying, and boom there’s nothing. Why stay then? There’s no point. We’ll all end up the same. Dead. Gone. I just hate everything about living, and especially I hate myself. I just can’t find a reason to live, yet I’m still here somehow. I don’t know why, or why I broke down after an attempt on my life. Maybe I don’t want my friends to kill themselves. They probably wouldn’t though. I doubt they even care about me. They just keep me around because they need to for some reason. What am I doing? I’m literally on an app typing out shit to a bunch of random people in hopes to not feel as bad. This is wasting my limited time existing. I’m going to just curl up in a ball, hate myself, and hopefully kill myself in the end. Who knows, maybe there is something after death. In which case, I’ll see maybe 1 of you in hell. 