I am overcome with guilt and shame and I just really need someone to talk toI saw a therapist through my school but I'm on break now and don't have access to one. Nothing in my life seems to be going right. I can't find a job and all the places I have tried don't call back. My girlfriend left me almost eight months ago now, I blame myself for why it ended and am depressed about finding someone else. I can't motivate myself to accomplish any of my goals. I am so tired of feeling terrible, worthless and incapable of fixing my situation.

What set this off was a huge mistake that I made and am feeling extremely guilty and ashamed of. Long story short: friend had a party, parents were out, I took the last two benzos I found in a drawer. I was intoxicated but I knew what I was doing, I was trying to get a high and get some relief from stress. Turns out they were the last two, parents freak out when they get home and due to the party plus the fact that the dad doesn't have his prescription, friend kicked out of the house.

I have overcome prescription abuse in the past year, so I felt absolutely terrible about going back to them, and immediately the finger gets pointed at me. I denied it to two of my friends but finally came clean to them last night. They have forgiven me and told me how much they want me to be okay, and how they are there as a support system. But I feel like a dirty thieving addict who's incapable of dealing with problems normally and has no self control. Going through medicine cabinets of my friends trying to get high makes me feel literally worthless. And now my friends know about my shameful problems.

He is not going to tell his parents it was me fortunately, but I'm not sure how much he has told them. I can't take their words of forgiveness to heart because I just want to make it right. I feel like I came such a long way in restoring my reputation. Knowing that others knew about my drug abuse, and everything that goes along with it, brings me indescribable shame. This is just dredging all those feelings back up and making me confront them all at once, and through conversations with the people that found out about it. I just need someone to talk to and some advice. My summer break has so far been a really depressing time filled with anxiety.

**tl;dr: Stressed out about everything. Stole from a friend and it came back on me. Having difficulty forgiving myself and thinking about the ramifications. Feeling desperate for something good to come into my life.**

thanks for anything. i don't feel like i deserve any help or kind words but it is appreciated.