I think I've been relapsing: Not sure if I need help, but I definitely need to vent.This is a rant.  *Trigger Warning* to anyone who is extremely vulnerable right now*: DO NOT READ THIS.*

&amp;#x200B;

I have little else to turn to at this time.  I no longer have time to see a psychologist, the medications never worked in the first place (I've been off for five years now), there's no friend around who will handle this well, and my family has already been through enough.  Checking myself into a hospital is not an option.  I have projects I cannot miss and it would send me into debt regardless--which, of course, would only make things worse.  I can't tell if this is a relapse of depression or if the depression was just on pause for a couple months.  Or has it been a couple days?  I really can't remember.  My memory is always returning and fading lately, an ebbing and receding slog I can't seem to keep track of anymore.  For a few years it seemed like the mood swings only changed with the seasons; then it deteriorated down to months, then to weeks, then days, and now every morning--every moment is just a random roll of the dice.  I don't recognize the feelings I have anymore and just when I think I have it all navigated--the anxiety, the depression, the paranoia, the fear, the sorrow, the rage, the loneliness, etc.-- I wake up the next morning and I'm back to square one.

What's hilarious is I'm not couch-locked, bed-ridden, or cut off from everybody.  Yeah, perhaps it's been slightly more difficult to get out of bed in the mornings, but I still ride my bike.  I still go to the gym four times a week.  I still practice yoga daily, attend parties, socialize, eat healthy (obsessively), maintain creative hobbies, and get to work on time.  I have yet to miss a class this semester and my grades are still A's and B's.  I have no debt, no major legal problems, no children, and no addictions.  I only drink on the weekends, haven't touched cannabis in over a year (and even then it was a rare occurrence due to the panic attacks), and haven't touched other drugs for several years--prescribed and otherwise.  So why am I complaining? Why is it that every day I just want it to fucking *end* already!  Just walk out into the mountains, out into the forest, or maybe onto the coast somewhere--I'll lie down on the earth and let nature take back everything.  Dissolve back into the dust I came from and continue on as sustenance to the things that deserve it.

Every evening I look in the mirror, see the disheveled man staring back at me with grey beginning to spring up in his facial hair, that receding hairline, and those blue eyes slowly losing their spark of life, and I laugh my fucking ass off.  I lift up my shirt, and hey!  My abs are still there!  The muscles I can't stop checking are still visible!  I'm not fat!  Thank god I'm not fat!  My hands are still dexterous enough to draw, paint, and write.  But my crooked spine, hips, and shoulders scream in chronic agony as my mind rages like a hurricane.  Despite my best efforts, I am eternally fixated on all that is wrong with world, everything that is wrong with myself, and every reason why I--despite my best and painstaking efforts--have been utterly incapable of fixing both.  This isn't my fucking life! This can't be what all that ridiculous hype is about!

"Doesn't it just feel so great to be alive?"  HaHAHAHahaHA!!

It's like I'm trapped in a movie with no foreseeable happy ending where I keep barely scraping past psychosis while everyone else around me drudges through the same mind-numbing shit day-in and day-out.  They try to distract themselves and then get pissed when I point out the obvious.  When I finally get them to crack, they admit it all and I sit back in horror as I realize my reality may be closer to the real deal than I had hoped.  I laugh some more as my well and stable friend with a 5 year plan explains to me how he hopes to deal with the overwhelming fact that "we are all fucked in a few decades."  I drink myself to the edge of alcohol poisoning after a game of pool and laugh some more as I sit on the floor hacking up bile. I can't think of a more romantic way for it all to end.  From missionary, to wanderluster, to college wanna-be artist lying next to his bed in his own blood and vomit gasping for breath.  And yet the laughing brings back the vitality and suddenly I'm good to go again.  Just fucking *perfect!*

I can't tell if I'm still all there sometimes, and to be quite honest I'm beginning to wonder if it's all downhill from here.  The delirium has been insane lately with no end as what intelligence I had slowly dissipates from me only to return at random times.  Basic math?  Gone!  Writing skills?  Bye bye!  All of that science I learned in a failed major?  History!  Organization?  Next on the chopping block as this incoherent babble of nonsense is spewing onto the keyboard.

I recall watching my friend who was diagnosed with bipolar disorder gradually slipping into the cognizance of a senile old man--but he was also not that bright to begin with.  Yet my mom experienced a similar deterioration, and it only took a year of such an onset before she devolved into shooting a .40 caliber slug through her skull.  She wasn't an idiot.  She ran her own business, was in a loving marriage, took care of three children, had the perfect house in the perfect neighborhood, and socialized with everyone.  The doctors and psychologists also couldn't figure out what the hell happened to her.  But whatever this malignant shit is, it's obviously in my blood.  I've come to terms with that, no one else has.

But here I am also hoping that it all works out.  Maybe I will get that degree, meet that awesome girl, fall in love, move out to the PNW, and start anew.  All of my overly strange and guarded tendencies will suddenly subside.  I'll find my way into a career I love and finally get some of my pieces into a gallery.  All of this achieved within the next couple of decades of course, because from what I've seen in some of the northern-most parts of the world (yes, with my own fucking eyes) anyone who isn't a billionaire is likely screwed.  Or maybe I'll just drive out to Ruby Beach in the spring and string myself up after watching the sunset.  I don't know what to do, and honestly there doesn't seem to be any way out of my current situation (death aside) that doesn't end with me finding some kind of internal misery at the end of a daunting struggle.  Okay, maybe in that 0.001% chance scenario I previously mentioned, which is basically everything I'm aiming for right now.  If it fails... I don't know.  Unfortunately I'm past the middle of my 20's, and according to psychologists, who I am now is likely who I am stuck with, and that terrifies me beyond words.  Perhaps the insanity and mental degradation will be an escape in that regard, though if the terrifying acid trips I had years ago have taught me anything--I am in for a shit show if/when my mind slips completely.

To be frank, I'm tired and I just want this storm inside of me to end.  No, I'm not talking about some Jungian "order vs. chaos" bullshit.  I've been in nature enough to see we are the chaos that has disrupted the order.  As I stated before, I simply wish to rest my head in the grass or on the bark of some old tree, let out my last breath, and let the earth devour me.  I do this at least once a month in meditation up in the mountains but I still keep breathing.  My nervous system craves that dissolution of consciousness more than sex, and lights up with ecstasy whenever I am lucid enough to think about it.  It entertains me with unparalleled dreams of beautiful places that do not exist in the off moments where I can actually fall asleep as if to tell me, "this is what you can escape to."  That's obviously bullshit.  The escape into disintegration and nothingness has its own enticements nonetheless, and apparently nothing makes that serotonin flow like suicidal euphoria.

What keeps me alive now is the hope for new experiences, my artistic endeavors, getting that fucking degree (finally), and my family--especially my family.  In seeing their struggles through one suicide already, it's infuriating to know what hell I would willingly be putting them through were I to decide to end my own.  They will have to be the last thing I give up before I throw myself into the abyss.  I'm scared and I want to believe that will keep me alive.