i've wanted to die for a very long time, and it hasn't gone away no matter whati don't know, i guess this is me just 'pouring my heart out' since i feel as if it's the last thing i can really do.

going back to the title of this, i really have wanted to die for a very long time. it's slipped out of my mind briefly, but no matter how good things may be going, it's always there. the solution to everything; ending my life.
i think, surely there have to be people out there who are the same way, but then another part of me thinks there's not. 
i also think that there's help, stupidly, knowing there's probably not. or maybe i'm just being stupid telling myself there's not!
i apologize for the scattered rambling, i have it all in my head then it's just gone. I can't think straight to save my fucking life. I can't care enough to think straight. 
i've wanted to die since, i really can't tell you when- i don't know. 
a long time. 
but why, though? life isn't that bad. life is good, i have plenty of people who love me. people who don't want me dead. but what the fuck do i care? it's not them. i make my own choices, right?
yeah, selfish. Right? you see, that's not how someone who wants to blow their brains out thinks. we don't give a shit that it's selfish. we just want whatever the fuck this is to stop, and the solution we jump to for everything is ending our lives. 
every little problem, "hey, i can just fucking end myself." 
and why? so selfish and... idk, petty. 
I want to know why I'm like this. I want to know why my boyfriend doesn't understand that I can't help it, and that I absolutely do not want to hurt him. i just want to be okay for him, for my dad, my best friends. they all keep me going. 
sometimes arguing with my boyfriend puts me on edge, but it's my fault. i'm the one with the suicidal tendencies, yeah?
it can't possibly be his fault for provoking me at times... crazy concept... i love and care for him more than i think i can process, but i really wish i knew how to get him to relax sometimes, it's not easy doing that 2,500 miles away though. it's a fucking struggle i'll tell you, and it definitely doesn't help being suicidal. moving on,
almost 2 years ago, i lost my closest friend to suicide and i watched it happen. plenty of people around me have told me it was an accident. he didn't mean it. there was a bullet in the chamber, he didn't know. 
all i could ever think is that he was a miserable boy. he was sad. he was struggling. every one of his friends said he was stuck in a horrible relationship. me and him started hanging out whenever he and his girlfriend were supposed to. his mom told me he always wanted to see me, and not his girlfriend. i told him he's got to get away from her. he told me he couldn't. they made a promise. she still flaunts that promise to this day. she still has him all over her profile, today. it makes me burn inside. it makes me want to beat her face in. not only because i partially think she killed him, but because she made his precious life on earth seemingly worse than it was. he was hurting, she made it worse. she trapped him. he genuinely believed he couldn't leave because of a fucking promise. he wanted to, but he couldn't. i honestly believe we were in love. it was such a sad, strange, confusing time, but i can still say the days i spent with him were the best i'll ever have. it's hard looking back now, and i haven't looked back in a long while. 
Every day, though, I think about what I saw. 
Imagine having to go through the rest of your life seeing your best friends life go out of their eyes, and the color leave their body. It's sick, and it will kill you inside over time. It will drain you of everything that's left. No fucking exaggeration here. 
I hurt every day because of it. 
I hurt every day because of everything that's ever happened to me. I'm an easy target, according to someone. 
I'm so fucking hurt all the time, I get hurt over everything. I can't keep focus on one thing at once, I lose focus with each distraction or coping method I try. I lose it, always. I find it hard to breathe a lot. I'm almost scared for myself. I don't know what I'm still doing here, I really don't. 
I don't even know why I'm writing this here.