Tried some MDMA with my best friend for the first time yesterday. Bad trip. Ended up telling him everything that made me unhappy in life. I feel like I now have the courage to commit suicide.It’s along story and it’s boring. It’s okay if you don’t read it. I don’t mind. 

-

He called them “happy pills.” He had 
only tried them once with his girlfriend and he said it was a nice experience. He asked me if I wanted to try with him because he knows how sad I am all the time. He convinced me easily. I was genuinely excited to feel happiness again and have a fun time with my best friend. He told me to start with one pill but, 45 minutes to an hour later, nothing was happening. So we both took another one. Then again later one more half. 30 minutes later I started panicking as if I was going to have a heart attack. It’s like I was feeling ten times worse than usual. I was going insane, lying on my bed on my left side, clenching all my muscles for what felt like an eternity. I couldn’t stop rubbing my right foot on my left one and I ended up tearing my skin. My friend was starting to comfort me, telling me how sorry he was, that he should’ve known better. He genuinely felt bad, I could tell. When I wasn’t clenching my teeth or telling him how terrified I was, I kept biting the inside of my cheek as hard as I could and it almost felt good. He noticed what I was doing when he saw my bloody teeth. He helped me drink some water, told me it was important. 

I was in this state for over two hours. I kept telling him how unhappy I was. How I wanted to be happier but couldn’t, that my disease ruined my life and that I wasn’t brave enough to get help. I went on and on, always repeating the same stuff. 

Until I got angry at myself. I told him how pathetic I was. He said I wasn’t. Then it just came out, just like that, something I never thought I’d tell anyone. 

“I hate myself so much that I get off on humiliation.” 

For well over a year now, I somehow turned my insecurities into sexual pleasure. Stuff that I have seen in porn that I took too seriously. I hate porn. I have always been attracted to women. I think they are awesome. And yet, I can’t think of being with a woman that wouldn’t love to potentially kill me. I can barely imagine myself in a loving relationship anymore. All I see is a cruel looking woman who will do anything to destroy my soul. And I like it. I hate that I like it. I would never imagine those things if it wasn’t for porn. I don’t think women are evil, I will never hate them, I’m not stupid. I hate myself and only myself. I’m just confused how I let this happen. Years ago, a woman’s skin against mine was the sexiest thing. Now I think of them beating me as if I was nothing. I hurts me so much. This is not who I am. I know it isn’t. I wasn’t like that before. 

I remember precisely the day when I lost my confidence. I was 12 years old. New year of school. I kept thinking “why is it so hard for me to talk to others, now?” I used to be the clown. Making people laugh made me so happy. I wanted them to like me so I did everything I could to make them laugh. I had a lot of friends. I wanted the attention because I was afraid to be alone. Most of my friends were kids who were alone. We always invited them to play with us. Last year of elementary school was where my life was going to get worse with every passing year. When I noticed how different I was I thought “Am I just more mature so that’s why I don’t act like a buffoon anymore? Maybe puberty?” That’s what I wanted to think. Looking back now, I was just dealing with mild depression. 

It stayed the same for a good six years until I turned 18. I was not happy to become an adult. I was fucking scared. I was already feeling like I wasted my teenage years. Never meeting new people, always the same old stuff. I could’ve had a couple girlfriends over these years, I knew some of them were interested in me, but it just felt so exhausting just thinking about the day we would break up and how it would hurt me. I can’t take rejection, it’s a big part of why I  convinced myself of how much I “love” solitude. 

At the end of high school, I was just more or less the same guy that I was all those years before that. “Hey man, wanna come to our party?” I didn’t go. Could’ve met new friends. “Wanna try improv with us?” Of course not, I’m too shy for that and I obviously wouldn’t be very good. 

I spent all my high school years with the same group of friends. We loved to go where it was restricted. Can’t go in the auditorium? You bet we’ll go, we’ll even eat there by ourselves everyday. Can’t go into the sewers to chill? Well, no matter how weird, we had to go (I even brought a girl once because I’m that good with girls. She didn’t seem to mind  and we talked for a pretty long time in there. I’m what you call a gentleman). 
Can’t go on the rooftop? We’ll find a way (we never did). Principal hated us but he always told me that I was a smart kid who’s better than this. I liked his comments more than I thought at the time. 

At least I had a bit of fun, even if I never really experimented with anything else than just being a dumbass. I liked to draw, I wanted to become a comic book writer and artist. I was pretty good but never motivated enough to become better. I never stopped writing though (in my first language French at least). I liked to play the guitar but I have always been mediocre. I could see myself performing a mean solo in front of an intoxicated and overly enthusiastic audience. Still, I couldn’t practice hard enough to get there. 
At that point, I simply thought I was incredibly lazy. I wish I was. 

The end of high school was the beginning of the end for me. No idea what I wanted to do. I love writing stories. They used to be about zombies and some outlandish stuff like assassins who can do anything. I got more into movies. Started watching hundreds of them and I thought, being a filmmaker must be great. It was my goal. To bring my imagination to life. 

Two years later, now. I’m 20. I want to make movies. I still write stories but I never finish them. They all have at least one character that is basically me. Recently I wrote about a man who fights in some underground fight club but he’s so good he always win even though he just wants to die. He’s waiting for someone to kill him, everyday, but it never happens. The day before he felt he really was going to die soon (his body took too much damage over the time) he met a woman who had just lost her dog, her only friend. She’s nice and spunky but deep down she feels lonely. The man likes her and he keeps winning his fights to always meet her in the same park every night, talking on a dimly lit bench. He still dies though, finally losing a fight when he finally had something good, because he’s fundamentally an idiot who can’t make the right choices in order to achieve happiness. As a result he hurts the woman who blames herself for not helping him, even if it’s not her fault. 
I want to develop this more and make it into a movie. I feel like I could do it. I just won’t. 

These last two years I went to cegep (some bullshit useless garbage school that is only meant to stress you the fuck out and damage you even more on an emotional level) 

Tons of work to do, so little people to meet. Only had one friend there. In the end I couldn’t even go to my classes. I didn’t even have the strength to climb up the stairs. I kept going to the library, watching whatever on Netflix. All I had was my job at McDonald’s. I loved the people I worked with at night. Hated the others during the day. I fucked it up eventually and was basically fired even though I technically quit. That still hurts to think about. I had a date during that time frame. It was horrible. Don’t know who was the most boring between me and her, probably me, but Thor Ragnarok really wasn’t enough to bring us together. 

All in all, that’s a lot of failures in a row. Got expelled from school for failing every single classes. Lost my job. Failed at romance. It hurts me so bad that I can’t even bring myself to try again. 


Back to the bad trip part, yesterday. I have been doing nothing for 4-5 months now. Anyway, during the event, I tell my friend all of this but he doesn’t judge me. He even held me in his arms and I cried. I was still panicking because of the severe depression/drugs mix. I don’t do well with drugs. I told him I was scared of dying. He told me I would be okay. I went into too much details about the humilation thing and I’ll just leave it at that, it pains me just to think about it. Just know, it’s awful, it’s gross. He could’ve left me right there, never talk to me again but he stayed, told me I was his best friend, that he cares for me. I fell asleep some times later after apologizing so many times. 

The next day, I am uncomfortable. Deeply embarrassed. He tells me I shouldn’t be. He’s proud that I talked about my feelings. He wants me to get professional help. He asked me if I wanted to go see a movie, to clear up my mind. I accepted. On the way there, everything looked weird. Almost unreal. I can’t describe it. I just felt like I was alone in the world with only him next to me. I got more relaxed during the movie, I even smiled a little. I don’t deserve my best friend. 

Then I got back home. I took a shower and I contemplated cutting my veins with a razor blade and die right there. You want to know why I didn’t do it? I didn’t want my mother to find me on the floor, naked in my own blood. This is ridiculous. I’ve been thinking of ways to die without upsetting anyone I love as much as I could. There just isn’t a way at all. I’d hurt them anyway, no matter how I die. 

That’s what I hate the most. I’m so tired. So fucking tired. I can’t do anything. I have zero energy. When I went to see that movie, it was the first time in two weeks that I went outside. I don’t consume nearly enough calories. I don’t exercise anymore. I can’t even finish TV shows I once loved. I’m convinced that I won’t even be there for the final season of Game of Thrones and I fucking love that show, man. So why am I not sticking around? I just don’t understand why I’m like that. I used to watch so many movies. Now my movie watchlist is packed, I own many of them and I don’t even care about watching them. I want to but I can’t even do that. 

If I don’t die soon, I’ll be a vegetable in a few months. 

It’s my time to go. I don’t belong here. I hate living. There’s nothing waiting for me. I live for other people and that’s it. I want to do something for myself, now. They will be sad but my pain is unbearable and I can’t keep going. 

I just want to read some of your comments if you made it all the way down here. I don’t do that everyday and I wanted my story to be written here so that someone understand why I did it. 

I can’t see myself being alive in the following weeks. I’ll just kill myself tomorrow, fully clothed in a warm bath so that I look decent when they find me. I don’t want to suffer so I’m cutting my veins quickly underwater. I will be listening to Heatmiser’s Christian Brothers as my last song. 

My name is Hugo. 


