She saved my life, and now she’s leaving it.I’ll keep this brief. I was extremely suicidal before I met her, with a date chosen to end my life, but shortly before that date passed I met a girl with whom I had an instant connection. We met because I overheard that she had recently gotten out of the hospital due to self-harm, and I texted her to check in on her. We grew closer and closer, and we started dating after she told me she had feelings for me. Our relationship has been wonderful, and I don’t think I’ve ever felt this close to someone before. We had a lot in common when we met, one thing being our mutual ex (we’re both bi), who I’m going to call L. We both have messed-up pasta with L—mine involves a constant on-off hell in which he cheated multiple times and would leave at random intervals, and her experience with L involved uncomfortable sexual encounters as well as a feeling of objectification when she was with him. 
She’s been talking to L more and more for the past couple of weeks, and hanging out with him. This was making me extremely uncomfortable, but a couple of days ago we made a group chat and she frequently asserted to me that he was just a friend, nothing was going on, and that she wasn’t going anywhere. 
Flash forward to yesterday. They were hanging out and at one point he said “if you don’t shut up, I’ll kiss you.” Not only did she tell me that she thinks she would have enjoyed it, but she also told me that he stated that he was attracted to her. (He has a girlfriend of his own.) After this, she was very confused for a couple of hours and that night (last night) told me that she had feelings for him following what had happened. She hasn’t broken up with me yet but she’s told me that she’s considering it, and just the thought of that ruins me. Our relationship was filled with so many beautiful words and metaphors and we taught each other how to do the things we love the most (I taught her how to paint, she taught me how to crochet). We shared so many wonderful moments and all of my favorite songs are now filled with reminders of her. We never had sex, but she was the person I’ve “gone farthest” with physically. There is nothing I can do that won’t remind me of her and send that pain through every part of me. If I lose her, I feel like I don’t have a reason to be alive. Everything has been so beautiful and colorful with her in my life and the thought of being without her is monochromatic and lifeless. I’m genuinely at risk of seriously hurting myself. I’ve been thinking about different methods as well as the consequences of doing so. I don’t feel like I can keep living without her. 