I am not a good person.I'm a (17M) and I know I'm young but I hate being alive. My distain for being alive started when I was a kid and it has only grown more intense over the years.

 I'll cut to the chase, I have been planning my suicide for years now. When I turn 18, on my birthday I will have a third-party drive me to another state. I will bring a gun and do the deed in a motel. It seems simple but that's just who I am.

 I have been surrounded by good people my whole life. I have a loving mother, a caring stepfather, two loud and lovable brothers and the family dog. My life is by no means perfect, but I'm with the people I love.

 When I was 8 my brothers and I, had to live with our deadbeat, drunkard, abusive, toxic, manipulative, drug addict, lazy, cruel and narcissistic biological father. I, as the oldest tried my hardest to protect my brothers from him. As such, I took the brunt of the abuse. After about a year living with my biological father I involuntarily steeled my emotions. I moved far away from him after 3 entire years of having to shield my brothers from him. It was around then when I felt different.

Due to me involuntarily becoming emotionally distant, I had nothing left that could bring me joy. I had lived through 4 straight years of abuse and my brothers were fine. He's no longer in our lives, I was happy. Things never got better though. I never had any friends growing up because of my cynical views on life. I'm almost an adult and I'm unemployed, unmotivated, suicidal (and I have no way to convey my emotions to others) I have a minor learning disability, an eating disorder and I'm riddled with intense anxiety.

I think I'm a broken human being. The death of the older sister and baby brother I never got the chance to know weigh heavily on my mind. I waste my time slowly becoming more like the father I hate so much. I don't want to end it because I love the people around me, but I can't live like this. No one should live like this, it's cruel. To suffer though 4 years of abuse, to then suddenly be surrounded by good people. To live as the only broken human in a house of smiling people.

 I can't even cry, do you know what it's like to have so many awful emotions and no way of releasing it? I love the people around me, but I hate my life. I'm not asking for help, I just want someone to hear me. I want to know that if no one around me understands me, at least I tried. And that's all I can hope for really.

I tried my best to type out how I feel, sorry if I didn't do a good job of it. That's all.

                                                    -Just Some Kid.