Told my mom I was feeling suicidal, she started yelling at me, now I feel even worseAll day it's been so bad. I've been fighting the urges. For her. And the rest of my family. I thought she'd be proud and supportive. She came home in a bad mood. I told her I wanted to die and she blew up on me sayin I should have called my doctor and rescheduled my appt to be sooner a long time ago (it's next Monday) - (I didn't because he told me we gave to give the meds time to work!). I told her maybe she could take my pills and hide them just in case and she flipped out even more and said she's gonna send me away to a psych ward. I'm fucking trying to keep myself safe and shes threatening to send me to a psych ward. I fight every god damn day against these urges and today everything just felt so much stronger and all I wanted was a fucking hug (I tell her this is all I need all the time) but I got yelled at instead. She started sobbing and yelling about how she "hates her life" like wtf how is that supposed to make your suicidal child feel?! I'm sorry I ruined your fucking life! I tell her this and she says "your father never helps out with the support!" Implying that I'm asking too much from her. I rarely tell her when I want to die. It happens multiple times a day and I tell her maybe once a week at most, usually because she finds me crying. Yet every damn day when she comes home from work I sit there and listen to whatever shit is going on with her and I hug her and support her and listen to her vent and push my emotions aside. But ste can't do that just once today when I REALLY need it. No, she has to make me feel like a terrible worthless child. She said she was sorry that she didn't react how i wanted her to react. Wow. What a nice apology /s. She actually thought it was though. I told her it's not even that anymore. It's the fact that I now feel like the worst child in the world and a gigantic burden and I'm mad at her for making me feel that way when I already feel like shit! She says "okay" and stomps away and gets in her car and leaves. I called her and she said she'll be back later tonight. 

So now I'm just cutting everywhere I can. I deserve it. I make my mother hate her life. I can't commit suicide because I can't stand to put her and everyone else in anymore pain. My poor dog is so upset right and that is making me feelSO terrible I can't even explain it. I still can't help but have intense urges to kill myself and I am honestly afraid that if I keep being subjected to things like my mother saying she hates her life, I'm gonna fuckin do it. I am part of her life and she hates her life. The pain inside of me is so intense right now that I can't even explain. It. I've been sobbing for almost 5 hours now and all I want is to be able to rewind and not have said anything to my mom. She said sometimes she "just doesn't have anything left to give" after a bad day. I wanted to be like "WHAT THE FUCK. YOUR DAUGHTER IS CONTEMPLATING SUICIDE AND YOU DONT GAVE AN "I love you?"

Edit; she just. Came home acted like I didn't exist, and went up to her room. So fuck it, I'm going to do it. 

If anybody reads this that I was talking to as friend or anything, thanks for being kind to me I really appreciate it. You got me through a lot of hard times. You know who you are. You didn't fail me, my depression did. I'm sorry and I hope I
Don't cause you pain. I'm sorry if I do. I can't take it any longer. 