Just turned 27, Graduated with honors last month, and I want to dieLike the title says, I want to die. I'm not however, suicidal. I have been before, that's why I know I'm not now.

I'm completely alone in the world and I don't know how to change it. I don't want to go outside because every interaction I have with people is negative. I very deliberately avoid any contact with humans by just sitting in my house all day.  
I just graduated from college with honors. I can't tell you how I managed to get through 2.5 years of college with the level of depression and anxiety I deal with. It was extremely difficult and I almost killed myself halfway through it. Literally.  
I just moved to a new city to start at the university here. The couple friends I have are gone. My dad smokes meth in a trailer somewhere, my mom is a psychopath, and my grandparents live in Missouri. They also don't like talking to me and I don't like talking to them.  
I literally mean I 100% have nobody in my life. Not a single person that I can talk to. I hate myself so I don't really blame anyone. I used to be semi-attractive. Now I'm gaining weight and rapidly losing my youth. I've lost my drive for the pursuit of female attention, and I don't believe anyone would respond anyway. I somehow avoided the addiction problems of my parents, but I have honestly been relying more on alcohol and marijuana to just feel ok in the evenings.  
I recently somehow managed to get a job at a big name guitar store as a salesman, but I don't know if I can do it. I haven't started the job yet, but I'm pretty confident I'm going to fail. When that happens I'll probably have to drop out of college and either kill myself or check myself into a facility. I think I'd rather die. I don't think anyone would know I was gone for a month or 2.  It would be totally normal for me to not answer the phone and nobody is going to check on me.  
This is what it really feels like to be alone in your adult years with literally no friends, family, or people who give a shit whether I live or die. I don't even know why I'm here writing this, but I hope none of you ever have this experience, and I hope you find a way to navigate this fucking cruel, lonely place.