Not Certain What to DoWell, I guess I'm going to try and get my thoughts into text now. 

I'm gay. I've known this since I was 12. I found out the way most people find out their sexuality, but did so indirectly. I was over at a friends house, spending the night with a group of guys. One of them found his dad's old PlayBoy-type magazine. All the other guys were gawking over its contents, but not me. I noticed almost immediately that I was not experiencing what they were. I mimicked a reaction I'd had seen on TV in order to 'fit in' with the rest of my friends. This would pretty much be my reaction through out my entire life.

Over next few months I noticed that I was attracted to men. This wouldn't really as big of a problem as it is if I wasn't in a very devout christian family. My grandfather on my mother's side was a Lutheran Pastor, while my entire father's side was stereotypical southern baptist. I acted straight my entire life, trying to not get caught. I faked reactions about girls with my friends AND with my family. I became a paranoid wreck, developed a Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and depression, but I also became a VERY good liar. 

I'm now attending a very liberal college that accepts me for who I am. I have a small group of people who I am 'out' to, including some close friends from high school. However, I am torn apart on a daily basis. I don't feel natural around my family, like I'm wearing someone else's skin that is covered with thorns on the inside. I put my disguise on every time I see them, and it pains them every time I talk to them. Every lie I tell them breaks me further.

The worst part is coming home and hearing, "So when are you gonna find a lucky girlfriend?"

I'm not certain I can take this anymore. I don't think I can tell them. My mother reacted VERY negatively when the recent SCOTUS ruling was announced. Both she and my father said it was a "sad day for America". 

I can't sleep for very long, and if I do its from sheer exhaustion brought on from anxiety. I've lost the small scholarships I had since I have zero drive. I hate myself. 