Just... Read the text.I'm female to male transgender, 15 years old, mid-transition. My gender dysphoria is horrible, my only coping method is ignoring it and forcing myself to believe I'm happy. I've been working for about a month (summer job at a camp) and I'm a little impressed that I've managed to miss only 4 days. (3 of which were taken off because I dislocated my finger, and 1 was "one of those days.") 

Lately I haven't thought about suicide, that meaning the past 3 months or so.

In 2017 I had a big falling out with two friends who were my only support system. I had ignored my other friends and prioritized those two friends, because I'm fucking stupid. They left after 8 months. 

Because of that I retreated back to someone I had (somewhat, not really?) ignored, they took me back with open arms, and I constantly feel guilty about that. 

Anyways, we (were?) best friends. We did pretty much everything together and were able to have serious conversations about our struggles. He had my back, unlike those before. During that time I was struggling with my identity and dysphoria. I was longing for my transition to start so I didn't have to wait to start living. 

On halloween he told me he was moving across the country in 50 days. I cried. A lot. I have never cried over another being in my life. During those last days our friendship was at its highest peak. I knew that I would be nothing without him, and I was dreading the end of 2017. I was dreading losing him. 

The day came along soon enough, we had our last 7th period together, and he handed off his notebook to me while getting shit out of his locker. We were joking around with other friends, saying goodbyes. I watched him drive out of the school parking lot, in the freezing cold, and I just felt like absolute shit. 

The next two months were horrible. I ate lunch alone, eventually settling with parking my ass in a random teachers room if they let me to eat. I barely talked, I stopped eating, I thought about how shitty my life was everyday until May 7th, when I had my first testosterone shot.

I guess I started seeing a future then. My hormones were balanced, and I was looking forward to the coming months. I made online friends to fill the gaps, and began communicating with old friends. I've built up a base to start on. It's pretty wobbly and could crumble any second, but for now it works.

Yet still there's this lingering fragment of my depression that's always hanging over my head. And I don't think I'll ever be able to get it away, because it's been with me since I was 12. It's still a part of me. It will always be. 

So, this is just a vent I guess. 

My question is: Does anybody else feel as if their past emotional trauma will forever be a part of them?

Thanks, 