Everything feels so hopeless. I don't even think this is the right place to be but I just don't know where else to goI'm not even actively wanting to die or thinking too hard on death. It just feels like I can't hold my life together, which makes it feel like I'm on a path towards not being able to continue. I was managing for a bit but it's starting to fall apart again. It always falls apart. Mostly I just have no faith things will get any better for me. Which maybe it's because I couldn't take my antidepressants last night because I ran out because I forgot to reorder them. Which is partially because to reorder them the pharmacy has to get approval from my doctor, and I was technically supposed to make a follow up appointment but never got it scheduled, and I felt weird asking for more pills while not doing the follow-up. The reason I didn't do it was that the initial appointment I said I was having problems with drowsiness, so we were going to do a blood test and then follow up on it. And I was really banking on the blood test turning up a problem so I would have SOME reason as to why I've been struggling. But it came back fine and I just kind of lost steam. Like, welp, now what do I do? So I didn't end up arranging the follow-up due to losing my train of thought when it came to that. And honestly the blood test coming back fine ends up making me feel it's hopeless to figure out why I'm always so drowsy, and that I'll just have to live with it forever.

However, as bad as being off my pills is, I also just kind of want to go off them entirely. It just feels like they fuck up my brain and I'm now losing my mind. And I had told doctors I was feeling better, because I thought I was, so now they think it's helping me. But really what it is is that my mood is up so I feel fine, until I realize that I'm actually just apathetic about the things that would normally rightfully bother me, and in the end things get worse because I just don't care enough about when things are falling apart. And I also feel like I'm too happy at times. Like I want to call it feeling manic but I don't know if that's the right term. And I don't think I actually have depression, or at least that there's more than just depression, but the current help I have going on only does depression, and I don't know how to bring up that I feel like that's not it. And that also brings me around to one of my other failures, in that I have the resources in front of me, but I can't get myself to use them. How many weeks have I spent telling myself that I was going to go to drop in counseling, or to read the paperwork I've been sent on how to access mental health assistance under my health insurance, but have made no progress towards any of those? Which makes things feel hopeless because even if I did get the faith that people would even be able to help me, I don't trust myself to do what I need to do to be helped

And just lately I haven't had the mental energy to do much of anything. I know I need to do job applications and probably other things I can't remember, but I just don't have the mental energy to do it. And I've stopped making my to do lists and schedules of tasks because I don't have the mental energy for that either. And I throw what little energy I have into fandom stuff because it gives me at least some sense of happiness 

And I've lost my train of thought. If you made it through this, thank you for taking the time to read it. I've just been having a really rough day and it's particularly bad right now and it's kind of helpful to just be able to get it off my chest. I just really need some sleep