It hurtsIt hurts that I don't feel love. It hurts that when I'm outside in the real world, I want to be home. It hurts that when I'm home, I still don't feel "Home". It hurts that people reject me for my past. It hurts that I've changed so much for those people. It hurts how much I've changed to please them. It hurts how they dont even look. It hurts to know the opposite gender will never take a second look at me. It hurts that I can't look in the mirror without disgust. It hurts that when I'm hurting I eat, and the eating only progresses my hurt. It hurts how much my family loves me, but will never know what this feels like. It hurts that I can't tell them without their religion coming to play. It hurts to know how unintelligent I am. It hurts how obvious it is. It hurts to know everyone has talents and skills, while I dont. It hurts that my only passion and reason for getting up, is something I will soon no longer be able to do. It hurts that my one passion is something Im not even good at. It hurts that my passion makes me angry enough to want to quit, but I can't. It hurts that I'm up this late looking for some place to express myself, because I can't anywhere else without judgement. It hurts knowing this is my life. It hurts to get up. It hurts to look for motivation to get up in the morning. It hurts to know, that people dont want to give me a second chance. It hurts that people only focus on my flaws. It hurts to know that Im weak. It hurts to know I'm the person who doesn't get invited places. It hurts to know I can't get help. It hurts that I've been raised to shun the way I feel, and now its come to haunt me. It hurts everywhere. It hurts all over. It hurts to know I can't stop it. It hurts to know that for years I've gone through this over and over but I still only find one solution. It hurts because this is the only solution I see. It hurts to write this, to express myself, the real me. It hurts to take off the happy, weird, quirky mask. It hurts knowing its just a rouse. It hurts knowing its not real. It hurts. and I only know one way to stop it.