Just stuckSo I am in a situation that I don't know what to do.  I have some serious issues of my own and all, but this is making things that much worse. May be a long read.  Read it, don't, not really caring at this point. 

&amp;#x200B;

So I have kids, some from a previous marriage.  They are my twins.  I am the father and have full custody of all of my kids.  Coming from the state I did, that's a miracle.  Through my job we had to move some, which took us away from the twins birth mom, who at the time had a pretty bad drug problem.  I have stories for days about what this chick would do.  Needless to say, when the split happened, she told the twins that they would end up living with her, and then basically abandoned them, while blaming me for her doing so.    


All this time I have had to be the one that pays all the bills.  The wife has had a job or two here or there, but it never lasts for long and there is always some reason why.  I don't mind too much cause she is there to watch the kids.  Well during one of the periods she was working, we found out that our twins were doing some raw shit.  Smoking weed, and drinking among other things.  Shit blew up, the cops got involved, CPS was involved, everyone was involved.  None of the kids were taken because  it wasn't an abuse case or anything.  They offered us services, which the kids refused to be a part of, and it was difficult for me to be a part of (because of my having to work so much).    


Twins go on their trip to see their birth mom for a few weeks for the summer, during which one of my twins writes this letter that she hates me, and hates living with me and would rather be with her mom.  That she has a plan to make it so that I ship her back to her mom, so that she can then get a job, and pay her mom back for all the trouble she has caused her.  I can't even make this shit up.  I don't know how her sister feels, but I am deeply hurt.  On top of that, we have reason to believe that she is the one that has recently called CPS on us, claiming that we are junkies (needle junkies at that) that are beating and starving our kids.  Wife is absolutely convinced of this and has demanded that they don't come back to our house.    


So here I am stuck in the middle, once again, between a wife that is telling me that I have to get rid of my kids, and my kids basically acting, and stating, that they hate me.  I have done a lot for all of them, and now I have basically throw it all away.  I feel so terrible right now that I would rather die than deal with this.   


On top of everything else, this does not help my PTSD/Depression/Anxiety whatsoever. I can't eat. Have been up all night crying and it's randomly happening as well. I am so angry and hurt that it's hard to even do my job (Customer Service). I feel sick and I don't want to even bother going home.  Why can't a fucking meteor or something just crash through and kill me? Why can't I catch one of these fucking stray gang bullets or something?  I fucking hate my life. It's been nothing but a struggle and a terrible shit show for as long as I can fucking remember.  It hurts, and I am too tired to fight it any more. I really wish I just had the strength to end it all..............