Questions to ask yourself So I was born one time then I am here. Most likely I will be dead soon.

Questions:

 \- How did I get here?

 \- How did everything around me get here?

 \- Why am I here?

I feel various urges that make me do things, such as hungry or being cold.

Questions:

 \- Where do these things come from and why do they make me do stuff?

There are other creatures around me, supposedly they experience like me.

Question:

 \- How come they are content with being born, do stuff, then die? Why don't they ask the obvious question: How the hell did I get here and everything around me?

I continue to do my day to day life and live like a normal person. Even though I clearly see how absurd and nonsensical my existence is, I still continue it for some mysterious reason

Question:

 \- Why am I doing the things I am doing?

Some other fun questions:

 \- Why was a born a human, not a bacteria?

 \- Why was a born now, instead of 100,000 years ago?

 \- Why am I the person I am, instead of being someone else, like that guy over there?

 \- How come things exist, including me?

Now that we see that my existence, including everyone's existence has no point, do we actually need a point? What the hell is everybody doing?

I want to ask You. You literally appeared out of nowhere into the world. You're also going to disappear. You are here now and you're doing things. May I ask you, do you not find this whole situation strange in the tiniest bit? Because it looks like this is the most normal thing for everyone. Like, how can you just appear, it's like a video game, but it's actually you!

To me, this is crazy. Like \*puff\* I'm here now, and I do things in this magical world called Earth and Universe, then bye bye, I'm not here. It's just so weird.

Am I supposed to believe that my great-great-great-....great grandfather was a single cell organism? Or that the whole universe, including everything, started from a dot. That children, family, achievement are the things important in life? I'm literally feeling like Neo from Matrix. This is obviously all bullcrap. Everything is nonsense! But then there is nothing outside of it. There is no real world as in the movie! We are the characters, but the storybook is the universe itself. And then there's billions of galaxies out there in a vast space, and there's one rock where all life just appears including me out of literally nothing. LOL, does nobody find this whole situation ridiculous? God should have really come up with a better storyline. Religious books have some funny stories, but reality takes the cake.

These people around you are just atoms. They are protons and electrons. Who are you talking to? Are you talking to a proton? Because that what people are! Protons. For real.

Like there are all these facts that are true, but nobody seems to be bothered by them! Yep, my fellow proton, let's go do some work together. Let me call my great-grandfather, the amoeba. And by the way, my time is up now, so I'm disappearing and becoming dirt, bye. Ok, now I'm here. Actually, I want to ask myself. What the fuck am I anyway and how come I'm here? How did I get experience and subjectivity? Is that a thing floating around in the air, like other people's subjectivity? Are they looking through a hole into the world? 

More questions: How come I'm seeing things from my perspective and why is there a perspective at all in the first place? If I'm not the person I am, could I still see things through this perspective? Is perspective always tied to a person, or can things have perspectives? Can perspective just be in  the air, i.e. Spectator view? Like my perspective exists now, but it didn't 100 years ago. Where was it then and how did it come about? What if I was never born, but the person I am still exists, he just doesn't have my perspective.  He's like any other normal person out there living his life, just not me. Would that work?

I mean it's okay to continue doing things, and sure, having sex, eating nice food feels good. But why do things feel good and why that's good? What if in fact the good is the bad and bad is the good, and I'm supposed to do the bad, not the good. Is good some universal force, like gravity, that makes people do stuff? Like everyone wants to feel good, not bad.

Could we just get everyone to stop for a second and think about this? It's okay to do your robotic tasks, but really think about your existence. Ok, now continue being a robot and forget everything. Wow, I'm a magician, and I guess when I wake up tomorrow, I'll also forget, because well I'm hungry so I have to eat, no time to think!

I feel like I've been dropped into Wonderland as Alice, but it's the most natural thing and nobody is questioning it! What are people, just energy waves wiggling about? Hello, knock knock, shouldn't we figure this one out first? What is everyone doing? People are determined to get children and make money, so they can pass their genes. Then they can happily die. I want to have chat with God that created all this, Like after you're dead, how do you know if there's still a world out there?

Think about it, everything only makes sense once you exist, because then you're there to experience it. If you don't exist, how do you know your children or human race still does. What if this thing is just big illusion. You're trying to make sense of the nonsense, rationality doesn't apply here.

That's enough for now.