Suicidal 13 year oldI don’t want to talk about what’s going on because every-time I do on here people always say the same thing to me,

“You’re too young to have depression”
“You’re too young to kill your self”
“You haven’t even experienced life yet”
“Why would you cut yourself it solves nothing”

And then the odd one out
“Cut deeper next time”

So as you can see this already gives you some details about me. I’m 13, I’m a female, I self harm and I started a couple weeks ago. That’s something EVERYONE pays attention too. So I’ll make it clear

I SELF HARM
I CUT MY ARMS (Not my wrists)
IM AWARE IT “DOESNT HELP”

I am aware that these thoughts seem silly or stupid to people because of my age but truthful I’m someone who tends to act more mature then the people around me. For gods sake I’m mistaken as someone in college. I am fully aware about my depression and disorders even if not properly diagnosed. I’m aware that I probably should get help but it really isn’t easy when you have been referring to suicide since the last time you can even (actually) remember. I also know that my body could be scarred because of what I’m doing. One thing I’ll note on my self harm is I use scissors, it’s not easy for me to get a razor blade and with scissors it’s all instant. I press down with the edge of the scissors on my arm and I drag them quickly across my arm while my arm goes the opposite direction. I wanted to say that because people seem to think I’m using razors and that that’s an option for me to kill myself (it’s a lot harder to do that with scissors you stole from school) 

I also believe that I’ve been getting social anxiety and I tend to be really quiet in groups then I was before everything happened, but because of this I’m craving attention because I’m not getting any for days on end sometimes. I even lost the people closest to me because of my lack of sympathy and emotion towards others(its been happening after I went through something really emotion that destroyed me so I started to act distant and even stopped showing emotions for a good while). I also sometimes tend to lash out because I keep every emotion inside of me and I can feel it in my chest and I can feel myself holding in tears, I even almost cried while getting a ride home from someone.

Mentally I’m not ok, at all and i know I’m just quickly posting this so no one will care, that’s obvious but I might as well try.

One thing about my family I would like to note is that my actual dad was abusive, I was really young when he left (4-6) and so I never really experienced it BUT I have a step dad who acts like a child, and if I’m having an absolutely horrible day he will pester me and if I say anything back to me he gets his “big boy pants on” and borderline threatens me with my games (which is all I play because I genuinely don’t have a life) he will sit here and annoy me but if I just want to talk for a few seconds he shoo’s me off and gets mad at me. IM NOT EVEN ALOUD TO EXPRESS EMOTIONS IM LITERALLY STUCK ALL DAY LONG NEVER BEING ABLE TO CRY AND THEY GET MAD AT ME BECAUSE IM BREAKING AND CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE.

Even writing this right now is hard not to cry and I’m aware that I’m probably going to get in trouble some how before I finish getting all my thoughts out there. 

I’m going to wrap this up quickly with what’s probably going to happen tomorrow.

Tomorrow at 2 pm (EDT) I plan to come home from school put my things down and walk to the beach which is only a few minutes away. I’ll say my goodbyes to the people who were close to me and apologize for them not liking me anymore. After that I’ll go into the ocean just to drown myself because if I can’t swim I can’t chicken out. I’ll be stuck suffering and dying slowly

Because I feel at this point I find pleasure in my own misery.

Because I laugh at myself when I cut and when I’m crying sometimes.

Drowning myself is going to be interesting and well I hope it’s at least an interesting experience if I don’t chicken out.