So much loneliness...sick and tired of being sick and tired.I am trying like crazy to relocate to a better region of the country (US). I am focused on getting into a good IT/SysAdmin job, but there are none to be had in the area where I now live.

I am trying to get down to where my best friend lives. We moved there together the 1st time in the 90s. I was young and irresponsible. Got homesick after 18 months, and came back.

The second time I was there, it was after a major natural disaster which completely wiped me out. I had nothing to pack, he encouraged me to come down so it was no problem to load up my car and go. My car engine blew up halfway into an 11 hour trip there. I struggled for a few months, but ended up coming back here again filled with a sense of defeat.

A few months after being back here with no job, my mother moved in for the ultimate kill. She took me to family court and I lost custody of my son when he was 9. 

I have seen him less than half-a-dozen times in the last 3 yrs. He lives just across town. If I call or show up to see him, my mother or my sister calls the police by default. I don't have a restraining order or anything like that against me, they just do it because it's a game they play to keep me away from my son. The police know it's a game they play, but have to respond because that is what they do. I had sole custody since his mom walked out on us a week before Christmas when he was 2.

Do you know how much it hurts to have your boy taken from you after being with him day and night for almost 10 years? 

My best friend is very successful in business, has model good looks, has a gorgeous fiance, believes in me, and wants to see me succeed. He is getting married at the Four Seasons in Miami next year, and wants to fly me down there to be in the wedding. He is encouraging, but offers mostly just empty platitudes. He doesn't understand my depression. He doesn't understand my abject poverty. 

He has a terrible habit of making promises, then backing out. 

At a particularly low point around Christmastime 2013, he offered to fly me down to stay with him for a little while. When I tried to get the details, excuses happened and that offer just fizzled up.

For example: Today, I had a phone interview in his area. It's not the best job, but it gets me back to the region to look for better opportunities. He encouraged me to push for an in-person interview and "we'll figure out the rest. Just get the in-person interview." So I did. They want to meet with me next week.

I tell him this, and all of a sudden he's unable to help. He became very hostile when I asked him why did he make the offer, only to pull it?

He was the last person who truly understands me, and has stood by my side and backed me up when everyone around me and in my family thinks I am a crackpot. 

I can't take the empty promises anymore. The hollow encouragement rips me apart.

So, I just Facebook blocked my best friend of 20+ years. I blocked his number from my phone.

I was fired from my job 3 months ago. I have been living in a YMCA for the past two weeks. No car since I lost the one a few years ago, and no money to buy a new one. No girlfriend because I am smart enough to realize that that would be a disaster. My family hates me. All of them. 

I have had thoughts of suicide going on now for about 3 years since the day I lost custody of my son. Nothing really excites me. I am forlorn. 

I have an even better job interview scheduled for tomorrow via Skype, but I am considering not bothering because I can't move if they make an offer. How sad is it to be too poor to accept a great paying job, in a kick ass part of the country?

What's the point in going on?



