I'm not actually going to do it but being on a trip by myself definitely brings out thoughts of suicideI think the rationale is if I do it now, it wouldn't be as horrible as if I did it back home where my husband would have to discover me. Or at work where I think about jumping because then my coworkers would have to discover me. Here I assume the random cops in a city would discover me and it's a big city, so probably not the first suicide they've seen.  

I'm visiting my dying grandpa. And it's as far from any movie type ending where we all hug and reach some kind of epiphany about his life as possible. I'm still pissed my dad isn't here with me to visit his dad, on what probably are his last days. My step grandma who had been taking care of my grandpa for years basically just unloaded on me how hard it is for her. it's reasonable , and she recognizes that it's mostly emotional burden because we've hired a helper to help care for grandpa, so her role is managerial , which I guess can still be really tiring. Point being, I think in some ways she'll be relieved when it's over.   

I'm pissed because my dad won't talk about it, and no one else seems to get how horrible this situation is. Like here is a man who took care of me for years and was my best friend when I was young and he's dying, and a) I can't do anything and b) according to my grandma he's upset my dad and I have not been in the country he is in for the last 20 years, and there really is nothing I can do for that. It makes all of life seem so pointless , like I do love and miss him so much, but life seems to just work out in such a way that I'm not really by his side when he really wanted me and my dad by his side. And it's doubly horrible because in some ways I'll be relieved when he dies, because it's hard for me to visit and know what to do or say each time. 

When I visited today my grandma just kept saying how horrible my grandpa feels physically: bedsores, incontinence, being made fun of for not having grand kids or kids visit. He also seems to be reliving some nightmares from the cultural revolution.   

I guess, another way to look at it is that he's as comfortable as we can make him.  But it's sad when that is probably still a lot of discomfort . He wanted to die when he first got the stroke that hospitalized him and at that time I thought he should be given that option, but I'm like way down on the list of ppl who gets to make medical decisions for him.  

Sorry I'm rambling. I have trouble remembering the point of being alive on the best of days and being alone, while visiting my grandpa on his deathbed, is definitely not helping me remember the point of living. I do love the feel of this city I'm in though, and I kind of just want to enjoy being in this city for now if nothing else.  Not sure how I'll feel once I get on the bus to the airport (the airport is in another city). There's definitely some thoughts about jumping off a building there, but I've had thoughts about jumping off buildings for years so it's probably just a thought . 