Reason to continue?I'm 17, I've had *thoughts*, since grade 5, it grew me in the last few years,

I fantasize my suicide alot, what holds me back is people I know and that's about it.

Because the way I see it, there is nothing to nothing.

I believe in a deterministic future, because I don't believe free will exists, even if I can control my life, my outcome is the same as it would be as it can be, all I am doing is being conscious of my will, but my actions throughout life will be the same probably,

I feel as if that is a loop I can't break free, even if I do have a choices,   my mind is a slave to myself so, my choices are already determined,

and if I try to trick myself, all I am doing then, is doing random things, therefore I have no choice if I am using randomness to try and solve my issues.

I am a slave to myself, the world, and everything.

I have nothing to lose, once I get out, and everyone forgets me for a few years, I might be dead by then.

Now, I have read stories, about suicidal people here on reddit, a few.

Saying how after a failed attempt they saw life differently and enjoyed   it after.

But I do not understand, I don't understand, even if I give my life meaning, it means nothing to the future generations, I am dirt on earth, a spec in space, irrelevant to everything else.

My life is no value after death so everything I did is pointless.

So why should I prolong hardships, be a slave to the human race, work for 40 years, 50 years, etc, have some kids and then die.

I'm still a virgin but I must say, masturbating is even boring, I depressed myself even more, after I read about some other people at yahoo answers etc, about how great it is, I never had happen

I'm not getting the magic of sexuality, I can't say I am really motivated to pursue sex at all.

I'm tall, good looking, socially acceptable, decent hack family, compared to the rest of the world, and other families, I am living the high life, 

even if I live in an apartment, I feel like a king, I am confident, I feel happy bout myself, not materialistic either.

But I just don't see the point in continuing, all I am doing for myself is prolonging my pleasures, and suffering

I don't want therapist as advice, I am a defect if that's the case

I don't want drugs as advice, I am a defect if that's the case, I don't want shit influence prescriptions changing me,

I heard that some take you art abilities away, which I am mostly,

I saw people on ritalin, zombies is all I see, no life. 



**tldr: 17 nihilism, deterministic future(even if I am aware of my will I can still do things but it doesn't matter since my choices are what I would do anyways) I see no sense in life, even if it's pretty great so far
Only concern is, I am directionless of my career, and that's it.**
People I know is the only thing holding me back as of now

**I feel I already lived most of my greatest moments already, everything from here on, is going to be great downfall, with more negatives then positives**

I would like you, tell me, ask me, I will clarify, and justify my cases

Edit: Will comeback to reply around 12 hours from now(lack of privacy) ~Aug14 1:50pm Eastern time


Edit2 Will come back to reply around 22 hours)  ~Aug 15 6:10am

**Edit3 Will come back again, this time, I am bullet-tin my main points, will be 21 hours approx) ~Aug16 5:10am Eastern time**

I am sorry for all the improper grammar, spelling mistakes, etc, it's always late when I am writing this, I am not the best of writers either, I do not proof read my responses.

**Edit4 Not replying today, abit delayed on timing out the night, will be back tomorrow then,** ~ Aug17 6:13am