GreedAfter several attempts and failures at life in school and work due to my illness (bipolar 1, depression, anxiety) I said screw it, I'm not a failure, and went and worked in oilfield drilling for about three years, losing a job once in the middle after my symptoms flared up from overworking myself.  Then I was laid-off when oil prices dropped in 2015.  I was still sick, and out of work, but I tried to look at what I had done as an accomplishment and as motivation to use the layoff as an opportunity to move forward into something good.  But, I had a big head from making big oilfield money. 

I had liked working on the rigs and with all the big equipment.  Pumps, valves, pipes, motors, engines, etc.  So, I thought, maybe work in a refinery or some type of plant would be what I should shoot for.  It pays good right?  I figured I would have to go to school and get an AAS in process technology to get the job but after so many attempts and failures at school I was loathe to go back.  I knew I had to act soon, I didn't want to be inactive.  But, I was still sick, alone and scared and I couldn't bring myself to go to make the jump to go to school again.  After my unemployment ran out I applied for and got a job at the water/sewer department, but, after being isolated in my apartment for several months, I couldn't deal with the sudden exposure to new people and a new job.  I tried to hang in there, I was a big oilfield man after all, but the anxiety, insomnia and ensuing psychosis built and built, and after a month I had to quit.  

I ended up on medicaid and was able to see a psychiatrist who understood my illness and symptoms and prescribed the right medications.  I was ready to accept that I wasn't going to get better on my own, and I began faithfully taking my meds.  And they have helped.  But, I still had to figure out employment, and still had the idea that I wanted to work in a plant and make good money.  I had found an online program for plant work, and I started it up.  Because I was on medicaid, the job service helped with my tuition.  I started it, telling myself the money I would make would make it worth it, but now I realize I messed up.  

What I liked about the oilfield isn't to be found in plant work as an operator.  I liked hands on, turning wrenches, heavy lifting, cranes, hoists, exercise, installing, repairing, maintaining the equipment.  Operating is screens, buttons, charts, boredom, and moments of panic.  I found out later that the school I went to has an on-campus mechanical maintenance program where you learn to work on the equipment in the plants, which is what would enjoy.  But that's not what I've done.  I would rather have taken out loans to learn something that would give me hands-on satisfaction in my work and doesn't give me major anxiety.  But, I've used up my window for retraining, if I even had any in the first place, I'm 33, greed, ego, and insecurity got me here, and it's disgusting.  Can't seem to make good decisions for myself and I want out. 