I don't feel strong enoughAfter years of medication and trying to focus on making myself a better person I thought I was finally over it. Of course I had bad days where my depression would slip through and make me want to do horrible things, but I finally thought I had control over it... until today...

My friends and I all attempted to get into the graphic design field at my university and today was the day that we found out our results. I have been doing graphic design for years. My father is a designer and runs his own department and I've learned everything from him. I've been drawing my whole life and it's my passion. My father has been my best friend and best critic (and usually the harshest critic) for years. Sometimes I feel like he is the only one who is truly honest with me. If something doesn't look right he is not afraid to tell me. Friends looking at your stuff is great don't get me wrong, but they sometimes feel to bad to say anything negative about your pieces. And teacher, they did a great job reviewing too, but most of them seemed to afraid of hurting your feelings. So I took my portfolio to my father.

After spending weeks compiling all my works and organizing them in a way that I thought was perfect, my dad went through and found many mistakes, so my entire spring break was spent fixing them. He believed in me and was so proud of all the hard work I did for this. He loved the drawings in their and the graphic works put into it and even paid to have it printed for me which was completely unexpected. But today I went with my friends to go and pick up our portfolios.

It had been a week since we turned them and I've felt extremely sick all week because of how nervous I was. It's a very competitive program and one that takes lots of work to stay in. My friend and I gather outside the teachers office, me behind everyone else because I don't want to be rude. I watch her facial expression as she hands each student their portfolio and she has a grin on her face and states their name. Usually this is something I wouldn't notice, but her expression changed when she got to me... she didn't even say my name. Just handed me the goddamn folder.

I think I knew then but I was too afraid to look because all my friends were pulling out their 'congratulation' letters. But then there was mine... my horrible 'thank you for applying but...' letter...

Work does not meet our professional standards

Portfolio does not show attention to detail

I hate myself for those words... I was actually proud of something that I had done for once... something that I thought was the best work I had ever produced... and yet it wasn't good enough. My friends wanted to look through my portfolio, and of course I wanted to look through there's,  but I couldn't keep the tears back forever so I told them I had to go.

I'm ashamed to say it but I let my emotions get the better of me and I threw away my portfolio on the way out the door. I got back to my apartment and locked myself in my office. Life has been still since. I can't control anything anymore.

Life seems to be pulsating. I keep going from anger to happiness to sadness to nothing. Sometimes all of them in a single minute. I couldn't even tell my father over the phone. I had to text him and he of course called me right away. He tried to make me feel better, but I could hear the disappointment in his voice. I failed him. I failed everyone. My boss recently gave me a logo he wanted me to design and now... now I'm not even the right person to do it... I feel like I lost someone close to me... My partners face has been filled with tears since we got the news and I don't know what to do... I'm just everyone's disappointment.

It's 4 in the morning and I can't sleep... I feel sick... My life has been put to a halt. Graphic design was my life, and just like that it was taken away from me. I have no purpose now and no idea where to go. I'll have to change my major now or drop out of college and I don't know what to do.

It's taking everything in my power to not slit my wrists or burn myself. Because I remember how physical pain distracts me from this horrible mental abuse... I want it all to be gone... I hate it and myself....sleep will bring nightmares and life will bring dissapointments... but what will death bring... could it bring happiness? .. true happiness? Not this bullshit happy pill happiness, but the kind of joy that you read about... I don't know...

Sorry friends for this post, but I don't know what else to do right now... this situation has proven difficult for me to bare... I'm sorry...

And if I'm not here when the sunrises... well thank you all for the love... goodbye