44 years old and I can't handle agingSo I'm vain. I used to be very pretty and now I see my body changing and it depresses me so much. I don't have a job so it's not like I can make money to change my body back to its former glory. I could try exercising and dieting but again you need money to eat right. I do walk 8000 to 10000 steps a day but it hasn't done anything for my body. 

I've had a good life though. I opened a successful boutique which then went under due to long term street construction. I did well as a model and even as a vet assistant. I play violin and draw better than average but not so well that I can make a career out of my talents--believe me, I've tried. I can't hold down a vanilla job and have been fired so many times due to my lack of people skills. I really have a hard time with authority figures and corporate politics. I just can't play the game to get ahead. I've had so many traumatic jobs where my boss would either verbally or sexually harass me, or sabotage and steal my work. 

I'm just tired and I feel guilty for living and making my husband support me. I never chose to be born and I have no idea why I was even brought into this world. I've always felt bewildered by human beings and life in general. I just want to leave my aging physical body and not have to worry about superficial material things anymore. I can't stand the fact that I have to tolerate a job to make money to live out my days aging. 

I've tried so many diets and body hacks to change my body. Nothing works. In fact, any real hardcore exercise makes me gain weight because my adrenals are so worn out. I went temporarily blind on a raw vegan diet. I don't know how some women can stay so beautiful and young looking. Their techniques just don't work on me. 

Part of me wants to fight this voice that lulls me into committing suicide. Part of me says there are ways to change my body and that God wouldn't give me this body to hate it. There is a way for me to make some kind of supportive income so I don't have to rely on my husband. Hope is so seductive. Maybe I can find a way to fix this life and somehow enjoy it again. Wouldn't that be nice? 

Thanks for reading this. I appreciate your time. I hope you're not considering ending your physical existence. There must be a reason we are encouraged to live our lives out as fully as we can, there must be a reason why suffering happens. The tiredness has to stop because I choose to make it go away. Life really is dictated by our thoughts. So the more I wallow in this misery the more I create it. That's how it works and it sucks because it's really easy for me to just surrender to the misery and live in the pit. It feels so familiar to be miserable because I could blame my father for beating me as a kid. I could give into the misery of surviving several sexual assaults when I was a little girl. No one would question why I decided to end my life. I won't kill myself today because I decided to hang on to the hope that I can change my body for the better and find a way to make a decent income. It's out of curiosity to see how my life will turn out. I can always kill myself if it gets really bad. I always have that choice.