I'm going to kill myself. Not depressed.Hi, I've had depression on and off for all my life. Had a suicide attempt at 13 over a silly argument regarding a computer game; saved seconds before certain death. Recently, my list of fetishes and sexual interests has reached a level where I am at the peak of depravity. Probably less than 0.0001% of men out there have worser interests. So, I see myself as a virus to the earth, a mistake, shouldn't be alive. Also, I can't marry or keep a woman. I can attract them with my looks, but my personality turns them off and I end up getting dumped. But that doesn't matter because I shouldn't be with women anyway. Because I'm not attracted to missionary vaginal intercourse. I'm attracted to painful and brutal things. So I can't ever get married. I can't have kids either because I have attractions to them aswell. I don't have anywhere I want to go on the earth or anyone I want to talk to. I don't enjoy conversing with anyone and am not excited to get good grades and get a good career. The future holds absolutely nothing good for me. The only thing it holds is harm to others. Harm to society as a whole. I'm not depressed or sad about all this anymore, I'm content with the logic. And have decided to end my life before I reach the age of 22. I won't do it in a painful or public way, I'm not a fucking idiot to jump off a bridge or hop in front of a train or shoot myself. I would just take a breath of helium and peacfully fade away into nothingness. Therell be an apology note beside my body and I'd be all dressed up nicely so that when they find me they aren't that dramatized, I'd just look like I'm sleeping...with a bag over my head. Or a gas mask, if I can find one. I discussed this with family. They tried convincing me not to do it but didnt tell me good reasons why I shouldnt. They mentioned marriage and having grandchildren I replied that that isnever going to happen (they know my problem with kids and women), they had no other things to use to stop me. I'm not depressed, nor sad. I'm clear minded and happy with the decision. Living my life would be a waste of time and would be harmful to other humans. 

I just have to stop being lazy and get that helium tank and all the other stuff ready.

What do you guys think? I have no diagnosed mental or physical disorders. I'm a healthy bodybuilder.