Rock bottom.. time to get back up?This is it, I officially felt the worst about life today than I’ve ever felt. I’ve been suicidal for the better part of a year, depressed and extremely anxious for the better part of a decade. 

A little background info, I’m male and 22 years old.

About a year ago, I had to move back in with my mother as I was looking for another place to live with my old roommates. Those plans fell through and I’m still here. I have hit a new level of depression since, and usually hermit away in my room and play video games. My mother knew I felt a little bad sometimes, but didn’t know today the extent of my depression.

My car broke down on the way home from work about a month ago, and instead of getting it towed and fixing it, I just left it there. I wanted to fix it, but I kept telling myself I was going to commit suicide and end it before I would have to deal with it. I loved to tell myself “THIS is a sign, you wanted to kill yourself? Here’s your ticket to wither away and die” 

It all sounds strange... I know. I have trouble explaining it to myself, even more trouble explaining it to my mother. I finally broke down to her today; she basically interrogated me on why I lock myself away and why I haven’t been proactively looking for somewhere else to live. I confessed that I’ve been extremely miserable. I told her about the nights I spend fantasizing ways to kill myself so no one would be too devastated. I told her I lied to her about where my car was( told her I got it towed to a shop), and that it was most likely impounded (it is). 

I was forgiven for lying, and I really shouldn’t have been. She is my mom though and thankfully she is giving me another chance. I know what I was doing was selfish and unexplainable. I promise I have a good heart.

Tomorrow, I’m going to get my car back. And tomorrow, I’m going to schedule an appt with my old therapist. Today was the most I’ve ever wanted to die, and I’m tired of feeling like that, and I want to give life all I’ve got. 