Feeling pretty bad today. I recently started a journal because I have no one to talk to. Here's that journal.I'm in a really bad place right now. I have been depressed for a long time but it has been a lot worst lately. I even started a journal which I have never done before in my life. I shared the first days entry on /r/depression but I didn't really mention it was from my journal [here's my post](https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/5a11tp/just_need_to_say_these_things_to_someone/). Now I'm sharing again here because I'm feeling even worst today and I'm headed down a bad road. I'm not exactly sure why I'm posting this. Not really sure how any of this could help me. Maybe I just want to see a perspective other than my own. I don't really have anyone to talk to and I'm just dragging my GF down with me when I talk to her about any of this.

I edited out my girlfriends name with GF and her friends names to friend of GF. 

10-28-2016


I have got to the point where I no longer know what it feels like to not feel worthless. Everyday I wake up wishing I had real purpose but feeling to worthless to even know where to start to get it. I feel as if I have no true friends in my life anymore. The closest friend I have is my girlfriend and it has been getting increasingly hard to talk to her. I am starting to feel like she is understanding how truly worthless I am and hating me in the same way I hate myself.


I have been catching myself in this loop where I am endlessly saying “I hate myself” in my inner voice, this has been happening for a few months now and it’s getting harder to stop. I have been working on things around the house to try to feel useful but it doesn’t seem to be helping. 


Lately I have been waiting for the day my girlfriend will leave me. I have been feeling a real disconnect from her for the last couple months. There is a resentfulness toward me that I am having trouble understanding. She has built herself up in a way I could only dream of, she has a great job, a degree, a great gpa, and she is making good, real friends. She worked hard for everything she has yet she looks at me with envy because I “get” to stay home all day. My room feels like a prison and my mind is my cell and I can’t escape. 


I have no real release anymore, weed makes this depression feel like a broken dam were the emotion and worthless feelings pour out for anyone near me to hear and can’t be stopped. Gaming doesn’t help like it once did, I have no interest in programming anymore, and I have no one to talk to about any of this. Drinking might kill me because of this stupid random allergy I developed. Some days I really feel like the quote “drink your problems away” would apply very well for me.




10-29-2016


GF has said she feels like she spends all her free time with me in the past but in reality most that time is spent sleeping or unwinding from her work or school which I completely understand and agree that she needs that time but I just wish she would want to involve me in things other than going to the market or mall. 


I miss the days GF and I did things together and where I would actually feel like she wanted me there. I almost have to beg her to let me be apart of her life now. It gives me this almost crippling feeling of sadness that she doesn’t even think to involve me now. The way it used to be is if there was an event going on and her friends asked if she wanted to go, she wouldn’t even hesitate to ask if I could go along. Even when she does allow me to go with her now, after being asked,  it just doesn’t feel the same. I want to know what it feels like to be wanted again, right now I feel like I’m just being tolerated. I don’t feel like she really wants me there. At the same time I can’t blame her. I’m pathetic. I’m just going to have to get used to not really having the same place in her life like I used too.


I can rarely find things to do on the computer that interest me anymore. Maybe all I deserve is this room, forever doing laundry, making the bed, giving the pets food and water and nothing else. 
This depression is pulling me apart. I just don’t know what to do anymore. I want to see a psychiatrist but I need help but I don’t want to inconvenience anyone. That’s a good word for how I feel overall lately. An inconvenience. I want to like life again. I want to have a job. I want GF to respect me. I want to be respectable. I want to not hate myself. I want to feel wanted.


When it comes to GF’s work I just don’t understand why she won’t take time off. Not just for me but for herself. She feels this never ending duty to her job but never feels like her job owes her anything back, like a little leeway when it comes to time off, which they would happily give her if she asked. I know she works for the both of us but it would be nice if she felt the same duty to herself or to me that she feels for her work. Just weeks ago she wanted to quit and even then she was so against asking for a few less hours here and there. It has pretty much became a sin for me to even make the suggestion at times. She won’t even put a little thought behind it. She either completely disregards that she needs the time off or just gets angry at me for asking.




10-30-2016


I’m having a better day today. Last night I got to talk to GF about how I’ve been feeling and she took it pretty well. It felt really nice being able to open up to her and she heard me out, which hasn’t happened in a while. I have to remember that GF has her own everyday battles. She isn’t trying to shut me out, she’s just exhausted and it is hard to hear about another person's issues when you have a week as full as hers. I just let my own insecurities bring me down. I just hope she continues to let me be open with her without it dragging her down into her own depression.




10-31-2016


Today’s another bad day for me. I can’t stop feeling shitty about myself. I layed in bed for the first few hours of the day but I’m trying to keep myself busy and not allow myself to lay back down. I know if I do I will just start feeling even worse than I already do. I usually start feeling better when GF comes home, hopefully today will be the same.


I’m looking forward to going out tonight but at the same time I’m letting my own self esteem and insecurities make me doubt myself. Her friends approval of me means a great deal to me because these are the people she wants to spend her time with and I’m hoping they will want me to come along.
My insecurities are also making me afraid of what GF may have told her friends about me. I still feel like she has been unhappy overall and I still can’t help but feel like I’m part of the reason for that, if that is true then she would probably want an outlet and she also got drunk the other night while out with them so she possibly let things slip. She deserves someone to talk to about me but I just hope it would only be friend of GF and I would hope friend of GF wouldn’t judge me to harshly or share what she says with other people. 


I ended up going and laying back in bed. I was trying not to but I couldn’t help it. I was feeling too shitty and couldn’t find anything I would rather do. Luckily GF texted me a half an hour later which initially cheered me up. Her boss told her to show me a halloween costume of a bloody pad and told me that was going to be my costume and paranoia kicked in and made me wonder if it was intended to be a somewhat hidden jab because of all the texting I was doing the other night. He also told her to tell me I have to choose between that costume or a few beers which again made me think it was a jab at me, it could have been him just messing around but I still think more was said the other night than she doesn’t remember or is choosing not tell me. She forgot that he had asked her to come in early on sunday which makes me think that there is a chance she could have said something about me and forgotten. I know it is probably just my paranoia but I can’t help it, my mind just keeps thinking these things and it affects me.


I just can’t stand feeling this crushing awful feeling that just won’t go away. GF is having a hard time right now and is planning on quitting her class and I feel like I still can’t be here for her in the way I would like to be. I’m not sure if what I’m saying is even helping or not or if I’m saying the right things to her because at the same time I’m just feeling awful. I just hope that I’m not the reason that she is feeling the way she felt today.




11-1-2016


8:40 pm


GF decided to quit her class. I’m not sure if she would have came to this decision if I never told her I was this depressed. I was worried that once I told her that I am feeling depressed the same thing that happen in the past would happen again. After telling her last time she also became depressed. We didn’t end up going out with her friends last night because she said she wasn’t feeling up to it so that could be a sign of depression.


I woke up feeling pretty down but pretty much as soon as me and GF left the house I was feeling better. Just getting out of the house for a few minutes and getting to talk and have fun even though all we were doing is going to the market and getting food real fast was exactly what I needed. If only going for walks to get out of the house helped like this than I would be able to help myself feel better but the last time I tried that it didn’t seem to do anything for me. Maybe I’ll try again soon. Anyways back on to point. After GF left for work I was still feeling ok for a while but now I just feel tired and cranky even though I got 7 hours of sleep last night. If it’s not one thing it’s another. 


The only up side to the depression getting worst is that I don’t have much of an appetite and I have been losing weight. When I checked yesterday it looks like I lost at least 5 pounds in the last week. The downside to that is I need to work harder to make sure GF is eating and getting the calories she needs, because I will be thinking about food less.


10:50 pm


I’m feeling a little bit better again atm, not sure why. It’s like a rollercoaster, I guess I probably should start writing the times on these paragraphs I write throughout the day. I’m going to go through the change log and do that for today after I’m finished. 


I really want to transfer these VHS tapes for my mom but I feel like everything is working against me. The wire we spent $80 on is still only showing black and white. I need to try it on my computer but that means I’m going to have to  bring the whole VHS player in my room and find space for it, fun! If that doesn’t work my dad wants to try a cheap wire from best buy which could work but I wish he would just buy it before I return this wire so I know how good it is and know if I should even keep trying on the $80 wire. If all else fails I am just going to have to transfer them all to dvds then rip them onto my computer then finally I will be able to cut unwanted pieces out, doing it this way will add a few long and time consuming steps. After I’m finished I can finally figure out how I want to make them available to family members if the clips involve them in any way. 




11-2-2016


5:40 am


Last night GF told me I have been holding her back from hanging out with her friends as long as she can remember. I’m making it hard for her to have a relationship with her coworkers because I would like to be included when they go out. I’m making her look like a clingy girlfriend to her friends and that they haven’t included her in things because they knew I would want to be apart of it. I see even more how much of a truly awful person I am. I never thought it was wrong to want to be invited when she goes out. I’m not really sure where I’m suppose to draw the line on things either. When she starts going out more am I supposed to be ok with never being invited to things, because I know that's what will end up happening. I’ve had to ask if I can go to every single thing they have done so far. It’s not like these are only work meetings either. If they are mostly just fun outings why would it be a problem for someone to bring their SO with? She said it even put her in a awkward spot by wanting to go to Knotts scary farm which should be the least awkward thing for her to get me an invite to. Am I supposed to be ok if she makes what happen the other night a regular thing where she drinks too much and needs to stay with a friend? I don’t know if I can ever be ok with that and I don’t know if that is normal or if I’m just a shitty person.
The only examples of good relationships I have are my parents and my parents friends relationships with their SO’s. Every one of those relationships they do everything together and it isn’t a issue and no one is thinking any less of them for it. I just don’t even know what to think anymore. Maybe I’m not deserving of having a relationship at all. 


I have been thinking GF could probably have a much better life without me in it. Maybe it is best if I just start pushing her away. I have been feeling so stuck anyways. What will I do with my life. I’m such a piece of shit. I have no education, no work drive (not sure if that is because of my depression or not), I’m almost 30 and I already have bad teeth that requires more work. I’m just going to be a be a drain on GF’s whole life and I hate myself for that.
If I was to start pushing her away and eventually get to a point where I’m a distant memory to her then maybe I can find a nice way to leave this world without bringing to much pain to her. My biggest fear of killing myself is what it would do to my family, especially GF. She currently blames herself for things where she has no fault at all and I wouldn’t want her to feel responsible for me not wanting to be in this world anymore. 
It is my own fault for being such a big fuck up. I am the one dragging her life down. I am the one who will continue to drag her life down if I stay with her. I just really hate myself for what I have been doing to her.


I’m not sure how long it would take to push her away to a point where she won’t blame herself. One thing that I need to do is move over the VHS tapes to a digital format for my mom so she has something to look back on and see me. I haven’t talked about that being the main reason for wanting to transfer those over because I didn’t want GF to see that suicide has been in my thoughts as much as it has been but I stopped sharing this journal with her account. I just need to be able to write freely in here. 


I used to look forward to things but I feel I no longer have anything to look forward to. TV shows have been my crutch for far too long and they are finally not doing it for me anymore. I used to look forward to the next episode of something (even shitty shows like Arrow) and I was looking forward to the new Star Trek that will be coming out soon but I no longer care if I’m here to see them. I use to look at which of my shows were on what days and watch that as soon as they came on but nothing does it for me anymore. I’m not even able to pay attention to a show the whole time it is on anymore because I just keep hating myself instead.  


I’m not really sure what the best way to go will be. I don’t want there to be a body for my parents to find and I don’t want to ruin any of their property so that takes a lot of options out. I don’t want to use a train because there is too much risk of it leaving me around in even worse shape like it did to aunt’s friend. Maybe if I can find something that would be fast acting that I could take while on a walk or something.
I thought about talking to a psychiatrist but I’m not sure what that can even do for me anymore. Will that bring in a paycheck? Will that help me really get where I need to be in life to be able to provide for GF and myself? What do I even have to offer, I don’t even have a GED? 


It is going to be hard to push GF away. I love her so much and It will hurt every step of the way. Just writing that made me cry for quite a while. This will be difficult but I need to think of how I can do it. 

