I'm seriously considering killing myself. Today I irreversibly fucked up my life for me and possibly my whole family. I'm 17 years old and don't know how to get out of the mess I've created.You can see the post I created on r/advice for the whole story, but basically I'm being investigated for credit card theft and I'll probably be going to jail for a very long time. I'm scared my parents may also be held liable for some of the things I did even though they had nothing to do with it. PLEASE DO NOT JUDGE ME WITHOUT READING THE WHOLE STORY.

I'm in way too deep and literally do not see a reason to live if I'm just going to spend the majority of my life in jail and when I get out have a miserable life with a criminal records and no work history with the exception of this job I'll probably loose. 

Here's my situation (From the post on r/advice ):

 

Using a throw away account to avoid being found out. I also can't get into specifics but I'll try to give as much information as I can.

I'm 17 years old and I was really big into credit card theft. Today I was picking up information from a skimmer I installed at a gas station and when I opened the pump I found a camera in it. I panicked and immediately left.

I knew that I shouldn't have ever gotten into this, but now for a story for those who care that explains why I got into this and why I made some of the decisions I did:

On my 16th birthday I was given an old family vehicle with over 250,000 miles on it as my first car on the day I got my license. I've never been so excited and obviously I fell in love with it as it was my first car. I knew I'd need to put gas in it and I wanted a job anyway to become more independent so the next day the first thing I did was go out looking for a part time job that I could do while in high school. It took me about a month but I ended up getting hired at a local business 2 towns away from me. (For context I live in a town with less than 200 people and I'm in a very rural area) Obviously I wasn't able to do this before even though in my state I can work with a workers permit as they're no businesses in my town, and the only non residential building is the high school. I loved my new job, and because of the nature of a lot of the work I was doing, and how it falls in line with some of my passions, it didn't even feel like work! I saw it as the opportunity of a lifetime and couldn't see myself doing anything else until I graduated. I was only making minimum wage but I still loved the paycheck!

Well fast forward a few months and my vehicle started having mechanical issues. I needed $700 dollars to get my truck fixed and I didn't have the money to get it fixed. I felt trapped. I didn't know what to do. I knew my parents wouldn't give me the money and they had to use their vehicles to get to work so I couldn't borrow them until I got the money. I felt like I might loose this once in a lifetime opportunity with no clear way to get out of it. As I said before I live in a rural area and would need a vehicle to get to college, work, etc. A vehicle is basically a necessity. I needed money and I needed it fast. I've always been very security conscious and tech savvy and as such I knew a thing or two about credit card theft, but to protect myself, I never imagined I'd be the scumbag actually doing it, but I got desperate. I felt like if I lost this job, other employers may be a lot more hesitant to hire me, and if I didn't have an income, how would I EVER fix my vehicle and get another job, or go to college? I felt like my future depended on getting this vehicle fixed.

I started researching credit card theft. It seemed like it was my only escape. I felt slightly morally justified because I thought I was more stealing from big credit card companies that would reimburse victims and less stealing from victims themselves. After a while I felt like I was confident enough to make my first hit, and I did.

I was able to borrow my siblings vehicle to go to work the next day and I did. I worked and after we closed I went up to the reception desk, opened the cash drawer and found a post it note with credit card information from one of our clients. (It wasn't suspicious for me to be there after closing as it's my job to clean up after closing, and for those wondering, we do not have security cameras.) I knew I could only do one or they would see a correlation between all the stolen cards from our business. I was also careful to pick a client that had been here more than a week ago. On my way home I stopped by a rural farm house, picked a car with the same class of plates as my siblings car, stole the plates off of it, and then put them on my siblings car. I went to a gas station with free wifi wearing concealing clothing and I got out my laptop and started all the programs I downloaded to keep my identity concealed. I'm not going to get into the technical methods of how I do this in order to not help anyone considering doing this, but I knew authorities wouldn't be able to find me. But then I did it, and I got $500 dollars that day. I then drove off, and switched back the plates, and ditched the stolen ones on the way home. I made it home and felt so scared about just having done that yet so confident that I wouldn't get caught. Anyway that day I also bought some skimming equipment on the deep web and had them shipped to an abandoned house. About a week later I was able to pick up my order and I was ready to start skimming cards.

At this point I had made a deal with my mechanic that I could pay him $500 and then $200 within the next week to finish the job so I finally got my vehicle back but I still needed the money to pay him. I still felt trapped and thought that because I already did it once that I may as well do it again. I went to a different gas station and installed my skimmer in one of the pumps.

For those who don't know, almost all gas pumps have a universal key so the employees can open them to put paper in to print recipts and whatnot. Skimmers can also be concealed behind the card reader and they connect to your laptop via bluetooth to give you the stolen card info, so all you need is to open the pumps once for a short period of time to install the skimmer. This is why stolen plates and concealing clothing are important. If you are seen opening the pumps on cameras, they will know who their guy is.

Anyway I did this and I found out just how fucking profitable skimming is. I felt like I had infinite money, and I continued doing this for over a year! It's almost an addiction.

I'm 17 years old in present time, and think I might have gotten found out today. As I went to one of my skimmers I had installed in a pump to get the card info, It wouldn't connect to my laptops bluetooth. I figured the batteries were dead so I went to the pump and opened it to find my skimmer gone and a camera looking me in the face. I nope'd the fuck out of that gas station and now I know I'm being investigated. If they can find my face and match it to my name, I'm fucked and may be going to jail for a long time. In total I've probably stolen over $950,000 in just over a year. and I feel like I just fucked up my life. What should I do? I'm sorry both for doing it and for getting caught. I knew that it was wrong, and I honestly feel like I was addicted to it. I didn't know how to stop. I think I may have been in love less with the stealing the cards and getting a bunch of money and free shit but more the thrill of stealing license plates and speeding away from gas stations. I feel like I've gone done the wrong path and I've gone too far but I want out and don't know how to get out now. Have I gone too deep? Am I just fucked now?

I know I'm a scumbag, but I want to change and don't know where to start.

TL;DR: I'm a credit card thief that started out of desperation for money and got big into it. I'm not going to get too into what I did but today when I went to one of my skimmers I found a camera installed and my skimmer gone. I'm being investigated for credit card theft at 17 years old. I've stolen over $950,000 in just over a year and I feel like I just fucked up my life. What should I do?