Friends want to end it. Want to help them. Throwaway here. 

So I have two friends who want to commit suicide. We’ll call them Anna and Robert, because I don’t think they’d take too kindly to their names being mentioned (or me even posting this.)

We are in middle school,  Anna in the sixth and Robert in the seventh. I see Anna during our homeroom and lunch period, and Robert in the lunch period as well. We all keep contact through social network PM’s, though the two don’t know each other.

Okay, so Anna has had problems for the past year or so with her family and general depression. Her aunt was her role model, though when she was six her aunt told her (quote,) "You know what [Anna]? Everyone hates you. You are ugly, worthless, a perfect image of your mother.” Now that she is older, she understands what her aunt’s words really meant.  At the time, she told her mother and her mother didn’t allow her aunt to see her, and she still hasn’t spoke a word to her in around five or six years. 
It’s not just her family though, it’s people at our school. There’s this girl who keeps bothering her, telling her the same things and turning the basic group of friends she had against her. She’s now hanging with my nerd group of friends, though I can tell she doesn’t feel as if she fits. 
Recently on one of the journal sites she keeps, she said she did cut. The morning after, I towed her to the bathroom and was somewhat grateful that nothing was too deep, that it seemed experimental. I showed her  my lacerations and told her to get the hell off of it, because it was hard to get off of. I don’t think she listened. Now tonight, she’s gone posted “Do you think it’s less painful to hang yourself, or stab yourself?” Before that, there were hints at suicide too. She doesn’t think she’s pretty, even though that’s hardly what I’d call her from a girl perspective, more like beautiful. She’s got a future ahead of her, but everything sucks right now. 
I’m really afraid for her because our required schooling is her living hell now. She won’t go to our counselor because she’s aware of the consequences to that (parents told, more family problems.) 

Robert is a different story. He too had a role model, but she died last year (and was quite a wonderful old woman). His grandma was the only person who he told his bullying troubles to (of which he refuses to tell me) and everything else. When she died, he sort of went into a panic  and tried the pills, though he failed and his parents simply thought he’d been up all night on the internet. Now he is dealing with the growing-up teenage guy things, like fapping and women and such. Only, he’s a strict catholic and is too embarrassed to go to confession. He told me the other night that he wanted to, but to leave him alone because “it’s my own problem, I’ve got to fix it.” Despite this, he’s the guy who I’m stopping cutting for (and, because he told the counselor , which no one has ever done) and he’s just a really great guy, polite and I can tell he’ll fill out to be attractive. 

So, any ideas how I can help these two people? They’re both tremendously stubborn, and I can’t stand to watch them feel like this. 

