Sending hope and compassion to anyone struggling with COVID-19 isolationI wanted to share my experience in case it helps anyone struggling with suicidal feelings related to COVID-19 right now. While all our circumstances and experiences are different, I hope this will help at least one person have the hope to get through another day, hour, or ten minutes.

Several weeks ago, when distancing/quarantine was starting for me, I went into a pretty bad place mentally. The combination of the personal isolation and the enormity of the crisis felt overwhelmingly painful. I spent a lot of time crying, and when I wasn’t crying, I often felt a physical pain radiating out from my chest, like the pain of grief or heartbreak. This feeling of despair and helplessness often felt total and all-consuming. It felt impossible to imagine that this feeling could ever end; the things people suggested to mitigate it—videochat, spending time with a pet, volunteering, etc—all felt hollow and inadequate. 

At the same time, I was aware of the public health reasons behind these measures. And when I looked at social media, I mostly saw people who seemed to be in control of their quarantine experience. I felt like the pain I was feeling meant I was weak and selfish. I felt a profound sense of guilt for wanting to do things that I knew went against public health guidelines. I couldn’t imagine continuing to deal with these feelings, but I also couldn’t see a way out.

At its worst, this was the closest I have ever felt to seriously considering attempting suicide. I remember feeling very glad that I didn’t have any easy and effective means available, because I felt scared that if I had, I would use it. This felt terrifying because it didn’t feel desperate, but rather rational and matter-of-fact. I was so convinced that my feelings meant I was a liability to society that it was difficult for me to see any other possibility. 

I feel very fortunate to have a strong support system that I feel able to turn to. When things got to this point, I started turning to trained/professional resources, including my school’s mental health services and the [Crisis Text Line](https://www.crisistextline.org/). I posted on various anonymous social media, including here. I also spent a lot of time chatting with friends, not always telling them everything that was going on, but whatever I felt comfortable with. 

At first, it felt like these things were just enough to get me through the worst hours of the day. Eventually, and somewhat without me realizing it, it became more. And while  there have certainly been difficult moments since then, the deep and total sense of despair and less-than-worthlessness is gone. Sometimes, there have been real moments of contentment and even joy.

I’m sharing this because I think a big part of what contributed to my sense of despair was the feeling of being totally alone in what I was feeling, and of being truly unable to see any possible livable future. If I could go back to my past self and tell her all this, I think she’d still have trouble believing that this situation could become bearable. But I hope it would at least give her a little bit of faith to keep trying if she needed that.

Sending compassion and hope to anyone who needs it. You are worth it, even if it doesn't feel that way right now.