Dealing with a crushing lack of ambitionOkay reddit. Long time user here under a fake because too many people know my real name here. Have any of you had to deal with a total lack of caring about anything? This is going to be long and I am going to ramble a lot but that is just how it is.

Ever since I can really remember I just don’t care about anything. As long as I can coast through some status quo I have no want to move forward in anything that I do. I coasted through HS and college without doing anything other than watch movies and play games. But I can’t even find relief in most games now, they are too difficult for me to care when I play them. I either play on easy or cheat, I just can’t be bothered. I lucked out and got a job through one of my few friends doing IT work. It is a great job to learn all about the industry and get great experience. But I just don’t give a fuck. I know enough to do my daily job and I coast. I could be learning all the stuff that makes for a great SA and move on to a much better job, but I just don’t care. I will sit down with a manual or a book or look at a cursor and go yep, I could learn about that right now but I don’t. It isn’t because I am lazy per say. I show up to work on early and leave on time and do my job. But I just can’t bring myself to do anything that equates to a challenge. 

I was on the train this morning and found myself looking at an average looking girl. And was hit with a crushing wave of self-hatred over the fact that I am 23 and have never been ion a date. Not because I set my standards too high, or that I am too terribly bad with people – I am not. Or even that I am not great looking – I am not (I’d give myself a 3/10). It is just I can’t be bothered to deal with it. I want to, but I can’t drum up the will to do it. 

I used to be able to put up with this. But I drink a lot now on the weekends to make me care about this less and I am starting to serious question the worth of living. I guess one of the plus sides of this is that while I have thought about offing myself I just can’t be bothered to do that either. 

Has anyone had to deal with something like this? Is there any way out of the spiral? I should seek professional help but I really can’t afford that and I live with my parents and I don’t need to hear about it all day long.
