Feel trapped in reality, trapped in words, and powerless. What are feelings.Over the last year I've been increasingly thinking about suicide because I feel that everything has lost value. Life is hard. I graduated HS 2016 and it's gotten even harder and the worst is yet to come. I'm scared, I'm so scared I would lose my mind just to avoid the fear. I'm scared to get up because I don't want to have any part of social reality anymore. You can see the fear on my face and my body as well as in my behavior. I know it's hard and I know that's just the way it is. That means IM the problem. I have serious development that needs to happen before I regain a baseline sense of normalcy. The thing is I've been forced upon a recognition which is that I will have to suffer if I don't want to cause others pain. But the truth is I'm just a quitter and I recognize that I'm a quitter but upon realizing that, I just feel like DEFINITELY quitting. There's no way I want to deal with any pain especially if it means I have to make myself suffer and exert will power. For instance working out or trying to be more sociable and friendly. I dread the fight. My only choice in living seems to be what type and intensity of pain/suffering I'll endure. That realization was supposed to be the call to action that every hero acknowledges before the journey. After all if the only choice is what type of suffering then surely the most logical decision for a person is to choice the less painful most fulfilling route. But I don't feel that way, and it gives me an unholy sense of doom. It means I am ungrateful for reality and it means nothing less than that I'm exactly the type of person that I despise. Mentally weak. 

What is the point of my life? What describes the boundaries that separate my mind from reality. In light of my sentiments I think it's mostly fear and ego. I feel out of line with the nature of our world. Power determines life and the weak suffer. I have begun to personalize the concept of power. Now it's a figure lurking behind every action, extorting and rampaging in all directions. Maybe that's just my way of saying I hate consequences. Childish. 

The reason that life seems to assail me must be because situations in life force me to make decisions that affect my perception of myself. Even if I'm not sure what to do I have to make a decision and In that process my true character is defined without my consent. 

I feel like there are too many cooks in my head all trying to make one batch of soup and the result is nothing like what any of them intended. 

I tell myself (and I believe) that my negative feelings are llusuons and temporary but in that case my life feels meaningless in general as even my happiness becomes nothing more than an illusion and a record on repeat. I feel like that's all I am. 

My only choice seems to be to give 100% of my possible effort to being perfect. I refuse because I'm a something (selfish/ weak/ bad person). But if I'm not perfect at heart and do not live life as though pain doesn't hurt me then I will be a broken person on the inside and live a life marked by real and accumulated pain. What if I would rather not? What if I said fuck the whole messed up system, why play a futile game? What if thats truly the kind of person I've become? That desire is probably just ingratitude for the abundance of good that surrounds me. I again wonder why this truth doesn't spur me to conquer my emotions and instill me with confidence and direction like for most people ... 

my thoughts spin for hours while a deeper feeling of anxiety or dread courses through me. And I feel tired and I'm awake yet I still feel like not changing. I feel like laughing and crying at once because there is no right answer. I am stuck in a mental paradox.