What the hell do I do?Hello.

This has taken me time. I gather that this is not a very well read subreddit, but I don't where else to post.

I am on the brink. I do not want to be here any more, however I do not deserve to be depressed. I should be happy with my life, but I want to die. This makes me feel worse.

Here comes by story:
All my life I have been one of those mildly popular guys. Never have I belonged to the elite of those popular, but neither have I ever had to feel a lack of friends and neither have I have had to search for friend. In short, having friends have always been a given for me, and I have even had friends who expressed jealousy because I had it all. I had smarts, I always had top grades in school, yet I had friends among the cool kids and I always had girls.

However, about half a year ago I started feel like shit. I went on a trip with my then girlfriend. We went to Cuba for vacation, which we could afford because she worked in the travel industry and we could get very cheep tickets.
On the way there, on then very flight, I started to feel extremely nauseous, bordering on unbearable nausea, but we were only some 30 minutes from landing so I pulled through. When we arrived, I didn't feel better and my nausea kept on albeit at a diminishing rate. After a few days I felt fine.

Back home, (Sweden), I felt almost fine, but I would start having these bouts of nausea while at work. These would sometimes result in me having to go home from work. After a while with this, I saw no other option than to go to a doctor. This doctor told me that what I expressed seemed like nothing but stress. I accepted this diagnosis as I at the time was very stressed out, as I had my master's thesis and my work at the same time, so I decided to wait things out.

Eventually, my master thesis was finished, and I passed, and I had only my work to deal with. But my nausea never ended. At one time, me and my then girlfriend went to the south of Sweden to go to a party. This would normally entail two hours of train, but because of whatever fuckup the train was cancelled and we had to go by bus. I took extremely ill during the busride. At the time I thought it was common motion sickness but I have never in my life previously been motion sick, and I grew up on boats and on cars. I shouldn't suffer from motion sickness. Nevertheless, I ascribed my sickness to motion sickness but I fell ill for more than two weeks. Luckily we caught a ride with a car back to our home town, which was horrible but better than a bus ride, but back home I didn't get better so I finally started to think my ailment was psychosomatic. After this I would frequently have bouts of what I can only describe as anxiety. My doctor prescribed hydroxine to me, which helped momentarily, and I am on it now as I write, and I feel fine.

My relationship with my girlfriend finally ended as she went on a semester abroad. I felt nothing but relief as I could finally focus on my self. I no longer had her to think of. I contend that the failure of our relationship was due to my constant depression, and not to her leaving. I was supposed to go with her but just couldn't.

Here's the bad part:
As single, I've been extremely successful. I've constantly have had girls, I've slept around, and I have even had offers for long term relationships. Yet I have never been happy.

I have been extremely unhappy. I am extremely unhappy. I write this from a throwaway, but any one of my friends who happen upon this post can easily identify from my circumstances.

My point is, I am extremely unhappy. I return home from having been offered to sleep with a girl, yet still I did not want to. i seriously do not believe it to be related to my former relationship.

I simply do not want to live any more. I am severely depressed, I suffer from random bouts of nausea and anxiety which I personally subscribe wholly to something psychosomatic.  Still I am very much aware of the fact that I do not deserve to be unhappy. I have everything going for me. I have a great education, and girls throw themselves at my feet, yet whatever happens I want to die.

I return tonight from a night on the town that resulted in at least two offers of coitus, but I want to die.

I always want to die. I usually am not suicidal, I have no wish to end my own life, I just wish to die. But tonight something was different. I think it was because I met an old crush of mine and my failure to ever get with her got to me, but never the less, tonight was the first time I ever wanted to end my life.

I am fully aware that the above text does nothing but convince people that I should not even be depressed. But that is my problem. I am so fucking depressed and, the fact that I know I shouldn't be just makes things worse. I hate myself for being depressed, and I think I should just man up, and so thinks everyone I've told about my troubles. But it doesn't work. I am so fucking depressed and for the first time ever I want to end it all. I just cried, and I don't know why. I want to die. I just want to die so badly, but I don't how to do it painlessly. 

TL;DR: I have no reason to want so, but I hate myself and I want to die.

Please r/SuicideWatch. Why do I feel like I do? Why do cry at the thought of stepping onto a plane, why do I want to end it all?
Why do I want to kill my self just now, and how can I end it all? I just want to feel better. I speak to you rather than just going to a bridge because I realise I do not deserve to be unhappy, but I am. Please help me.