HopelessI fucking hate everything. I hate living and everyday I wish it was my last day on earth. I hate myself. I hate myself and everything about me. I'm ugly, lazy and unintelligent. I want to die, I really do, however I'm too much of a pussy to do it. I don't know what happened, I was a normal girl with big dreams and big ambitions like everyone else, but I find myself suffocating in a pool of self-pity. I'm constantly tired and I can't find the energy nor motivation to study.

I'm planning to kill myself before I do my exams in May, but I don't know how. In all honesty there's a part of me that wants to live. I want to run away to a secluded cottage and avoid worries and responsibilities, however that is just an unattainable fantasy and the only way, the only answer to my endless melancholy is to end it all.

I made the mistake of talking about my feelings to my teachers and now my school wants me to refer me to a mental health unit. My father is a traditional Nigerian man who believes depression and mental health issues is bullshit, after he heard about my issues he wasn't angry, he just mocked me. If I killed myself now he would most likely see it as a shame upon the family. My mother has heart issues and high blood pressure, she's told me that I'm the cause of her health issues because she worries about my mental health. Because of this I try to stay away from her so I don't accidentally kill her, but she now complains about how distant and argumentative we are. I hate them both.

I don't have anywhere to go. I have nowhere I feel happy. I stare at a rectangle made from metal and glass to numb the endless pain and starve myself as punishment for living. I've lost interest in my former hobbies and interests. Nothing makes me happy anymore and I'm exhausted from pretending everything is fine and absolutely fucking dandy.

I just wished I was never born. 

In conclusion, it's hopeless. Nothing can convince me to continue living in this cursed existence. My death won't change anything and the world moves on. I just wanted to be like other 15 year old girls. Fucking normal. I just truly hope that whoever is going through the same thing can find happiness.