I really want to get out of hereThis is just a vent post. My issues aren't serious and I'm not really that important but I'm posting anyway as a means of coping. I suppose read with caution.

I got mentally ill at age 16 and I'm STILL fucking declining. It's taking forever to turn to a vegetable. I just wish someone could hit me in the head so hard I sat there and thought nothing for the rest of my life.

Im still getting the hang of this whole severe mentally ill and every single region of the brain handicapped thing. There were so many things I wanted to do. I was writing a book (yes, at 15, I had several people helping me). I was going to college early. I was doing well at a part time job where they had offered me a raise before I went insane. Straight A student, fulfilling hobbies, relationship was doing well.

I'm in my 20s now. Unemployed, relationship ended, occasionally homeless, completely trapped in a system that refuses to budge even a tiny bit and dear god am I trying every single fucking thing I have to get out of this prison of a life situation. I am not depressed, I am lucky as fuck to not be depressed, even after all of this.

I don't know what's going on personally. My doctor believes I have a psychotic illness. I was tested and they told me Schizophrenia. I don't hear voices like most people, I don't see things in the same way. Medication does not work. I hear the voices loudly inside my head, and feel a buzzing like I'm being shocked repeatedly and painfully. I have numerous spirits I have to appease every day, nonstop, or I am stalked and pursued. I can' leave the house because I feel sacred every time I see other people. I don't know wht they are going to do. I can't talk to people anymore.

I have no more emotions, no more sexual arousal. Again, I am not depressed. These things were stolen from me by whatever fuck illness this is. I can't speak well anymore. I can't write well. My memory is shit. My cognitive ability is shit. I am miserable every day because I often forget how to dress properly, I can't keep up with my hygiene. Therapy doesn't help. I can't get a job. I can't make my own job. I can't get out of society and fend for myself. I can't be homeless because I end up getting arrested or beat up. I can't live with family because I'm afraid I will hurt them and have in the past. I can't sleep in my car because I'm followed by the law. I can't kill myself because I'm watched all the time. The very fabric of reality is trying to crush me between life or death.

So my current course of action, in this hell of a life, is to sit here, and stare at the wall. I will continue to fight for my right to fuck off this planet. I don't deserve this. I will wait till I starve and that will be all. My life is on auto pilot now. I would not wish this on anyone, and there are plenty of people who have given me crap in my life, even the people who beat or verbally attacked me, and there ar eplenty of things I would wish on them but not this. This is not life or death, either of those are preferable right now. This is some kind of a sick limbo state, where half of my mind is dead and the other half is struggling to connect anything.