I can't stand my own lifeI really wish I could say I have an area in my life that doesn't suck, but I simply don't. I live at home with my condenscending mother who has always prefered scorn over support, she's even admitted that she used yelling like an all-round solution when I was a kid. It'd explain I've got a spine of jelly. My dad has pretty much been absent my entire life, which is actually preferable considering how short his anger-fuse is. My lovelife is non-existent, I've never had a girlfriend. I had friends at some point, but they left because they didn't want to deal with the emotional burden I am, I can honestly not blame them.

I've never had a real job, only internships where I've done rather well but it seems they don't count to real employers. My schoolwork has been a damn rollercoaster until it grinded to a halt under 'Not good enough'. I wanted to go further with my studies and become an engineer but that dream popped. At this rate, I'll be considered a below-average electrician at best. Earlier this year, I discovered I'm allergic to chocolate, which just so happens to be the only candy-like thing I enjoy. 

That being said, I've always hated my life. I've been a lonely, stupid, untalented idiot since forever and I can't live with the memories caused by my social ineptness. I don't think I deserve to live, I got all the chances like everyone else and I failed. Yet with all this, I've been in therapy for my entire life, with three different therapists, I've been on and off antidepressants and while I haven't cut myself, I've literally bashed my head into walls and punched myself. I've already attempted suicide twice, once by hanging and once by overdose. At least nobody can say I never tried to get help, I did and it cost me my friends and made me more depressed. I used to have video games, but even their novelty have faded. I don't find anything interesting anymore and I have to force myself to do even the most simple tasks.

If anyone can be bothered to read through all of this, I'd love to hear, well, anything to be honest.