Right now, I am on a weird situation.Well, I'm a long spectator on this subreddit and I never thought I would post something here, but anyway.


Well, I don't feel much explaining too much, but there's something on my head that is bothering me for a while now. Well, I've read a few threads which mentioned about writing a Suicide Letter with no intent of suicide.


Well, I've been thinking doing this, I do "overthink a lot" and I wanted to have a way to express all my emotions on a paper, maybe releasing these emotions could help me stop thinking on so much crap.


The problem is, whenever I feel the need of suicide, I always think on making a Suicide Note first. So there's some positive and negative things that could happen if I ever wrote that piece of paper.


The positive is, I would probably stop thinking on what I think pretty much everyday, and maybe would be able to concentrate on the good things of life.


The negative is, if there's any bad day, situation, moment, whatever, or if I end up remembering about those thoughts, I'm just one step closer to attempt suicide, since I have the Suicide Note written and completed, and I have no "self-obligation" to write a note first since it's already done.


I have depression for probably more than 7 years now, and I've had suicidal thoughts through the years, got into two therapies and now I'm on the third one. Thankfully, I never tried committing suicide ever, and I also never self-harmed in any way.


Though, I'll wait, I hope I don't have a need to write this note anytime soon. If things go right, my life may change it soon, I hope, I'm visiting a third therapy which is a lot different than the first two I've been (the first two I was were when I was a bit more younger), and currently has been going well.


My age is above 18 and less than 30, sorry, I feel insecure telling my actual age due to some reasons.


I'll start doing a drawing course soon, I always wanted to draw but I always felt unmotivated due to my depression.


Also, just wanted to say: I found this subreddit (and r/depression a while later) middle of the last year, that was when I got my latest depression, and I need to say that this community is great, people are incredibly loved here and everyone's trying to support everyone. There were times which only by reading some of posts, I felt a little better. Just want to say:


Thank You!