How can I help a friend who is suicidalHiya,

I have a very good friend who has suicidal thoughts frequently.  She also recently self-harmed after about 5 years without doing so.  She has troubling thoughts about feeling useless and a bad person.  She is neither, but rather the kindest person I've met in many years, intelligent, caring, I could go on.  When she is happy she is such a joy to be around.


As for risk, she has access to enough medication as she is on painkillers for a medical condition.  She's not a planner, but rather I worry about her doing something impulsively.  I have caught her a couple of times when I've phoned her and she seems on the edge and has said that she didn't know what she'd have done if I hadn't 
intervened.


I am the only one who knows how bad things are.  She doesn't want me to say anything to others understandably but I'm worried as I do not live with her and whilst I do check on her and we're in very good contact on the internets, I cannot be sure she is ok all the time.  Family don't know, she lives with her parents and is 23.



I'm torn between telling someone else who could keep an eye on her and keeping her close to protect her.  I fear telling another would make her distance herself from me.


It’s complicated by the fact that we are romantically involved, though things are quite tenuous between us.  She has said that I'm the only thing she has to live for, and I do love her.  I have no problem being there for her, I’m utterly committed however she won’t commit to us because she says she doesn’t deserve me and worries about 
how much her issues are affecting me.  I'm stupid for getting involved I know, but I fell in love with her.


I know it’s not attention seeking, I have to pester her when she is feeling depressed before she'll admit it, even when it’s obvious.  When she’s like that it affects me so much, I worry.


She has tried seeking help, which made a small amount of progress, they suggested CBT.  That was before self-harming again, and they won’t help her now and are very slow at getting back with alternatives.  I'm clueless how to go about helping her find something.  She is aware that she needs help, though it was traumatic before and is reluctant now.


What can I do to help?
