I want to so badlyI've just spent the last two years in a long distance relationship with someone I met over YouTube. I was suicidal and I decided to pour my heart out to the internet before I finally did it. Then I met her, she was one of my subscribers. She was the sweetest, coolest person i'd ever not met. I was 22 at the time, she was 19. We fell madly in love, but she's from another country and neither of us have any money or support from our families. We met once for a week back in january. We broke up last night, she says that she can't understand why I think the way I do about her. She's quiet and it has always been really hard to have a conversation with her over skype. She has low self esteem and doesn't think she's beautiful. She doesn't believe that she's special, she just says she's average all the time.

I see average all the time. I looked at a dating site this morning and all I saw was average. Vapid, shallow self-centered, materialistic morons who are interested in tanning, partying and watching boring movies.
 
I've struggled with depression since I was 10, drug abuse since 13 and alcohol abuse since 19. I've had an antibiotic resistant staph infection for at least 4 years, it's in my testicles. I also have hpv, I contracted it after having sex with a random woman I met on the internet when I was 18. 

I have no job, i'm severely underweight and malnourished. I go to the hospital and beg for help but apparently i'm not sick enough to receive treatment or therapy. 

My only hope was to find someone special, and I did. It did improve my life and I'm sober and eating well, but that's only been for the last week. She's been pushing me away and acting distant and I couldn't take it. For the first time in my life, i've been taking control and working to make myself better and now that I have, she's given up on me and doesn't want a relationship. She doesn't know what she wants. I don't know either. 

Any feedback would be great. I'm not really at risk for suicide, I know I can't go through with it. 