It will be my one year anniversary in a week.Last year I made a attempt to take my life. My ex told me she had been seeing/sleeping with someone since July'18 and waited until late october to tell me. I downed a bottle of whiskey and go a double barrel shot gun from the back seat of my truck. When my ex saw it she attempted  to wrestle it from me but I got it and locked myself in a bed room. After completing it for a while and drinking a lot more to 'phsyc myself up' I decided..... I was gonna kill myself. Be it Devine providence or not, as I was bringing that cocked and loaded double barrel .410 to my mouth, it went off right I'm front of my face.... I'm talking as near a miss as possible. The cop shop was two houses down and they were alerted by my ex that I was armed.... when the gun went off I had an epiphany. I no longer wanted to die. I walked outside extremely  intoxicated and the cops were there to greet me. With guns drawn the ordered me to the ground and had me handcuffed. The next few hours are a blur but I remember crying a lot. When I came to I was in a 72hr involuntary hold.... no contact no meds, no food, just physic evaluations. My ex had left me and I was rightfully asked to move out and away. I started seeing a therapist, getting daily and weekly calls from the suicide hotline doing wellness checks...... I could barely eat and the most mundane tasks seemed monumental. But I kept with it, i fed myself, made my bed, cleaned my laundry. I went to work and saw my therapist, got sober. Pretty soon I was hitting the gym and making friends rediscovering all the things that made me happy when I was younger. Riding a bike, reading and writing poetry. I knew I wasnt ready to date again but I tried.... I got stood up plenty, made some poor choices but learned and moved on. This month i celebrate the time i died but also the choice I made to live again. To love and laugh. I have never felt so 100% complete as I do right now. The small steps lead to big ones and it just kept building. And so I beg anyone considering suicide...... please dont. Make the choice to live. You are loved very much, especially by the person who needs it most, yourself. I love all of you and hope you all have a safe and happy fall