Everyone I know hates me and I don't know how to handle it.	Everyone I know hates me, for 3 years I guess I was on an alcoholic rampage, I dropped out of school in the ninth grade (due to bullying) and tried a homeschooling program that I pretty much ignored, there was never support on my mother’s end on any encouragement to help myself.  I went to the local community college at 16 to try and salvage some type of education. During this time I was dealing with severe mental health issues, mostly anxiety and never finished; so I decided to become a recluse and purely stay in the house only to come out and get cigarettes and using a cab service to go to counseling …. It wasn’t until 24 that I was convinced to make a effort to actually live and it was first of many horrible choices that I made in my life.


	I would generally meet men online have sexual relationships but generally avoid any type of emotional contact with them, there was a period that I dated a guy who was very accepting on my hermit lifestyle, I planned on just existing until I couldn’t do so any longer.  At 24 I met a guy who was much older and very kind, we planned to meet and many days I would have a new excuse not to meet him and at one point he made it clear he wouldn’t stop coming until I agreed to come outside and try to live and better my life.

	Having been diagnosed with a long list of mental health conditions,  just going to the store was truly a terrible experience.  This man I met had a life where alcohol was almost central to it.  He was married to a woman and the relationship was complicated, but it was understood for a long time that he is a gay man so I was accepted as a person who could come by and hang out with them and it wasn’t an issue.  My social skills were almost an absolute zero.  I would sit at this table with my head looking down and just uncomfortably reply to any conversation that was directly pointed to me, and I would do it with as few words as possible. Soon I started to realize after some drinking that it was a “great way” to rid myself of my social anxiety and become at least a bit talkative.

 	Anyway this person would go out to the bars almost daily and insist I come along, there was never a point that I felt comfortable about just drink, he had two friends who would openly state that they felt they were looked at as “lesser” for hanging out with me, I started getting black out drunk almost nightly and I don’t know when or where my horrible comments started to appear, but I would constantly beg to know what happened, it was the greatest fear of my anxiety losing control.

	 I stopped going out for about a year and a half.  Over that time my terrible behavior has been brewing in the minds of those I have upset and have been bothered with my behavior.  Even on a few occasions in public
I’ve been called a pervert or a asshole.  I even had times where I’ve been home for months and someone would bring up something that absolutely didn’t happen, but I have lost so much credibility it wouldn’t even matter to try to challenge it.  I’ve had an issue where I almost started a fight with a person, and that is where all my problems started.  I deleted all social media because of constant death threats, and a few drunken arguments of my doing. I tried to just avoid the situation and disappear.  I ended up on what I thought to be a obscure dating app, and I received a bashing where a few things of my behaviors finally came out, including harassing and talking to women in a absolutely horrible way, claiming to not be gay and just enjoying the head; strange and ignorant comments about college not being a right and something about the second amendment--things that in my sober mind I never think of or even care about. Sexually, I never thought of a time where I would even think of a woman in a sexual way like ever.  I have an affinity to them in the sense that I would generally find a woman as a doctor, counselor because I felt a bit more comfortable sharing my life with someone who could understand me without sexual overtones.  My main preference for that kind of support was generally gay men.  I  had all kinds of vague minor harassment then to the point when I would mention it to my psychiatrist I came off as crazy; my current psychiatrist even at one point asked if I was hallucinating.  Finally, last night it all came out that it was a game of group harassment; many of the people who were harassing me I don’t even know, and for the first time I was faced with some of the things I  absolutely had no clue about.

	I thought finally accepting responsibility and explaining where I was coming from:  my childhood, my self esteem issues, even giving the information for them to find court records about my father to help collaborate the life story I tried to tell--it got no where, and I just received even more abuse.  I tried to explain I was truly sorry for my behavior and even tried to make sense of it myself, but it became obvious that their intent was purely to try to tear me down ever further. The gay community wont even acknowledge me, though they never really did before but now many feel totally justified in throwing as much abuse as possible at me.  I offer to go down to the police station and take responsibility for anything that was said I did. I ask what could I do in anyway to try to show that I genuinely didn’t mean the problems I caused?  I even still plan from now on to just stay to myself, but the abuse just wont stop. I don’t know what to do, all I feel is an amazing level of regret for ever getting in a situation where I did leave the house. I just wish that when I was getting out of control that someone would have actually just told me but that never happened.

	I know this post is too long.  I just need to say something and my mind is truly a wreck.  I just don’t know what to do anymore, I am more than willing to go into more detail, but I’m just so worn down… The worse part is none of these people are even willing to explain what is/was going on, so for many things I just don't know.

	
