i feel like i’m doneI really thought it would get better but it didn’t. I wanted to kill myself in 7th grade, actually trying to make a noose to hang myself multiple times. I’m a full on coward though. I’ve tried to stop eating but i have no self control. I’ve wanted to purge yet i don’t have the guts to make myself throw up. At this point just looking at myself in the mirror will make me want to cry and i don’t know why. Today i overslept and i started breaking down and crying about it. I have track tryouts tomorrow but the past two months i’ve spent half to all of the day in bed almost every single day. I feel weak and heavy. I’m not even tired anymore but if i get in bed i can’t get out, like when you wake up in the morning with barely any sleep. I’ve stopped going on runs, doing digital art, now i stopped doing traditional art. I have poor social skills and poorer social judgement. I lost two close friends because they wanted me to share a problem. I shared but they won’t talk to me anymore. I have a friend though but she hates the way i dress, i love a leather jacket i have but if i wore it to school she’d make fun of it. I love my friend and none of how i feel is her fault. i do miss how i would be happy to show off my style, which i thought was nice, now i don’t even feel the need to get dressed in the morning now that i know it’s ugly . My brother always talks about how mentally healthy i am and said “she only hates herself sometimes” but every day i think of killing myself. If i even started to talk about how i feel the way he does he’d probably start comparing it to how he feels and his problems. Making it seem okay. Im failing school. I’m tired of spending everyday in bed with a hollow feeling that’s painful at the same time. Tired of feeling so worthless and disgusting and ugly. Yet i don’t have the guts to kill myself. I’m so selfish i literally have everything yet i wanna die. I have a good family and a good friend. I have the best pet in the world. She’s the reason i’m living at this point. I love my cat and if she died i wouldn’t know what to do, i sobbed because she wasn’t in my room one day. I love her so much, yet she hates me too. I’m so stupid for posting this here or at all but I wanna let it all out even if i know i’m going to regret this. I just want it to stop.