17M, depressed, and suicidal because of my shitty life. I need help.It's 10 PM right now, and here I am in my room just crying and sobbing. I'll admit, this post is just an emptying of my feelings and I'm here for some peer-support and kind words. It's my Senior year, I'm supposed to be hanging with my imaginary friends right now, or at the beach maybe sunbathing- but no, here I am as I have been my whole life: confined in my quiet, silent, cold room with just me to give myself company. It's not like it's because of COVID either, which is what makes it so sad: my life hasn't changed at all because of the pandemic; I had zero friends practically my whole life. For the first 3 of 7 years that I have been at my current school district, I was bullied horribly and tormented by the entire grade. Around 8th-9th, I eventually became more "normal"(I have Asperger's and a fuck ton of other mental issues, won't really touch that chapter though) and over the years became just another student at my high school. But it isn't that simple. I still had that "weird air" between other students and thanks to that, I never really was able to make friends that I can sit at a lunch table with, hang out with, and feel as it's more than just an acquaintance, a group of friends that make me feel apart of something. My whole life was just me going through the motions, just being "there", just existing. It's worse this year. I basically didn't show up to any classes my Junior year or did any work and would have failed Junior year completely if it wasn't for some pandemic rules saving me. The same thing is happening right now this year. My grades are all bad, I'm basically in some state where I'm just going through the motions- not able to really do anything productive. My grades are all shit, my school grades for most of my HS classes were all shit. I haven't even started most of my applications. What's wrong with me? I have spent years clamoring about the prospect of college and living in a dorm and here I am, barely having applied to colleges and not doing shit. I'm losing hope. I'm losing hope of ever finding a friend, a group of friends, or even a girlfriend. I feel as if I'll forever be in the same situation, be it a 20-something, a full-grown ass man, or a 17 year old- having no friends, living in complete loneliness, and perhaps dying by suicide as I envision myself doing sometimes. I know I sound so pitiful, but I don't know what to do with my worthless life. I'm lost. I don't even know if this post is going to get any responses. I'm not here for karma, I just need some kind words. I feel so alone.