Been thinking a lot about this, especially latelyHonestly, I've been thinking a lot about suicide. I've been fairly depressed since I was around 10 or 11 (now 23/m/canada), but it never really affected my day-to-day life until recently. At 19, I had my first physical symptoms. And now that I'm 23, those symptoms are less prevalent. But what's more prevalent, are the social ramifications.  

I just recently (~2 months ago) removed everyone I knew from every major form of communication save for 8 people - 2 parents, 2 brothers, 1 brother's girlfriend, 1 cousin, and 3 friends I only see once every other month or so (one of which, once a year or less). Cell phone, facebook, gaming friends lists, twitter, etc. And the thing is, no one has tried to get in touch with me since. This makes me feel really shitty, to be honest.  

Work isn't much better. There are a few people I share lunch conversation with, but no one I'd consider a real friend (to hang out outside of work, for example). And they speak very negatively of anyone who they think has depression as "complaining" or "gaming the system for sympathy", which makes me very reluctant to become to involved in their life.  

It doesn't help that I really have no hobby besides gaming. I even tried joining a MeetUp for Introverts (before this, meetups for board gaming, Food, and Cinema have all been dead-ends because it's all people with pre-established relationships and anyone outside tends to get shunted, especially in larger groups like a Pub Night near where I leave), and that hasn't had anything really (only 1 meetup in the last 3 months since I joined).  

Volunteering isn't really an option, as most places require 3 hours twice a week and that's not really a commitment I'm willing to make (40 hour work weeks, and on the weekends I have plenty of chores from my parents, whom I live with atm). Even if it was, I feel like volunteering isn't really a social thing, either - to me, it feels like most volunteering is just free labour (desk clerk, sorting bin at a thrift store/Salvation Army, soup ladeling at homeless shelter, or portering at a local hospital).

So, yeah I've been thinking about ending it recently. It's gotten rather specific, which is what scares me. Don't think I can share specificities, but let's just say it involves exact locations and methods when normally it was just generalized in my head.  

Don't really know why I'm posting, mostly to see if anyone has any ideas or whether my situation is as dire as it seems.  

Just feels like I'll never really achieve what I want in life, I'm at a point where I feel like I can't really advance any farther.  

(What I want is a relationship, a family, and to travel with my S.O., btw. But I've never had a relationship, and at 23 it seems unlikely that someone would be willing to put up with someone so inexperienced. And I'm only getting older.)