I've been suicidal since I was eight. Recently, I've been thinking about actually going through with it.I could post this on a throwaway, but fuck it. Why should I censor how I really feel?



LSS: I'm transgender (FtM) and have no fully supportive people in my life. If I tried telling my dad he would no longer see me as his "little girl" and would kick me out. We've always been close. He wouldn't accept me and it's already breaking me mentally. My friends at school are completely clueless to how much it hurts when someone who just came out constantly gets their pronouns corrected, but they still struggle calling me by my preferred name. I don't think even if I fully transition I'll feel better about my body or pass as male because of my thighs. I can't accept myself and no one can accept me.
I also have awful body issues because everyone I live with is overweight and I don't want to look with them. I throw up my food an hour after I eat it out of fear of gaining weight. 

I also have some sort of undiagnosed mental disorder. I've been hearing voices (I don't think it's schizophrenia) with their own personalities and names since I was 4. They constantly talk about sex (no it's not my subconsious, sex makes me uncomfortable and I have no passion to be sexually active. They started talking about sex specifically when I was 8) and have vivid visual hallucinations about one of the "voices" giving oral to the others. They also berate me and tell me I shouldn't be here, that I should hurt others, etc. I'm also pretty sure I have depression. I read somewhere that hearing voices is from past trauma. I hope it's not true, but I unfortunately believe I was sexually abused by a family member as a child.


My family situation is awful. My parents (I have a NMom and bipolar dad) are in an abusive relationship and won't divorce for *my sake*. Sometimes I don't want to come home because it's so bad. Plus, my special needs aunt lives with us and acts like a spoiled 7 year old. She doesn't know right from wrong and blames me for her problems. I'm not allowed to talk to any other family because they cut ties with them.  


I don't do well academically at school and never could. I feel like I fucked up my future by never asking for homeschooling or special ED until this year. My dad guilts me into doing well or atleast trying to. I try. I just can't. I'm too fucking down and it's too difficult.


 I feel hopeless. I already have a plan and date but I don't want to die. I'm not even out of highschool. I want to become an adult and find the love of my life. I just can't deal with this shit anymore and I cannot go to therapy because my mom hates therapists and doctors. The school counselor would just get CPS involved because I've mentioned borderline child abuse in the past. I don't want to call a resource line because there's people more deserving of it than me.
If I don't post some update by next Friday, I probably went through with it.
Thanks for everything Reddit.