Don't want to hurt the people I love but I can't take thisI met the man of my dreams when I was 17. He stuck by me when I left for college and was always so supportive. He worked his ass off to catch up to me and considered transferring to be with me. He always talked about getting married and was even willing to have kids with me if I changed my mind. We were together for almost two perfect years. We broke up during our first "fight."
Late last fall he started acting distant but he struggles with depression and was at a rough turning point in his life so I just ignored it.
He broke up with me in January and said there was no one else and he just wanted to be single, but over the summer I found out he's been with a 28 year old this whole time. He was fucking her by Valentine's Day, and I even called him that day and he still said there was no one else. She forced him to meet her parents and make their relationship official in April or May. I suspect he cheated on me with her. That's its own cumbersome timeline not worth getting into because it makes him look like a bad person but I know he's not...he's just under the influence of bad people.
It hurts me to hear stories about how awful she treats him, how he's stuck and manipulated. He's still so depressed and I'm the only one who either knows him well enough to see it or want to do anything to help him.
He's blocked me, his controlling mother has called my parents to threaten a restraining order...but I can't just give up on him. I have to keep trying to get through. But he hasn't spoken to me, he's tried to ask my dad to get me help or something idfk...I can't just leave him and throw him to the dogs. I can see he's hurting so bad but the terrible people in his life are telling him it's my fault even though all I want to do is help him. I can't take being the bad guy for loving him. I can't take being the bad guy for not wanting him to suffer. I can't take this. But I don't want him to think that it's his fault if I commit suicide. And I don't want my parents to feel guilty either. I just can't live like this. He's everything to me and he sees ME as the enemy. I love him so much I don't know what to do...I just don't want to be here anymore, I choose to stay for him, and he just perpetuates my suffering by not trusting me. I thought he was so much better than this. I thought I was stronger than this. I didn't think that loving someone could make you this miserable