How can I look at youThis post might be long and messy  but I can't turn to my friends or family. I found out at the age of 4 my dad had killed himself when my mom was pregnant with me. I really wish they hadn't told me because my curiosity as to why he hung himself and what it felt like was just constant growing up. I would try to hang myself off my door or cabinets. I would stare at the bent hinges and only think of overwhelming thoughts. I am telling you this because recently I attempted again and it's been 3 years since my last attempt. 

What lead to this attempt is I moved to Washington 6 months ago and has spent over $20,000 to house my nephew (3yo) and his mom (24yo,my best friend) . Last month I notice she had been neglecting him  and falling back into a long distance abusive relationship. I tried to be there but only felt like a nuisance. I'd care for my nephew as if he were my child and I spoil him with fancy home cooked meals and just did the most. I notice she never stepped up to really help besides bathe and change his diapers. She wasn't working anymore and was becoming messy and also had 6 months to get a birth certificate, Social Security Card and a DL. She never did. I love her so much I would never want to make anyone feel like a burden but it was apparent she was. 

The week before we left the Airbnb we rented monthly, we were drinking Jameson and orange juice and it felt nice to see her smile and actually engage in a conversation instead of burying her face in her phone. She mentioned my sisters EX who assaulted me a few years ago and I explained how alone I felt because I couldn't tell my family because they are violent. She claimed she was there for me and I started laughing and crying. I told her that she wasn't there for me and I knew she joked about it to my partner(Leo) at the time because after I told her he threw it in my face as if he was disgusted with me. It killed me because he was my first love. and I never got the chance to tell him myself.

She started yelling at me and telling me I am confused and that I don't remember things correctly. She said that my family and I were insane and she couldn't handle it anymore. I asked her to help me understand things and she would try but I would literally scream and cry because everything she said was a lie. It was really intense &amp; when anyone yells at me I am an instant mess. I was drunk and ran to the bathroom and my sick brain had razors ready for this exact moment. It happened so fast and I carved a vertical line straight down my left arm. When it opened up I had a panic attack and I just tied my bandana around my arm while everything was in slow motion.

I went back out to the kitchen and begged her to help me understand. She was very comforting but she gaslight me. Blamed my trauma and said I had it confused. I just had to be okay because I didn't want to go to the hospital or tell her. In that moment when she gas lighted me it was like a weight lifting off my shoulders for some reason or a light bulb going off without any ideas. She said she was going to tell our friend (Leo) and his gf ( Sarah) to not come over. I started panicking because I invited Leo over so I could go on  walk and talk about my situation and how I had been feeling. They came over and when he went to his car I snuck out the back and just started crying and said I fucked up. I thought I needed to go to the hospital but he told me I was fine and wrapped it up. Leo asked me why and I couldn't tell him. We hangout for a bit and I just pretend I'm ok and when Sarah wanted to leave I went with them so I could talk to Leo alone.

I told him everything.  He was my first love. So when I told him this he did not remember anything because he was a raging alcoholic at the time. He's been sober for 3 years now. Him and his gf gave me one of their cars and helped me map out a plan. I dropped my nephew and his mom off at a relatives house in CA. It was so hard from being a full time mom to just not being one.  I miss my nephew so much.

Right now I am in CA just work traveling with Leo and Sarah. It's so nice to feel free and happy. Leo says I talk more than I ever have and he loves it.

I really wish this is where it ended. Who ever is reading this I am so sorry.

It's so hard to type out. Leo and I are bestfriends. He is asexual. Him being sober is so fucking amazing. He use to be abusive mentally sometimes physically.  I met him while he was transitioning and he constantly talked about testosterone making him sexual.  We had sex a few times but I always felt wrong because he would tell people he is asexual.  I felt as if I was raping him so I would never try and do things he'd always start it. I'd wake up to him touching me and I didn't mind because I loved him so much.

When Leo wasn't sober him and his friend raped me. 

The ripped my clothes and I had only a skirt on. His friend Andrea dragged me out from underneath them and they whined. 

The next day they threw a party and I had no underwear on and I just wanted to go home. None could pick me up and I didn't know anyone in Fresno. The day after the party Leo sent one of our friends a voice message in front of me laughing and joking about raping me with his friend who he refers to as his brother. His rage and control over me was so terrifying. I fucked up and I thought I was just being stupid and he was always good with his words. He always knows what to say. I blamed alcohol and his autism that he always used to justify his shitty behavior.

About a year later we get back together and plan on political canvassing in LA. Before we leave we sleep in the car outside his parents house because we liked too. We got malt liquor and I knew we shouldn't have because I never finish my 40 oz. and he'll probably pass out. We are cuddling and he starts to touch me. I say no and he begs and I told him he couldn't go down on me because he is asexual so I was more confused. While we are having sex I ask him to stop and I  say no. I went to push him off me and he threw my arms down and continued. I just looked out the back window trying to hid my face and to not cry but I couldn't help it. He was upset and stopped and just went to bed.

I've never told anyone this. I just feel like I did something wrong. He was drunk. He is autistic and asexual. I'm making excuses and it makes my body ache.

We got to LA and we were sleeping under an overpass after work and we were drunk because our friends lived down the street and we just partied with them. He is extra aggressive and is mean about him not being able to go down on me. I try to tell him how I feel and he just starts fucking me. I was into it but then he gets to out of control and I tried to get him to stop and he just pushes me back and I just covered my face and cried until he stopped he didn't apologize just sighed really loudly and continued drinking.

He is Autistic and he was drunk. That's all I could think at the time. I still am thinking it. 

Leo is one of the reasons why I moved to Washington.  He is so different and how can I love him still. Sara doesn't know any of this. So I think. I'm sitting here in his Gf's moms house right now. What is this? is this okay? am I okay? I feel like an imbecile sitting here laughing with them. I see it bothers him too or does he even remember?