Sorry this is longI am alone. (M20) sorry this is long, so I broke it up into chunks.

I am a part of a big family but they are all at least 6 yrs older than me and just tried to parent me growing up. I am a pastor’s kid, and was a gifted child so I was bored every day at school, and people did not like me because I was smarter than they were and could not communicate with them. 

I was in a car wreck in high school and broke my left arm in three different places, tore both acl’s both mcl’s left pcl, and both meniscus, and my seatbelt tore through my abdomen and perforated my stomach whilst bursting my bladder and generally just messing shit up. I got one of the worst concussions imaginable and have brain damage(no one believes me because I am still highly functioning, but I’m not nearly as smart as I was before). 

My family was devastated and all rushed to the hospital to try to check on me. I wanted to die. Every second was torture and I attempted to kill myself with a handful of painkillers, but my dad walked in while I was in a hospital bed in our living room and I didn’t want him to see me do it. Even before this I felt lonely because my best friend was my dog and no one seemed to care(he has since passed). 

During and after this so many people said how much they cared, but they didn’t before, so why should I believe them. It just all seemed fake. Ever since then whenever I tell people any of this they just stare at me and say how lucky I am to be alive. They don’t see the torture I am under to just survive. 

Every day I wake up and I try to be healthy. I eat healthy, I exercise, I bake, I take care of myself, I splurge sometimes on stuff I want, and every day I wish someone was there to care about me. I have been in a couple relationships, and most girls (if it gets to the point where I trust them and want them to know the truth) when I tell them what I went through and what is going on in my head, they just freak out and leave, or they sleep with me, then freak out and leave. 

All my friends have a best friend, and I ain’t it. Everyone in my life has someone that they talk to nonstop, and I don’t, nor have I ever. I just want someone to hold me close and tell me they care, and I can believe it. (Too many times have people lied about that to me). 

So to sum it all up, I feel alone every day of my life, and that is not changing. No matter what I do to make myself healthier, no matter how much I put myself out there to people, I just feel unwanted, so I leave and they do not follow. I know that some day I will give up because I’m barely hanging on as it is, and I keep telling myself that people care, but I tell myself right back that if they did, they would show it, and not just say they do. It’s easy to say something, but much harder to show it. I want to die, even tho I know some people will be hurt by it. 

If I reach out, then I can’t tell that what others say or do will truly be what they want to say or do, or will it be them being nice because they don’t want to be the reason I kill myself. So again, some day I will kill myself, and I know that everyone will have someone to lean on. I seem to be the only one that doesn’t.