I wish I was never born.I am 17, I recently moved halfway across the USA, not of my choice, because my mother decided to marry a man that I barely know, My biological father abandoned me when I was young, leaving me with abandonment &amp; trust issues, he was a heroin addict who held me a knife/gun point on three occasions, &amp; beat me the majority of the time before he abandoned me. I spent most of my life moving constantly, never getting to make friends, I was always the new kid, and was bullied nearly everywhere I went. After entering high school &amp; puberty being done with, I became pretty attractive, &amp; popular &amp; known by every alternative kid within my city &amp; even the city near by. I finally made a few real friends, which is hard for me, because I take a long time to warm up to people &amp; become comfortable with others, I have three real friends, &amp; we all see each other as a family. I have been depressed my whole life, but for the past couple years things were better, I had people who I actually trusted, but then I moved away from the first place I have ever been comfortable &amp; felt okay.
Since the move my depression has come back, I feel absolutely homesick &amp; alone, I don't want to worry my friends or family, because I do love them, o I tell them every things great &amp; only tell them the good things, but I truly wish I was never born, and am slowly working up the nerve to pull the trigger, I have several guns in my home.

I can't take the pressure of having to meet new people &amp; restart from  the ground up again, I can't take the bullying &amp; abuse, I can't handle the depression, the disappointment, anything. I have only been able to let three people in my life get through my fear of abandonment, and that took time, &amp; here I won't find that. I went from a larger city, to a small town out in the country, where people like me are frowned upon.

I can't sleep, I can't stop thinking about death, the past, and that absolutely nothing has changed since I first started being abused by my father.

TLDR: I had a highly abusive father, was bullied all my life, have trust &amp; abandonment issues, wish I was never born, &amp; three guns to choose from.