I don't see myself living past this week.I'm so lonely, miserable and broke. I've been working my ass off since I graduated school in 2015 to try and get work, but I've just been scraping by only barely.  My lease ends in July and I have to where to go as my sister doesn't want to live with me anymore. I can't live with my Dad in Germany, and I don't have any friends in this state. I won't even have all of my rent money by the 5th of next month. I can't live like this anymore. If my sister finds out that I'm short on rent, she's just gonna freak out on me and I will have another major anxiety attack; I'm afraid this time I will actually kill myself. Last time this happened I nearly did it, but I ended up calling the suicide hotline. The hotline is not help to me, so there's no point in calling again because they're just gonna refer me to a shrink which won't take my shitty insurance and is too expensive, anyways (a session is 200-300 bucks).


I can't take seeing all of my friends who have families and jobs and are happy. It fucking tears me up inside seeing another friend get married or another working their dream job. A few weeks ago, I saw on facebook that one of my high school classmates now has a doctorate. It made me feel like so much shit about myself because I've been working so hard and yet I've gotten nowhere. I'm a nobody with no one to love me. I've never been in love and the idea that Id make someone happy just makes me weep because it's impossible; that's never going to happen. The thought gives me a lump in my throat right now, just typing this up. 


Not really religious, but I really hope there's some sorta afterlife., because my life has been so horrible these past 10 years each year has been worse than the last. I can't go on anymore. I really hope there's some sorta afterlife where I can finally be happy and have someone who'll love me and I can support myself because that hasn't happened in my own life.


I've tried so hard to keep holding on and try and better myself and work, but it's been so pointless. I'm so scared all of the time and sad. Depression and anxiety has utterly ruined me. I don't want to live anymore. There's nothing or no one out there for me. I've been told that lie so many times in my life. It just ended up making me feel worse because it feels like everyone was in on some big joke and they thought it would be funny to get my hopes up. 


I cry myself to sleep every night. I just want to finally be okay. Hopefully I will when I'm dead.