Please help -- I'm more miserable than everPosted some shit like this on r/depression yesterday but nobody fucking read it so I am here now instead. 

I don't ever really consider suicide because it's not really an alternative. What good is killing yourself is all that ends up happening is you die? I want to be alive and happy, not dead. This is the *only* thing that has stopped from me killing myself, and it has held up since middle school basically because the reality of the decision is the same. So, I'm an ideating p.o.s. but I don't actually have the guts to do it. 

That said, my life is a cycle of perpetual agony and it's like this for no reason. I grew up with everything, have great and loving parents and family, and had friends but I cut them out because of how miserable I was. I am even more miserable after living the last year alone. I realize it was probably a mistake, but honestly fuck them I hate them.

And that's how I feel: fuck them. Fuck them and just fuck everybody and everything. I just completed my Bachleor's Degree and I feel like I should be excited but am feeling more hollow than ever. About to embark on a new life, but I don't even want it right now because it'll be this just worse because of how shit gets magnified by the exponential curve of life. 

I have internalized this super poor image of myself, but it's because of the reality of *that* really being who I am. I consciously spend almost every second trying to tell myself I am worthy, talented, loved, and all the other dumb bullshit, but when I actually get a good look at myself I realize that I am kinda worthless and pathetic. Not physically (exactly). I'm not some dumb fucking nerd incel creep whatever the fuck, just a regular person, but that's not good enough. 

I keep telling myself that if life is a series of two options: either work tirelessly and thanklessly with no expectations whatsoever until you are reasonably satisfied, or fucking kill yourself. You have no option to bitch and complain because that's how miserable people are formed. 

But I am just miserable, plain and simple, and nothing I have done, not counselling or self-help or support from family and friends, has changed it. Not to mention it has prevented me from forming serious relationships with people, and the most close friendships I have I end up just ragefully hating those people because of how jealous of their happiness, or at least contentedness, I am.  

I just do not have the energy to continue to lie to myself and tell myself that one day I will feel better, especially since the easy and fun part of my life is now over and I feel even worthless now than I did when I actually was worthless.

There is a pretty elaborate history of mental illnesses in my family but I'm not mentally ill, no matter how much I try to convince myself I am so I can fucking glorify my shit. I'm just a regular person. 

Any words will be appreciated.   