I’m turning 19 in a few days, and I’ll be lucky if I make it.Hey y’all. If anyone even cares to read this whole block of bullshit that I’m going to spill, just know that I appreciate you taking the time. 

So like many of you here, a life time of suffering has gotten me to this point; Whether it’s the abuse and neglect I’ve received as a child, whether it’s me growing up completely isolated and away from my family, whether it’s me failing at school and my passion (I’m a singer and musician), or the completely filthy and run down apartment I’m currently living in; All of it plus more has gotten me here. 

It’s a bit surreal knowing I’m going to spend my birthday alone, considering that’s what I do every single day. I’ve tried for so long to believe that *I’m not here and this isn’t really happening*, but the truth of the matter is that nobody cares about my existence and I’m merely just a nuisance. From putting my all into people without return, from my father leaving me by myself all the time for more than ten years, or from people who’d rather like your stupid pictures  on Instagram than have an actual conversation with you, even when you’re asking them about their *own* lives; It’s really clicked into my brain that I mean nothing to anyone other than myself. 

But I’m not any sunshine either. For the amount of awful things I’ve been through in my lifetime, I’ve done my own fair share of making others suffer. And that’s the hardest part, knowing that I’ve made someone feel the way that I so terribly feel every single day with my depression and OCD. Even if I was super young and stupid, or maybe not even aware of what I was doing, I still feel it. 

Sometimes I can’t believe I’m only going to be 19. Mentally and physically, I feel at least 30 years old. Because I’m just so fucking tired. 

I don’t even feel bad for myself anymore, but for humanity. Looking at the shit that people do to each other, or have to endure through their life time makes me utterly disgusted, angry, and helpless. The worst part is that nobody lifts their hands and nobody lifts their eyes, because we’re all so worried about our own damn misery and predicaments. 

It’s all bullshit, and I’ve had enough of it. I’ve thought about running away, but I literally have no one along with no money. I wanted to join the military but I didn’t graduate because my mental health absolutely tanked. I love being a singer and making music, but no one gives a flying fuck since there’s a million other joes doing the same thing. 

I don’t have any other options. And I’m sick of all this suffering. I just don’t want any of it anymore. If you got this far, thank you a ton. Bless you, and I hope your own situation gets better if it needs to.