I feel like a failure at my job and no matter what I do, I feel like I will never be good enough. I am starting to believe that my life will never be what I dreamed it to be and I have failed my parents.I had to struggle all my life. I come from a very poor family. Thanks to my parents, I got education and went to college even though they had to struggle a lot. We never had a home. We still don’t. My family still lives in a small 2 bedroom flat. I am 28 and I have been working for 5 years now. My former boss and colleagues have said that I am very good at my job but somehow I never moved up. I changed 3 companies in the first 4 years because I really needed a jump in my salary. Last year, I moved to a new country but still I am not making enough to keep my family going. Also, I feel like I am doing the same job for 5 years now and have reached a dead end. I am not learning anything and there’s no challenge at workplace and also, I hate my current workplace and my young, rich, spoilt boss. And I have been coming to a realisation that I might not be all that smart to be successful at my job. Basically, I don’t know what I am good at or what I can excel in. However, I want to further my studies and take a Masters degree in US/UK which will hopefully help me change my career but  I cannot afford to take a loan since most banks need collateral for big amount and I don’t have a home or any savings or fixed deposits. 

I want to be happy. I want to buy a home for my family. I want to find a work that I like. I want to have a life that I love. Right now, I am barely making enough to provide for myself and my family of 4. I have to wait and save for months even to buy a simple thing like a laptop. I don’t go out or order food. I cook almost everyday. I don’t shop for clothes. I don’t travel. I sacrifice so much yet still it feels like it’s never enough. On top of that, I am ugly and bald. I feel like running away. In the end, I think of ending my life. I get a feeling that I will never be successful and rich enough to fulfil my dreams and provide for my family and buy them a house or do that Masters program. I feel sad and angry that even after my parents’ struggle to get me educated, I still cannot afford to buy them a house or at least provide them an above average lifestyle. 

Why was I born? My mom could have had a miscarriage or I wish I could have died as a child. I don’t like this life. I got nothing to be happy about.