Long rambling stuffI'm not angry at the world, or at anyone. I used to be really angry at my family and other people, but I'm over that I think. Im still stuck in the past, but not so much anymore. And when I think about the present right now, it's more bleak than when I was still living in my past. It's not like I don't mind actually, I was pretty ok with going day to day with nothing and no emotions. But when I finally experienced what friendship or having real friends were, then losing them or they don't really feel the same way, the pain is too much for me. It's not them either though, I just have no personality at all. I'll be honest, I'm usually taken for granted. Becausr Im really forgettable or not worth caring about. I'm like, like it's nice they think I'm really sweet and stuff and they love me once they're done telling their problems to me or me helping them, the conversations over. I noticed I don't get called out or noticed either, I don't really mind. I'm trying really hard on not to miss the feeling of actually or similarly being wanted in my life, but the pain is a lot. I've attemped multiple times before and stuff, like yesterday even. I don't know. Sometimes, like now i hate myself because I have no qualities. my. Head. Is hurting so badly when I'm writing this, it's just when I was younger I was suicidal then even when I didn't understand the word. But when I had friends. Everything seemed brighter, they taught me emotions and how to feel. But I only feel sadness because I'm not enough, I know from the start I wasn't but it being seen to me or trying to make the results different and it not changing just makes me realize how worthless I am. I dnt rlly have a place to vent either I think but I dint know, o feel. Like I'm srsly gonna try again later. One of the things holding me back is that my mom said she would kill herself if I did
Also, I'm not even an adult either. I'm just a kid so it's even more harder on me
I also feel like I don't belong anywhere, and I really don't
Nothing's getting better, only worse
I'm a shut in
I'm bad and I want to die
I'm always alone, constantly alone. I Used to be use to the feeling of. Loneliness, but not anymore. I'm scared of being lonely and forgotten but that's what's happening to me all the time. My mom is always busy working so I'm alone in the House, I rarely eat. I'm not lying about being forgotten either I think it ppl not caring about me cause everytime I'm at the. Hospital from failed or speaking of attempts when I come back, maybe only one if them will ask. Where I was and not even let me finish answering or go ti a new topic