I'm ready for it to be overThe only thing that has kept me alive for this long is all the dumb things I wanted to do, and my best friend and only friend. Depression has destroyed the former; I no longer care enough to do them, nor do I have the energy. I barely have the energy to make this post.

My best friend is also depressed, and it's been pretty bad for him lately. I tried to be there for him, but it got to the point where over two weeks, he rarely talked to me at all, and when he did, it was because he was depressed and needed me. Any other time he just had better things to do. I started getting more depressed from the lonliness, and the feeling of being worthless and unwanted to yet another "friend". He got mad at me for being depressed over it, and decided we shouldn't talk for a while and that it would be "beneficial" for me. Said that I needed to learn how to be lonely. Apparently there's no better "fix" for loneliness than more loneliness. I know what he was really saying was "Get away from me until you're not depressed because I only like you when you're happy."

I hate him so much for doing this, and I don't think I could ever trust him again. If he ever does want to talk to me again, I'm not sure I'd even bother with it. But at the same time I care so much about him to the point where he's my only reason for staying alive right now. He told me it would devastate him if I died (which I'm sure he lied about), and I don't want to risk doing that to him. I'd also like to stay alive because talking to him did make me happy, but even if he does come back and I am able to talk to him, that could be any amount of time, weeks, months, years even. I don't want to suffer like this for that long "just in case".

My life has been completely meaningless, the only things I did have were ruined by my depression, and now I have nothing, except I'm still trapped here. I so desperately want to die, but I don't want to hurt him, so I just kind of lay in bed all day and suffer. I'm not sure what to do anymore.