I'm getting through it. My mind raced all the time. I never knew what I was capable of until one day I took a shard of glass to my wrist. The release of blood and the pounding in my head helped me escape. 

I began to cut once a week. Then twice. And it just became more and more intense. I took apart a razor with my hands so that I could have as much blood as possible. I wasn't just doing it as a release anymore. It became more of a routine. Instead of cutting twice a week, it became twice a day. It was more creative. I carved  the words 'HELP ME' into my wrist. Large. Proud. I drew the initials of the boy on my bone. I cut down until all I could see was muscle and blood. All I felt was the high from the pain. I began to think of ways out. But all I could see was suicide. It felt like that was all there was left for me. 

I drew up plans. My first thought was to do it painlessly. But then I began to think of going out with a bang. I considered hanging. Shooting myself. But in the end, I took a bottle of pain pills. The feeling of numbness throughout your body as you go into toxic shock is probably the most relaxing thing in the world. I began to sink onto the floor. That was about the time I heard someone open the door. I ended up getting my stomach pumped, and had to stay in the hospital for 4 days. Once I realized my plan had failed, I cried until I was sick. I went home and was still broken. I attempted again. And again. And again. But every time I tried, I either failed, or was stopped. My mother was an emotional wreck. I hated hurting her, but at the same time I believed that if I was gone she wouldn't have to worry anymore. I wrote a suicide note. But I didn't get a chance to go through with the plan that I knew would be successful. 

I was going to jump off of the 30 story building next to my fathers work. 

No particular reason as to why I chose that building, just figured it'd be more painful. 

But anyways, I gave up on trying to die. I'm glad I did, too. 

I still cut. I just couldn't get over the feeling of blood running down my skin. 

I got over it with the help of my bestfriend. I don't understand why she put up with me, but it helped. Tremendously. 

I still relapse every once in awhile, but I have more control over it now.  

Thanks for reading. I'm getting over it. 

Oh, and did I mention that I'm 14?