just read if you wantLife has been pretty bad for about 2 years now. Last month it finally got to the point where I couldn’t really take it anymore. I was contemplating suicide, but I’m a pussy so I just reached out to my dad for help. I still think it was pretty brave of me. I mean, after all, he is the man who has been abusing me for years.

Though he hits me, I am his daughter. I guess I’m pretty arrogant since I believe that he’d help if I told him I was suicidal. He knows about my self-harming too, so that helps.

My parents and I went in for a mental health evaluation on my birthday, just a week ago. I was supposed to meet the psychologist again last Friday with my father for the results of the evaluation, but my father insisted that I don’t go.

When he returned, my twin sister asked him about the results of the evaluation, and he just told us that the psychologist said that I “only had a little bit of the disorder”. He didn’t even state what “disorder”. And apparently I will not be meeting with the psychologist anymore. So, that rid me of all my chances of getting better by seeking professional help. I’ve been unable to ask further since it’s a pretty heavy subject. My sister followed up by telling me that it was pretty obvious that I was mentally stable and that I’ve just been doing it for attention. She’s been repeating that for the longest time, since she found out about my self-harming. 

Honestly, I really hate my sister. She’s not needed in my life. When she had discovered my self-harming, she went around and told all our friends, without the slightest consideration about my feelings. Sometimes I suspect that she is a psychopath. She doesn’t really seem to harbour any sort of empathy.

But at the same time, I’m mad at myself for having been disappointed about the results. Maybe I am just doing it for attention after all. I don’t know. But at the same time, I ask myself, who in their right mind would go to sleep at 7 in the morning, not shower for days, lay in bed all day and not feel the sunlight for up to weeks at a time? Maybe it is a normal thing to do. Honestly, I feel like some attention-seeking brat.

In all other aspects of life, I’m pretty normal. I’m doing pretty well in school. Though I didn’t get into my dream school, I managed to get into one of the top 15 secondary schools in my country. Kind of a feat. My dad’s bankrupt. We have a helper who’s stolen hundreds of dollars. Ha, ha. We also have the cutest dog. 

You know, I’d take my life if I could. But as I said, I’m a pussy. I want to end it all, and the only thing that’s stopping me is my fear of pain. To be honest, no matter how bad life gets, I think I won’t ever have the courage to take my own life. I’m so scared of pain, yet at the same time I have the audacity to contemplate suicide. Ha, ha.

