Not sure if this group can be helpful. My suicidal 13 year old daughter.Because Sarah's anxiety seems to have been worsening recently, and because she could not articulate what exactly was wrong, we decided to audit her email account over the weekend, which is something we rarely do, preferring to give her her privacy.

Unfortunately we found a fair amount of suicidal talk. It was very general and not every day, no plans or agreements, in fact most of it was enumerating reasons why she could not or would not kill herself, but she has obviously given it thought. She has been discussing her depression with E, who recently moved away, and the two of them seem to have been reinforcing each other's anxiety and depression rather than helping each other. There has been a 24 hour a day (nearly), 7 day a week email conversation going on between Sarah, E, and two other girls about their extreme anxiety, angst, and feelings of depression and fear. I'm no expert but this seems like "corumination."

In response we have temporarily removed Sarah's access to email and the internet at home and confiscated her cell phone. She was taking her phone to bed so that she could literally respond to these emails all day long, every day, about every 2-5 minutes.

Just the absence of this 24/7, non-stop conversation seems to have taken some weight off of her shoulders and Sarah was in seemingly high spirits last night while we focused on family activities. Obviously we are still very concerned and are seeking a therapist outside of school for Sarah. We are especially concerned about Sarah during school hours, where she may not be able to disengage from drama with her peers when/if she needs to. I'm also concerned about some of Sarah's teacher's interactions with her, particularly the French teacher who seems especially interested in Sarah in a negative way for some reason. I understand that she recently forced Sarah to get on her hands and knees in the hallway and clean up discarded and smashed food that was left by another student, which humiliated her in front of her peers and seemed to be a little bizarre (not to mention that Sarah is immune-compromised by her Crohn's and the attendant medications and this could have been dangerous.)

Sarah was seen yesterday evening by emergency crisis workers who have determined that she's not an imminent threat to herself warranting hospitalization. They're coming back again tonight (not sure what for exactly.) We're looking for a regular therapist/psychologist as well.

Sarah is chronically ill. She has Crohn's Disease, ITP (a blood clotting disorder), and constant dull pain throughout her entire body that began with a bad medication reaction and has never gone away. Sometimes the pain intensifies and immobilizes her, about twice a year. This has been her life for 10 years, though it's been worse for about 4 years. I think this contributes to her sadness, but I don't think it's the source. Her biological mom (not her step mom who she lives with) has a history of clinical depression.

I'm not sure exactly how, as her dad, to relate to her and help her with this. Since puberty/turning 13 she really doesn't confide much in us anymore. Conversations with her are extremely one sided IF the subject is her feelings (fine on all other subjects). She's seemingly happy and smiling when interacting with family like her little sister, me, and her mom AS LONG AS we don't bring up her sadness or the reasons for it. At school, her friends seem to reinforce her sad feelings rather than help much.

I've offered Sarah a limited return of access to her email account but she has declined. I'm a little worried that she's already created an alternate account that she can access from school, but she declined to go to school today, citing a fear of one specific teacher that she doesn't think she can handle today. It's possible, though, that she simply realizes that she needs a break from constant contact with her depressed friends.