I don't know who I've become...I've been reading reddit posts about other people's experiences with suicide attempts and their struggles with mental health (mostly anxiety and depression). From what I can remember, I've felt like this since I was near 12 years old. I'm now 22 and I feel like I've lost who I am. I no longer care for hobbies and can't even list one that I've done for the past three years. Social media bores me, it's all the same. Work feels like I'm living the same shift on repeat. I'm a fourth year student and still remain on the president's list (straight A's) but it doesn't feel like an achievement. From an outsiders perspective I have nothing to be sad about. I live in a house with my boyfriend, we have a dog, I do great in school, I work 2 part time jobs and have an extremely loving family and friends. But I feel numb. I have to convince myself to get out bed, brush my teeth, do my makeup. I'm slowly deteriorating. 

I've lived like this before, but I'm getting worse. I've been on 2 different anti-depressants and even increased my dose and felt it was no help. I follow all the common symptoms and no one notices. I feel as though I've moved from suicidal ideation to now actually thinking about it as if it is near date. I've been put on a waiting list 6-9 months to see a psychiatrist. I told my symptoms to my doctor and his literal response was "Oh boy". 

How am I supposed to get help when there is none. I paid $700 in therapy fees last month, I can't afford help. By the time I finally get to see a psychiatrist I don't even think I'll be around. Half of the inpatient programs you need to be admitted by emergency, which is pushing me to hurt myself even more. I'm crying while writing this because I'm scared, yet it all feels inevitable. 

I just don't know who I am anymore. So much negativity and depression just surrounds me that I've become it. I'm extremely jealous of those who just smile for no reason, what I would give to feel that just once. I just don't think my soul was ever meant to live on earth.