Seeking help makes me feel fucking angry.I can't fucking sleep, or eat, or think, but I just switch into 'seems perfectly normal' from 'fucking dying' whenever I talk to someone. When I'm sad it physically hurts, my whole body goes numb, I can't think about anything other than "die die die die die, fucking die you piece of shit" on a loop, when I feel like that, I just hold onto the hope that my brain might just give up completely and I'll die from being miserable. But that doesn't happen. 

I started cutting and burning myself, I'm trying to build up to killing myself, which I'd do with an overdose. I fantasise about burning the house down around me, shooting myself or crashing my car into a wall/people/off a bridge, but I know I'm too fucking pathetic to actually do any of those. When I hurt myself my internal monologue is: "is that fucking it? are you joking, fucking cut deeper, burn yourself more, this is fucking pathetic, no one is going to take you seriously if you don't at least hospitalise yourself - what the fuck is wrong with you, you can't even do this right." 

I've been talking to a therapist for a while, she's ridiculously optimistic and I can't fully communicate to her what I feel like. I finally managed to convince her that I'm fucking ill, and her response was "I should refer you to more specialised people", so she did. They phoned me up and I talked to some fucking idiot doctor who didn't want to listen and obviously had better things to do with his fucking time (I despise doctors, all of them, they fucking suck). He was like "how have you been eating?" I was like, I can't look at food, I hate it, eating it makes me feel sick but I know I have to or I'll feel more miserable and he was like "yeah sometimes I don't like cooking either!" no you fuckwit. no. "have you been hurting yourself, when was the last time you did that?" everyday, I burn myself, and cut myself, yesterday "and you haven't been to hospital for it" no. "so you're not trying to kill yourself then!" Who in fucks name tries to kill themselves with a soldering iron and a box cutter you fucking idiot, I'm sorry I didn't impress you with my self harm abilities, I'll try fucking harder next time. "are you hearing voices?" No, but I hallucinate, walls move and shit, I see blood when I take showers, I wake up in the night and feel like someone's choking me with my sheets "so.. no voices?" ....no "great!". "Do you have plans to kill yourself right now" Yes I gu.. "because we'd have to send the police over if you did" fine then, no "good!". It basically went on like that, and then ended with "well it seems like you're doing okay, so, we can call you back in three weeks to book an assessment appointment to see if you qualify *click*"

Fuck you just fuck you so fucking hard. I now have nobody and no support for three weeks because my therapist 'isn't qualified enough' and the people that are qualified enough are fucking idiots who seem to be holding bets on how fucking awful they can be. If I'm still alive in three weeks, which, honestly I hate the thought of, I'm going there and burning it down. I want people to understand the pain that I feel. This place is fucking hell, and I want everyone to see that. 