I've felt dead longer than I've felt alive...I was never the happy kid. I have painfully vivid memories of being raped when I was a young kid. Other memories of having my head slammed against the wall or the floor, I even have a distinct memory of having a concussion one time from being slammed so hard against the ground that my head ended up bouncing and hitting the metal support on my bed. To this day, I'm scared of men, as a man myself.

I....my first attempt to kill myself was around the time I was 10. I failed because I was an inexperienced kid. 

The second time I tried to kill myself, was around the time I was 11. I was caught, I had a complete mental breakdown. My mom had me stay in the local mental hospital for a few days to try to get me some help. I opened up to the nice lady in there, but it didn't help. All it did was rationalize a fear of hospitals and the feeling that I was just some broken tool ready to be thrown away. But....that's also when I gave up on trying things in general. I stopped trying in school beyond the minimum effort required to pass, I stopped really associating with the few friends I did have in school.

Everything was painfully mediocre for a few years until around the time I was 17. My parents had finally let me have some liberties after complaining for years that I never hung out with friends like they ever let me in the first place. Helped one of my school friends become one of my best friends once we were able to hang out outside of school and talk about the demons we have that we wouldn't dare share on school grounds, made us feel a sense of solidarity with one another. But then I also met this girl, she was the ex of one of our other friends, who himself kept trying to push us together. But as she put it, she didn't like black people like that, which crushed my heart a bit. So I sort of gave up on pursuing her at all and focused on being a friend instead, because I could always use more of those. Then she somehow ended up falling for me anyways and had one of our friends tell me. I went and asked her out after a birthday party, where it was just the two of us standing outside in the moonlight together. Sounds happy right? I thought so as well, until a few months passed and I found her cheating on me with another dude. I blamed myself for the entire thing, I didn't deserve to be loved. That ended up being attempt number three, but by this point I had a best friend that I could rely on to pull me back from myself.

Life went so blissfully uneventful until around the time I was 19. I'd grown entirely discontent with the monotony of my life and hated every second of it. I planned to kill myself on Halloween of all days, banking on the hope that most people would just assume that I'm a decoration of some sort and not really care until it was too late. But instead, I ended up hitting it off with this really great girl and she distracted me from my demons. That otherwise would have been attempt number four.

Now here I am, two years later. 2019 was such a clusterfuck of emotions and turmoil for me that I can't help but wonder how I survived at all. Some of my really close family started to die on me, my godmother who I loved more than most people died really young from cancer and that ruined me more than I thought it would. One of my role models ended up taking his life after a noticeable struggle with his mental health for the better part of a year. My physical health has started to take a dive off the deep end. I've got Crohn's, so some days it's a struggle to be able to get out of bed because of the pain. Sometimes it's too much of a struggle to even eat at all because I know that my stomach will throw an entire fit. Combine that with a constant stream of migraines and headaches and I ended up spending nearly every day in excruciating pain. People told me to get help all the time and I wanted to. But I couldn't afford insurance after aging out of my mom's, I was working a minimum wage job that would only ever schedule me part time and my premiums were always around $800 a month. I got denied for reductions and assistance, which forced me to choose eating and having a place to sleep over being able to fix my body at all. But then...I ended up getting a rape accusation levied against me. Mind you, from the person who claims it, I would have been 10 at the time that allegedly went place...and as someone who has always hated physical contact and was full of trauma, no one believed it aside from my crazy aunt. But, it made me remember all the memories of what had happened to me, memories that for so long I tried to lock away. It broke me all over again, made me more hateful and distrustful than I already was. Ended up affecting my performance at work because I was oftentimes depressive instead of my usual, fake cheery self. I physically didn't have the energy to keep up the act anymore. So some of the people in the company conspired to get me fired, which it worked. Then here I was...21, jobless, insuranceless, painfilled. The girl I hit it off with on Halloween? Decided right after I got fired that she didn't want to deal with my depression anymore and dumped me. Shattered my whole world, for she served as my light and hope for 2 years....made me feel a sense of happiness and belonging where I otherwise felt dead and unwanted. I reached out to the suicide prevention hotline on three separate occasions, they could make me feel better in the moment but not in the long run. By this point, my best friend and I have grown apart a lot. He found another group of friends that he vibes with more because they're more for recreational drug use while I stay sober because I have no idea how any of them might affect my already fractured psyche. 

December 31st, 2019. That was attempt number 5. I spent days in darkness and tears, wishing for a release from both the physical pain and mental anguish. I left the house so that I could run away somewhere and kill myself, but my cousin had caught wind of my plan and was waiting outside to stop me. I was forced to talk to my parents about what has been bothering me, where I as a 21 year old black man, broke down in a pile of tears on the floor and explained to them that I want to die and that even if it didn't happen that day, it would end up happening at some point in 2020.

Here I am, 3 days later...and that sentiment has only gotten stronger for me. I don't know exactly when it will be, but I know that I won't make it through this year. My only hope is that I'll finally be free from a lifetime of pain. If there was another option that wasn't suicide, then I would welcome it, but at this point I feel as if I've exhausted every other option to no gain.

Thank you for hearing me out guys.