All I Have Ever Known Is PainTo understand my story we must start at the beginning. I was born to a mentally insane mother, and a father who was never there. In my early years I can remember being like many children, inquisitive, innocent, and a desire to be loved. I never really questioned why my dad was gone, or why my mom acted the way she did, I wasnt old enough to understand. Despite my mom storming around the house screaming and breaking things I did ok, I stayed in a room in the basement and tried to drown it out watching winnie the pooh and star wars on vhs. School wasnt so bad, I wasnt popular or had many friends but I had two and that was plenty for me. I never told anyone about it because my mom hadnt started attacking me yet and I was just interested in what videogames were coming out that I could play. If it got too bad I always just left for a friends house, I feel like their parents understood what was going on and never rushed me to leave. But unfortunately my mother could no longer pay her bills so we had to move and stay with my grandmother, this was in 5th grade, and looking back I see that those were the best times I will ever have. Because when we moved it got far worse. As I got older I understood more about how horrible my mother was, she actively harassed everyone in the house, she would beat on my door and scream about how terrible me and my grandmother are. She believes me and my grandmother conspired against her to make her look bad. She has attacked my grandmother several times and me. School was no longer a safe haven from this anymore from 5th to high school I was actively picked on, beaten up, and exiled by everyone. I would cry alone in my room many times, not understanding why this was happening to me, wondering what did I do to deserve this? By the time high school came around, the gentle little boy who just wanted to be happy and play was gone forever. And in his place was a young man filled with anger and resentment, the bullying stopped at high school, but the exile was still the same. I never had friends in high school, I ate alone in the same table all 4 years. I think people knew by then not to mess with me, probably because they could see the hate burning inside me and they knew what would happen if they crossed me. A few through the years made the attempt, but being bullied most of your life rewards you with the ability to defend yourself quite well. After I set an example out of those who tried the rest of the years at high school went fairly smooth. Unfortunately the same cant be said of my home life, as a young man I argued tirelessly with my mother each and every day, it hurt, I wanted her to change. I wanted to have a happy family, I was passionate, I though if I tried hard enough things would change. Unfortunately they never did, by the end of high school I felt like id lived ten lifetimes. I felt old, tired, burdened by the world that hated me. When I attempted college was when It set in for me that I had crippling depression. I just couldnt keep up, it frustraited me, I was plenty smart enough but I just didnt have the energy. I failed by attendance. I hated myself, I felt like a failure, my family called me a failure. But by then I didnt care anymore, all I ever heard was people putting me down. I didnt even feel the anger anymore, I felt nothing, I have run out of emotion. I tried therapy but unfortunately to recieve medical help you must have money. Those without it are quietly pushed aside and told to find a nice patch of ground and go die. Such is the nature of the world we live in, nobody cares, and if they say they do they are lying. People only take, its what they do, anything else is a ruse to further their agenda. And so here we come to me now, 21, soon to move out and away from my mother and everything forever. But today It fully dawned on me, after another argument with her where she says Ill be an alcoholic and shoves her middle finger in my face screaming like she always has. Even if I do move away and never see her again, will it make a difference? No. The damage to me has been done, I feel nothing anymore. I dont cry, laugh, smile, frown, feel awkard, nothing at all. Ive forgotten what it feels like to feel things. And I dont think ill ever be able to get that back. Nobody will ever love someone who cant love them back. Nobody wants to be friends with someone like that. Most people are probably terrified that ill go on some murder spree. And I could, if I wanted to, it wouldnt bother me at all. But I wont, I see the monster I have become, I see my blank eyes every time I look in the mirror. I see that there is nothing left for me in life, only oblivion. The only benefit to any of this is that it has made me unflinchingly strong, stronger that anyone, but I dont think it was worth the cost. I dont see a purpose on living, when im already mostly dead anyways. So we will see how things go, but I am tired, and I feel I have already lived far too long. 