I don't know if I want to see where my life goes from hereI’m a few months shy of 25. I’m also a virgin, living with my parents, and working as a fucking cashier despite having a college degree. I majored in something fairly useless in college, but I minored in computer science and thought that would help me find something. I spent over a year after college talking to tech recruiters, building my web development portfolio and getting interviews, but ultimately not finding anything. There were times I didn’t do great on an assessment or could pinpoint where an interview went wrong, but even when interviews seemed to go well and I did good on the assessment I’d just not hear back or get the “Oh, yeah, we’re going with someone else” email. It doesn’t seem to matter how much I know about polymorphism or MVC or SQL injections, there’s always someone better.

I don’t even know what to say about my complete failure with the opposite sex. I can look back on some rejections and see where I went wrong, but there’s so many others where things seem to be going well and then I just get ghosted or get a “Oh, yeah, maybe if I’m free” text and just take the hint. I mean, I went to a predominantly female college and I’ve never been kissed. That’s not fucking normal.  I’ve lowered my standards, pursued women I’m not even attracted to and still got blown off.  I have high-functioning autism, so I cut some slack for myself, but I still know other autistic people who’ve had sex and/or relationships. I’ve been working out more, but my arms are still fucking skinny which is another big insecurity. Part of it is that I just don’t like eating very much, which is a whole other can of worms I don’t even feel like detailing. 

There are things that I enjoy in life, I have hobbies and try to focus on things bigger than myself. I’ve been doing standup comedy for a while, and while I have some periodic success, I’ve seen a lot of my peers go further. Part of it is just that the networking and business side can be hard as an autistic person, but I also just go through long stretches of not feeling very funny. 

I’ve been taking Effexor for a few years, it does help and keeps my ideations from getting too vivid, but, like…it can’t change the fact that I’m a fucking loser. It can’t bend reality to grant me more success. I’ve been a loser for the duration of my life thus far, and I just don’t see much changing in the future. 
