Trying to find my placeIm posting this because I find myself thinking about suicide all the time. Im not really in any shit, but Ive become increasingly dissatisfied with my life and myself.

Ill warn you, this will be long and probably boring, but its things that Ive never told anyone. A lot of the information is useless but I just need to get it out of me somehow. I am 18 male and I come from a middle class american family (and a fucked up one at that). Its one of those American Beauty families where everything seems fine, but its really a giant clusterfuck of just... I dont even know. I was enslaved by christianity at birth by my narcissistic pastor dad, who treated my family like shit (of course he was respected in the church). When I came of age and started to understand him, I became extremely introverted and generally cruel to my family. I couldnt speak to them normally, I felt as if I had to hide any emotion I might feel, and speak as plainly and clearly as possible, and not do anything out of the ordinary, and avoid them as much as possible. This worsened and to this day I cant explain why I act like this. Now my parents are happily divorced, I dont speak to my dad and I live with my mom, who has to put up with my horrible attitude. Its such a wierd situation that my explaining cant do it justice.

So basically its like this with my whole family, who think I am a joke because I seem to lack social skills and want to be a musician. So no love there. Never had a girlfriend, cant even say I want one, although I feel that it would help to have something to love and hold onto.

These days my happiness comes when I listen to music. Beautiful music that reminds me of the life I really want to live. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yAxIdkF2Qo If I had no family or friends, I would probably go live in the mountains for the rest of my life. I would live just outside of Gatlinburg, Tennessee in a campground, maybe work until I can build a small cabin up there and grow my own food. Ambitious, I know, but its fun to think about. The idea of escaping my life is intoxicating. I love to sleep and dream, and I spend a lot of time playing Skyrim and other games because it makes me feel separate for a little while.

When depression comes, I start thinking about my place in this world. As if that wasnt challenging enough, then I start to think in terms of the universe. The truth is, nothing would change if I died. In the grand scheme of things, I would be another person out of billions that lived and died, to be buried and reclaimed by the earth, and eventually forgotten. I see myself in a hundred years as a bloated, dark corpse with my face eaten out my maggots, and I wonder, whats the point of doing anything at all if this is my true destiny? I understand that that is a stupid way to look at things, and that there are plenty of sources of joy and meaning in life to be tapped into, but I feel like I dont have access to them. I want to inspire someone, make someone dance and feel that warm joy that makes them so happy they want to cry. I feel as though I cant do this, like I lack the confidence and the individuality to influence someone else.

Im in a band (I would post the link but I would lose anonymity, the band is called Naetiv if you really want to look it up) and it has actually become tedious. I used to love band practice and being able to sit down and write my own parts and fills (I play drums). Now I second guess everything I do, and frankly I think I look like an idiot when I play (stupid I know, but I take it to heart). When I see myself I see an awkward, self-conscious, spineless kid with no originality or vibe, Im pretty sure this is one of the main causes of my depression.

Im sure many of you can relate to the deep, burning sadness that comes in spurts. The one that tears at your soul and physically shakes you. I wish there was an easier way out. If I were to kill myself I would probably tie some cinder blocks to my neck and torso, and jump into the river behind my neighborhood so no one would have to see me. I want to, the only thing keeping me from it is my family and the hope that things will get better, which I will hold onto as long as I can.

Thank you for reading if youve gotten this far. Too much detail, I know. Again this was mostly just a chance for me to finally explain how I really feel. I dont even care if anyone reads it. Respond how you feel Im not really looking for anything specific.