im sending out an SOSno insurance. awaiting final steps get card in mail make payment... have not been told I am for sure going to get insurance. so....

need help. psychotic brain processes urge me to stop breathing. 

lifetime of emotional and verbal abuse. narcissist parents. 

i think many would say im an adult child. am reading book on toxic parents.   feel like my brain is permafucked because my  childhhood and teen years warped my mind into something pathetic. mid 20s were a wash due to medications.  meds help temporary. they just put feelings on pause, make emotions unavailable. 

my family wants to support me but they only do it financially and even then they suck at that. no insurance. have a small list of health problems. i try to care for myself but due to learned helplessness I am failing myself. also sever depression. my family is failing me and i am failing them.
i started crying shortly after i got new shoes. girlfriend paid for them because they were out of my price range. i definitely needed shoes considering ive been wearing slippers. i am reapplying for disability so hopefully that goes through. i hate getting a check for being so fucked up. but. I really really just wish i could have a sugar mamma or somehow have extra money that doesnt require me sacrificing my body so much and just buy a damn insurance plan that would get me mental health coverage and allow me to see a specialist for my body issues. i have asked my family and they ignore my issues. they dont really care. i was the last kid born so they dont give two shits bout me. 

i need weekly therapy sessions. i need a life coach. i need to be in a structured environment with positive people. i need a diet plan. i want to be inpatient for a week or two. maybe a month or two if the place was nice and didnt feel like jail for crazy people.

am pushing 30 and thinking I should get help cause my life boat has been taking on water for a long time and i cant bail water forever i need to get on shore and i am ready to say fuck it give up completely and just watch myself rot.

or i just jump ship and swim and take my chances getting eaten by sharks or swallowed by the sea

i would love to kill myself...but having survived many things I have determined i am indestructable and any method I would choose would only leave me further crippled and cause me more pain. So I'm probably going to ride the obesity wagon into heart attack ville in my mid 30s. 

the thought is maybe some random generous person / company would like to save/ sponsor a random person but I know life does not work that way, hence my suggestion of sugar mamma. i feel like the only great skills i have are sex cooking and playing piano and cleaning.


money will not buy me happiness....but money can pay for things I need that will allow me to live a better, healthier life. like medical specialty items, insurance, doctor visits, a health care plan, a therapist, meds. it makes me cry to think my family is like, oh we pay for that. no. no you dont family... meds and dr visit and specialty thing, yes, but therapist or other things i mention? nope. i guess i am not worthy.

im just gonna keep telling myself it's not my fault and wish for things to improve.

thanks for reading /listening to my rant . 