My suicide noteFor anyone reading this first who doesn’t know me, my name is (blank) and I regret knowing that someone will find me here.
I am sincerely sorry for what this may put you through.
I didn’t think I would be writing a note like this. I’m not particularly ‘depressed’ or sad compared to most at least. I understand my parents and my friends would mostly be wondering “why?” and I understand that this will be asked for some of the remaining years of the lives closest to me. Me writing this is so difficult, me knowing that I acknowledge the suffering this will cause. I suppose I’ve always been selfish. 
I have lived one of the most privileged lives one could hope for and yet I’m still here. These past two years have been the best of my life and even writing this I’m happy.
But I don’t think that sadness is really what has caused this epidemic. At least that’s what I feel.
I think it’s more of just a burn out, a boredom, a lack of will. Imagine a game where you just keep dying, losing everything in the process. Something like that wouldn’t give you or me chronic depression but it would just make us constantly and increasingly more bored a frustrated. Wouldn’t you quit that game? At least that’s my logic. I just want my friends and family to know that I was not suffering, I was happy, I was enjoying life. This was mostly to do with the fact that they were there for me. I love you all so much and I am grateful for everything experience we have had. I am just bored of the minor inconveniences and frustrations of this world. I don’t like how I feel shit when I eat like shit, I hate the fact that sometimes the LEDs don’t come on sometimes on my key board, I don’t like how mayonnaise is in almost every sandwich at every gas station, you get it.
I think that at this point things have gotten so easy that now my primal brain is asking “What now?” And now all I can respond with is  “I guess nothing, let’s try a different game”.
I only ask that 1) This gets shown to those who want to know why I’m doing this (friends and family), and 2) my playlists on Spotify are saved and kept, they’re almost another part of my soul by now so I hope that they can go on.
To my friends, my family, and everyone who knows and have known me, thank you. Every experience with  other human beings have been the source for my happiness. I have made mistakes that have affected others and equally, others have made mistakes that have hurt me. But I regret nothing, I have no hostility or anger in my heart towards anyone. Every little thing I’ve done has been a point at which I look back and reminisce upon. I enjoyed every single step. I hope that those who know me will be slightly more content knowing that if I were to restart my life again with the same experiences, I would not do anything differently.
When I’m gone, take anything from my body that could be used for someone else in need. If there’s anything left, wrap me in a cloth and throw me in a hole in the forest, I wouldn’t be happy knowing the funeral business would get away with another scam.
Mum, Dad, (Listing friends and family), my teachers, any other family, and anyone I’ve missed off, I love you all so much and you have contributed more than you can know for me.
Know that I rest, not suffer. I will be okay.
Thank you.

My Parent’s number: (blank)