My story...Young 30's, a little overweight, the same patterns of self-destructive behavior (I think I'm scared of success and when I'm close to it I always burn bridges and push myself further away and thus, get more depressed)

I'm a handsome enough guy, not to brag, but because of my low self esteem I'm still a virgin.  I work with cute young females (bartend) that are always flirty, but I end up just being a "friend" to them all.   Eventually I'll note how some girl that I have a lot in common with is always complaining about the asshole guys in her life.  I'll make some subtle gesture to her indicating interest and get rejected, then it hits me.... she'd rather be someone elses "second best" or "drunk fuck buddy" than even give me a CHANCE.  Everything that she hates about other guys is STILL better than anything I can offer.  I get stuck in this loop and usually I'll say something ot her about it, in a rude-asshole way, and then I'm too embarassed to even see her again or any of her friends.  I've literally had to leave a number of jobs where I was a awesome worker with tons of friends because I'll make one mistake and everyone will know what a pathetic creepy weirdo I am underneath my well-honed ability to be normal.

So then I'm sitting there looking at my guns... just thinking that after 32 years of failing at everything I do, even when given the best of opportunities, I'm still a loser. No degree, no friends, no one to talk to, no family to talk to... even when I'm hanging out with other guys that I know think hihgly of me I'm so nervous and anxious that I make it awkward.  

I think that the issue comes from not being given enough real love and encouragement growing up.  I wasn't physically abused and I had lots of opportunities presented to me, each time I ended up fucking it up.  private school after private school, everything, I just never have successfully DONE something.  So now I have this incredibly low self worth and I act like a joker all the time, people laugh and hang out with me, but it never turns into a real relationship because I can't see someone genuinely wanting to talk with me, because I really have no positive virtues.

And I think how the pain will continue... no matter where I go, here I am.  Across the country, the world, it's the same thing.  Too nervous to make friends and since I have no friends I have no support group.

I just think that I'm so repulsive and gross that I'm beyond repair.   I work in a high-risk job (not bartending obviously) and I found myself talking with family making sure that, among other things, my dog will be taken care of if "anything happens to me".    The one single reason I haven't killed myself yet, when I'm at the most depressed of times, is because I really love spending time with my dog and I doubt that he'll be taken care of as well as I do if I do something like killing myself.

I'm not old by any means, but I know that I've lived out the best part of my life, and it wasn't great at all.  I've never had intimacy wth another person, never been trusted by another person, and in the past five years I don't think that I've even kissed a girl.

I'm just wondering if one day the desire to make all of the pain stop will be greater than my desire to keep my father from feeling sadness about how I turned up and how I ended everything.