I don’t really have any reason left to live [19F]
I’ve been sad for so long now. But no matter how hard I try, I can’t figure out why. I have a good home life. I don’t get bullied. I don’t have “struggles”. I’m just not happy. I started cutting when I was 13 and for a while, I was able to hide it.  Unfortunately, I wasn’t careful enough and my parents found out. Needless to say, they were upset. My dad got mad and my mom got worried. They put me in therapy and all I can think about is the fact that they’re spending money on me all because I’m too weak to deal with problems like everyone else. I’m still on their insurance so all the medicine that I’m on, comes out of their paycheck. 

I’m such a burden to every single person around me. I lose friends because I isolate myself and eventually they give up trying to help me. Then, I have the nerve to feel sorry for myself. Im the reason I’m lonely. I’m the one who’s a burden to others. Why should I be allowed to wallow in my own self pity?

I’ve started talking to this guy who’s so fucking sweet and he’s always there for me. He struggles with depression as well. The difference however, is that his dad passed away three years ago.  He’s actually dealt with bad shit and he’s putting things aside to help me. 

I’m home from my first year in college and honestly I think that was the first time I realized how much it physically hurts to be lonely. I only made one friend the entire year and back in November, she tried to kill herself. I was so worried about her and I feel so selfish because I was scared that if I lost her, I’d lose my only friend. 

I don’t understand why anybody cares for me. I don’t get it. I’m not worth it and any time people put into me is really just a wast of their time. I’m selfish and worthless and needy. I just hate myself so much and I can’t stand the thought of being a burden to people. 

I feel so selfish. I take people’s time. I take their energy. I’m an absolute wast of space. I don’t deserve to be alive. 

I don’t know why I can’t fix myself. I don’t know what my purpose is. I don’t even think I have one. I don’t think I’m gonna kill myself because I don’t have the guts to do it. But fuck. Sometimes I wish I would just keel over and die. No pain. No conflict about whether or not I should. No fear of doing it wrong. No one to be mad at me for being selfish. I’d just be gone. Not a burden to anyone. It would be so much easier that way.