My life is going good but I'm very suicidal at the moment and closer to it than I ever wasA bit about my medical history:

I started showing depressive and self destructive behaviour at around 15 (now 28).

I never talked to anyone about it and not very people noticed it, until I finally gathered the courage to see a therapist at about 22.
After months of therapy and countless sessions with our countries best psychiastrists, they all concluded that I could try meds.

I was opposed to it but the psychiatrists were kind of convincing and well, they are trained professionals. And when I talk about a few doctors, I'm talking about 7 different ones.

I started on SSRI's, and eventually I ended up on sipralexa after several years and it helped. I, as most people on here, have had their separate relationships with benzos.

I've also been on seroquel for a few years but got off it quite well, very very slow but it worked.

I had a lot of relationships in between these years with girls that were actually very understanding and never judged me.

The only one opposed was my mom (very typical I know) but she kept on insisting that I that destroyed myself with alcohol during my uni time. Hell, she probably was right because I drank a lot, and still drink quite a lot but have it really under control.

In fact, I have the best therapist ever, who even helped my relationship with my mom.

Currently, I'm engaged, and although I have financial fears because it will be expensive, my parents will help. Even if they have to pay everything and we will pay it off to them.

But recently something changed. We went on holiday to Crete and I haven't been the same since. Nothing seems to interest me, I don't give a shit about everything. Every day I drive to work I want to drive into a tree and be dead immediately.

I know I have no fucking reason. Even financially it's kind of hard (although I make a lot of money as a financial consultant and make money on the side as a web developer so money is no issue), but I'm so fucking tired of it all.

tl;dr My life is on rails, which I always wanted. But I really want to end it all. And I'm afraid I will do it suddenly without thinking.

I don't know what to do, I just feel life is too demanding. I have the best job, the best friends, the best fiancee, an awesome family, no financial worries and everything is like people would really want.

But I can't handle it anymore. Please help guys