I can't live without himI don't really know why I am here. I guess I have just reached the end of what I can cope with. I'm pretty messed up, have numerous mental illnesses and suffer from PTSD. I sometimes struggle to make it through the day even when I'm happy. The voices in my head and my hallucinations become too painful. I never thought I could be loved by someone, and I never thought I'd be able to make myself vulnerable. But then I met the most perfect person I could have imagined. We fell madly in love, and, while it was a struggle sometimes, and we went through so many challenges, we had three happy years together. The future that we were planning together was the only thing that could break me out of cycles of looking back and see past the things that were destroying me from within. 

We were a distance relationship, and didn't get much time together. His parents hated me, didn't trust me due to my mental conditions, and they hated the fact that he was gay, so they worked to keep us apart, threatening to cut off the money they were helping him through his schooling with. Then one day, we messaged each other to say goodnight, and that was the last I heard of him. It has been nearly six months. He has posted on socials, but ignored my messages. I can imagine a situation where his parents gave him an ultimatum, but it seems more likely that for some reason I don't know or understand, he stopped loving me. Now without that future together, my life is spiralling out of control. I stopped eating for two weeks, but then my doctors forced me to start again. I can't get myself out of bed to do work. My medication doesn't seem to stop the voices as effectively. I can't be bothered to shower or shave, I can't bear to speak to my family or friends. I'm convinced that everything I do is making him hate me. I'm convinced that he's spying on my internet traffic and has seen me search for suicide solutions, or has seen me ignoring emails from my doctors and my university, and is angry with me. 

I don't know what is worse, not knowing why he suddenly stopped loving me, or having this tiny glimmer of hope that he might come back. If I didn't have the hope, at least I could just die and stop the pain.