Angry, frustrated and hopelessI've been diagnosed with depression for 3 or 4 years now. I'm 16, turning 17 at the end of the year. And I want to end it all. I'm angry all of the time. I get frustrated really easily and just feel hopeless. 

I changed schools in the middle of the school year and I am now in a school where I have more friends than in my previous one, but I still feel so lonely. It feels kinda dumb to be somebody's "bestfriend" but then they ignore you at school, never reply to your texts.. And when you tell them that hey, I'm not ok, I need my friend and I need someone to talk to, they suddenly care again. If he did care about me, he would've noticed that I've started harming myself again and that I am feeling more down than before. 

About my bestfriend.. and my friendgroup. They are the reason why I haven't killed myself yet. I still want to believe that they care about me, but it just doesn't always seem like it. Everytime they see me, they act like they care. But if they did, they would keep contact with me, ask how I'm doing and if I want to talk about something. Of course I also need to keep contact with them, but they KNOW that I hate texting people first, I hate talking about my problems and that I'm actually really fucking shy. So the fact that they get angry at me everytime I don't know how to respond to their questions breaks me.

I started self harming when I was 13 I guess. I continued cutting myself for a year and then just quit it. I had over a year break from cutting but at the end of summer 2019 I just had a breakdown. It was at the same time the best and worst summer in my life. I started to cut again and I had the courage to cut deeper.. as disgusting as it sounds. Now I have scars that I don't know will ever heal and they are in places that people can see (but my parents are dumb and they haven't noticed anything). When I told about my cutting to my bestfriend, he just called me a fucking idiot. I sent him a text "I hate going to hospitals because I don't want the doctors to see my scars and ask about them" and he just answered "Have you fucking idiot cut your leg?". It hurt me and I wanted to delete all of the texts and just make him forget everything. One funny thing, I couldn't do it, because I was crushing on him really hard. After we talked about it for a while, he "promised" to help me. Which was a fucking lie, ok. I had one bad day, ONE bad day when I didn't go to school and I didn't have the energy to do anything. And when he asked if I could do some school work at home, I just answered no. And guess what he said? "If you are not going to even try why aren't you just giving up? I can't help you if you don't want to be helped". He literally BROKE MY HEART. And I sent him a text that I apologized for the next day, because I realized that what I said was mean. I said "Since it's easy for you to let go of people, I have now one person less to live for". And I fucking cried. I cried because I thought I had lost him. We did actually make up and we were fine with what had happened and he said that he was sorry and that he wants to help me. And I let him. It did help me to get a little happier. But you can't cure depression. The problem is in my brain, you can't fix it.

My parents don't actually care about me. I mean.. If they did, they would've noticed that I have changed into a more sensitice and angry person.. I am not anymore that nice social kid who used to be almost every teachers favorite. I'm not good at school - never have been. But they don't notice how I struggle. Guess I'm just good at lying. My mom used to beat me up when I was younger. She would grab my arm and squeeze so hard that her nails were causing my arm to bleed. She hit me and kicked me. My dad never did anything like that, he was usually the one to kind of save me from the situations. My mom is a heavy drinker and I fucking hate it. I have lost all respect towards my parents and I don't care about tem, just like they don't care about me. And that is one of the reasons why I want to die. Because I am not loved.

I usually self harm when I am angry. Angry that I did or said something, angry because I failed at something or something like that. And nobody seems to get it.. Everyone thinks that I self harm because I'm sad. No. I'm angry. Frustrated.. and sometimes sad. "Well if you're not feeling sad then how can you be depressed?" Yes I have heard that comment before. And I haven't replied to it, because the person who asked me that, wouldn't have understood me. 

When I think about killing myself, I always imagine doing it by cutting my veins.. or jumping off a bridge. But then I see my friends. I don't want to make them sad. But if I keep living like this, I don't know what the fuck to do. I'm probably going to end up isolated from my friends if something doesn't happen.. suicide or a huge change that turns my life around.. And like I said, you can't cure depression. It's true. But you can make it easier.. And I just want to find something that makes it easier to get through this, but I just want to give up. If I can't be fixed, why the hell am I still living?

I know that this is messy and all, but I hope that y'all get the point and understand my situation..