Everything sucksThis is probably gonna be long, and a huge ramble so strap yourselves in if you're gonna read the whole thing.

For the majority of my child hood I can remember life being pretty shitty, back then it didn't seem so bad because I was a child and I thought what I was going through was just normal, basically didn't know any better like most kids. Life was shitty as a child, I remember just always being scared of my Father, between the ages of about 5-8 I never actually tried to commit suicide but I thought about it a lot, I also thought about running away a lot. I also had a lot of anger management problems as a child, most likely from observing my Fathers behavior. I guess what scared me the most was just the fact that I was so small, and my Dad could get sooo loud and so just terrifying, aside from that he also had an interesting approach to discipline, I can remember him tying mine and my older brothers wrists to our ankles and him making us kneel on only our knee caps, on hard macaroni noodles on a hard wood floor till we had macaroni shaped bruises on our knee caps. Or him stuffing socks in our mouths and putting duck tape around our heads, aside from these strange methods it never really got to "physical" I guess you could say, hitting never went beyond spankings. From memory I think the most horrifying moment I remember of my father was when I was about 4, and my brother was 7. If I recall correctly me and my bro were playing and I had accidentally gotten hurt, when I went to my father for aid, he mistook what I said, and because of what I said my dad pushed my older brother down the stairs, then went down himself picked him up and threw him at a wall about 8 or so feet away, I guess that is pretty terrible though &lt;_&lt;

I know a lot of people would probably say my dad seems like a pretty terrible person, not the best father out there, but who can blame him I mean his father left his family when my dad was 4 years old, my dad has 6 other siblings, and their dad just left in the middle of the night with out saying anything to any of them.

As far as school as a child goes, like elementary school, well school was alright. I'd say in elementary I'd average somewhere between a B+ and A student, and I didn't try very hard at all.

Now take my I don't give a fuck attitude that I've developed as a child and take it to high school, well I never really tried at all throughout all of high school, the only course I ever failed was my mandatory second language course, never seemed to have a nack for language, even english and its the only thing I speak! In the beginning, so throughout grade 9 and 10 I took academic level courses, my friends were close knit I wasn't very popular but w/e I didn't give a fuck, grade 11 I started taking a few college level courses, keeping only the subjects that I cared about or were just blindly easy anyways as academic, and by grade 12 when I still had no idea what I wanted to do with my life career wise and giving less and less of a fuck about just about everything I changed all my courses to college level. Near the end of grade 12 in a desperate attempt to make some effort into finally having a normal life, I started pursuing a career in cooking, becoming a chef that was my goal. I picked this simply because I didn't know what I wanted to do, but I knew I loved to eat food, so why not get a job where I worked with it. I took an extra year of high school to start an apprenticeship, I didn't need to though I had graduated in 4 years, I just figured taking an extra year while I did my apprenticeship would be a good way of easing into the career, seeing if I really liked it etc etc.

So after completing an oyap program, and doing co-op at a very prestigious restaurant which shall go nameless for now, but I will say that they are ranked within the top 100 restaurants of the entire world just to give a little bit of perspective on how seriously I was taking this, because I did, and still do enjoy cooking, tits I have come to the conclusion that I can't make a career out of it though, the plain and simple fact of that being the pay is shit, and its one of the most stressful jobs in the world.

And so now we get to the now in my life, which is the reason why I am posting here I suppose. After all the BS I put up with from my father, after all the BS my entire family has put up with from my father, my mom has come to me and told me she is going to be getting a divorce as soon as possible which has put a lot of tension in the air at my house, the only people who don't know are some extended family and friends, and my younger sister.

I don't know how to explain it but everything about my life just feels like shit, I feel like I myself am a complete failure, I mean I'm almost 21 years old and I still live at home, I'm in debt a little bit (to my parents though big fucking woop) I have no idea what I want to go to school for, but I feel almost as if I should just pick something, anything and get a loan and move out, I feel like my home is the place that makes me feel like shit, I feel like all my problems stem from my parents unstable marriage.

I started smoking cigarettes when I was 17, I ass started smoking because I felt it got me to be more social, there's a smoker, hey I'm a smoker we'll both go have a smoke and a conversation. For 2.5 years I was a very heavy smoker, for the past couple months I've had to cut back though, 1 smoke every 4-5 days or so because I don't have a job anymore because I lost my vehicle to old age, er I should say I lost my parents spare vehicle, which left me vehicle-less. Tits for a little over a year now I have also been smoking very large quantities of marijuana every day, every single god damn day I smoke weed and I like it A LOT, unfortunately my parents are very against marijuana another problem which just adds to my stress.

So for the past couple months now life has just gone on, I feel useless, like theres no point in carrying on. Most of my days are just spent sleeping or laying in bed because I don't see the use of bothering to get up anyways. If I do get up I go to my friends house and just smoke pot all day, and if I do manage to get up and can't go to my friends to smoke pot then I'm either reading or playing video games to try and just piss away the time because I have nothing better to do.

Any time I've ever been happy its because I've been actively doing something, just any form of work really seems to do the trick, but now I just don't see the point in trying at all.

TLDR - as a child had a very verbally and somewhat physically abusive father, didnt give a fuck about school, done school now see no future why not off myself?
