Clean Departure : Why so difficult?I want to die honorably. I don't want to make any more frustrating attempt. I don't want to die with blood spills and abandoned body parts. They are ugly and creates a mess for others to clear. If I die in my room, the room will become morbid and the next tenants will have to deal with the horror stories.

I want to die outdoors in an abandoned woods. Under open sky. No mess around. I want to die with quick poison. I wanted to use gun, but procuring it seemd difficult. A quick powerful poison that finishes off things in few minutes. That's it. No blood spilling - no mess. The ants,
insects and animals will nibble away the flesh and the bones will wither into the soil. I want to say goodbye to my family and friends saying I am leaving the world. I hope they understand that it is nothing to do with anyone or anything.

It's just that for a long time I have believed that I am a misfit in this world. This world is very different from my perception of how life should be. From my perspective, I find here everything odd, sadistic and cruel. I have no interest in anything. It's nice to see people enjoying life and having some objective to live. I have none. I have been trying my best to find belongingness with this world, but nothing interests me.

I wish our world accepts the fact that certain people wish to leave and their exit should be
treated as a personal wish. What am I adding to anyone's life by being alive? Living each day is like a struggle. How long can you walk an aimless path with not a pinch of interest? I think I lived my life within the first 14-15 years of my life. Post that, everything has been boring and drab. People found interests, dreams, passions and began pursuing it. They had some reason to live. I never found any, and whatever I tried my hands on, did not interest me for long.

It's a hollow existence.

I don't say world is bad. I say I don't belong here. I just want to exit. How I wish I can honorably say everyone that I wish to leave, have a farewell and then go away to woods to die. No surprises, no mess, no blood, no shock to anyone. I would be helped to get the best poison and then end my life happily. Wouldn't it be alright?