this is the first time i speak about my life without my doctor.please listen...Hi guys! i am new to Reddit and Suicidal watch. please be gentle... I apologize,if i said something wrong or shouldn't have said..please advise me,so that i can learn how to make it better or don't do it anymore...

...So here is my life resume: When i was 8 months of age i would do puzzles with so many patience that my mother was surprised every time. And i learned how to use forks and spoons to eat, before the "natural time" and my mother said that i did it alone. But my teachers didn't accept that, they toke my "tools" away from me and said to eat with my hands like the other children.I was abused sexually when i was 5 years old :( and almost drowned to death in a pool when i was 7:(...i don't.... see these "experiences" has negative but a learning... process.when i was 20 years old i started to feel like something was wrong in my head,skull pressure and unconscious actions...so i decided to call for professional help, before i would hurt someone or my self... i don't know how to put this...but i am always having ideas in my head,like in minutes or seconds every day...and it wont stop. I even have headaches and sometimes have suicidal thoughts but i don't have the will to do it.Sometimes i can feel insanity coming in but shes only smiling at me, not coming for me...i was Diagnosed with Schizo typical personality...he,my doctor, even said that i am one of those type of persons that, if in a room alone with a piece of paper and a pencil,can make a master piece,like a best seller book.not trying to be arrogant or anything, i really think,i cant do it...but these existential ideas and the fact that in conversations i cant...motivate or make people interested in me.makes me feel like i am alone :(...i have a few friends that sometimes don't understand me...and i try and try and try to explain my self, and they listen,they do.But my brains stops and doesn't work and i cant explain my self better:(... i am alone in a room and no one can hear me :(....its like I have a different sound of voice...in another tone, that doesn't exist in the human voice...

i also want to appreciate the Suicidal Watch creators that had this brilliant and humane idea of creating this...virtual help.And also i´ll try to help someone in need of course, with the rules of the law instate in suicidal watch rules and rights list(witch i have to read again). i will listen...have a nice day everyone.