Today's my birthday.I've posted here before but didn't get any comments or anything so I figured I'd try again before I get so far that I can't pull back.

I have several chronic illnesses, including Lupus, that severely impact my quality of life. I just finished my second semester of my freshman year a few days ago and ended up failing my courses because my health got so bad. While at school, I met an amazing boy whom I love dearly, and fit in well with his family. I ended up staying the night for the last 2-3 weeks with his family for the semester because I loved being there. I never really got along with my parents well, so in my mind, I basically kind of replaced them with his family.

Fast forward to now. I'm back at home, somewhere that is nothing but bad memories for me, and away from my boyfriend and his family. They say they're just a call away since I'm not there anymore, but it doesn't help. They were my safe place. My mom recently found out how much time I've been spending with them, and has told me that once my boyfriend goes to medical school (and since I'll most likely be a college dropout/failure), he will leave me behind and also that I'll never fit in with his family.

Between my three homes, my real home, my boyfriends family, and my college dorm, I don't belong anywhere anymore. I have no future prospects now with no hope of gaining any. I have no place where I can be. I don't know what to do. I've been suffering from depression since I was 13. I thought as I aged, it'd get better. I figured it was just high school shit that was bringing me down, besides my illness (I was diagnosed at 13). 

But now I'm at the end of my rope. I've tried 4 therapists now. Antidepressants. I've selfharmed. I made a promise to my boyfriend not to do anything to myself since I started dating him 6 months ago, but I don't think I'm strong enough to hold that promise. I think it's time I let go of everything and embraced the inner selfish asshole that I am and ended it. I have plenty of medicine, 3 months worth of the prescription, sitting on a nearby table, waiting. 

I don't know what else to do. I'm only posting here as one last attempt. If this doesn't work, I guess there's nothing left.