I’m scared of therapy and medication because I don’t know if I will be the sameIn my small town I’ve had experience with 2 therapists.  However I did not go because of depression, I was looking to get ADHD meds because I was convinced I was actually had it, and I wanted it for work.  

The first one I went to seemed pretty skeptical about my intentions, I also said too much to classify me as not depressed but called me emotionally numb.  He prescribed me Wellbutrin, and I had 2 more sessions with him.  

I took it because he said it would help with adhd,  even though I wanted adderall.  

When I took it I didn’t feel like myself, I felt like I was a different person with different passive thoughts.  I normally think very logically about every single thing, but I was unable to process things logically and overacted to small inconsequential things.  

I was going to tell him all this, but on the third session he was late by 40/60 minutes and then just told me to come back next week, but he still billed me for the entire session.  That was pretty off-putting so I canceled it entirely and tried my luck at someone else. 

The second one I went to could barely speak English, but I didn’t care I just wanted drugs.  I learned my lesson from the first one and didn’t get into any red flags that would signal depression so I just talked about being distracted.  I was able to get the adderall pres I wanted, but I had a weird stomach ulcer thing before I was able to take it, spent a few months bedridden/hospital and forgot about the whole thing after.  

That was about 3 years ago.  Main topic, after reflecting what the first therapist said I think I am emotionally numb.  I do feel emotions, but it takes a lot more than most.  Like to feel happiness or joy I need to go on roller coasters, I don’t get scared of scary stories or haunted houses, it takes a lot to make me laugh, to cry I need to watch those series of clips like “most emotional scenes ever” on YouTube.  One thing I don’t have a problem with is anger or irritated, I often get angry at people (but not expressing the anger).  People often called me poker face or angry stoner (I don’t smoke weed).  

**For others that have taken depression meds, were you able to keep your identity?  Did you feel normal and happy with your life after?**

Im actually a little glad I can process most things with little emotion because that makes me the most level headed person in the vicinity to come up with solutions for work.  
I’m afraid that if I become not emotionally numb my emotions will control my life like normal people and I can no longer think logically about different scenarios and aspects of life.  

Also fuck Wellbutrin, ever since I took that drug I am sensitive to artificial white light and can’t walk in a Walmart or use a computer without sunglasses or those stupid orange gaming glasses.