29/m and stuck, don't know what else to do**I have posted the following to INeedToTalkToSomeone, but activity there is very slow. I've taken my original post from there along with some of my comments addressing what other users said to me, and combined them all into a single post.

I have been stuck living on the floor of my little brother's room in my parents' apartment for the last 6 years.

I graduated art school in 2006 and have never been able to find a full-time job in my field, no matter how hard I try.

I cannot afford to move out, despite his hard I look on craigslist for roommates.

I clearly don't relate to anyone in my town, as I have not been able to meet people who are like me.

I have anxiety, depression, OCD, trichotillomania, AvPD, body dysmorphia, dermatillomania, BPD, and probably Bipolar and some form of Asperger's.

I have been to the E.R. three times last year due to suicide ideation.

I have tried the following for my mental illnesses and loneliness:

-Therapists
-Psychiatrists
-Medication
-Meditation group
-Social anxiety support group
-Crisis hotlines
-NAMI
-CBT
-DBT group
-CoDA
-Employee assistance program
-An inpatient-type program called ADAPT here in the state of Washington

I spent money to run 3 meetup groups on meetup.com for foreign languages and drawing, and they have proven to be total wastes of time and money.

I have never had a real relationship, other than a "casual" relationship I had for a month with someone a few years ago.

I hate single. I hate being alone. I hate how little my efforts are acknowledged. I hate people belittling my needs. I hate being manipulated and talked down to when I express to people what things I'm struggling with.

I need help. Actual help. I need help finding roommates, roommates who are like me, roommates who would be a good fit.

I need a full-time job, preferably in my field, which would be anything computers and art. The fact that I'm 29 and working part-time in fast-food makes me want to kill myself, but all the other stuff makes me wanna kill myself too.

I even have a hard time relating to others who have mental illnesses, because many of them prefer being alone and not being in relationships and going out. Not me. I NEED that stuff. Human needs, yo.

I don't know where else to turn anymore. My parents literally don't care. I've told them about my suicide ideation for years. They don't care.

I can't go back to school. I defaulted on my student loans years ago, and my credit is shit.

I can't join the military because I was disqualified when I tried doing so 6 years ago, due to a bodily condition I was born with.

I hate being alone, I hate being single, I hate having no IRL friends where I am. I hate going to the bar by myself in efforts to force myself to be social, all to no avail.

I don't know what else to do.

I can't be alone in this world anymore. I'm not living till 30 if this keeps up.

Things need to change, and they need to change now.

I've heard blanket compliments so many times by now that I don't know how I'm supposed to respond. I need positive reinforcement in real life. Getting generic "I love you"s and "you are special"s and "you are on earth for a PURPOSE... to fulfill your DESTINY!!!"s doesn't address anything I'm going through.

People tell me things like "think about all the things and experiences in life you'll miss out on if you end it all now," and I'm like, yea, that's just it: I'm trapped in a prison that is my brother's room, and I can't experience those things... Hence, my wanting to kill myself. I don't know why people don't grasp this.

I already have been doing daily exercise for the past year and a half.

And since appearance was commented on... yes, I try my best, and still never get it right.

No matter what clothing I buy, no matter how I groom my beard and style my hair, no matter how much I try to practice my facial expressions in the mirror and in real life... it's never right.

I'm never going to get it right. Unless I have real-life friends who physically say and demonstrate (for example) "do this," "don't do that," "walk like this," "smile like that," "don't stand in such-and-such a way," "use this kind of voice instead of that one," etc., I'm never going to get it right. I've tried for years and years and years and years and years, since my teens, to get things right. To be comfortable in my own body. To "be myself." But it's never right. It's always off, or odd, in people's eyes. Surely you'd think "oh after so many years of trying and practicing , one's bound to get it right." Nope. Not me.

And btw I have asthma, so I can't run or jog at all. Hell, walking up hills or inclines... even walking a few blocks to my work... is killer on my legs and feet. So I can't do any kind of cardio.

I've already gone to a physical therapist, and it was not at all helpful. I paid for expensive shoes and in-soles, which do not help whatsoever, and I was doing daily exercise and specifically leg stretches long before I even saw the physical therapist and tried his recommended stretches.

Yes, the "improve your appearance" shtick is hard for anyone to dismiss... I mean, the benefits! Self-esteem! People will find you attractive! Etc. But it's very problematic, because it raises more questions about what exactly it means to "be oneself." Bottom line: Taking care of one's appearance is important—and I've already been trying to do that in a multitude of ways, for *YEARS*—but if one can't reach the absolute pinnacle of attractiveness, both in terms of appearance and personality... it means that they're destined to be alone, because of their setbacks/mental illnesses/physical ailments/lack of fashion sense/not sexy enough of a voice? People shouldn't have to strive to be something they can't be, lest they don't find love. Everyone is worthy of love, and yes, one's behaviors can certainly sabotage their ability to find success with being appealing in the eyes of other human beings, e.g. being constantly rude service industry staff, never showering, being loud and obnoxious in public places... but if one is a decent person, they should be able to find love and a social circle, whatever their flaws or setbacks.