Please... I need some advice for how to not hate myself...Disclaimer, I don't think I'm like actively suicidal. I feel like I'm not capable of pulling the trigger myself so to speak (yay gallows humor).  I just haven't felt this awful in a long time and this seems like the best /r to ask for help with severe depression and related mental health.

Also, throwaway account.  Also obviously there's some details missing so that this isn't a novel but I tried to hit everything relevant.

Where to begin...  I think I'm one of those people who was born already missing my serotonin and the current state of the USA is absolutely not helping it at all.  My whole life I have been extremely dysfunctional, between severe ADHD goldfish brain giving me no grasp on time management or focus and my anxieties exploding my emotions all over the place and my obsessive inability to restrain precision making me suuuper slooow at everything and my autistic social ineptitude making everyone extra done with me.  My parents weren't the worst, but they have narcissistic tendencies and drank the Boomer Kool-Aid regarding child care so my difficulties were met with authoritarianism.  Few brief efforts were made to teach me the critical skills other kids seem to pick up on their own, instead I was constantly punished for failing.  Middle school, between my struggles getting homework done and the bullying I was at one of my lowest points ever in my life.  ADHD meds didn't help either.  I cried myself to sleep a lot, when I did manage to fall asleep.

Things got a little better when we moved yet again and this time I found friends instead of bullies.  I got more lenient teachers who understood I was smart but struggling.  This did not last long, because as time went on expectations rapidly outpaced what my raw intelligence could compensate.  I almost didn't graduate high school on time because of trouble completing some essays.  I lost my full-ride college scholarship because I couldn't manage my studying at all.  I also was beginning to feel increasingly trapped by my overbearing parents who seemed convinced my difficulties and position as "their child" meant I was supposed to tell them everything and always obey them.  To top it off I was finally shaking off the fog of my conservative upbringing once I gained access to more internet and education.  (Oh yeah I didn't have any real internet access until like senior year of high school...)

During the couple short years in college and for a couple years after dropping out, I tried getting various jobs to see if I could build any kind of income.  I worked as a lube tech at Jiffy Lube for $7.25 part-time, got fired for struggling to clock in on the dot.  I worked as a lube tech at a dealership for $9-something, got stressed and anxious and dented a couple cars in the hectic environment, got shunted to detail, worked too slow and dented a couple more cars and got fired.  I worked at the local zoo in a kitchen, met a machine repair guy and got a job for him for a whopping $10.00/hr.  Eventually quit the zoo job that had me scream-crying on the way home daily to commit to machine repair.  Few months later the small shop couldn't afford to keep me.  More time passes, I get a job repairing upholstery also at $10.00 and then stumbled into a job teaching swim lessons nearby too.  Eventually got fired from upholstery repair for being too slow.  Thought I was good on the swim job but then my idiot no-filter autistic mouth said a couple things that offended a couple customers and my boss's boss fired me.  NONE OF THESE JOBS LASTED ME MORE THAN 6 MONTHS OR MADE ME MORE THAN $10/HR.  And I could barely handle my short 25-30 hr work weeks.

It should also be noted that I went through a similar volume of various therapists trying to get better at adulting.  I... got a little bit better at coping, but not much else.  At some point I found out all those ADHD meds I had been taking, my liver never actually processed the stimulants!  So I got on a more helpful medicine set and that helped a bit.

Sometime before the swim job I started going out with a guy who made me feel more motivated and adult than I ever had in my life.  I was... 23yo at that point.  He gave me a place to live that wasn't with my smothering parents who made me feel infantile and filled the house with aggression.  Not being around my depressed-narcissist mother especially was super good for my mental health.  Months go by, I'm mostly moved in with him.  After a year of this he has enough money to buy a new house and we fully move in together (with trusted roomies).  This was really helpful for both of us, as where he was living wasn't great for him either.

Fast forward a year later.  I'm the most productive I have ever been in my life!  But it's so much less than everyone else.  Our roommates and my boyfriend are so frustrated by my lack of contribution.  With my parents, all I could manage was my own laundry.  Now I also do the bulk of our house's grocery trips and kitchen scrubbing, cooking often, and I'm barely making my bouncy-ball brain do some studying.  (My bf desires to see me succeed in a higher-tier job and is helping me study coding and computer IT at home.  I'm decent at doing it but terrible at focusing on it.)

Every day I have to fight past my self-hatred to get out of bed and keep fighting to stay out of bed.  I'm worrying my antidepressant isn't working anymore like my last one suddenly did on me.  I'm not far enough along in my studies to get a well-paying job yet.  Disability welfare in this country is a JOKE and would prevent me from any higher aspirations.  My roommates say the last few times I drove them around in my currently-degrading state of mind I made driving errors that make them not trust me.  I STILL struggle to be on time to anything so nobody trusts me on that either.  I can't seem to keep a normal day-night sleep cycle, but I also can't get ANYTHING useful done on an inverse night-day sleep cycle.  On top of it all I can't seem to stick to any of the fun sport clubs I have been part of in the past so I can't seem to keep myself exercising, which is of course one of the often-suggested tips for depression.

It's gotten to a point where despite having improved so much at life skills, here I am 25yo and I feel like I did in middle school again.  Completely hopeless, hating myself on a daily basis, feeling like just a burden.  But me hating myself stresses my bf out, making him hurt, which makes me feel even more worthless.  He's also super stressed from working a job he hates to make enough money to support us.  He convinced me to uninstall Netflix from my phone so I have less distractions, but I had a super hard time doing it so that annoys him too.  The things I'm already good at like making/fixing stuff with my hands or helping little kids, without any time-management or a degree of some kind I can't get or keep any GOOD job.

I don't want this to keep getting worse and reach a point where I DO try something bad...  Right now it feels like I'll hurt people less if I somehow vanish because then eventually they'd move on, vs right now I actively cause problems...  I'm gonna be talking to my amazing doc about this and finding yet another new therapist to try.  But I figured... maybe someone here can give me some other useful advice to keep me from secretly hoping I get Covid-19 and maybe my asthma will make me one of the unlucky ones lol...