So I think this is the year that I can finally see this through and I'm quite excited at the prospect of losing consciousness forever.Work allowed me to take half a month off last December expecting I can sort most of the issues I've been dealing with. I've spent most of it indoors doing absolutely nothing but sleep, eat a bit, read, repeat. There were times I refused to eat properly (sugar though, can't live without candy) and times I neglected the state of my flat and my overall hygiene. Whatever. No one cares.

2020 arrived and I've yet to report to work on time. It's February. I'm consistently 1-3 hours late. Absent for half of the day. Sometimes I don't bother to show up at all. My boss understands my situation, but his patience will run out sooner or later. I'm waiting for him to fire me, then I suppose I'll be waiting for my savings to run out so I can get kicked out of my flat. And starve. At least I get to achieve my weight loss goals that way? Lol

I don't really want to talk to or see my friends. I've blown them off too many times, and I've lost a lot of people (in the span of a decade) because of depression. I wish some of them would stop calling me, asking me how I am, for I just want to be left alone. My therapist has been making things incredibly difficult for me by forcing my tiny arse off the bed to hang out with folks. Pretending to be waggish and cheerful is exhausting. I offer them drivel and white lies, yeah, no malice but they are lies still. Honestly, I want to cancel all my future social engagements but I really don't want to hurt anyone's feelings if I can avoid it. It's never about them, it's me. Just so you know my friend, if you're reading this, stop feeling sorry for yourself. You probably suck, but I'm perfectly fine with your awfulness. I'm more terrible, if it's any consolation?

I don't mind dying anymore. I don't care how it happens. I don't care how anyone will feel about it. Well, to be more truthful, I hope no one gives two shits. I don't mind anyone not going to my funeral. I wish my family won't hold one. Donate my body to science or whatnot. Throw my possessions away, sell them, do what you have to do. In case it wasn't obvious, I'm not particularly troubled with reputation and legacy post-mortem. How could I when I'm no longer around, lmao. 

Anyone can say whatever they feel compelled to say. I'm unconcerned with my browsing history and my spending habits alongside a mountain of dung everyone discovers about me. I don't have time to write anyone goodbye letters. I've been pretty transparent for the most part, so.

In fact I can gladly admit that a) I've looked into some depraved stuff and b) I'm broke to humour anyone right now. Unconcerned with the positive bits about me as well. So what I've done something good more than once? I'm not impressed, and I don't think anyone should.

It's great not to have a SO right now. No one deserves to be left behind alone when they've found the one. It's also great to be at odds with my family. Not your fault, mum and dad. I take ownership over my life changing decisions. I'm 28 years old, not a kid who doesn't know any better.

And death is the best option. No life, no problems.

I don't think anything can provide me any relief, and I've tried self-help, therapy, whatever crutch there is available out there... We're going to try meds next month, but I'm pretty sure I'll abuse the hell out of it because I have APD. Maybe I'll die overdosing on serotonin/dopamine medication.

What a funny way to die.