feel like a failure, suicidalI failed uni because 1. im not good at coursework 2. im not motivated by money, and my only option for a degree is finance based, but i feel like such a let down to my family, they dont say anything to me, but ive been unemployed since i failed uni 2 years ago, cant get a job, no career path. my mum said she doesnt mind me doing a part time degree that takes 4 years because im only 24, but i cant bring myself to do it, i know i will fail i suck at coursework and 99% of the time i have no motivation to live and cant concentrate on anything. i have 3 mental ilnesses, all diagnosed by my doctor and therapist, ocd, social anxiety and depression. i am constantly on meds and have been to therapy but it doesnt work. i hide these from my family. i didnt ask for this and i cant control it, i try to beat it every day but always fail except ocassionally i get this urge where i want to do a degree and im extremely motivated but then it fades away in a few minutes, as soon as i look up accounting and remember what it actually is. my previous education is all finance and accounting based so i can only do a related degree. im just tired of feeling like a failure 24/7 and scared of the future. ive been having thoughts of what life will be like after my mum dies since i was 8. and slowly slowly every day its creeping nearer. i just wanna do some nice things for her since she went through hell to allow me to be where i am, i mean my parents had to so bad, sacrficing years of sleep, working most of the day for peanuts proving for me and my brothers, never leaving anything out for us, always gave us branded food and clothes so we didnt feel left out from the other kids like they did when they were young, and i went and fucked it all up. if i cant do something nice for my mum before she dies i will have no other option than to kill myself because i dont wanna live the rest of my life full of regret every minute of every day. what the fuck do i do

&amp;#x200B;