My fate is sealedAt this point I’m not sure if I should be happy, sad, relieved, shocked, or any emotion really. I’m just numb and it’s been that way for a while. Numb or sad, numb or mad, numb or anxious. I go from not feeling anything to feeling everything and then nothing again. It’s infuriating. 

But enough with that. Good news is: my mom bought a gun, a glock to be precise. And that means, it’s only a matter of time better I shoot myself and get done with all of this nonsense. 

See, I’m a minor (16 m) and nobody in my household knows I’m depressed. Since I’ve been my entire life, the progression seems natural enough for them to assume I act like how I should be at my age without any mental illness. To be fair, I play the part well, I don’t let them see when I’m sad or in a depressive mood and instead I isolate myself when it’s too hard to control. I’m also a naturally funny person and apparently a damn good actor, because nobody can tell I’m depressed unless I let them. 

“You don’t have to take the mental health survey because you don’t seem to be the type who’d be depressed anyway.” —&gt; a quote from my doctor, who I proceeded to affirm her misjudgment by laughing and cracking jokes. 

All I’m doing is waiting for a few things: 1) all of my family to be out of the house, preferably with the dog, 2) I’m researching ballistics and how the gunshot will impact the surrounding and have narrowed down my spot to two locations, my bathroom shower or the unfinished portion of my basement, 3) a particularly depressive mood where I won’t back out at the last second

So far, every since she bought the gun, all I feel is numb, or when I’m sad it’s like now where it’s late at night and everyone is asleep. 

There’s this sort of calm now, I don’t have to sneak out of the house and by a rope and calculate the drop height, which would put me in a position where my neighbors can see me, and I’m not trying to traumatize some kids, so that’s good. 

I don’t have to keep trying to starve myself for three weeks so I can die, because I never end up doing it like I should. 

I don’t have to memorize train schedules and plan sneaking out of the house and laying on the tracks. 

I have all I need at home and all I need to do is load it, cock it, and pull the trigger. 

The usual methods of easing tension have long since stopped working; music doesn’t help, writing doesn’t help, my dog marginally helps, but she’ll get over it. Plus, I can’t have a guilty conscience when I’m dead. 

If there is a God up there, suicide condemns next to Hell, to burn and be revived to burn over and over again for all of eternity. I am okay with that. If there is not God, my existence will be snuffed from the Earth and that will be that. 

I can’t talk to anyone, I’m just a burden. My family has a huge stigma against depression and suicidal ideation, those people are weak and it’s natural selection anyway. I’ve come to agree with that. Not that I judge this sub; I’d give my life for any of you in a heartbeat. Their criticisms only apply to me in my mind, and if you’re on the sub reading this, I am truly sorry, seek the help that I couldn’t and take my pitiful existence as a guide of what you shouldn’t do. 

As for friends, I’ve told a handful or so. Going chronologically, one doesn’t talk to me anymore, one probably forgot, one said she’d talk to me later about it but never did, one was mildly concerned but never did anything, one is reliable and consistently offered support, but I can and will never take them up on the offer (they have their own slew of problems to deal with), and one is kind and understanding but never pursued the topic as much, not that I ever gave them any inclination to do so. 

When I die and whoever finds this and reads it who knew me personally, don’t take offense to this. Everything that happened is by my design and I am, if not anything else, particular persistent in pursing my own demise. 

I’m sorry, Mom and Dad, for wasting your time, money, resources, and whatever else in my relatively short time alive. 

I’m sorry, to my sister, for this jackass move in about to do. 

I’m sorry, to the friends I told, I don’t want to name names for both anonymity and mental weight, you (should, kinda) know who you are, but I won’t leave you to feel guilty the rest of your lives. Move on without me, forget about me.  I’m sorry I told you, I never wanted to hurt you this much, I promise that anything you did made me feel alive in my time on Earth, and there is nothing you could’ve done to stop this outcome. Delay, sure, but I was always going to go out on my own terms. 


I’m sorry to friends I never told, I promise you I was still close with you, and I trusted all of you. It’s more of a me thing, to tell is to burden with knowing, and towards the end I’ve realized the less people I burden the better, because this was inevitable, it would only hurt more if you knew. 

I’m sorry to those I promised to that I wouldn’t do this, that I wouldn’t hurt myself, that I’d stay alive for them. I am, admittedly, a bastard and a ultimately cowardly and selfish human being. It’s not that I didn’t value the optimism and promise, and it’s not like I have anything to defend myself with. I just fucked up, and will pay for it for the rest of my life (get it?). I’ll either burn in Hell or cease to exist consciously, either way, you can curse me to the end of your days. So you better fucking stay alive enough to spite me. 

They would have a day at school where they’d give everyone time to grieve if we still had school. I’d wager that this information won’t reach most in the world’s current state; there are much more pressing matters at hand and I’m hardly a worthy conversation topic. Maybe I’ll get a hashtag, that would be funny. But I can’t say if it’s the laughing, happy funny or the sad, pathetic funny, I’ve had a lot of trouble differentiating anymore. 

Don’t judge me on what I’ve subbed to, partook in, whatever, they were but temporary means to combat against the infinite, oppressive, unholy darkness that lurked within. A candle in a storm, fighting fiercely and flickering until it is consumed, extinguished by a primordial, primeval force of nature . Dramatic right? If this wasn’t so serious, I’d bet you’d be laughing your ass off. 


My final message, one last favor I’ll burden you with: Reach out to people. Most of the conversations in my life I’ve had to start. I’ve always been the one to make plans, to text first, to try and keep the connection alive. Well, with this whole depression thing getting worse by each day, I gradually reached out less and less, and became a lot more isolated. As a result, I talked to people less, because with me to drive the conversation, nobody did. 

Now, to my friends who read this and think “But I did text him first” or are debating in their heads about if this is directed at them, know that I cherished every conversation I had with you, no matter if it was you or me who initiated it.  

Back to my favor, preferably it’d be everyone who you’d reach out to. It doesn’t matter how comfortable you are with them, it doesn’t matter if you haven’t talked to them in forever, the worst that can ensure is an awkward conversation, essentially meaningless in the grand scheme of things. You don’t understand how much that conversation can mean to them until it’s too late. 

There’s never a good way to end this. This will be messy, this will be rough, this will hurt. 

There’s so much I can talk about, I’ve been depressed my sixteen years, I’ve wanted to kill myself for as long as I can remember. I had dreams too, I wanted to be an author, a creator, someone inventive and clever enough for someone to take a look at something I’ve done and be like “this is my favorite ____”. Maybe then I could be proud of myself. 

But my creativity has never been harnessed, embraced, or fostered. It is as fleeting as the happiness I’ve felt and as unpredictable as the mood swings that follow my condition. 

I wanted to be an inventor, I wanted to change the world, to have the world know my name and know that I have changed something. Maybe my literature (or other creative endeavors ) could’ve helped someone out of depression, helped them exist in a world that they’ve convinced themselves they don’t belong in, or to allow them to escape to one that doesn’t carry the pain of the real one we live in today. 

But, as tragic as it may be, that will never happen. Writing has never been a career option for me, and I’m supposed to thank my dad later for that. I really don’t know how. 

As and suddenly and violently as my own life was snuffed, so follows this note. For I, the candle in the storm, have grown tired of drafting and rewriting; to perfect a facsimile for my shame, my guilt, my sorrow, my exhaustion, my anxiety, my worries, my doubts, my depression, my life. 

And as Robert Frost conveyed oh so beautifully, I will never know the road not taken. I will die alone, will it be in pain? Will it be instant? You will never know and I’ll take that secret to the grave. 

As morose and morbid this note has become, the sheer catharsis provided is what keeps me from ending it. To know that I finally have a way to escape myself is both a relief, a blessing, and a curse. I am relieved and terrified. Euphoric and miserable. 

The universe is calling my bluff, it put the gun on the table, after all my years of wishing for release, it is so close. As simple as a twitch of a muscle, a pull of a trigger. 

All is by design, all is by intention, and we’ll know one way or another the result.

I know that most of you won’t read this, I know that nobody will comment, I know that the length of this is a task that none will undertake. And I’ll be alone once more. 

It’ll finally be over. 

And maybe then I will find rest. 

I’m sorry. 

Truth be told, I don’t want to submit this. I’m terrified. This has become my imaginary respite, this is what distracts me from the real world and as soon as I lay my final period to rest, I embrace my torment once more. 

But sometimes you have to swallow your fear, sometimes you have to just do and stop thinking, sometimes you have to pull the trigger. 

There is so much more I can write and apologize for. If you can think it, so have I, and I’m sorry. Forgive me. I won’t die absolved of sin, but I don’t deserve to hide from myself anyways. 

I would leave you my name to remember me by, but I can’t risk someone finding this prematurely. 

You know who this is.  

I’m so sorry. 

I don’t want to go. Which is contradictory to this entire piece. I don’t want to die, I just don’t want to be me, to be alive and suffering is perhaps the worst curse of all. 

But night and day, life and death, are twins. Two sides of the same coin. One cannot exist without the other. 

This is my final goodbye. Thank you for all you’ve done. 

I’m sorry.