I want to die(this is a repost from r/depression) Before I begin I am sorry about bad grammar/punctuation/logic. My depression has been messing me up in more ways then one. I can't think straight, so before I planned on committing it I want to see if I truly want to do so. So I am in High school, I am a pretty smart guy (not to brag) when I can think straight, when I can put in the effort I can get straight A's. Non of my teachers say I am not bright. But as of late I can't stop failing school, my grades are getting worse and even in summer school I am not properly keeping up despite getting A's. Essentially my future is ruined as in GPA wise, and any jobs I may want to get that may require a high GPA. The failing in school is also one of the main reasons why my depression is getting worse. I hate school, my mom which loves me tries to help but she makes it worse. I know the obvious advice is to seek help, but when I try to it gets far worse. My mom is not an option, my father is out of my life for good reason. So before I continue I have to describe my friend which I went to get help from. He is suffering from depression but he "got help." He takes the short bus to school does not try at all. And fails, his meds force him to get up later in the day, although he is a good friend to me don't want to be him in a 1000 years. I seen his routine and unfortunately his prospects are dim at best. So I went to him for help, I almost play into his arms. He informs me that he would tell my mom in a week if I did not tell her. To be honest I wanted to stop him right then and there. But  I did not, so instead of going to the next class I went to the bathroom. Then I found security looking for me and they found me in the bathroom, and sent me to the office I worriedly came with them ready to kill any of them and run. I know a bit of martial arts. So 4 security guards took me too the counselor, and they said someone told us that you were planning on hurting yourself. Or something to that effect, they tried to come me down and I told them yes and stupidly went along with them. I played into there hands my mom came there and they told her the "situation." She tried to blame it on me playing on my computer too much. Which is stupid because I had my PC to make my suicide note and it really was the only thing that stopped a worse outcome. So I made sure it was confidential they recommended I go the hospital. My mom thankfully disagreed to that and I went home and gained sanity. I realized that going to the hospital would show on my record and ruin my life so I re-cooperated after a week. Although no one else knew this but it was definitely going to be temporary. My mom did not bring it up ever again. However, later when my "friend" was about to fail his project since he did not do it. He told everyone there (a quarter of my school friends) that it was, because he was helping me with my suicidal thoughts. I don't like something so personal my weakest moment being blurted it out for everyone to hear. Just for a grade in a class he was going to fail. I no longer considered him to be my friend.  Although for appearances everyone including him still think I do. Because if I say I am not then everyone will know I have Depression. So I kept quite. My depression went away for a bit. But after I failed school my depression came back. Much worse now when I am about to fail to complete. I need a long break if I even have a chance at getting better, but since I keep failing school because of my depression it wont get better. And now at school that it is extremely rare for someone to fail almost never happens I may have to repeat a grade. My mind is going to paths are layed down for me Suicide or Insanity. Which is also a problem. Since my mind is going I left out A LOT OF DETAIL. Also I have never told anyone this much about myself. I was born lucky to a upper class family although my mother and father are divorced, live in a nice area, go to a good school, I have no right to complain. The worst thing things that happened to me were do to my father. I did not have full stability growing up. I got more diseases from visiting then I can count. My grandmother on his side did try to to kill me twice and they did emotional abuse me, but that's it I only saw him once or twice a week. Less as I got older until I cut him off. Nothing too bad, but I can't go on living I will try to respond to every comment that wants a response. Thank you for taking your time to read this mess of a post. I posted because killing yourself is not easy so posting online helps it makes my state of mind at ease. Thank you again.