It's not really necessary for anyone to read this. I just want to pretend that I was able to express myself for once. I'm pathetic.

I'm 27. I haven't finished undergrad. I've never had a real job. I have no idea how to function as an adult. 

I went from being an A and B student in college to being a virtual recluse, cringing away from imaginary voices. I isolated myself from the world for four years. 

I thought I was finally doing the right thing by moving out, getting a roommate, going back to school. I thought I was finally getting back on my feet. I thought I still had a shot at getting married, having a family, contributing  to society. I thought I would teach. I thought I would help other people experience my utter joy when I got to college and realized there was so, so much to learn.

But I've slowly realized that I'm never going to do any of those things. Mental illness was just an excuse. I'm like this because I'm weak, because I'm scared,  because I'm a stupid little bitch, and it will never get any better because no matter where I go and what I do, there I am. 

I wanted to take care of my aging parents. I wanted to help my best friend get out of this godforsaken town and find some people who will appreciate her. I wanted to make my boyfriend happy. I wanted to be the one to make him smile.

But I've turned into a burden on everyone around me. 

I'm a financial drain on my parents.

I'm an emotional drain on my roommate and my friends. 

I don't have anything to offer my boyfriend, and I think he's starting to realize it.

I read the thread yesterday, about the hardest thing you've ever had to tell another person. The top post said that the worst thing you ever have to do is tell a mother that her child is dead. 

I don't want to do that to my mother. 

I love her.

But how much more damage am I doing by continuing to exist?

I'm so tired. I feel like nothing more than a skin drum filled with fear and shame and loathing and despair. 

If I had been less of a coward back then, they all would have forgotten me by now. I would have hurt fewer people.

Somebody give me the strength to just go through with it. 


