i dont want to get betterive gone to the hospital, therapy, group therapy, talked to my 2 friends and sister, reached out to one person in my environment for the first time in years, done self care methods, taken my meds, been avoiding my abuser, and i still want to die. hell, its gotten worse, or better if i really think about it. nothing is convincing me that i am not a bad person and i deserve to live. the mere fact that im "trying" makes me angry that im getting out of my toxic mindset. ive been in it for so long i call it home. and it is my home. all these people care about me and i just dont want to have them do so. i do not want more consequences if i survive anything. i cant risk another hospital visit because my selfharming is going to be found out and i love it too much to want to stop it, and everyone is going to do their very best to restrict me for the freedom ive been so depraved of. i dont want to live to go through another hospital visit. i dont care that people love and care about me, ive hurt them so much for being like this in the first place, everything is my fault. its not a matter of i "think", i "am". ive been studying the methods and i have a plan that i need to touch up on. ive already gotten past fearing death and permanent damage, all i strive for is to make it lethal. im buying rope soon. i just dont care if i matter anymore, because i dont. everyone should know and accept this. the worst part? i cant talk about it, or all i fear would happen is going to kill me instead. why help someone who doesnt want to be helped? who doesnt try enough and therefore hurts and disappoints everyone? i look at people who dont always get help but still want it and im alone. i get "help" but i dont want it. its stopping me from killing myself and it makes me more upset. living is not worth it. even writing this isnt significant or helping at all, but i felt like getting my thoughts out because it really doesnt matter in the end. might as well be an even worse person by whining. i dont know if anyone else doesnt want help even if theyre getting it. im a bad person. im a bad person.