A temporary solutionI hate how people say that suicide is a permanent solution to temporary problem. Because yes, the first half is true. Suicide is permanent. 
But the second half? It makes me laugh somberly.
Everyone in my life who has been suicidal at all, have been suicidal from a young age. And they're in their 20's and 30's. When we talk about suicide, it's something that maybe  they don't think about everyday. Yes, there's bad days and good days. But when they have to fight the rising nothingness that threatens to consume them, it gets harder. You're a little more weary after every fight, year after year, of trying to justify putting yourself through the pain of living. That the color just leaks out of everything and the world turns a little more grey and lifeless. 
Yes, there are some temporary problems out there. But for us, our problems stem from something bigger. And they don't always go away. The need to fight is always there, you have to fight to feel something, fight to stay sober, fight to have the energy to go to work or to school or go out to the fucking grocery store. It's a never ending fight, they tell me. Fighting the bad thoughts in your head never stops, and you have to keep going through the motions until it's easier some days. But no matter how much easier it gets, the bad days are there. No matter how much you try to learn to love yourself. The thing working against you is you after all.
Therapists tell me the same thing: that I will always struggle with my mental health but I just can't give up! Temporary problems and all that.
When they say "temporary problems" I wonder how temporary they are. My life will end eventually, so my problems will end too. In the grand scheme of things, yes my problems are incredibly temporary and silly and my struggle is meaningless.
Will my whole life be a ceaseless fight? Will I be hurting myself clawing for life for years and years and years before I turn 50 and realize that it wasn't worth the stress and pain of living that long? Of trying that hard?

I just turned 21 in July. I think a lot about where I'll be in 10 years, 5 years, hell just even where I'll be when I turn 22 next year. And I don't want to fight this permanent problem that is me anymore.