A coworker asked me what it’s like to be 21 and I can’t stop thinking about where I expected to be in my life, compared to where I actually am.It’s been 10 years since my struggles with depression and self harm began, on and off. I’m in a real low patch right now. In the past year, I recovered from anorexia, got deported from a country where I was living my best life and surrounded by positive people, declared bankruptcy, was homeless, and then I lost my Nannan a month ago out of the blue. She was my best friend. I have high functioning aspergers, something that I would never mention until now as it never presented as an issue for me. Right now it’s intensified so much, I feel like I’m 5 years old again and I can’t do the things I want to due to sensory overload and the anxiety- add depression on top of this and I’m pretty much bed bound. I work 6 days a week just to get me out the house, and then I drive home purposely getting stuck in traffic so I get home later and don’t feel so bad about going straight to bed. 

I always assumed I would have my shit together by now, that my issues just came with puberty and wouldn’t exist. 21 is a landmark age and I think I’d set this as a goal post. All the things I wanted in life and always aspired to are out the window. I wanted to go to university, but I’ve dropped out of my A-Levels six times. I always wanted to marry young and have children. I’m gay, single and after spending time with my 1 year old nephew (who I love so much) I feel intense depression, scared that I love him so much and nervous about his future. He’s so much better than this world and he’s so much better than me. 

I have an appointment with my GP on Tuesday and he’ll hopefully put me back on anti-depressants. I live in the UK, so the mental health care route if you’re broke like me is medication, a leaflet on breathing exercises and an 18 month+ waiting list for therapy, if you’re lucky enough to get referred in the first place. The last time I spoke to my GP, I told him about my suicidal thoughts and that I was going to hurt myself. He told me they couldn’t do anything until I tried to kill myself and then maybe they’d bump me up to a higher priority. 

I’ve waited 5 weeks for this appointment and I’ve been counting down the days, telling myself just get through this until the 19th November and then things will perk up. Today is the lowest I’ve ever felt. I hope I’m going to make it through this weekend and then the medication can give me some clarity. I’m looking forward to it like it’s some miracle cure yet I know it’s not and I’m setting myself up for failure. 

The person I would always turn to in these times would be my Nannan. She was my sole support system- I don’t have any friends and I’m distant from my parents. She would tell me ‘our Georgia, if you fell off the roof of the city hall you would fall straight into a fur coat’. Something so daft that really did have a miracle cure. 

I miss her so incredibly much, and going through this rut without her supporting me I don’t think I will come out of the other side.