Femoral artery or Helium TankI’m a 22 year old guy and I have a gf (21) I’ve been with for 4 years. We have always thought of eachother as soulmates, and nobody here can convince me other wise so don’t bother. We’ve always talked about marrying and having kids too. When I was a kid though I didn’t think it bothered me but having been molested twice, my father leaving my single mother when I was 2, and always being abandoned by any friend I have, I’m a deeply insecure and immature person. I’ve been in therapy for a month since we separated. We separated because of the following. Because of super high ego and insecurity due to getting into modeling, along with hornyness I cheated on my soulmateI was so disgusted and repulsed with myself. My gf months beforehand got back into smoking pot despite having addiction problems and didn’t tell me about it which now worries me even more. 
It is my fault and mine alone. I regret my mistake horribly and I don’t know what was going through my head. In an effort to grow up and mature, I confessed to her a month afterwards, and that was a month ago now. She was obviously devastated. I told her that I take full responsibility, that I understand her pain and suffering, and that if she’ll allow, I want to show her how much I’ve grown and that it was a one time thing.
Anyway, my gf and I were checking up on eachother till she decided the other day that it may be best to take some time for ourselves and that she’d let me know if she needed anything. So now I won’t really be knowing if she’s safe or not but I also don’t know what’s gonna be going through her mind which scares me. She said she doesn’t know what she wants. I moved out of the apartment and don’t worry I’m still paying rent, we were sharing it with a girl roomate, and I then moved back in with my Mom (who is a surrogate mom to my gf and loves her a lot too)

Even though I’m glad I smartened young and before 30, I feel like if we were to end things, then I lost out on my one chance for true love and a family. My girlfriend and I have lived together for 4 years, talked in detail what we want our wedding to be like and what our kids names will be. I know I’m young but I’m intelligent enough to know that she’s the love of my life, and yes I did a horrible thing but it doesn’t mean I don’t love her with all of my being. I don’t want to be with anyone else and expect them to live up to her. I don’t wanna have kids with anyonelse but her. So yeah, if things don’t go right, I feel like I’m going to kill myself via helium tank. I’m a trust fund kid, so if I died my mom and uncle would get it to retire. My gf would be named heir. And I’d freeze my sperm just in case my gf wants it or my mom wants grandkids, whatever. But I’m terrified of killing myself and what it would do to them, but I’m terrified of living. Most people especially my age hate me off the bat anyway since I don’t smoke, they think I’m “rich” for having a trust fund despite living in an inner city, and for being a little good looking. I want to show them my suicide letters and beg them to forgive me and have a second chance because I’m scared of the future, but then it may be seen as manipulative. She even said as of rn that she can’t begin to appreciate any progress I’ve been making or improvement I’ve had. I’m so directionless rn. I know I can get through not talking to her as much, but if I lose her, idk what I’ll do.