I've got some real issues17 year old male here. So, I guess I was holding all of this in but one of my best friends collapsed and died while he was playing sport a couple of weeks ago. Since then, all my issues are back.

I was bullied for seven years. It was some fucking brutal shit, physically and emotionally. The bullying stopped when I lost 40 pounds and started lifting, got a bit of MMA training in as well. Recently, I've had flashbacks to it (particularly one occasion as a 15 year old where I was beaten up in front of my little brother.) I want to go into school and make them fucking pay for what they did. (don't worry I won't do a school shooting, but I do sympathise with people who do) I can physically hurt the people who bullied me, and I want to more than anything else in the world. I want to see them fucking suffer, putting me through all that shit. I thought it had ended a couple of years ago when I got a group of friends but turns out they were laughing at me the whole time and kicked me out of their group. 

The bullying's over now, and I have some friends, but I can't trust people anymore. I'm paranoid that all my friends are really out to get me. I can't talk to girls. I have one friend who's a girl but I don't trust her at all, and I know she knows that and it really upsets her, I can tell.

One of the few people I honestly trusted was my friend, and now he's dead. I sit next to his empty desk at school every day. It makes me cry. I never got a chance to say goodbye to him, and say thank you for being a stable friend when I always needed one.

I'm finishing school in June, but I can't work anymore. I can't sit down and do it because when I work I start to think, then I have violent flashbacks. I happiest when I'm by myself and sitting in my room. I don't want to talk to people anymore. I turn my phone off because people try to talk to me. I write rap lyrics about the shit that happens but I don't perform them because I think I'm bad at it.

My parents want me to see a counsellor, but what's the point, they can't change what's happened in my life. Fuck this. It pisses me off seeing emo kids whining about their terrible life, they don't know shit about what it's like to be truly depressed. Wouldn't say I'm suicidal, but I hate myself and my life and wouldn't mind too much if my life ended.


UPDATE: I'm feeling quite a bit better guys, thanks for the kind words :)