Girlfriend wants to end her lifeHi Reddit,

I have a girlfriend I've been dating for almost a year now. I knew she used to cut months before she met me- I accepted it and she felt comfortable with me and she hasn't done it in a while.

5 months ago I had to leave to go to college in the US- she's back home on a 14 hour plane ride away. I get to go home every 3 months. We Skype and talk everyday, but she has these moods where she suddenly just gets really sad about something and starts to cry and be sad and feel down.

She's contemplated suicide, a lot. Every couple of weeks she has these little breakdowns that last one or two days where she's just sad and depressed and tries to break up with me. The first time she did this, she told me days later it was because she didn't want to hurt me. She wanted to break up with me so I wouldn't find it weird that she'd stopped talking to me- because she wanted to commit suicide that night. At that point I just started bawling and shivering and eugh. She wants me to break up with her or hate her so she'll feel okay about ending her life. It feels like I'm the only thing stopping her. 

I love her so much, I schedule my classes late on most days so I can stay up till she has to sleep (6AM my time) and then I sleep or do my work. Sometimes I fall asleep when she goes off and does something else and she gets incredibly mad and goes back to feeling worthless. My falling asleep can make her feel like this, I don't know what to do- I try my best to sleep during the day around my classes so I can be there for her, 2 nights a week I do 35 hour days so I can keep up with her and work and class.

One time in the past, I've suggested she talk to her school's social worker, but she got angry at me and thought I didn't care enough about her to be there for her and thought I was calling her crazy. So it's literally just me- and she doesn't tell any of her friends any of this.

The things she says the most is "I don't want to be here", "I don't deserve you" and "I feel useless"- her parents hardly care and yell at her for any tiny thing and beat her and she feels like she has no real friends (she does! Her friends are awesome!) She feels like she's letting everyone down, she's not doing too well at school and she's afraid she's going to fail at life, she feels dumb. At the end of her breakdowns she usually starts crying and tells me she misses me and says "come home" repeatedly - I wish I could, but my parents have spent their entire lives saving to put me in an American college.

I really love this girl, and her depression and repeated threatening of suicide really worries me. It has me worried that one day I might get fed up and just say FINE when she tells me she wants to break up, and then what? :( Sometimes I wish she'd cheat on me and let someone who's actually there with her make her happy. In all the time I was back home and dating her, she was completely fine. I wish I could be back home with her. :( 

I'm sorry this post is so long, but I'd really appreciate it if anyone gave me some advice :( Thank you so much!!