Honestly just trying to get by (police called, what to do now?)Things have been going downhill for a while, and I'm doing everything I can in order to keep going. I've struggled with depression since middle school, which is when I started self harming. My dad found out, and locked me in a car with him and threatened me if I ever did it again. He was super manipulative and verbally abusive my entire life, and blamed me when my brother molested me when I was 11. Needless to say, it's been rough.

I'm in college now, only in my second quarter, and things have been bad. I started self harming again (I had been clean for about 3 years) I'm struggling to eat much anymore, and get so stressed I'll throw up. I've essentially been isolating myself. 

Idk if I'd say I'm entirely suicidal, I definitely feel suicidal, feel like I'd like to die, but that's how I've always explained it, a FEELING, no plans, no actions. I've got lots of reasons to keep trying, to keep going, but that doesn't mean I'm not struggling. I don't have a lot of friends at college, but I've got a nice community of people online who I've known for years. The one I've known the longest has been my lifeline since I was probably about 14 (met when I was 12, I'm 18 now) in a lot of ways, she's become a mother figure to me. I'm planning on visiting her this summer, and I love her to death.

About a month ago, it turned out my best friend had been lying to me for more than a year, and I still can't really talk to her. I'm heartbroken and it's hit me hard. The friend I mentioned before was involved as well, but because she's such a big support for me, we've been talking anyways. I mentioned how bad I've been doing, and she's been talking with me for a few days. Yesterday I was cutting again, and I mentioned it to her (I'm trying to hold myself accountable, instead of hiding it from her.) I want to stop, and I'm trying to stop, but it's been taking time and is much harder than last time I tried to stop. I skype called her before I went to bed and put on cam so she could watch out for me (I usually get really depressed at night when I'm all alone), and we talked a little, before I broke down crying out of nowhere. 

This morning I woke up, took my final, got back from class and then there's a knock at my door, and it's three police officers outside my dorm. We go outside and talk. They tell me that someone told them I'm gonna kill myself (never told my friend that I had any plans or anything) I told them about how I have been struggling for a while, but I've been working hard and seeking help. I've started seeing a new psychologist, psychiatrist and I'm on new meds (thought they haven't started working yet) but they looked over my arms (no cuts, I cut on my leg) and had me talk to some crisis lady on the phone, and that was enough for them to be satisfied I'm fine. We talked for a while about other stuff, and they seemed really nice. 

My main questions, what can I expect moving forward. Is this going to stay on my "record" or whatever, they mentioned they were gonna contact my psychologist, but are they going to contact my parents. If my dad finds out he's going to freak and probably take it out on me. I'm not at home any more, but I'm worried he's gonna like, cut off all financial support. Are they gonna come and find me again? If they see my cuts are they gonna send me to the hospital? I'm really kinda freaked out.

I did confirm that it's my friend who called them. I'm a bit surprised, but I'm not upset, I know it's because she's worried and because she cares. I just wish she had come to me first, though I suppose she would rather be safe than sorry (especially since she's so far away, and can't do much if there was an emergency). I haven't really talked with her about it though, other than how much I love her and appreciate how much she cares for me. But yeah. 
Any help/advice moving forward would be appreciated. I don't want this to hold me back, idk, maybe I'm overthinking it. 

Tldr: been hella depressed, friend called the cops and told them I was gonna kill myself, what now?