im stucktw for attempts, hospital, dissociation, abuse, self harm

a friend of mine attempted suicide early december. as we were at uni at the time, another friend and i took him to a&amp;e and while this was happening i was autopilot enough that it didn’t really bother me.

as soon as i got back though, i was a mess. i called my mum and let her know what had happened and my boyfriend was around to look after me, but it’s gotten into my head.

we got back just before 6am i believe and i obviously missed my lectures that day due to being tired, but i remember being around in the afternoon for a house viewing and just dissociating out of stress outside one of the houses. my friend who’d also come to the hospital was there too so he understood why i was a bit messed up and he’s helped me when dissociated before but uggggh! it was so annoying and i felt pretty rough for a long time afterwards. maybe a week or two.

i’m diagnosed myself with depression and i started taking sertraline about a week and a half before my friend attempted. dissociation has been a regular problem for me anyway, i get near catatonic sometimes. i’ve been abused and close to suicide before. i cut and all that jazz so it really hasn’t been easy to process this shit at all. it’s still in my head. i keep thinking about overdosing (that’s how i planned to commit before) and then slashing my arms up, but i don’t really want to die.

my life is good. i love my friends and family and my boyfriend and i would hate to put them through that. my meds make me feel so much better. but it’s stuck in my brain, and makes me feel awful. i think i’m just fixated on it to be honest, but thinking about attempting in my flat bathroom and then getting a friend to call 999 keeps coming back. i hate it.

i know it’s a cry for help and i need to talk it through with someone but i don’t know where to start. it’s really hard. i don’t have a therapy assessment until january because the nhs doesn’t have space for me until then, and even then it’ll be cbt rather than counselling which is what i feel like i need.

all in all i’m just so stuck and i don’t know what to do. i don’t know who to go to - i’m scared of upsetting my friends with talk of suicide, because my boyfriend and a lot of my uni friends also struggle with their mental health, and my trauma makes me feel like a massive burden often, especially when talking about what i need, even more when it’s related to mental health.

i guess i could go on but i’ll round up. i’m not sure whether i’m just getting worse or stagnating or even traumatised from my friend’s attempt. it’s confusing. but it keeps coming around. not rly sure why i’m posting but if anyone has advice i’d appreciate it highly.

sorry it’s long. thanks.