Please help, I don't know what to do.You will definetely think I am a fucking idiot for overreacting like this, and I most certainly think so too. I know a shorter post tends to get read more often than a long post so I'll try to keep it short, but it will most likely end up being a wall of text as always.

I'm a failure, a lazy good for nothing that has never been in a serious relationship. Tomorrow I have a huge math test, If I fail, I fail the entire grade. I am 100% certain I will fail.

If I fail the grade, I will kill myself. This is a fact.
I don't want to go any other program than this one, I want to be a programmer so I'm studying engineering. The math is excruciable and the teacher is so hard to listen to and understand, and the book is so blurry and I don't understand anything.

I'm not even sure what happens, I went through the entirety of 1-9th grade without doing jack shit, I didn't even have to study for any test and I still got C/B on almost everything. Now I show up here, expecting it to be just a tiny bit harder, but it's fucking soul-crushing, I can handle everything else easily, but the math is fucking killing me, literally.

I'm not afraid to kill myself, honestly, I have come to terms with the fact that I will never be satisfied by life. Literally the only problem is my family, I have a sweet younger brother who's only 11 and he has both ADHD, mild autism and some kind of other thing similar to tourettes, except he doesn't randomly blurt out insult, he just says them to people without any real reason. I also have an older sister, who's studying abroad to become a clothes designer, an older brother who gets money from the government since he's unfit to work (Aspergers and some other stuff), A loving mother who emigrated here from Romania and a caring father who was born here, but most likely has some sort of ADHD aswell, though unconfirmed.

I do not have good contact with my family at all. All I do is sit at the computer everyday, for hours, only going up to eat lunch/dinner and maybe grab a bottle of water sometimes. I barely speak to my mother more than necessary, which I know saddens her, but I just can't speak to her, or anyone else except really close friends. I never speak to my father either, who scolds me for being so lazy and unmotivated, but I know he cares. I have no contact with my older siblings at all, except for when they come to visit, which is not often, I can speak to my older brother though, since we both share a common interest (Games and computers). I do speak to my little brother sometimes, but he's mostly annoyed by my presence and calls me names due to the disorder he has, I know he cares also, but he never shows it.

I probably told you more than I should've, but the biggest problem is I owe them so much. My mother always just wanted a normal happy family who enjoyed going on vacations and stuff, but she got me who hates being outside because of body image issues, I also generally dislike other people (Normies, if understand the term). My father always wanted an honest, hardworking, headstrong son, but he got me, spending every waking moment in my room with the damn computer and doing nothing. As I said before too, my mother is so sad that I don't speak to her, I don't speak to her siblings either, because I don't like them or my cousins. I don't want to break them. I don't want their lives to be destroyed by my suicide, I've already given them so little and now I'm taking that, and even more, away from them.

I wish I could cry, I am really trying, if I could, I would. I'm absolutely distressed, I have no idea what to do. I really really really want to kill myself so I don't have to put up with this fucking shit anymore, all the social pressure, all the expectations, school being a fucking asshole. But I know that it'd ruin my family even more. Hell, my mother or father might even commit suicide too, and my younger brother will grow up knowing one of his older brothers fucking blew their brains out in the middle of a test.

FUCK, please help me. I want to cry so hard, and I can't. This is the most serious I've ever been about suicide. I know I am going to do it.

This probably ended up as a wall of text anyways, but I honestly don't care, which I apologize for. I will not reply since I have to go to bed, it's 23:18 where I am, and I have a bad habit of staying up to like 03:00 in the morning. Please help me, I'll read all your replies tomorrow if I even get any.

Dropping out is not an options, choosing another program is not an option, I could've hanged in there if the math wouldn't have fucked me over, but it was the last drop in a very full cup.