I'm quitting my greatest addiction. I've made too many excuses not to for years.Nothing in my life is working right or ever has worked.  I went through unimaginable abuse and isolation as a child leaving me severely socially stunted, and I can't go back in time and fix that.  I've never had a full-time job even though I'm over 30.  That's over a third of my lifespan.  Simply never got hired in spite of hundreds of applications for jobs I was appropriately qualified and overqualified for.  My family has abandoned me.  All of it.  The few friends I've had over the years have ALWAYS picked other people over me.  My partner doesn't love me anymore.  No matter how likely things are to go in my favor they NEVER pan out.  I've been beaten bloody, screamed at, had my head bashed against walls for someone's amusement, been in the hospital in incredibly severe pain, and NONE of it compares to this.

Life is just like an abusive relationship.  It's showing me the same patterns (can confirm from experience.)  And ultimately the best thing to about an abusive relationship is to leave; staying in the relationship just feeds the abuse further and makes it worse.

Going to find a way to scrape together a hundred or two hundred dollars.  Have a couple of things in mind involving selling virtually everything I own.  (Which takes up about half a suitcase.  Can probably get at least a hundred for the computer I'm typing this on.)  Have a likely painful but virtually certain method to do this.  And it's the last pain I'm ever going to feel.

For once I need a certainty.  There is nothing certain that anyone is willing to offer me that will make life worth living (a job, someone who cares and actually WILL stick with me- and that means actual friends who value me as more than a convenient doormat...) I've got a few online friends but I'm scared to turn to them because we could mutually track each other down.

I'm quitting the greatest addiction any of us have: life.

EDIT: Went to go shower.  Thought about it a bit.  Can promise that if a few people just read my specific concerns, support me (Not necessarily my decisions, but me and my feelings), and show it, I'll feel better.  Also.  None of that "just apply for more jobs" shit.  That's a big part of what got me into this mess in the first place.  Would feel better now if I'd just dropped out of high school and never even tried to work.

EDIT 2:  Haha.  Figures that nobody would read or care about this.  That's how it feels now.  Not even an upvote.  I knew anything remotely good was too much to hope for.