I keep trying to continue but I'm at the end of my ropeSo I've browsed this subreddit for the past few months and every time I think of posting something I get too anxious and decide not to, but the past few days it's just gotten so bad that I'm struggling to carry on by myself, so I created an account just to post here.

I've suffered from depression for about eight years now, and had suicidal thoughts for seven of those. I've attempted suicide several times but, evidently, nothing's ever come from it. I started cutting myself, drinking a lot, and I became a drug addict. Now I'm not saying it's all been bad; I fell in love and because I wanted to be with her I managed to stop all of these things, and we've been going out for almost three and a half years.

But now I'm struggling to even get up in the morning. My girlfriend and I live six hours apart, and we see each other for one week every three months. I've failed university three times, on top of my depression I have ADHD which only makes me feel worse, I have no friends, no-one to speak to as my mum doesn't ever help with serious topics - not to mention she has depression as well - and my girlfriend works ridiculous hours - to give some perspective, her shift as of the day I write this is her working all day Sunday to Tuesday. I used to have friends but they got jealous that I had a girlfriend and they didn't, so they abandoned me, and the friends that stuck with me despite that left when they found out I had ADHD.

The one thing that makes me feel happy nowadays is writing, the only good thing I've ever said about myself is that I'm really creative, but in this day and age it's next to impossible to get found out. It's just gotten to a point where I've decided that my dream of being an author is idiotic and unrealistic.

I have no skills, no qualifications, and because I've failed uni three times it means it looks like to employers that I've done nothing since 2012. Even though the reason for me failing were not actually my fault; my grandmother died and I had to look after my mum, the next time it was because I was refused help for my ADHD, and the third time was for the same reason. But employers don't care for that, so the chances of me getting a job are stupidly low, and that's the one thing that my family ever say to me - I'd get onto the topic of my family but I feel like I'd be here for days.

I'm just hoping that someone who has felt like this before and carried on will say how they did it. I've kept myself going till now, I've helped other people stop having suicidal thoughts, but there's only so much lying to myself I can take before I decide that enough is enough. Am I being stupid and selfish for thinking like this? Should I be glad I at least have a girlfriend as other people don't? I just constantly think I shouldn't mention it as other people will always have it worse, that's why I've not received help for it. But if anyone has any suggestions, big or small, to give me, I would appreciate it from the bottom of my heart.