Change of plans. Had a hyper realistic nightmare - might end up doing it tonightHorrible nightmare. Just like effexor. A nightmare I couldn't wake from. Funny because I was literally thinking earlier how this life is a nightmare I can't wake from. Anyways I was in my bed napping and then I started feeling this strain come all over my body in contraction like waves (that's when the dream started). A strain that would curl my body and deafen my ears. What I imagine a seizure is like. I was writing in pain, I thought I was dying. It felt like it. SO had noticed and ended up turning back around to his computer. I was trying to accept the pain and accept death. I had looked at my phone and mom texted me saying something about my work? Or that I needed to come in to her room? I put the phone down because I was in pain. Then I remember sliding off the bed in pain and yelling out, "I think I'm dying. I really do. Please go get mom". Then SO gets her and comes back and gets on his computer. Mom said something along the lines of "probably took some shit. I texted your phone because someone is here" Then my older sister comes around the corner saying "hey bb" and I just screamed "NO FUCK YOU" and slamming the door with my feet. Writhing and contracting with pain, it was getting more deafening. I could hear my SO listening to what sounded like Taylor Swift singing, "Say you love me. But you left me. Just turn it off - just turn it off" repeatedly. Is that even one of her songs? I don't care to find out. Then I just started to get up and that's when I actually woke up. My ears hurt, I don't think the pain was entirely fake. I feel completely jarred. 

Went downstairs and had a cigarette with my mom who informed me our bank account is overdrawn. While she was talking it came into my head "Tonight. Tonight. We need to do it tonight. We have to." I can't get it out. I was thinking of doing it later, I had plans I wanted to do before then. But fuck it, I feel it now. I feel compelled. Its this driving force like a truck behind me. I grabbed the bottle of wine from my room, my SO gave me a weird look, I just went downstairs. I'm going to finish making dinner. I have this wine in my sonic cup. I'm waiting till they're all in bed and I am drunk and I am going to leave, I think. 

