What to say.I'm about to go to bed, but I figured I would write this up. 

I'm feeling like things just really aren't worth while anymore. In the past year I've lost two friends to suicide, one of them being someone I called one of my best friends. 2 weeks after burying his ashes, which I dug the hole for. My girlfriend of 5 1/2 years absolutely blindsighted me and ended our relationship. Quick conversation in the car infront of a Tim Hortons (coffee chain) "I don't see a future with you, and want nothing to do with your family." Couldn't and wouldn't tell me anything more than that. And she was gone. I feel like she pretty much just ghosted out of my life, which is essentially what happened. I'm always thinking about it. It's been almost 4 months now, and there's not a minute that goes by where I'm not filled with a range of emotions about it. It's tough, like my mind is stuck no matter how much I preoccupy myself. The relationship was to a certain degree emotionally abusive as well.

I guess through everything, I've lost my feeling of self worth. I feel like I've talked about my problems with friends and family to the point where I don't want to bring them up anymore in fears of pushing people away. I'm no longer confident in myself, my appearance, the way I currently behave (not talkative, just zone out thinking). I do most everything alone now, I'm not interested in socializing (I just make plans and end up bailing usually). I especially don't feel like I should be wanted or meant to be with someone, for how easily I can be discarded and deemed worthless. I don't understand how people so close to me can exit with such ease. Nothing makes sense anymore, and everything is just so painfully hard. 


Today was the day I settled on a plan, and to be truthful, it kind of feels, well, good. I've decided when I get to the place where I plan to make this happen, I'll either follow through, or drive to the nearest hospital for assistance. I'm not doing this to get back at anyone, or to make anyone feel like shit. I know this is selfish, I know how it feels to lose someone, but I don't know how much more I can really take right now. 
