I'm just tired of being aloneI'm sitting here, alone, drinking a beer and trying to come to grips with how to end my life. I was going to write a note to friends and family, but at this point I just want to get some things off my chest, and feel like someone is at least paying attention.

I've been alone for a long time. I have crazy bad anxiety so it makes it really hard to go out. I'm also depressed, and a previous suicide survivor, woohoo, so I'm no stranger to how this feels. 

I fell in love with a girl about 4 years ago. She became my world, the one I tried to better myself for, the one who would listen to me and actually care. I didn't treat her right. The concept of love was foreign to me, I resisted, yelled, etc etc, and drove her away. We remained best friends and things seemed to steady for a bit.

Now, for what's gotten me here. She's been lonely as well, I think she's been worried about me, knowing I'll be a mess if she goes out with some other guy. I'm crazy, I know...I should be okay with it, but I'm not. Anyways, she's taken a huge new job, awesome pay, etc etc, but she has to move a few hours away from where she's at now. Her ex-husband has always lived nearby her, and has helped with the kids. Well, she had some plans in place for when she moved, but pretty much everything fell through. She really is a great mom, and feels horrible about leaving her kids with some random person, so she refuses to do it. So, the only option she really has is to invite her ex-husband to move down with her, offer him a place, etc etc. 

So, naturally the crazy side of my brain is automatically in overdrive, thinking of all the terrible things that are going to happen, how they'll end up back together (which I'm sure they will), and where this leaves selfish old me. I've decided that I'm just tired and want to just go away. I'm tired of having no friends but her, I'm tired of sitting alone every night, I'm tired of everything. I just want everything to stop. I hate what it'll do to my family, but honestly I just am tired. I am not a great person, I've accomplished nothing in my 27 years, so what's the point, ya know? 

Anyways, I just wanted to get that off my chest. 