Why Does Help Only Exists For Some People?I really want to scream. I feel like Kitty Genovese right now. A lot of people know I’m suicidal but do not care. People see me write disturbing things on my Facebook wall and scroll by as if it’s nothing.

I have no real friends. My family has been dead for years. I hate it when strangers say “if you take your life you’ll be hurting the people around you”.
Hurting WHO? I demand to know.
In the four years of battling cancer not one person has visited me at the hospital. Not one person accompanied me to a doctor’s appointment. If they were real friends why would they isolate me like this?
Is this how caring people act?

If it is I’m so sick of this World. I can’t stand it if everyone is like this.

I reached out to over a hundred suicide prevention organizations. All of them refused to help me. If they did respond they all gave out that same 1-800-273-8255 Suicide Prevention Hotline that’s always jammed and when you do actually get through aren’t very helpful and rush you. Same goes for the 741741 Crisis Text Line.
Many of these organizations accept HUGE donations. Makes me wonder where all that money is going to if they can’t help you personally and have to direct you to that only one number or text line. 

God I feel so helpless! I’m trying so hard but not getting anywhere.

I contacted organizations in different states. I got in touch with many facilities. I have insurance. NOTHING! 
All the psychiatrist offices I called are no longer accepting patients. Many places are booked - and again just give me that same number I have been given a hundred times.

This really isn’t fair. In the past I have helped friends through breakups and abusive relationships. Helped financially with car payments, rent, utilities, vet expenses but where is everyone now? 
I didn’t help them to expect something in return but I’m really down and I’m really needing a helping hand out of this black hole and no one will help me.

I don’t know what to do anymore. Where do I reach out? I’m lost. I’m in so much panic.

This world is uncaring and cruel. Help seems to exist for some people but not for EVERYONE.

Wheverer forum, social media site, or page I post on I would see others in my similar situation reaching out for help and being ignored. How many of those people ended their life? 
There is the proof everywhere people ignore it. And then they ask “why didn’t they give us a warning?” They did all over the place you just choose to turn the other way!
The thousands of suicide awareness pages are useless. When an actual suicide person comes along they just make the excuse they’re just spreading awareness not there to help people. 

There was a guy in a different country who posted he wanted to carry out a shooting because women ignored him and he was bullied at school and Facebook did NOTHING. Got the automated “this doesn’t violate guidelines” message. 

I’m not sure if posting here will make any difference but I want to keep trying. Maybe one person will listen and be able to help me. I want help so desperately!