I don't want to live any more without my fiancéeFor context, I am 30F and I have been in a relationship with my fiancée for 8 years, and engaged for 4. This May we were meant to be married. However, then came Coronavirus like a tsunami into everybody's lives and destroyed everything that all of us had ever known. 

Before my country was locked down I sent my fiancée away to keep her safe because my area is badly affected by the virus. She did not want to leave and we both cried for a long time before I finally persuade her to go back to live with her parents in a safer part of the country. She has serious underlying health problems and if she caught the virus it would threaten her life, so I felt I had no choice but to send her away to keep her safe. I had to stay because I must care for my elder father who has a serious heart condition.

It has been over a month now and I feel so hopeless and alone without her. I communicate as much as possible over the internet with her but where she is with her parents the internet is not very good. I feel constantly despairing and I used to cry from missing her all the time...but now, I cannot cry at all despite being so sad. My life is a shadow of what it was when I greeted the New Year 2020 at midnight. I had the love of my life by my side, was looking forward to our wedding, had a job I enjoyed and my family was in good health.

Now I face a long time of separation from my fiancée, our wedding has of course had to be cancelled, I have lost my job as the company closed down and two members of my family are seriously sick in hospital with the virus. One in critical care, my aunt, is not thought to make it.  My father is constantly upset and he cries and before now I have never seen my father cry apart from when my mother died. I try to keep his spirits up as best I can and not let him see my pain, but he is increasingly withdrawn and I fear for his mental state.

Nobody knows how I am feeling at all. I keep it secret so I do not worry or upset my family or fiancée, because I want to keep them safe and care for them as is my duty. But I increasingly feel like I must scream because of this terrible situation. I feel weak even though I try to be strong for my family. I feel angry with myself because there are others in much worse situation than me and I feel I am being childish.

I don't want to live like this any more and I feel myself sliding towards suicide even though I try not to think about it. I know what I have written will be rambling and will not make sense easily but I had to write it somewhere. Please do not think me childish. I just  cannot take what my life has  become.