Not enjoying the thoughts running through my head...Hey Reddit. I'm not sure where to begin so I'll just start. I'm 22 years old and I've had suicidal thoughts running through my mind ever since my high school years. I've attempted once before when I was younger, my parents don't know i have these thoughts and I don't want my friends to find about my thoughts because i feel as if they would act differently. I don't think i have the willpower to actually go through with the act, but the thought of death as an escape always seems like its a good alternative. The problem i think i have is that i don't seem to be happy with anything I'm doing. When I was younger I told myself I never wanted to work in an office. I wanted to find a job that got me active and not work the mundane office culture. I decided I wanted to become a pilot because it was something I was passionate about. Unfortunately that never happened because of problems with my eyesight. And I wound up going to college for the only other thing I was good at, Computers. Now I work in an office and it kills me to realize that I'm doing exactly the opposite of what I wanted, but it feels like it's the only option that was available to me. I tried finding a significant other but I'm not the greatest at the dating scene. Every time I try I usually fuck up the date and I wind up feeling worst than what I had before the date. I wish I could speak with my friends, but I'm usually the one listening to their problems and they confide in me. But I feel as if i cant show them this side because then they would think that I'm not as strong as they though I was. I don't know what to do Reddit. I've gotten this far without any serious incidents, but as each day goes by I feel that gap closing. I'm afraid one day I'll wake up and that gap wont be there anymore and It'll be the end of me =/. I wish i could get rid of these thoughts, but it just feels as if I'm missing something and I'm not sure what it is. I don't know why I'm posting i just feel as if i need someone to tell. I don't care who reads it, I just want to know someone did. 