quarantine and depression dont mixquarantine has been hitting everyone hard and I'm beginning to get worried I may not make it out on the other side. I guess for the record, I'm 22 and I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder when I was 17. it has been a fight ever since, but it all has become so much worse lately. I got fired from my job and the blending of all my pointless days together is really starting to get to me. I havent even been able to quarantine in my own home bc my roommate has a severe autoimmune condition and any risk of exposing him to this could very potentially kill him. so my friends kindly took me into their apartment... almost 3 months ago. I haven't been in my own bed, in my own space, for 3 months. my car broke down and due to my lack of job, I cant fix it. so I cant even try to escape for a bit. I'm beginning to feel overwhelmed, like every single comment made to me or by me is passive aggressive or snide. I went about 2 months without seeing my partner. we have slowly been seeing each other more, but I still go about a week at a time with literally zero physical touch. I've been getting less and less sleep each night, which I know is contributing to my declining mental health. it's hard existing in someone else's space, even after all this time. I feel like an inconvenience and a burden for things as small as eating or doing laundry. consequently I've lost about 3 inches off my waist in this time. my partner has gotten more and more distant, and in an off-hand remark told me yesterday that if I proposed to him, which I had slowly been thinking over, he wouldn't accept. That... sucked to hear. I thought maybe I could go back to my apartment and wear a mask and gloves around my roommate, try to stick to my room mostly. but if I did that, I would be forced to give up seeing the people I'm currently quarantined with, for who knows how long. that sounds even more unbearable. I dont think I could survive 2 weeks without my friends and partner. I've been consuming weed and alchohol pretty much as much as I can in an effort to numb the pain. I wish I could see a therapist or get on meds but I can't afford it, can't drive to it. every aspect of my life: my home, my car, my job, everything, has been stripped away from me and there is no end in sight. I think I could take it if I just knew when it was all over. but no one does. so I'm living in this nightmare reality and slowly crumbling and feeling myself get worse and worse and I dont know how to fix it. I cant vent to my partner or friends about all of it bc they are all going thru such hard challenges of their own, I cant bring myself to burden them even more. I cant see a way out and I'm feeling so overwhelmed and alone. i need a hug.