I am at the edge... too much pain, too few solutionsToday I lost my last real job offer due to a communications error and my family told me that they didn't believe me when told them that I was raped as a child; I am at the edge. I was raped at 13 and my school covered it up. A school lawyer convinced my family to not press charges. I've been stuck living with my family since I got out of college and have been struggling to find full-time work so I can get the money to move out...its not good...we don't get along, we can't communicate, we've been fighting for years. The fighting between my mother and I has escalated to the point that we can hardly talk to one another. My father is completely oblivious to everything and although supportive, he goes with whatever my mother says even if he disagrees; he is the poster-child for an emotionally dominated spouse. A week ago my mother had my beloved elderly pet rat euthanized without telling me while I was out of town for a weekend; I found out from getting the vet bill. She gets angry at me for having mental problems, she doesn't take my mental health seriously. Upon telling her I had PTSD, she told me to "build a bridge and get over it". When she lied about being terminally ill with cancer a few years ago (for attention?), I actually hoped she would die. Several months ago her aggressive harassment of me took a really bad turn, causing my PTSD to get really bad...during a particularly awful fight I took out a knife to kill myself and she dared me to do it. I almost did, but something in me stopped me. I checked myself into a mental hospital in the aftermath, causing me to lose my job in the process. My stay in the mental hospital was ironically very counter-productive to my mental health too. Since then I've tried to stay stable and struggled to find work, only managing to get a job at a struggling retail chain. I don't get breaks and get yelled at more than I'd like. My friends all live far away or work long hours so I don't get to see them often. My more successful friends look at me like I'm a crazy burnout, which it humiliating. I have no relationship with the rest of my family. I have struggled and failed to get a girlfriend enough times that I've given up. I have sexual problems, PTSD and depression, plus I'm no looker (I suffer from a physical deformity of the hand... think scary movie two butler). All that makes finding a girlfriend a painfully impossible task. I spend most of my time locked in my room waiting form my unemployed mother to leave the house (she rarely does). I take handfuls of drugs to sleep at night, and soon I won't be able to afford them when I lose my insurance coverage. I've seen over a dozen therapists, none of whom were very helpful. I've tried to talk about my problems with friends, but my problems are so personal and dark that they don't want to hear it. I am so lost I don't know what to do anymore. I just want to escape. I spend a lot of time thinking about dying or backing a bag and fleeing West with no destination in mind. I don't know how much longer I can go without completely losing it. My life has been such a string of catastrophes since I was child...I don't know if I can take life kicking me in the ass one more time.