I want to kill myself, but im too much of a pussy.Hello. So, im 14, and Everyone see’s me as the nice kid who’s always kind and polite, and ive been trying to keep that mask on me my entire entire life. ever since i was 10, i would hear voices and experience dissociative symptoms, where i would forget things constantly...Some even as severe as my younger brothers age. Now, while i already have the diagnoses of Adhd, OCD, Depression, And Anxiety, i figured out with the help of a professional that i have DID, Dissociative identity disorder.   
Now...If im being honest, DID is one of the best things about my life. That sounds stupid but....My parents neglected me...My mom is extremely overdramatic and would yell slurs at me...but when shes not mean shes extremely nice, but, my dad has never been there for me. He was an alcoholic who tried to abort me. Hes gotten better this year, but its still not great. I lock myself in my room all day. I’m homeschooled by myself, since my brother goes to a regular school. I was pulled out do to extreme bullying to the point where i was Locked in a bathroom and fainted. Though, thats a good thing, since he hits me constantly.   
i dont know what i have going for me. I have friends, but theyre online. I made a list of things to look forward to this year and all thats written is ‘draw’ and ‘write music’. I..my did, it gives me personalities, or alters, that are similar to a family to me. That sounds sick but theyre like brothers and sisters, and i love them dearly  
What pushed me over the edge was that my therapist, told my father that theres a strong possibility i have did. He has been giving me these ‘talks”, that are actual hell. He tells me that i probably dont have it, and that if i do, i need to tell my mom. This isnt good, because i didnt even want to tell my dad, i was forced into it. My mom has said that people with DID are monsters or crazy. Im scared theyre going to get us to integrate (move us all into one), which i will adamantly refuse to do, which will cause for guilt tripping and abuse.   
I have no options left. I woke up this morning after being told this yesterday. i dont feel afraid. There are pills on my shelf, i could do it easily. But apart of me wants a reason not too...i mean, id be taking my alters with me. Thats sad, but i still want to die. Maybe ill go dormant for awhile