September 23rd; Barbiturates (which are proving difficult to acquire) or Jumping.Incoming Masturbatory/Emo Life-Story: 

I wrote the notes to my parents to mitigate any damage this might have on their marriage. I wrote a note to my sister because she is emotionally unstable. And I wrote one to my little brother so he doesn't feel left out. I owe them at least that.

I've failed at everything I've ever attempted (with the exception of SSB on N64 and repeatedly getting arrested for alcohol-induced incidents). My uneducated, hardworking, parents have provided me with just about every advantage they could muster, even sacrificing their retirements to help me pay for college. My entire life I've found it hard to relate to other people. When I was 11 and 12 I used to get ulcers. In junior high and high school, I began failing classes, mostly due to apathy, which manifested itself as a lack of effort. Eventually, after a miserable high school experience, where my cynicism and sarcastic humor made me an outcast (like everyone else in/on [insert arrogant, self-pitying community]) I graduated with a 2.2 GPA and a 30 on my ACT. I applied to two middle tier state schools and didn't get in. I was crushed, but ready to start my shitty mundane life at a community college while working a shitty brainless job with people who gave up on their dreams and ambitions. My mom thought this path would be emotionally unhealthy for me, so after one summer of community college classes, she applied me to a bottom-tier state school that accepted me.

Freshman year I had the best and worst times of my life. All of my classes were so easy that I got A's and B's in them without buying books and almost never attending. This meant I could contribute nearly all of my time to my new, biggest hobby: drinking. I'd drink 5 nights a week, smoke pot 3 or 4 afternoons a week, and usually pull an all-nighter with study drugs once a week to write the occasional paper. For some reason, this lifestyle made me very popular with nearly everyone I met. I joined a fraternity, and began trading my paper-writing abilities for booze, cash, and other drugs. As one might expect, constant intoxication got me into trouble with the police several times, and I got suspended from school at the end of second semester. I also was arrested, charged with two felonies and three misdemeanors. My parents came to the rescue and poured thousands of dollars on a lawyer and legal fees to get it dropped down to one misdemeanor with a felony and misdemeanor on deferred sentence with a 24 month probationary period.

My good grades from freshman year allowed me to transfer to one of the middle tier state schools I failed to enter out of high school. I spent the next three semesters isolating myself, minimizing my drinking to one night a week, and quitting pot. These were very dark times for me. I had very few friends, none of which meant more to me than people to drink with. My sex life dropped off the map. But, I had the internet (porn, reddit, counter-strike), and when I felt really down, I'd drive to visit my old friends and spend whatever spare money I had on blow and booze. Things will get better, I told myself. I turned 21 and became a weekend warrior. I went on road trips, often alone but sometimes with friends, to visit cities, other universities, concerts, and huge parties. I quit my job because I thought extra free time might help me clog up that little black pit that sucks the life out of me. That deep one that sits right below your sternum and makes your heart and stomach tighten up. Something out there had to be worth living for, right? 

Well, I was wrong. I went back to drinking heavily, which as always, provided that temporary apathetic relief. Then, I got arrested again. That fucks up my probation, and odds are I'm going to prison in fall for somewhere between 6 months and 2 years. I'm in debt. I haven't told my parents, because this would destroy our relationship and maybe theirs as well. I don't feel anything for anyone except for the loyalty and sympathy I owe my parents. Over the weekend, I went to a party and got laid for the first time in a very long time. Didn't feel anything. I've never been in a relationship. I can't connect with anyone. All I can see are everyone's flaws, unless I'm too shit-faced to care. All I've ever done is use people, like I'm using you right now. Love is a chemical and physiological delusion that mutated to increase the procreation and preservation of creatures. I just don't know if I have it in me.

 One night last year, I had a couple drinks to thin the blood, got my heart pumping, and started to slit my wrists. Coincidentally my mother called at that very moment, and I felt so guilty I stopped and talked to her. She called to see how I was doing because I hadn't been sleeping very well. I decided I would put it off for her. Is that love or loyalty? Does it matter? Probably not. Semantics allow for pedantic antics. I told people the scars on my wrist were from tripping onto gravel. 

This summer I have plans to go to Europe and see the sights. Dance With Dragons is coming out in July, so I'll get to read that before I die. Maybe I'll try magic mushrooms. If my credit cards aren't completely maxed out, I might go to Lollapalooza. A guy I was once friends with is going to sell me life insurance that will allegedly pay out on suicide to help my parents out. It's empowering to have the date set. When I am at my weakest, now I know it won't be much longer. I don't have to worry about the future. Maybe even the insomnia will go away. I'm not religious, but death has never seemed like such a bad thing to me.

Thank you, SW, for helping me and others. I might be selfish and emotionally retarded, but I have enough empathy to see that you guys do great work here. You can't save everyone, but you helped me make my life on my terms. Good luck.