No treatment for depression or ocd can change real factsThis is basically a copy paste from my post in r/ocd.  The stupid thing has ruined my life, it's taken away the one chance I had to live a good life, everything I love, it's unfair, and I think if the world is a jerk to you and hands you an awful life and an awful brain, I am allowed to say I've had enough, I don't accept this as my life, screw it, I'm out.

I'm staying alive only because I should at least give the med I will be going on a fair chance, but it won't work, not even an MAOI worked, medications don't change facts, I know it with almost absolute certainty.

So a few months ago I was having intrusive thoughts, terrible ones about how others are suffering right now and I'm not doing anything to help them and I was worried about it.  A friend sent me a Ted talk from Peter Singer about how I can help the most amount of people by donating to the most effective charities where a small amount of money can go to help the most people.  $2 can give a family in Africa a net to protect against malaria.  Some of the other charities supported by him show that for every $1 you could give almost 2 people vitamin fortification for their food for a year and malnutrition is still a leading cause of death. 

Now every single time I buy something for myself, I am aware of the cost.  Every $2 I spend on myself, I am choosing to spend that money on some minor thing that probably doesn't matter, rather than giving a family in Africa a net to protect them from malaria.  Even $1 could provide fortification to food for someone for an entire year.  And here I am, spending it on a snack in a vending machine, for a single human in a 1st world country, for a single fleeting moment of getting to have a snack.  It's not "what if" I am a bad person.  It's I am a bad person.  The fact that I know suffering is happening and I'm not doing as much as I could to stop it makes me a bad person.  I'm a medical student, I'm helping a few patients every day, but I'm not also donating to charities or to homeless people who need my money more than me when I have a few thousand dollars in my bank that would go so much farther spent on someone else than on some minor luxury for me.

It is not an uncertainty that I am a bad person or not, it is a TRUE FACT that someone else in the world is being denied malaria nets/nutrition for an entire year because I decided yesterday to spend $3 on myself for lunch instead of donating to them.  I am, through my inaction, causing others to suffer.  One person suffering minor inconvenience by giving up small unnecessary things is nothing to thousands who aren't being helped because I still have money sitting in my bank.  I could legitimately be helping more people and I am legitimately not.  It's a true fact and I can't live with myself knowing this anymore.  Every time I buy even food for myself, I think of Feeding America, where $1 donated could provide 10 meals.  It's not "what if I am a bad person" it's "by buying this extra little snack for myself for $1 and not donating it, I am choosing to not give 10 people a meal, I am valuing a snack for myself over the happiness of 10 people, that's the kind of person I am that I put the value of a minor purchase for myself that won't matter in the future over something that can genuinely help others."

I can't buy anything anymore, I can't do anything fun or enjoyable anymore, it all costs something, it all costs time, time and money that could be helping so much more people than it is now when I just sit here.  I wasn't able to enjoy Thanksgiving because gratitude only triggers guilt in me when I'm reminded of the things in life that I have that others don't.  Despite donating $50 to Feeding America to be equal to the cost of our family's meal, I felt nothing but guilt.  Not even remote happiness that at least others would have food.  I felt awful every single bite of food that I ate because there are still people who don't have food.  I can't eat without feeling guilt over what I'm not giving to others.  My mom got me a Nintendo switch for my birthday and I felt utterly awful because that money could have given hundreds of people meals or nutrition and it was wasted on one human.

I just want my life back, but to tell the thought that it's just a thought and it's ocd is to tell myself that I'm okay with others suffering.  To recover from the thoughts so that they don't bother me is to make it so knowing that others are suffering doesn't bother me, and that idea is something so horrible and disturbing that I'm not willing to live with it.  It's a constant awareness of actual facts, an awareness that if I were to feel less, I'd be more selfish and still know deep down that I'm a bad person.  I try to meditate and allow the thoughts to be there, I've tried to allow the possibility that the thoughts are true and sit with them, but nothing helps.  I've tried SSRIs, abilify, phenelzine, TMS both for depression and ocd, memantine, medical marijuana, countless random supplements, and ketamine (spravato), none have helped.  I've been in therapy for years which hasn't helped at all, and I've been stuck in the same place for the last 2 months with my therapist with no progress or change.  The only thing that slightly helped in the past was clomipramine but it had a lot of side effects so I had been off it, and the ocd was a different type of ocd which was just me and my own intrusive thoughts.  I've had other variants of ocd for which ERP over 17 weeks had no effect on and made worse.  I sit there with the thoughts.  I went a month without donating money, trying to just live my own life.  I try not to ruminate, but the ruminations are just as automatic and intrusive as any other thought, not able to be controlled or stopped.  It. Does. Not. Go. Away.  The knowing I'm not helping others doesn't go away.  It's every second of the day as soon as I wake up to the moment I sleep on the bed that I didn't earn in the apartment that I'm paying 500 malaria nets a month to live in.  I got such bad grades in med school due to ocd interrupting everything and making me anxious and unable to study that I didn't even apply for a residency, I absolutely hated the actual job part of medicine, I hated pretty much every rotation, I hate the idea of making decisions with uncertainty and potentially killing someone, and now all I can think is I should have applied because then I would have been able to make more money to donate to others but now I'm horrible because I didn't do that.

No matter what I do, I could always be doing more for others and I'm not.  It's not a what if, it's a fact that will never change, it's a fact that no matter what I do, someone else will lose something because of me.  Every dollar I spend on myself is a dollar that could have given someone vitamin fortification in their food for a year.  I'll never be able to go to a concert, buy a video game, take a trip, eat out, do something for fun without being aware of it and feeling guilty.  It's been true for every pleasurable experience I've had over the past 2 months.  And I can't use the argument that it makes me happy to do things for myself so I can help others in the future because my small amount of happiness is costing someone else so much more that I could have given to them, and I don't even feel any happiness, only guilt, so doing anything for myself literally doesn't even benefit me at all, it only takes from someone else.  Every single moment of my life is ruined by it.  I will never be able to know peace knowing others are suffering.  I haven't felt peace once since it developed to this severity 3 years ago.  This will never change.  In about a month I'll be able to start on clomipramine again after weaning off phenelzine (which had literally no effect on OCD or depression for me, it's only gotten worse).  It's my last hope.  But this time not even clomipramine will work.  No medication or therapy will be able to change what's true and the fact that I'm now aware of it and I can never be unaware.  I never asked for this, it's unfair, I'm so ticked off that the one life I get has to be ruined for the rest of it because of this stupid mental disorder that 98% of people don't have to have.  Once I've been on a few months of clomipramine to know it doesn't work and that nothing will, I'm done.