type 1 diabetic 15 years, can't do it anymoreInsurance covers less and less and what it does cover is getting more outdated. They stopped even covering my test strips, the only meter I can use now is so old, it takes two watch batteries and it's no where near as accurate as modern ones. I just don't know. I can't control my blood sugar anymore, I just keep getting sicker and sicker and nothing can stop it, I have to adjust my fucking basal rates every fucking day. I've lost 35 pounds this year. I have a goiter full of nodules and the doctor said we're just gonna let it go until it turns into something. That's so common. So much of my "care" has been damage control instead of prevention and I can beg and cry all I want but I can't do anything about it. I keep telling all of my doctors for years, I'm so fucking miserable, I don't want to go on, there's never a break, there's never an end, and the people who control my life don't fucking care about it. My body hurts so bad all the time, my brain is just fried. My own dad wants me to work harder even though I'm getting so sick at work I'm having to jump off line to go puke. I developed a blind spot this year and my fucking eye doctor just said yup, go on home, that's fine. Just gonna let it go until it turns into something. I'm fucking rotting. My fucking body is breaking down. There's nothing I can do and no one fucking cares. I've been begging for help for so long. I'm so fucking tired. I just want the suffering to be over, and for me there's only literally only one way to make that happen. I don't want to struggle through the next 20 years and die in my 40s blind with no feet plugged into a dialysis machine. I don't wanna struggle through the next five years and die from a low in my sleep. I just want to stop it. It only gets worse and there's nothing I can do about it. I'm dying and no one gives a shit. I just want to fucking do it myself and get it over with fast, this is taking forever. I just want to be healthy. I just want to be healthy and no one gives a fuck. I never can be. It will only hurt more the longer it takes. I can't take dragging this fucking carcass around anymore, put it in the fucking ground already.