Always with the excuses.I know this isn't special or unique... But I hate myself. I'm selfish and shitty and the truth is I'm this way because I choose to be. Every day I choose not to make myself better. I choose to be a burden on those around me. So obsessed with my struggles, school is hard because I'm an idiot. I try so fucking hard and still end up looking up the answers online. I spend so much time worrying about my failures that there isn't time for much else. Especially my relationship. 

The whole state is quarantined now so we're spending a lot of time together and now she's even more aware of what a piece of shit I am. How little I do around the house. All I have time for is depression and procrastinating and last minute scrambles to finish my deadlines. Woe is me. She told me tonight that all I do is complain and I couldn't disagree. I am miserable and miserable to be around. What do you do? 

I'm so tired. How do you be happy? How the fuck do you just do that? I've never known what that means. 

Tonight for the first time in over a decade, I self harmed. Nothing dangerous. Only burning for the pain I deserve. I don't know how to be better so the least I can do is punish myself. I'm so fucking disgusted with myself. I let myself down more than anyone. I wish my girlfriend could see that. But it doesn't matter. I can't expect anyone to be responsible for me. Tonight she said we're done. I've known for a long time that if she ever meant it, then I'm done. I don't have it in me to start over. 12 years is a long time. I can't do this again.  

I've been thinking for a while that as soon as no one cares about me, then I can really do it. In the past couple years I've lost both of my parents. I guess all that's left now is my sister. I don't know if the guilt of that is enough. I don't see why the world would need someone of so little value. 

I know I blather on. Thank you to anyone that actually made it this far. I can't talk to anyone I know about this. I don't want sympathy. I don't want someone to tell me I'm not a piece of shit because that's what you say when someone says that. I am. I want to be better, but I just don't know how when I don't have the energy to do anything. More excuses.