Stupid empty shell.I have nothing going for me. I used to be this pretty and mysterious rebel girl next door, outgoing, friendly, talented. I had fun, too much. Those days are over and all I have left is the void I carried around for years. Now that I can't hide behind this mysterious facade, I hate myself so much, I can't stand my reflection. I'm pathetic. I knew one day it would come to that.. I knew the day would come where I'd be forced to decide when and how I will kill myself.

I can assure you I have nothing to offer to this world. I don't even want to offer anything, I hate this world. I hate everyone... this void is swallowing me whole. Those years of repressed feelings, sabotage and isolation turned me sociopathic. I can't feel normal anymore, ever. People are dying around me for fuck sake and I don't feel a goddamn thing... I'm so busy thinking about how my life is meaningless and empty.. how I ended up so ugly, how I'm supposed to act, how I'm so mentally weak and fucked up.. I don't even bother anymore.

Broken, bruised, forgotten, sore... too fucked up to care anymore. Poison to my rotten core....

I have to daydream about a non existent love story to keep me alive. That's the only thread left I'm hanging by. The thing that's even more stupid.. I'm in a relashionship already! But since my SO is one of the biggest reason why I turned so miserable, I'm outta love, bored and even more suicidal. Now that he tries, it's too late... even though I know he has some of the best qualities I want in a man (accept me as I am, doesn't care about other women, hates superficial bitches, doesn't care if I gain weight and age badly, same taste in music, movies, TV.. same views of the society...) I seem to be totally unable to forget all the wrong doings and the toxicity. So I dream of a childish chilling love story to stay alive... how pathetic. I just want to feel alive.. with somebody else, the forbidden fruit. A very ugly guy maybe.. he would think I'm cute I guess hahahhahaha I'm stupid... I only have one friend and fantasize about him all the time... I romanticize our story so much my stomach hurts.. why can't I live without those chills? IT'S ALL IN YOUR HEAD, STUPID!

I really think this friend, this feeling, is my last unrealistic hope. It's like my brain is throwing me that shit as a last resort life supply. I wanna die. Nothing's fun anymore. I don't want to grow old, I don't want kids, I don't want anything except the chills of a passionate love story.. I want the world to fade. I don't care about being down to earth... that's boring. I won't ever feel again if I can't be 2 against the world... THAT'S ALREADY WHAT I HAVE! But it's not enough... why am I so dead inside.. why is this quest my only reason to exist? I don't care about loving myself, I won't.. all I want is to hate myself with a guy that hates himself and we can love each other to compensate and grow. Help me... I'm in a constant loop of stupidity, I can't live in this boring reality. I hate my SO, the other guy probably doesn't really give a fuck about me being alive or dead...why am I doing this to myself? Why does my brain think I need this...!? Don't do this to me brain... don't daydream about some hypothetical bullshit passion... don't stay alive for this shit... just quit. Yeah.. quit.. you're humiliating yourself. Stupid empty shell.