The night that changed my life forever. (TW: Assault)I had a single mother growing up, alcoholic, etc. My father never wanted me and had actually said these words to my mother before my birth "maybe if he finds the cure for cancer I'll have something todo with him" so as you can tell. Very down to earth guy. Mother, damaged from all sorts of horrific things she had been through before my time. I've always had trouble connecting with people because of what I figure is how fucked up my interactions with my mother were throughout my life. I've thought of tapping out one way or another multiple times. More often these days. Especially with how afraid I am of meeting new people. But let's just cut to the long and drawn out chase. I was drugged and assaulted when I was 17. By the only two people that at the time I had thought were my friends. To this day I look in the mirror. See the marks on me, think of their hands on me. Hate the lack of defense I put up in that moment of weakness. And just get upset. I'm 23 now. Unemployed. Malnourished. Virtually zero friends. Body failing me. You know when you take a deep breath and exhale and get that feeling of "yes, I am whole." I haven't had that in far too long. Let me explain.
So it's an average night in the life of 17 year old me, I want to smoke weed. Not think about anything(Or think about everything). I go over to my friends place, I walk through his front door and he stops me for a second and says "Hey man just wait here I gotta go talk to blah" so he goes into the basement and does just that, me being me, thinks nothing of it. Then he comes back up the stairs and says "alright let's go down" we walk down and there is already a chair ready for me, bubbler in place, bowl prepared and made (there wasn't even any other weed around or a grinder in sight, just this bubbler and the green bowl inside it). And I once again, think nothing of it. I take the bubbler, smoke the bowl. It pops/crackles a few times, oddly. But you think nothing of it (cause you're with friends). Then you exhale, look across the room to your two friends and say "so guys, what's up?" and without either of them speaking. They both look at one another, get up out of their chairs simultaneously. Walk over to me. And the larger one of the two of them grabs my nose, and just starts twisting it to one side. I'm hearing cracks. I'm seeing his face strain from the amount of pressure he's putting on my body. But don't feel much of anything. Just hear stuff. Once he's finished with the nose. And I sort of half process what the fuck just happened. I just feel my consciousness get smaller. If that makes sense. Like I was still there, I could still see and "feel" but it was like there was this filter over my lens, like I was hiding within my own eyes watching this happen, it wasn't me at the time. But some poor sap who I was horrified for... I hadn't known then, but this was going to be a night I remembered for the rest of my life. At least what I could recall of it.
So we continue, after this point things do get a little out of order because I don't know if he grabbed this limb before that or did this thing before this. But what I can assure you of is that the nose happened first. So he just goes from one thing to the next, at one point he's got both my hands between his and he's grinding and clenching, more cracks are happening. Fun times are being had by all parties involved...ha. He put a thumb in each of my eyes and put pressure on them until I guess he saw what he wanted to see. All I can really get from that moment is just opening my left eye for a second (it felt worse than the right) and seeing red for a split second then just closing up my eye and trying to blink a bunch. One of my eyes has permanently blurred vision due to it. I get double vision frequently and have to focus to keep things centered(also I can sometimes see these floaties when I pay attention to them). He choked me, that really wasn't a big deal. Did this like vice-grip bear hug that had me hearing cracks throughout my torso. Put stuff in my mouth, down my throat, something in my eye. That was one of the more messed up things because I don't know what he put in my eye/area around it. All I do know is I remember our mutual friend at the time saying "It's staying! It's staying!" and to this day I still feel like somethings there but an eye doctor I saw said it's fine so it must be.. Anyway. He took my pants off. OH and I know I'm saying a lot of HE and not a lot of THEY because this really was more of a "you stand there as a second entity so he will not try anything" or at least that's what it seemed, which was silly because they are both 2 years older than me and I am smaller than both of them. He did have his friend grab one of my legs as he was putting pressure on my kneecap and sort of directed the other to mimic his actions on the opposite leg. Which he did. But anyway. Laundry list. Get through that. Popped my left ear drum with something. Pushed something metal into my upper left forehead area until it left an indent. Made my front straight teeth no longer straight with like a chisel thing (that goes along with ruining my smile and making me no longer want to smile anymore which ruins all future interactions I have with people because they think I'm just some asshole who thinks nothing is actually funny when I just don't want you looking at my fucking teeth.) So it goes on and on. Punched this hard as fuck. Punched that hard as fuck. Twisted this super hard until it stayed, twisted that. Pushed shoulder blades backward until they made some noise. So on and so forth. It got to a point where I was just smiling constantly. I guess because I was traumatized and didn't know what else todo. And he took these garden shears and got me to open my mouth, grabbed my tongue and put my tongue between them. But didn't do anything. "Why do you care to mention this then total stranger" Because it's one of the things I'm still trying to wrap my head around. For a majority of this night I didn't even look at him when he'd do something. He'd just do it and I'd have like a few seconds to sort of deal with what the fuck just happened before he'd move onto the next thing. But this time when he had the shears and obviously the next moment would be me missing half of my tongue. I just took that opportunity to look at him. I didn't say anything. Just looked in his eyes. And he stopped.. I don't know why, mercy maybe? But anyway. One mistake I made while this was going on was trying to "re-center myself" and I shouldn't even say try because I was succeeding even in that fucking situation I was finding a way to get through it. But what happened was there was a point where he like had me stand up. Stood me up. It was right after the leg shit. And wanted me to walk. So he sort of pushed me. and I just start walking. I guess he wanted to see how my body would move after the initial leg stuff. But anyway, I walked to the end of the basement past the stairs on the right side that I can still see in my peripheral. I wonder what would have happened had I tried something. So I hit concrete wall and I wasn't exactly thinking clearly so I just sort of pet it.. like stroked the wall. Maybe looking for a hidden portal that was going to make me wake up and tell me this is all just some fucked up nightmare. Unfortunately no. At some point I hear a noise as I'm stroking the wall, so I turn. And I see the larger one and he just looks at me. And I just look at him. I think there's a point where I'm walking toward him. Just looking at him. Slowly walking. And he just kind of grabs my jaw/head and quick twists it to one side. Like in a movie where a dude gets killed by some kung fu master and you're like "hows that old man have such force? Must be excellent technique" it isn't. From my experience it's just grabbing someone's jaw and head and throwing it in one direction. But maybe his technique was off zing?. So he did that, I fall to the ground (right side of jaw always clicks when I chew or open mouth too wide now), prop myself up on my palms and start crawling to him. (maybe subconsciously I was trying to make this as fucked up for him as he was making it for me) I'm not too sure what happened once I get to him. Ah yeah. He sat me in the chair again. And put me in front of the TV that was down there that we'd normally watch funny cartoons on or whatever else would be cool to watch while high. He had something playing on it. Maybe it was just TV but I don't think so. I honestly have no idea because I never tried to even look at it. Like you know when you look at someone and you just know nobody is home? That was me looking at the TV. So eventually he goes away for a few minutes, comes back with what I can only imagine was a hairdryer I didn't look, I just listened. Puts it on the back of my head. I can feel the heat. I start slowly inching my body forward. To avoid the heat. He keeps following me with it. Until the hair dryer stops working because I'm assuming here the cord wasn't long enough. And I fall forward. He picks me up after pulling the chair closer to the wall. Rinse repeat but this time he holds my head in place with his free hand. I wake up in a little room I was renting at the time in a house across town. I didn't go to the police. I never documented what I should have. I told my mom but she either didn't give a fuck or was too horrified to show it. She still has yet to show it though so I get the feeling she just neglected it like everything else.
Fast forward to present day. I weigh maybe 135lb, 5ft11, constantly starving myself (various reasons) and have tons of lingering medical concerns, the people that are still in my life keep pressuring me to get a job out of love. But I don't feel physically capable (forget about my social skills because those haven't gotten much better). And I have essentially no fucking experience. A good typing WPM though... 90+ if I focus. I spend 99% of my time failing to avoid thinking about everything I'm talking about here. I'm one of those people that thinks back to mundane shit he did when he was like 8 years old that literally everyone else has forgotten about and I still beat myself up over it, so you can imagine having something like this bouncing around my head ain't easy.. but anyway, what else? I can't properly urinate. Everytime I take a piss now I have to use tissue paper to wipe myself up and even then I go straight to the room, take a seat, and suddenly my underwear has a few splotches of grade A piss. Thanks old friend. Imagine this, having someone else force your body to struggle. And then being reminded by your body of what happened to you EVERY SINGLE FUCKING DAY! Whether you want to or not. Your body will remind you. My body reminds me. I wake up take a half-breath, thanks old friend. I stand up and hear multiple cracks. Thanks old friend.
These two guys are still out living life, I have actually been messaged by the best friend of the main guy that did it over Facebook. Not for any just reason either, just to send passive aggressive shit. But for years I didn't even want to believe that could have happened to me. Like most young teen males I thought I was fucking invincible man! How could that happen? Impossible. And so on. I forgot to mention he elbowed me straight down into my neck. I guess in an attempt to paralyze me? My immediate reaction when he did that was to try and lift my neck with my head. If that makes sense. It didn't work. I still at the end of it didn't get back to the same position I felt I was in before the elbow. Which also sucks (Ever since my neck cracks a heck of alot more than the never ever before this). That's what I was always trying to do after everything. To him it must've seemed like taunting, I wasn't trying to, but I guess thinking back it might have looked like me not audibly but physically saying "yeah, and?" these sorts of thoughts really fuck with me. Without getting into my upbringing drama and whatnot I'll just say that I always thought I could fix whatever I wanted to within myself. I haven't grown since the incident. Whether that's from me no longer caring about myself anymore and not eating or a mixture of the things he did to me and the lack of food, exercise, and general things humans do when they have a life they continue to want to live. I realized I lost track of my re-centering it portion of this. So eventually it got to a point where I was sitting in the chair and I was frozen but calm. And he didn't like that I guess. That I was finding my calm/center even in the middle of all this. So after I had calmed down he did another one of those fancy neck spin death kill moves. And I couldn't re-center after it. I just kept rocking. At first it was larger rocking but I did get it down to fairly minute rocking. But I think the rocking still might be happening. And that maybe that's a part of why I can't center myself. After that happened I dropped out of high school. Things didn't get much better from there. You can probably tell I dropped out just by how awful my structure and grammar must be.
Would you like to know what I believe is the reason why this happened in the first place? Two weeks prior to him inviting me over to his place that night. We had an argument at a Burger King, not even an argument. I had yelled at him while inside a Burger King. Over nothing. Literally nothing. I said some joke that must've not gone over well because our other friend who was with us started chastising me for messing it up or something. Then the assaulter said "Don't bother the poor kid." and I took it as "Don't bother the Poor kid." which didn't go over well with me because yes. I come from nothing. He comes from two parents who love him and gave him everything. So yeah in that moment it pissed me off. What was the worst thing I said? "You're just a spoiled rich kid who gets everything he wants!" did I deserve to have my life turned upside-fucking-down over those words? I don't think so. But then again it could've been something else. That day I remember him not even looking at me after I had said that. He left right after. I didn't think much of it cause I was used to a life of far worse exchanges with my mother. So when the two weeks had passed and we said nothing then he messages me I figured everything was fine.
I hope you enjoyed the read.
Sorry this was all over the place.

P.S. I'm reposting this from depression.