What’s the logical point of continuing to live? And I want to be selfish.All I hear is people going ‘oh it gets better’ and ‘oh there so many good things to live through in life’ and I’m like so? The more I think about it the more I realize there really is no point from a logical standpoint to live. Everyone’s fake, everything costs money, and we’re all gonna die anyway. People say all the time money doesn’t matter because we’re not gonna take it when we die. But what about just life period? I mean, fuck, when I die none of the shit that happened in my life will matter depending on what afterlife, if any, awaits us at all. So honestly, I really don’t see the point in living. Am I going to kill myself? No. I am too much of a pussy and I don’t want to hurt those that love me. And so I’m stuck in this vortex of being forced to live. As much as I love my dad and as much as he loves me, he’d probably say I’m being overdraumatic and probably yell at me for saying this on the internet. I’m 21.

Anyhow, people say it’s the most selfish thing to do. That our loved ones would suffer... and honestly, a part of me doesn’t care. It’s a selfish thing to do? Who fucking cares? Everyone’s selfish. The world did nothing for me. Why should I care?  It’s not my fault I’m this way. It’s the fucking people and world that made me this way. So if anything, that should be to blame. 

And people say to get help. What fucking help? I texted a suicide hotline last week and as nice as the lady was, at the end of the day I don’t know who the fuck she is. She doesn’t know me. If I kill myself she doesn’t even know. She’s only trained to speak to me because it’s her job, actual paid or volunteer. My therapist. As sweet as she is, I still have to pay fucking money to see her. Our relationship is an illusion of friendship and safety. Sure, she listens to our bullshit, but at the end of the day I’m still her paycheck. Even if she does feel horrible if I ever kill myself, she’ll move on. It’s not like we’re friends. I can’t personally visit her outside of her work and say go watch a movie. I feel like everything in this fucking world is so fake.

And then they say call 911 if you’re in danger. Why? So I can pay a shit ton of money for just calling the fucking number? What if I have no fucking money? Am I just supposed to say ‘whoops’ and just kill myself? And it supposedly my fault for not getting help? He help is a fucking facade anyway. 

Everything’s fucking fake. I see no point in anything. I don’t even see a point in having a happy life. Say I become famous and successful. What’s the point? I’m gonna die anyway. It’s all temporary. Why is everyone so controlled by their emotions? All it does is make us fucking blind to logic.