I'm really scared about my mental state right now.I had a bad childhood/adolescence. Molested by my father, raised by a narcissistic mother with DID in squalor, starved, mind games telling me I was a horrible person from 4-5 years old. My mother frequently threatened that I'd wake up and she'd be gone over the first 20 years of my life. Sometimes she delivered on that promise. She'd hide things, pack bags like she was leaving, ignore me for weeks. I had to pull knives out of her hands when she was trying to kill herself. It was a nightmare.

At my worst (around 13/14 years old) I was almost totally withdrawn and mute. It took me a long time to climb out of that hole. I'm 32 now.

12 years ago I met my husband. We clicked almost immediately. I wasn't super physically attracted to him, but we got along so well. We moved in together almost immediately (partly due to my mom abandoning me again - she moved out and hadn't paid the bills in 2 months and I had nowhere else to go).

My husband and I went to college together. Grad school together. I found out I had PTSD in grad school and pretty much flunked out. I didn't tell him I had it. 5 years ago I became pregnant. We got married. We had our second kid.

Our kids are now 4 and 1. Just the saturday before last he brought up wanting to try for a third child and I was totally on board. I thought how lucky was I? I have a devoted husband (though he's been distant in recent years and struggled with depression himself), get to stay at home with my babies, he brings in a comfortable salary so that our children aren't raised in poverty and we have a stable roof over our heads, our kids are being raised in a loving, functional environment. And most importantly I thought I'd never have to worry about losing our family unit. I was happy.

Tuesday all of that changed when he told me he wanted to be a woman.

I've never fallen into darkness so fast before.

The first two days I did nothing but cry and sleep. I thought I was getting better after that. I was having a few panic attacks a day, but I thought I was better. I could look at him. I could talk. I think I was just numb and in denial.

He told me he wants to take this very slow to see how far he needs to take it. He's afraid of losing our family too. But last night he cried on my shoulder because he wanted to look 'nice' in clothes. He claims to have only found out a week before he told me, yet he's made so many small changes. Blow drying his hair. Doing his nails. Reading a LOT about hormone and surgery and voice training and name changes.

Last night after he went to bed I stayed up and did something I shouldn't have. Something I had to do with my mom as a means for survival. I snooped. I looked through his reddit history and what I found scared me. In his posts before he told me, he seemed so gleeful in knowing he was trans. Incredibly happy. He talked as if he wanted to transition soon. He said he wanted to hopefully lose 50 more pounds before he started it. He had sworn to me he'd made no decisions.

I stayed up most of the night crying. He found me at one point curled into a ball heaving in sobs. I told him I was having a hard time believing him. That there was no good way out of this situation. That I didn't want to be a joke in the community. Didn't want our children bullied. That I wanted to be married to a man.

I actually found myself strong enough to tell him what I'd done with snooping. He was mad at first but then still insisted he'd made no decisions. He said no matter what he'd support me and the kids, even if he had to get a second job. (I'm a stay at home mom, 5 years out of the workforce with a biology degree that will maybe give me $20-25K/year at most, he makes $100K a year.)

I wanted him to promise me he wouldn't choose transitioning over our family. I begged him to just go back to how our family was. I told him everyone always leaves and it's not fair. Why does this always fucking happen to me? I had thought I was safe and now I kind of feel like an idiot for feeling that way.

My brain is so used to being stabbed in the back that it will not let me trust him. I can't think rationally. I keep breaking down in sobs randomly, and today I have felt so much anger. I yelled at my son for no reason. I have to keep very very strongly resisting the urge to break things. It's scaring me.

I have absolutely no interest in anything. I don't want to go out and pretend I"m fine to people. I don't want to play with my children (this is heart wrenching to me). I don't want to eat. I have what should be such an exciting concert coming up with Paul McCartney (one of my absolute idols) and I just can not feel anything about it. Nothing. I hate feeling this way. I hate crying. But I feel like I hate everything else too.

In my weakest moments I'm thinking very scary thoughts. Like, I'm done and I'm not talking about this relationship. I can't take this kind of pain in my life again. I don't want to be alone. Can it not be my turn anymore? I don't want to fight, I just want to give up. I haven't planned anything on hurting myself, it's just like my brain keeps nudging me that it's another option from all the other horrible options of living with a woman I"m not attracted to, being betrayed by my spouse, starting over as a single mom in possible poverty, living with an expiration date with my husband who continues to be a man until next year..or five years, or in ten years until he decides it's more important than us. I have no one. Local friends, but no family. No close friends. The only thing keeping me going is thinking of my children. And I am barely going.

My husband seems very worried about me. I'm worried if I tell him about these thoughts he'll try to put me in patient or if we get divorced use it to take the kids from me. These feelings are completely related to this current situation and it's been years since I've felt anything like it. He's always been the nicest, most conscientious, thoughtful person. But he feels like a stranger. And this situation is SO MUCH like when my mom would abandon me.

I'm meeting a therapist wednesday. It seems like a life time away. I've posted on support groups but they're just making me angry. It's almost all either 'you're husband is a freak divorce him asap' or 'you married him for him, not his gender, stay with him and you'll be happy because he's happy.' I met a friend face to face, but all of the support seems so superficial to me. I'm sure it's the depression but fuck. I feel so awful.