Should have died 2 month agoI need to vent and I don't know who to talk to, so I'm posting this here. I am the father of 2 beautiful and smart children, a boy age 5 and a girl age 3, I got a wife that love me and I love her, our relationship was no always good, specialy on the sex side of thing but we managed. 

I lost my father when I was 10 year old to a work related accident, he was 36. I lost my godfather (who was like a second father to me) a few year later to cancer and all my grandparent exept my paternal grandmother before I was 18. My wife lost her dad 2 year ago in similar circumstances to my own father. He was a good man and a good friend.

His death caused me to revive the lost of my own father that I had repressed for years and sent me into a deep depression. I was also dignosed with Generalized anxiety disorder. For the past year, I felt like I was a burden to family, friend and coworker but powered trough... until 2 month ago. 

I was taking my medication before going to bed, as usual, 1 pills for high blood pressure, 1 pill for the depresssion and then 1 pill to help me sleep..... exept once I had the bottle in my hand, it wasn't me in contro, it was like watching a movie. I rembered that I had another unopened bottle of the same pills, a weaker dosage that i did not use and remember thinking to myself "if I take all that I'm done, gonna go to sleep and never wake up, never bother anyone again ". I didn't think about the repercusion on my family, I was just unable to, or simply did not care, I don't remember. I took both bottle and swallowed a good 40 to 50 pills, then went to bed.

I woke up in the ICU 2 days later, apparently my stomach did not apreciate the amount of pills It had in it and I threw up, about 30 minute after taking them. Wife called 911 because I did not wake up. acording to the doctors, the combination of throwing up and of my wife quickly calling for help is what saved me. I was released from the hospital after a few days on a few condition, mainly that my wife is responsible for all my medications and I must be in contact with my doctor and psychiatrist once a week.

But now.... 2 month after, I feel empty, like there is no joy in my life anymore, even tough I know there is, I play with my kids, I smile to them, talk with my wife like nothing happened. I just seem to not care anymore. My psychiatrist is concerned about me making an other attempt. According to him, since the first one was no premeditated at all and that I was not "in control" when it happened , I am at risk of doing it again. I wonder if anyone here feel the same, or felt the same and got beter...