Desperately want love but I'm asexualI've been single almost my entire adult life. The sole exception was a year where I had a married female boss twice my age force me into a sexual relationship where I was emotionally and sexually abused for a year. So far she's the only person who's ever claimed to love me and was willing to look past the fact that I'm asexual (though granted she just took what she wanted).

Recently I was dating a girl who I thought I was hitting it off with. Three dates, great conversation, having fun, last night we were cuddling on a couch and kissing. I felt attracted to her in a way I've never felt attracted to a woman before. Then this morning I get a text from her saying she doesn't feel a romantic spark and is not interested in going any further. I blame the fact that thanks to my asexuality I'm not able to escalate intimacy and flirting because I'm just not that interested and as a result can't really fake it well enough to keep girls interested.

I nearly left work to go purchase a shotgun and end things. I'm convinced I'll be alone forever. Dating just isn't working out, and it takes a lot of money, time, and emotional investment just to get predictably shot down every time when it reaches the point of requiring sexual advances. While I'm fine with sexual activities, I can't offer sex because I can't get hard thanks to lack of arousal.

I desperately want a relationship. I want to love someone, be loved by someone, cuddle, basically do everything couples do. I'd have sex if I could. But it's never going to happen. Asexuals are very rare and usually aren't my type (living very alternative lifestyles whereas I just want someone "normal"). Friendships aren't a substitute; I'm 30 years old, people my age are usually coupled up. Pets aren't a substitute; a dog may love you, but it's more like a young child than a partner.

I just can't imagine going through my entire life alone, it's too painful. What's the point of living if you can't fulfill a basic, fundamental human need?