I hate myself. I hate myself so, so much.I’ve put off this post for so long. I just don’t know where to start. I feel like even you guys won’t have any thing to say to me. I feel like you guys will just cross post this to another sub and laugh at how disgusting I am in the comments. And I wouldn’t blame you, because I am that disgusting.

Let’s start, I guess. I guess I’m a trans guy, but I don’t even know that. I have day dreams all day about being a guy, yet I don’t see as much signs of hating my body anymore, and that scares me. What if I make a mistake, or if I’m just deluding myself?

My mom isn’t supportive and never will be. I haven’t even told her yet, but she already threatens to kick me out of the house. A few months ago, I cut my hair really uneven so she would have to cut it short. She said that she would starve me and/or kick me out if I did it again.

I don’t think she even cares about my feelings. A year ago I told her that I might have depression and she laughed in my face. She’s since apologized for it and now cares, but I can’t get the thought of her laughing out of my head.

My parents asked me if I wanted to get a therapist. I don’t know. I don’t know anything. The thought of me spilling my heart out only to get laughed at and end up on the streets is sickening. But then again, if I end up on the streets, at least I’ll finally accept my fate. How easy would it be to run into oncoming traffic then, I wonder?

My daydreams plague me every hour of my life. I daydream about being rich, talented, loved ... I just want to be handsome and skinny. I just want to be rich and talented. I just want a boyfriend who will love me. I have and never will have any of those things, and here I am whining about it. Like the selfish piece of trash I am.

I have a terrible personality. I’m rude and closed and not outgoing at all. I scream and yell and cry. I judge everyone while being a hypocrite. I literally have no good memories of myself that are non-academic, because I’m such a fucking cesspool of a human being that I deserve none.

I’m so lazy and I always procrastinate. I’ve put so many things off lately just so I can do pointless things like watch YouTube or play games. I haven’t talked to my friend in months. Hell, I don’t even shower every day, and sometimes I forget to brush my teeth. I never comb my hair, I always eat so much, my nails are filled with fungus ... I’m so disgusting. Disgusting, disgusting, disgusting. Go ahead and cross post this on r/pathetic or something. Go do it. I deserve it anyway.

I want to die. I know in the morning when I wake up I’ll probably be fine again. And I know why. It’s because my issues are pathetic, just like I am. And here I am, whining like a little baby. Here I am, being over dramatic like a spoiled child who didn’t get the toy she wanted. As always.

I feel like just writing this post is taking attention away from people who really have depression. And instead of helping those people, everyone will try to help some loser who thinks he has depression because of a lousy day or two. Yet I’m writing it anyway, because that’s just who I am. A selfish jerk who only looks out for himself.

I just want to stop hurting. I just it all to end.