A few questions...why do people continue to tear you down when you keep trying harder and harder to prove your worth? why do people say things like i was only friends for you for so long out of fear and dated you for that long out of fear not because i actually loved you? why do people say things like this is hurting you a lot more than it hurts me? why do people say i know as a human being you don't deserve how i treat you like a cunt but ignoring you makes me feel better? what does being a teacher and that the district i am in and that we might go on strike have to do with bettering myself?

 You forced me to date you secretly because we were both girls. i had anxiety. i have anxiety. you kept me very separate from your life and friends. you made me live a lie and in secret for 4 fucking years. we were best friends before that. when i brought up the future you dodged it. 

i used to threaten suicide when we dated. I would do this when i missed you. I would do this when you went out or away with your friends. I would do this when you avoided talks about marriage and kids. i would do this because i was a fucking secret. i would do this because i didn't feel good enough for you. i would do this when youd go to friends weddings without a date because itd be weird if you took me. i would do this when i not once spent a nye with you. 

it was probably one of the worst things i have ever done to a human being let alone my soul mate. instead of discussing things I let my anxiety and fear of losing you be the root of how i actually lost you.

a year ago you broke up with me. right before you did i realized or started to realize what i was doing wasnt healthy. it was toxic. i realized too fucking late. 

when you broke up with me, you said it was important to you that we remained friends. that we were best friends and you intend to keep it that way. 

it been a year and now you ignore me. you hate me. i spent this whole year giving you space. doting on you. still acting like a best friend. treating you better than when i dated. and you treat me and tell me im the worst thing that happened to you. 

i dont have any more fight. i used to not mean that i want to kill myself but now i think about it a lot. i think she'd be happier if i just wasnt around or could bother her or text her everyday or call. 

she says worse things to me than i ever did to her. i was a terrible girlfriend but i was a great best friend. the fact that she continues to acknowledge that OUR FRIENDSHIP doesn't exist and meant nothing makes me feel like nothing. 

So a question:


Whats the fucking point of existing if the person who made me feel like life was worth existing For doesn't give a shit what happens to me?

 