Realising I'm a lesbian and coming out is the biggest regret in my life.No kid understands sexuality until they hit their teens. I mean, I was boy crazy growing up but I wasn't genuenly into guys, I can just admit one was attractive and I thought that's what sexual orientation was. I didn't know NOTHING. I mean I fantasise about girls and had crushes on them but I didn't realise it. Then I hit 13 years old. Then I started questioning, but I pushed it down and was in deep deep denial and dealt with compulsory heterosexuality because of my homophobic parents. I didn't tell anyone. I mean everyone thought I liked this boy when I was in 5th grade when I didn't, he was just my best friend but even now people still think that I like him when I NEVER did. Everyone just pushed it. 

Then came around 15 years old. I got into a *very* brief relationship with a dude that literally lasted for 3 days, but we were friends for 1 month beforehand. I didn't like him like that. I thought I did but I didn't, it was just friend feelings but I couldn't tell the difference between the two. Then a few months later I developed a friendship with another dude who had feelings for me, but I couldn't return them at all. And that's when I realised I was crushing on my friend the whole entire time. She was so hot. I loved her. She cared about me. 

Then boom, I realised I was not entirely straight, but I didn't want to call myself a lesbian, it was terrifying. I told my friends, my mother and brother that I was bi. Everyone took it well except my mom. I wasn't bi, I was just still in denial/in the closet. I'm not bi. I'm not attracted to men. I'm a "gold star" (puke) lesbian at that. 

Then at 16, I went through really bad depression. I was depressed because I was subconsciously pushing down my feelings. My true feelings. That I was a lesbian. I always was, I just didn't know. After I realised I was gay, I looked back at myself and thought "how didn't I know? It was so clear". Then I came out to my friends again, it was all good. Then I came out to my brother, he told me I might be confused, I didn't blame him. But I wasn't confused and he still did accept me. I still haven't told my mother because she will hate me even more than she does for telling her I was bi. I'm scared to tell her because I don't want her to think I'm lying or that I'll be into men some day because I won't. I'm not fluid. I can't change my sexuality.

It ruined my life. Coming out both times. As bi because I lied and fucked myself up even more. As lesbian because I *hate* myself for it. I hate being a lesbian. I'm sick of it. I want to die. I want to end my life because of it. 

I hate being a lesbian because everyone hates lesbians. The LGBT community and straight people. Everyone. People think lesbians dont exist or that we are sexually fluid or whatever bullshit. Most of us are not. Lesbians are *constantly* pushed aside by the lgbt community and lesbians are oversexualised and invalidated by straight people. I'm alone in this. I mean i have a bi guy friend and he told me to go try some dick because i might like it, when I don't and won't. Im not into men ans that is never foing to change. No one will love me or believe me that I'm not ever going to be into dudes except my friends and maybe my brother. That's it. And I'm slowly losing my friends and I'm eventually going to make new ones and I'm terrified that they'll never accept me. 

Being a lesbian ruined me as a person, emotionally. I get severe anxiety because of my sexuality to the point where I have to resist the urge to stab myself in the heart to stop it from bearing too much. I'm scared of people don't believe me when I say I'm a lesbian and not bi. I'm very feminine too so it makes it worse. 

I'm alone. I always will be. I have a demon that I can't escape and I never will no matter how hard I try. The people close to me think I'm ok with it when I'm not and I have no way of telling them I'm not ok about it. 
