I can't take this anymore...I just wanna dieI'm done with this.

I've been up since noon yesterday. It's 9 in the morning, I have gotten absolutely no sleep. I haven't been able to eat for over 4 days, if I eat anything at all it's usually pretty small like Stouffers or something. I hate my job but at the same time I love it, because there's a lot of bonuses, promotion opportunities, perks, medical benefits...sounds great. But it ain't all cracked up to be.

I'm 20 and I'm extremely lonely. I don't want this to sound like an r/Incels post but I can't seem to care enough for myself let alone anybody else to even try anymore. Couldn't get (or give) a single fuck if I tried.

Would anybody even miss me? No. Of course not. All I'm known for is financial burdens. I owe over $11,000 in student loans for college that never even worked out...never had the money to pay the first few bills so that probably went up a thousand or so. I'm trying to get a new car, since my old Taurus broke down (I hate Fords so much) but I'm a shitty saver. I told myself I was gonna save $400 out of a $700 check, but I ended up spending it all going bar hopping and getting drunk with my friend. I'm not even old enough to fucking drink yet I can look confident enough (and I have a beard so I can pass for 21+)

I've recently stopped smoking weed, which seemed to be the only way I could take the stress away. But I took it too far, because I was trying to get over someone and ended up smoking over half an ounce in a week when I usually only smoke, what, 2 grams a MONTH? I have a shit tolerance, and that goes for any drug. I've taken Xanax, Percocet, smoked weed, drank, Vicodins and now shit ain't the same.

I've been depressed since I was a young child, contemplating suicide since I was 10. Yes, I was fucking 10 and I wanted to kill myself due to suffering abuse throughout my whole life. I would get severely beaten for small shit like forgetting this tiny detail, or forgetting this task that really ain't an issue.

I live just outside of a city with a dying economy, and the inner city treated me worse financially.

Point being guys....

Nobody would miss me.
Nobody would care.
My "loved ones" would give less of a shit, I'm just a price tag to them. $3000 and counting to be exact, over the last few years.
There's nothing I can do.
There's nobody to call.
The only friends I have either stab me in the back, take my money, or get me high/drunk.

I'm done. I don't have a date or anything but I was planning on buying a lot of Fentanyl-laced Heroin enough to kill an Elephant. Since I have a shit tolerance to everything, that should work plentiful.