I don't want to live without my best friend. [15]Her name is Parker, and I met her in March of 2016. We connected on a very personal level, and we would always talk. Things went great, and in August, I had the courage to ask her out. She said yes, but a few weeks later she went back to her ex. Our friendship was still really strong, but moving on was the hardest part, and I'm still not over her. In January, she broke up with her girlfriend, and I tried to be the best friend I could to her, but I couldn't hide my feelings well, and I would occasionally try to tell her how I feel. Things went same as usual until April 11th, the last day I heard from her. I was excited for Yooka-Laylee, and she congratulated me before saying she would be at her mom's for a few days. So, a few days later, I messaged her on skype. No response. I messaged her daily for a few more days, and still no response. I checked her steam, and she'd been offline. I got really worried, to the point where I messaged her on kik, and when she didn't respond, I knew something was wrong. I tried reaching out to all of her friends to find out what had happened, and one of them messaged me back, saying that she had been grounded for sexting. He had no idea when she would return, and Parker did message me on kik shortly after, saying the same thing, and that she does everything in secret now. I messaged her back, but to this day, my message hasn't made it to her inbox. Her friend won't respond to my messages, and all I can do is wait. After she left, I've felt empty. I've been trying my best to live without her, and to fill the void until she comes back. But no one can replace her. Her kindness, understanding, and care is unmatched by anyone. I don't know her in real life, but she does live close state-wise. It's hard to find people anything like her anywhere, real life or on the internet. I love her, and I mean that genuinely. Before I met her, I had been very suicidal and depressed, and now my mild depression is worsening, and I feel weaker emotionally every day without her being here. I don't know what to do. I tried r/teenagers, and it just made me feel a little suicidal, and now I feel very suicidal. Help me please. I don't want to live, but I don't want to die either.