Hearing your parents the only people I have left say they dont know what to do no more, 22 with no friends and nothing. It's hard 24/7 pain I was never suicidal never thought this would be my path wtf am I doing.Sorry for long message I just have alot to get off my chest and have no one to tell.

I've been struggling. But yh I got it confused it was a phone call interview which angered me as I thought what's the point. The woman asked me 2 questions on a scale from 0-8 the first question was about work, which is everyone's favourite question, that's what this world cares about if your not contributing they dont want to know, since I left school I got a job and worked I struggled with my anxiety (wasnt diagnosed at the time) I'd throw up more or less every morning before work 1000 things running through my head, but I'm not a bum I've grafted in 4 different jobs in 5 years im 22, eversince my breakdown I just dont want to do anything anymore.

On the phone to that lady the supposed to be psychologist which I dont think she was she sounded more like secretary. I froze I literally couldn't get any words out my mom being on loudspeaker with me trying to force me to speak and I couldn't find words in my head just confusion and difficulty to make decisions. It's horrible, the woman explained to my mom that it will definitely be better for a one on one no shit I had an urge of anger and frustration feel like I'm just wasting my time with this shit system it's like they dont want to help they want to make it as hard for you too get help. What a waste of time, but its taken four months to get what I thought was me going someplace and talking to someone, not over the phone. For a system of mental health used by the nhs/government it is that unorganised and my moms had 2 letters and 3 phone calls, they was supposed to call on a certain date to organise the type of therapy I want and they never 2 more times this happend. Unbelievable helps there is it fuck, i really cant sit and twist my thumbs no longer finding stuff to keep occupied is that hard and it doesn't last long neither.

So i went on a massive downer cried alot haven't eaten as I cant, I try to eat but I'm not hungry and I just chew my food until I cant no more. How much longer do I have to wait no one knows, I'm seriously getting agitated about all this I feel so trapped. 

Times flying by too, I really cant  do all this much longer not paying for my way to live I use to pay house bills, car, my dog, and my ex. I keep upsetting everyone who looks at me I can see it. Frustration and agitation is my worst enemy at the moment just trying not to give up so hard on my own no friends just my mom and dad and they've told me they dont know what to do anymore. Hearing that was hard it made me self harm the once and the morning later I instantly regretted it now I'm scared for life man. These battles by the day I dont have any coping mechanism I just dont know who I am anymore. I'm scared.