The End?I am struggling to find the will to care about my own life. I feel that I have severely and irreversibly damaged what my life could have been, badly enough to seek a life exit before my 27th birthday. I managed to catch a felony charge when I turned 18, and it follows me everywhere I go. I was trapped in my hometown at first, literally unable to lawfully exit the county for several years. Once I was able to repay my debt to the community, I was able to join the workforce as an adult and start a dead end minimum wage job. I let myself waste away for a while against that grindstone until a promotion came around. This is not a dream, but this is the best life was able to offer at the time. Denied, due to criminal background.

I couldn't handle the idea of this being it. I could not accept that a drive thru window was to be the rest of my life. I decided almost overnight that I had to go to college. I managed to barely scrape my transcript and application into the admissions office of a large university on the last day of the late application period. I got accepted!

For the first year, I was brimming with hope. Each day seemed to hold infinite promise. This momentum quickly died in the underbelly of college town. I have never been a party personality, but I am the pushover that can be convinced to serve as dd regularly. I have a pathetic need for validation, which is easily abused.

I let the opportunity of education slip through my fingers over people that don't even know if I am still alive. The fault remains mine.
I washed out into the college town, just trying to make things work, trying to keep a roof over my head, trying to find some kind of path back to the classroom. I floundered out in those wilds for a couple of years, before admitting to myself that I really just don't care anymore.

I have since moved back to my hometown, my original prison, if you will. The secret that I carry is that I have no plan or realistic intent to start fresh, try again, or get back out there. I chose to come home because there are guns here. Previous suicide attempts of exit bags and nooses always end in fear, hesitation, and a deepening self loathing/hatred.

I struggle to see the proverbial light, or simply put, the point of me living my life to a natural conclusion. It just seems like an awful lot of trouble to live valiantly as a gay, asian, bastard, felon, with no marketable skills, no car, or meaningful education, no plans, no goals, no real future of mention.

The problem I face now is my own cowardice. I walk by the guns at least once a day, and hate myself a little more for still being here, continuing to leech off of this family. I don't know much about guns, but I feel most drawn to the ruger. This is not a will to die at all. This is no will to keep living.
