Pedophile soon to be father of two. Feel stuck, tired, scared, and hanging on by a thread financially.First off, I need to start by stating I have fought off suicidal tendencies for a long time. I have attempted twice before and had thought I had them in check. They aren't.

Second, I am a pedophile. I have been attracted to underage girls for my whole life. It's not exclusive, my wife JD, is attractive. It's not my real cravings. I am the father of one boy, and we have one baby on the way. I have gotten very close to not being able to stop myself before and this scares me most.  A few years ago through some good and bad luck I came extremely close to be arrested for downloaded child porn (there was an investigation and a questioning, luckily I had encryption). That lead to the second suicide attempt.

Third, I'm very close to being fired from a job that I hate for reasons that were my fault. This I can't talk about too much for anonymity's sake. I only have self taught skills with no external verification of then (degree, certifications, etc). If this happened then our family's prospects are close to zero. We both make ok money but not enough to keep us afloat if the other didn't work. I will not be able to get another job making nearly the same amount of money.

Fourth, I desperately want to get help for the pedophilia and some other distressing mental issues, like paranoia, panic attacks, depression, social anxiety, constantly being tired, suicidal thoughts and generally not being able to focus. If some of these issues However there's something nagging in my head that if I do go for help it will be reported. I have mental health insurance, which is not the thing holding me back, I'm worried that some information will "leak" and people will find out. I would ask a doctor about the rules regarding the disclosure of their records, but how do you ask "Do you report people who are pedophiles and are concerned that they may act out thoughts?" without telling them?

Subconsciously I think I'm trying to eat myself to death and have gained 40 pounds in about 3 months, the extra weight is making me more depressed.

Paranoia is really strange, it's not that an authority is out to get me. It's that people I know and love are constantly manipulating me, even if I can otherwise know pretty well that they aren't.

Anyway, I feel myself getting close to another attempt... I've chosen car crash into a perfect I-beam on a bridge. No date yet. When I have a date is when I know I'm serious. 

Sorry for the long post, and even if everybody tell me just to go do it, I'll be glad I have been able to tell *someone*. 

This is a second throw away account, so I won't be checking it constantly. Maybe tomorrow.