Everything should be okay, but it’s not.The thoughts and feelings I have regarding suicide, are something I never let anyone know about. I grew up in a country where the largest percentage of death in men below 40 years of age is due to suicide. It’s something I recognize as a problem with myself, but I never let anyone know the full extent of my feelings. I have seen the aftermath of suicide many times in my life, yet I still think of it.

I moved to America a few years ago to be with my wife. I met her whilst traveling the states. She changed everything in life for me. I left everything behind to be with this incredible woman.

It took a couple years, but I eventually got my green card. I feel like the new presidency slowed everything down.

I got through it however, albeit with some weight gain and a lot of killing time waiting on my papers.

I used to work in software, but when I could work here I decided to bartend. I like people, especially all the diverse characters you see in Nee York city, I’m a very self conscious person, but I loved being in front of people, and cheering them up with a few drinks and conversation.

This led to working for a whiskey company.

I am in my dream job. I educate people about whiskey, promote the brand, and help bars execute whiskey events and create cocktails.

The problem is the drinking that comes with it. I’ve gained significant weight with the job, and I feel like I have a hangover most days. On good days I will have 4 drinks, the worst is more like a dozen. This last few months it has been placing the darkest cloud over me. I know i should get better at turning down drinks, it’s just a constant temptation. I have friends who work in the same industry who are in great shape and have balance in their lives. I think I just overdo things.

I do not think I am an alcoholic just yet, I typically avoid booze on the weekends, when I am off work. But I feel like it could be on the way.

To sum everything up: I have an amazing life, wife, family, and job. But I have always struggled with suicide and depression. It’s the weirdest thing, it doesn’t matter how good or bad things are, it is always there for me.

I’ve been thinking about it more and more.

