Girlfriend attempted suicide. I'm a wreck.We have been dating for 7 months. I don't believe in love at first sight, but we fell in love pretty fast. We are great together. I can't imagine my life without her. 

We both struggle with depression. I was suicidal a few years back, so I can understand what she is going through. I have been medicated for the past year and pretty ok; I convinced her to seek help, so she has been medicated for the past 4 months or so. Anyway....

I had just arrived at work. Only been there about 20 minutes, when I receive a phone call from her. We both hate talking on the phone, so when she calls it's usually because she can't text, so I answered and she was babbling; slurring; crying; the only thing I could understand was, "I did it. I'm sorry." 

I bolted out of the office. She lives about 20 minutes away and by the time I got there she was in her bed laying there. I thought she was dead. I can't remember ever being that scared. I walked over to her and she was still conscious and sobbing. She had downed a bottle of wine and taken all her Klonopin. 

I was able to get her dressed and take her to the hospital. She's in a mental health facility now and getting the help she needs. I'm just so afraid that when she gets out, she is going to try again and this time I'm not going to be there to save her. 

I understand that it has nothing to do with me. I understand depression. I've been in a place, where no matter how much someone loves you, it's not enough. But, I can't help but beat myself up. I'm about as mushy and kind as they come. Spontaneous flowers, love poems, genuinely want to spend all my time hanging out with her, I listen and hang on her ever word, basically I know I'm a good and loving boyfriend. She kept repeating, "I don't know why you love me so much. I'm horrible." I tried to tell her that's not true. 

Leaving her at the facility was so hard. She cried so much. She wouldn't let go of me when it was time for her to go. It's been almost a week and I miss her so much. We are never apart. 

I know I'm doing everything I can. I just needed to rant and get some alternate perspectives. I went through a divorce a year ago and my circle of friends is relatively null, so I don't have a ton of people to talk to. 

I'm depressed as fuck now. It's like this whole situation has made old memories and feelings come surging back. I'm not suicidal, but I sure would like to sleep for a couple of centuries. This is tough. 