I've never felt like a real personI read a post somewhere about someone talking about who they were before depression. I tried to remember what it was like to be genuinely happy and content with life, but I couldn't. I've fantasized about death for as long as I can remember. Excuse the wall of text, but I need to get this out. 

I have never actually been mentally evaluated, so I don't know if I really have depression, anxiety etc. or if this is all a very long and painful phase I'm going through. Sometimes when I'm with my friends, away from my problems, I'll find myself smiling, or a funny comment will pop into my head. I think that is the real me trying to break out of this horrible shell that I'm stuck in. I think that's who I was before my life went down the drain. 
When I was really young, my parents got divorced. This doesn't really bother me nowadays because it's all I've ever known. But what really got me was the people they got with afterwards. My dad married this woman who had/has this irrational seething hatred for me (I was like 7 or 8). When I visited her and my father, I had to sleep on the couch. She would rip my pillow out from under my head, throw her big ass purse on my legs, blow dry her hair right next to me, and call me things like 'bitch', 'worthless', 'stupid', 'whore' and insult my mother and grandmother all while I pretended to be asleep. This was only the beginning, but this post isn't about her. Basically, she made me afraid to talk, make eye contact with people, make a wrong move, even spend time with my own father.

My mother and I moved in with an older guy who also disliked me. He would get drunk and shout at me, ban me from doing mundane things, pick me up and throw me at my bed when he got annoyed with me, and was just unhelpful to my life in general. He made me afraid to leave my room for fear of doing something wrong.
In the fifth grade, I tried to kill myself. Unfortunately I was 10 and stupid and I thought taking 9 Midol would do the trick. I threw up all day and told nobody what I did, so it was written off as the flu. Around this time I met this guy online who quickly became my best friend and I relied on him completely for my happiness. I fell for him, as he was the only thing I could look forward to every day. 2 years later, we tried to date but after a few months he broke my heart and it shattered me. My mother broke up with her boyfriend and we moved in with another guy. This is my current step dad and he's great. He cares about my education, my future, he takes care of whatever needs to be done. I've been able to trust people more and I finally have a place where I feel safe. My dad is still with the step monster but when he visits me, we stay in a hotel so I don't have to be with her. Every year he tries to make me go to his house for a week or so, and just thinking about it can have me shaking and in tears. 
I've gotten better in some ways and worse in others. I can't open up to people at all. I can drop subtle hints that I'm unhappy, but only one person knows how I really feel. However I am starting to feel like I've become an annoyance. We've become more distant and mostly only talk about unimportant things. They also live in a different state than me. 

On Monday, my mother is leaving to stay at a kind of mental facility for a month to help with her depression. I feel like if I start asking for help now it will just seem like I'm seeking for attention. Not that I have the courage for that anyway. By this time next year I'll have my license and a job and I might be able to get myself therapy sessions, but for now it feels like I'm drowning alone in the dark with no way out. Ever since my grandmother died last year I've been thinking really hard about different ways to kill myself.

I don't know what to do. I feel like I've lived a lifetime, but I'm only 15. I cry every night. I haven't had a good nights sleep in so long. The bags under my eyes are ridiculous. I just want to disappear.