My thoughts and feelings don't feel justifiedMy life from a purely observational standpoint looks pretty good, really good in fact compared to a lot people in the world. I have a few really good close friends, and a fairly decent friend circle outside of that. My family lives comfortably and we don't struggle for money. My parents saved up enough for my schooling so I don't have to worry about loans or anything, and I get to use my money for trips with my friends or going to concerts and things like that. I play rugby and hockey and all my teammates there are pretty nice people and I feel like I'm fairly well-liked among them. The thing is though, I feel alone and I feel sorta depressed.   

I had depression as a symptom of a concussion I got about 6 years ago, but I got better after around a year. The next few years went by and they were pretty good, I was feeling good. Then starting around 2016 I started feeling a bit of stress. I think it's from this feeling I have that maybe my friends don't really care about me as much as I thought, or maybe I'm not really that important to anyone. I'm not sure where these thoughts came from but I just started having em. I just pushed em to the back of my mind and told myself to quit being a bitch.   

Then November 2016, I had a bit of a conflict with one of my best friends and he basically told me he had other shit to do then keep talking to me. Then I had my first panic attack since my depression 6 years ago. This caught me totally off guard and I was pretty shook. I called the friend that I had fought with and told him I had a panic attack, he asked if I was okay and agreed to hangout with me so that I'd calm down. I had another panic attack a month or two later and I knew that something wasn't right.   

Now I've had these thoughts floating around that I don't really matter for a year or two now, but recently I've had a creeping thought that I need to die to be noticed. And I don't know where all this is coming from, like I said my life seems pretty good. This lack of apparent justification for my feelings makes me feel like a huge dick to people that actually have daily struggles in their lives. So it's this endless cycle of "I'm not important enough" to "why are you complaining, you're weak" and it just keeps putting more and more stress on to me. I want to tell my friends but I don't know if they'll understand and I also don't want to burden them or seem needy. When I had depression awhile ago I told my friends and it was hard on me as well as them. I've got a couple really good friends now that I trust a lot but I'm not sure what to do.   

TLDR: I feel like I need to die or something for my friends to notice me. My life is not bad so my feelings don't feel justified but they won't go away.