Just got diagnosed borderline, and trying on new meds, I need helpMy first post ever on reddit. Im feeling so low right now, been crying all night, and I just want to get better, but nothing seems to work. During Christmas vacation, I realised my partner had been cheating on me, the night I founded out, he went to that girl house and had intercourse with her. He still came back to my place after and told me everything the next day. I completely lost it, It was the first time someone cheated on me. I felt betrayed, and couldnt wrap my head around it. My reaction was to drink as much alcool, smoke cigarette until I could forget what happen.. unfortunately that wasnt enough I was still feeling so much pain. I than decides to take a half empty bottle of xanax with a bottle of antidepressant. Just to wash the pain away, just like that I was doing my first suicide attempt.  20 minutes after I realised what I had done and called emergency, an ambulance came over and I spent 24 hours at psychiatry aisle. I started seeing a psychiatrist after that, and was diagnosed for borderline personality. For me it makes sense, but it seems close friend and family think its too much, that Im not borderline.. thing is Im really good at hiding my true self. Ive been boulimic for years without anyone ever knew I was. Ive been having intense rage and impulsive reaction when Im in love. 

Anyway.. lets come back to my story, I ended up staying with my partner, a decision that has been torturing me ever since. There is not a day that passes without me thinking he would so ut again. I will think about what happened imagining it until I start feeling sick, and than everything turns black again. I havent been easy with him after that, but how could I ? 

My psychiatrist just prescribed me a new drug to mix with my antidepressants and I started them yesterday, I hate all the side effect if taking a new drugs and I just feel like I want to give up. ive been having a lot of fights with my partner in the last days cause I dont find him supportive. I feel so alone right now, I tried to communicate with him but its just too much, I feel like a burden for him and its been breaking me even more.

There is so much in life that I wanted, like I always wanted to have a kid, but I feel so unlovable... I feel like my mental health is taking too much place, I need help. 

I need a reason to keep going