40, Numb and DoneApologies in advance, this will probably go long.

I'm male and not long turned 40. The majority of my adult life has just been one long boring slog but the last 12 months have really destroyed me. Last November my father suffered a massive stroke and is in need of constant care. He can't talk and can barely walk even with the aid of a stick. It was caused by smoking and was something you could see coming a mile off just by hearing his cough which had to be heard to be believed, he couldn't go five minutes with having a coughing fit. 

He's been out of hospital since April and in all honesty there has been minimal improvement both physically and mentally. I'd say he's about 25% "there" and as bad as it sounds he's pretty much a living corpse, trapped inside a body that can't do much. It's so sad and soul destroying to see. Just the other night I laid him down to sleep and he was so stiff and lifeless that I was certain he was going to die there and then. I sat on a chair next to his bed for 10 minutes and cried like a baby. I was convinced that was it but the tough old bastard trudges on!

My mother still works and I fill in while she's out of the house. I'm living at home and am currently out of work after leaving a long term job in January of this year and have savings to get by on so it's no real biggie in the short term. My mother however drinks too much and this has and will continue to drive a wedge between the two of us. I've noted that since last Thursday she's drunk every night bar Monday. That's eight of the last nine days, and when she drinks she gets drunk. Even ignoring my fathers health issue, I do not want to watch my mother drink herself to death. It's not my place to tell her how to live her life in her own house, but still. She's recently reconnected with her sister who could drink for England and is never sober. This doesn't help. What's ironic in all of this is that I don't drink or smoke but am suffering for others sins! 

As of now I'm exhausted by it all and want to just up sticks and disappear but my conscience tugs at me at the very thought. How can I leave my father in the total care of someone who is (by many people's definition) a nightly alcoholic? I raised the issue with my mother a few weeks back and she blew her lid screaming that "she only goes out twice a week" when the issue isn't her going out but the states she gets herself in. Damned if you don't and damned if you do I suppose. 

Now to me. My whole adult life has been a great big ball of shit. I've ruined every good thing I had going for me and if you handed me a winning lottery ticket I'd probably drop it down a drain. I'm a fuck up. I have a 15 year son that I've had no contact with since he was three years old. Early in his life I'd blame his mother for being a difficult bitch but the reality is I was a prick that did everything he could to run from the responsibility. That ship has now well and truly sailed and I just hope that the kid has had a real man help him through his early years. In honesty I would've been a disappointment to him anyway. 

As I stated I left my job in January. I was there for 23 years and bar a few thousand pounds in savings I have nothing to show for it, not even one qualification to help me get another job. Not that I have any motivation to go back into menial work. I'm told that getting back into the workplace will help my mental state. I know it won't. I know my own brain. 

I've thought of suicide for a good while now, at least 10 years. I remember saying to an ex girlfriend that I'll probably be gone by 35 and here I am at 40. I just don't belong in life full stop. I've never really fitted in and have no inclination to do so. The world around me has become more and more alien to me as the years have passed by. I don't get it and I never will. 

As of now my fathers need for care has given me some purpose and I actually feel like I'm doing some good, for once. But I feel like the end isn't that far away and I feel a sense of relief that it is. As selfish as it sounds I don't even think about those that I'll leave behind or the pain that my passing will cause. I just want out. I'm numb and soon to be done. 

Thanks for reading, just felt the need to get this all out. And thanks in advance to all who reply. Take care. 