At a point where giving up seems more simpleI’m 20 years old. Currently on supervision for a dui when I was 18. Just recently got into another alcohol related incident that caused me more trouble. I don’t even have an alcohol problem. These issues only happen when I have had to much. I barely even drink. Maybe 2 times a month. After the inicident I lost control. Started cheating with on my girlfriend. I never meant to. I never wanted to. But yet somehow my mind convinced me it was okay. I just wanted to be in the company of someone who didn’t know my flaws and mistakes. Someone to talk to about anything but my fuck ups. But incidents happened. She left me. My friends sided with her. All of them. Even my closest of friends. My family sees me as a disappointment. I’m from a small town so everyone knows who I am and the reason they do is because of my accidents. I have no talents. No passion for anything. No drive. I can’t find anything I am passionate about. I have a shitty job as a server making no where near enough money to survive alone. But I can’t stand being at my parents anymore. All I ever hear is “you got yourself here. You can get yourself out of it” and for the most part it’s true. I can. I can eventually fix these legal situations but not my mental ones. I’ve been struggling with severe depression for over 3 years now. My original accident sprialed me out of control. I thought there was no hope. I was still on my way to recovery and then this happens. I’ve never felt more of a punch to the face then ever before. I had plans to leave the state next year, now my plans are delayed five years. I was going to start saving more money, but all of it goes to legal fines and lawyers. My parents tell me they are proud of me. But I feel like they are telling me these things so I don’t harm myself. And that makes everything worse because having your own family look at you and think nothing more than I’m crazy and going to end it soon. I don’t think anyone sees it though. Because I don’t want their sympathy. I don’t want to hear their advice. I don’t want to listen. I hide my pain from everyone I know who asks. I’m the only one who knows I feel this way. I tried talking to an old friend, but they didn’t understand or tell me anything I didn’t know already. I’m tired of feeling this way. I just want to know what it’s like to genuinely feel happiness. But as the days go by I’ve notice nothing but decline. It’s like my heart and mind battle over control of my body. My heart is the only thing keeping me from doing something to myself. But my mind is very powerful. And triumphs almost every time. I’m terrified that when my heart loses its ability to fight. So will I. And unfortunately I feel like that day is closing in very quickly. 
