It Ends This WeekI was diagnosed with anxiety and depression in 2005, saw a therapist three times a week for five years, was hospitalized several times, was on every imaginable combination of mess.  In 2012 I was deemed recovered enough to wean off the last combination of meds (Remeron, Effexor and Klonopin).

Since then life has felt like a hamster wheel.  But I've learned to keep quiet and plot my end in silence.

In 2014 I was diagnosed with a heart condition that I was told would likely lead to a medical crisis sooner rather than later.  I took the opportunity to draft a living will that restricts treatment enough to make survival unlikely.  Last year I became desperately ill from organ failure caused by the heart condition.  Against all odds I survived.  

But surviving is about all I can do.  I spent 100+ days in the hospital last year for treatment of sepsis, acute respiratory distress, liver and kidney failure etc.  So far this I've spent another two weeks in the hospital.

I can't work, lost my home, moved in with my SO, who is sweet and generous but dull as bath water.

So I've decided to leverage my stage 3 liver fibrosis, generally weakened condition and the PICC line that's in place to bring about an unsurvivable medical crisis. I'm having a diagnostic test later this week under anesthesia.  It requires me to fast for two days before hand.  Fasting increases the liver toxicity of Tylenol.  So when I get home, I will down 32 mg of Zofran along with a small dose of benzo (prescribed with a bunch of other meds for managing nausea), blend 50 grams of Tylenol into a smoothie and take to my bed 'with the flu and/or post test fatigue'.  I have plenty of anti-emetics (oral and suppositories), liquid morphine and benzos to ride out a few days at home - i.e. to get past the early stage of Tylenol poisoning and the point where I can be saved from liver and kidney damage and resultant brain swelling.  Even if my symptoms become unmanageable and I get taken to an ER, I have the good fortune of being allergic to the Tylenol poisoning treatment drug of choice, Mucomyst  (which was used on me previously in an attempt to relieve oxidative stress on my liver during an episode of sepsis-induced liver failure and provoked anaphylaxis).

My hope is to get to where my drum Tylenol level becomes undetectable so that my death is ruled something like 'cryptogenic' liver failure.  With a normally functioning liver five days would do it.  With my impaired liver function, who knows?  In any case, there is also the slim chance that someone will order a toxicology screen that might detect metabolites of Tylenol.  But I consider being labeled a suicide a risk worth taking.  To help things along, I've brewed up a syringe of gut bacteria to inject into the PICC line to bring on another (hopefully fatal) episode was of polymicrobial sepsis before heading to the hospital to receive palliative care for a messy but almost inevitable end.

If this fails, I recently got a firearms ID, a Sig Sauer and ammo to wrap things up.