When do suicidal thoughts require hospitalization?Recently I’ve been feeling a much stronger urge to hurt myself. In the past, it’s usually fleeting thoughts that go away pretty quickly. Right now, I get vivid images of what I want to do, and they play in a loop in my head for a pretty long time. 

And maybe I’m easily influenced, and that makes me susceptible to its influence, so when I have these thoughts in my head, I end up in the “I really want to get up and do it” headspace. 

I’ve been trying to push the thoughts away as often as I can, but to be honest, they’re really strong. I’m not in profound pain whereby I need to attempt a suicide to escape the state that I’m in. Honestly, I’m just not too attached to the prospect of living. Everything just feels a little... flat, I guess. Like day-to-day life is a grey void and the idea of ceasing to exist is a burst of color that seems to be getting more and more inviting to me. 

I usually am in bed when I get these thoughts, so I usually try my best not to leave the bed. I try to go to sleep instead, because if I leave the bed, I might do it. I don’t have a plan, though. It feels like more of an impulse. 

My thoughts go as far as: I’m thinking of slicing my arm with a kitchen knife &gt; I could do it now, everyone’s asleep &gt; All I have to do is get up and get a knife &gt; Should I do it now? &gt; They’re going to find me tomorrow and be sad, but by then I’ll be gone. 

So, there’s no suicide note or plan to do it at a specific time, or a specific date, if you get what I mean. 

Because of this, I’ve honestly been wondering if it would be a good idea to get inpatient treatment, as I feel like I’m becoming less and less attached to stopping myself from hurting myself. The thoughts and urges are just getting so strong and so inviting, and I’m just getting so tired of having to check myself. 

So, I’d like to get some opinions. Do you think my suicidal thoughts (as described) are bad enough to require hospitalization? If not yet, then when would they be serious enough to require a trip to the ER?