Apparently I'm just an attention whore and because others have experienced this or that I should just be able to get over things like they have.People think I say things for attention or whatever. That isn't true. I post things to get it out because if I don't it explodes and it ends up with serious consequences. I'm not faking. I think about it all the time. I'm even prepared for it. I've thought about how and when I would do it and I've thought about the words I'd leave behind for those who it would hurt. I fantasize about it every day. Yes I need help, I know I need help. I've sought it and I don't get it. I've tried to check myself into the hospital twice in the last three months and I just get turned away because they don't take me seriously either. Honestly I don't like the attention it brings. Who wants to be known as the depressing guy who always brings everyone down? The only reason I haven't and I don't go through with it is because I actually give a shit about the people around me. I know that I'm loved and cared for by a lot of good people even though sometimes I can't feel it and I don't think I deserve it. It really pisses me off when people want to tell me why I am this or that way and how I'm just an attention whore. If I wanted attention I'd go about it a different way and I damn sure wouldn't run around holding up a sign broadcasting my crazy. No one has any right to tell me or anyone else what I'm going through in my head because you don't know. You don't know my struggles and you don't know my thoughts.

It pisses me off to no end how so many people want to compare their own thoughts and their own experiences to those of others. I've got a news flash for you. Everyone is different. Everyone has a different thought pattern. We all have different demons and we all have different angels. So before you lay your experience over those of others and you discount someone else's pain because of your experiences with your own you should realize that it was your experience and not theirs. None of us have the ability to experience anyone else's experience. What you are seeing is nothing more than your own observations filtered through your own reality.