I was doing so well.These last couple weeks I have felt the best I have ever had. My depression seemingly "stopped" one day. Everything started to "fit" again. Smiling, laughing, setting goals and getting things done felt good.

Well today, I guess I got triggered, and I am starting to feel bad again. The first thought of suicide popped in my head. I dont want to start feeling like this again. I dont want to be depressed anymore, or suicidal, but I really just don't see the point anymore.

My trigger is not having food in the fridge and inconsistent sleep. I asked my bf to go to the store to get us something this morning when he got off his night shift, and I went to bed because I couldn't sleep at night. Instead he goes to subway and gets us subs. I wake up and there is still no food, just soggy subs. The money we spent on that could of went towards groceries that we were supposed to get. Im so tired of this dance. Every month this happens, for at least a week we dont eat. We are so behind on everything. Even though we are taking steps to consolidate our debts its still too much for us to afford.

I am still on the hook for 5 years to pay off the red in my bank accounts with no job or money. I'm scared to spend my money. I dont even look into my account anymore because I am scared. My boyfriend took on my debts against my wishes. I dont want him on the hook for it, especially if I am suicidal. Why wont he just let me leave, for us to separate. Now we have a contractual agreement, and if I do end up dying no matter what he will be on the hook for it. I dont see myself alive in 5 years. Heck, I cant even picture a week from now right now. But I dont want him to pay for my mistakes. Im the one who lost my job. Im the one that got into the car accidents (not my fault). Im the one that cant find a job anymore. Im the one who cant pay to live anymore.

I've been wearing the same clothes for the last 4 years. I don't have cable, just internet and a cell phone that I cant afford. No one but bill collectors call me anyways. I never go out. I dont drink. I dont have a car anymore. I dont have the will to be alive anymore.

I know it seems like such a silly reason to get depressed and suicidal over but I cant keep doing this. I dont want to live anymore, for anything or anyone. I just want it to stop. This is torture. It's a tease. I was doing so well only to fall into the pits again. There has to be a way other than suicide to make this stop. But in my searches I have never find anything that can help. I'm just so done. I knew I shouldn't of have made plans for next weekend to travel to see my sister. Im not going to keep it, and it will give people even more of a reason to be more fed up than they already are with me. I'm positive people are growing tired and fed up with me. And all I want more than anything else right now is for all of this to just STOP.