I need serious help with helping my best friend.I'm not suicidal but she is. I hope this is still an appropriate post for this subreddit.

My best friend recently tried to kill herself. She's physically okay but has been in the hospital for several days due to her mental condition. She has a history of serious depression for at least about a year and a half, and if I remember correctly this is the 5th time that she has been hospitalized within that time frame. This time while in the hospital, she has pretended I am family in order to call me every couple of days.

Today she called and told me she thinks she's getting out in the next day or two. But the problem is she basically explained that they aren't helping her and it's gotten to the point where she is just telling them what they want to hear in order to get out. She said that they can't help her so she wants to leave and "whatever happens happens." Apparently somebody there told her that her suicide attempt wasn't real and was clearly just a cry for help because otherwise she would have taken more pills. She told me that they're wrong and she just didn't know how much to take. They've been telling her that she needs to be responsible for herself and she thinks that they're just not doing anything for her. We talked for a bit and I gave her the best talk I could concerning life and her potential and while I think she appreciated it and took everything I said to heart, I feel like she just doesn't have faith in herself anymore. Even worse, she doesn't think she deserves a good life, so she has no motivation to try and work through her problems. I know she's a wonderful person be she just doesn't have any self esteem.

She told me that she loves me multiple times and I know that she means it. She listened to me but I just feel like nothing is getting through to her. I can tell that she's giving up and I'm scared. She's desperate and I feel she's at a high risk of committing suicide when she is released. 

I don't know what to do, I need advice. I love this girl with all my heart and I'm terrified of something bad happening to her. I think I'm going to get in touch with her parents tonight or tomorrow and let them know what I do. I feel like they really haven't been there for her enough lately and she's been relying on me as her best source of emotional support for quite a while. She's 17 and her parents are divorced, by the way. If there's anything else you think I should do or could say to her please let me know. She promised to call me tomorrow. I really am scared, Reddit. I've been so stressed and dismayed recently it's hard for me to even cry anymore.