So, a "friend" wrote a poem about me. I felt miserable before, but this made me depressed to the point where I don't want to live.Long title is long. I really need to talk because I feel pathetic and suicidal, even if no one responds back. I'm sorry if this is the wrong place for this.

I've been dealing with guilt problems, self-harm, and this overall feeling of miserableness for years. My guilt problems come from family and friend issues. I can't really say where the others are from, as I can't tell you what I don't know. 

About three years ago, I made a friend. She was everything to me. Let's call her Alex. Alex always supported me through everything. She made me laugh, she made me smile, and she made me forget all the bad things. I forgot all of my problems. 

One day, I discovered that I might have the opportunity to move 3,000 miles away, which was something I really desired, and still do desire. I was scared to lose her, but excited to move. She was the first person I told. 

When I told her, she didn't say a word. She just looked at me with an ugly scowl. I asked her what she thought about all of this, since she hadn't opened her mouth once. She shoved me and told me, "Do whatever makes you happy." She ran off.

The next day I received a letter that said something to the effect of, "Never speak to me again, I hate you." I sent her a letter back, and we came to a compromise to talk about it. We did talk about it, and it went well.

Things were all well for about two months, but slowly, she started talking to me less and less. Until one day, she posts a poem titled "Fuck You" on her deviantArt. What follows is her poem, word for word.




"This turmoil I feel inside me, this pain I live through and attempt to ignore.
I smile between gritted teeth, and pretend I can live through this.

I pretend, that I am not here. 
That I am elswhere
And not just in a shadow of someone else. 

You think your better than me
You think you are superior over me
Well congrats.
You've won.

You've broken my mind beyond repair
To where all I hear is your dim-witted insults.

I am not strong enough to simply let this go. 
Whether I know not the difference of love and hate,
I do understand what I feel now in your presence. 

Smiles, laughs,
They peirce my inner being
They make me cringe

Why not?
Why not forget about me, and leave me be
In my world of decrepid darkness and despair?

But of course not.
Your not finished.
Not until I snap
Not until you see me break, and have your last laugh. 

Now I'm alone in my battle. 
No one is standing by my side.
They all play into your devious lies, 
Your wicked smile tricking them.

I don't care.
I honestly don't care anymore.
I've figured you out.
I understand your plot for my downfall.
Fuck you.


I can't stand to be around you anymore."






And she said right in the description that it was about me. She posted it for all of the world to see. It was completely unexpected and came from nowhere. Yes, she is the shittiest poem writer ever, but it's got a message, and it's very clear.

I just don't know what I did. I never talked poorly of her, and I always defended her. I can't sleep anymore. I haven't talked to anyone since this incident. I've had incredibly strong urges to cut, but I haven't. 

I feel like a bad guy. A REALLY, REALLY bad guy. I've fucked up beyond a shadow of a doubt. I don't want much to do with anybody or anything anymore. I would really like to end my relationship with everybody. I'm really sick of me being someone who "wants to ruin everybody's life." 

All I want to do is go home. I just filled my life with Alex to just keep me distracted from how bad I wish I wasn't here, and I wish that I REALLY did have the chance to leave.

I genuinely do not wish to live anymore, as I feel like all I've done is just hurt people, and I feel like a pathetic human being. I know I'm just a big baby, and it's not that bad, and I should really suck it up. But it would just be easier if I gave up. I feel like dying is the only way out of this.

Sorry for rambling. I need to suck it up. I'm pathetic. I know.

EDIT: Grammar and spacing stuff.