I am alone. I have a gun. I need a dog.My husband is out of town to meet up with some of his fraternity brothers for a football game at their alma mater. No pets. No kids. I am too ashamed of my feelings to call anyone. 

I am okay 80% of the time, but I suffer from sporadic bouts of depression that include really intense suicidal thoughts/urges. There is a loaded gun in the top drawer of my nightstand for protection. My kitchen is full of knives. My medicine cabinet has an industrial sized bottle of ibuprofen. The liquor cabinet and wine rack hold enough for more than one person. 

I have only told my husband about these feelings once. I didn't want to. He was driving us to family dinner at my parents' house a little ways away and I started feeling the overwhelming sense of uselessness and wishing I didn't exist while looking at the cement construction barrier to my right. I was taking deep breaths to calm myself, but that isn't an instant fix. The tears started pouring down my face and my husband, not the most observant although super loving and supportive, noticed. He thought he'd done something wrong. He was worried. I told him "Oh, it's stupid. Sometimes I get overwhelmed with feelings of uselessness and I feel like the world would be way better without me in it. I'll be fine it just takes awhile for these feelings to go away." He assured me loves me and he would be devastated if anything ever happened to me as would my family, my friends. My coworkers would miss me and for sure one of my bosses would be absolutely lost without me.

When I was a teenager I would have really vivid dreams in which I would die in some new horrible fashion every night. I am not exaggerating. It was worse when I would workout. It's no different now at 28. My mind has gotten more creative. It lures me into dreams where my life is perfect. Then, little by little, like picking flaking paint off an old door with your fingernails, it starts to fall apart. If I have a garden, the plants start to die or turn poisonous, slowly infecting the ground and working its thorny vines into my perfect house and tearing apart everything inside with an agonizing slowness I can do nothing to stop. The vines wrap around me and hold me as my husband opens the door I try to scream to warn him, but I'm choking. They stab him through the heart and slowly crush me while he slumps against the door frame, dying. Once he's dead, the vines release me, only to fell me with a similar blow before I can escape. I die knowing that the vines will claim anyone who comes near the house to check on things when I won't answer my phone or my husband hasn't shown up at the office or responded to clients in days. It's my fault. I planted the garden. 

In high school I had pets, lived with my parents and two sisters, and had lots of friends nearby.

My family is only an hour away, but I don't want to let them know what's going on. My husband is out of town and I don't want him to worry. I have one friend in my new city and I don't know her all that well and I don't want her to think I'm crazy. I feel like someone is sitting on my stomach with one hand on my chest and the other forcing my face to look at the nightstand while listing off all my flaws, fears, shortcomings, and failures. I know what they want. I know what's in the top drawer just inches below my hand that's gripping its top. I am waiting for my sanity to come save me. I am typing this hoping that part of myself that wants to live and knows that there is too much to do to die right now shows up soon. The part that still isn't my biggest fan but holds way too much pride to let me fail too bad. The side of me that says "You really shouldn't do that. It's so weak, selfish, and shameful. Think of your mom, think of your dad. What would they do? Would you really put them through sorting through all your shit to find some clue you didn't leave? Your husband would be so ashamed. How could he feel okay about having people over to comfort him with all this mess. You should get up and clean something. This is ridiculous. Not to mention you're overweight. What would they bury you in? None of your nice things fit anymore. At least lose some weight and clean the house first. We can revisit this then."

I need a dog. Not even a therapy dog. Just a dog. Feeding myself is not reason enough to get out of bed. Taking care of myself is not enough for me to go for a walk. My need and my husband's need to live in a clean and healthy home is not enough to move from our bed. But I do have a friend coming over tomorrow night. She'll definitely think I was crazy if I didn't call or answer the door when she got here. If I had a dog though, I would have gotten up hours ago to feed it and let it out. I am not enough to live for, but I have had a dog before. That dog was my life. 

I am living to get to a point in my life where it wouldn't be irresponsible or inconsiderate to get a dog. Life is too busy and uncertain right now and it wouldn't be fair to the dog, but I really need one right now. 

Edit: I need something external to push me from this place because that gun is really close, and I am having trouble talking myself out of this. 

EDIT2: So, woke up totally fine. Thanks everyone who talked to me last night. Hopefully I won't be back here anytime soon posting about my suicidal thoughts. I plan on coming back to help others going through similar situations. 