girl in need seeking words of wisdomto the kind readers of SW - 

I am writing because I don't know where else to turn.  I have been struggling with depressive symptoms since middle school, but was not diagnosed until my freshman year of high school (in which I developed an eating disorder that required hospitalization).  I became involved with someone similarly depressed, and we fell very deeply in love.  He made me better, and I brought out the best in him.  We had a very passionateHe broke up with me a year later because he realized how serious things were at such a young age, and he wanted both of us to have "normal" high school and college experiences.  It took me a few years to fully let go, but I was able to feel like my life had a purpose about six months after the break up.  To this day, getting over him was the hardest thing I have ever done; I have never felt so hopeless and helpless in my entire life.

For many years after that heart-wrenching break-up, I drowned myself in so, so many relationships (that I realize now were meaningless) to avoid the horror of myself.  I have spent so many years in self-loathing that I don't know which way is up.  The problem is that nobody (including myself) understands why.  I have a loving, successful, and supportive family; I attend Boston College; I've never had trouble making friends, and have always been considered popular.  I've always been told I'm stunning, beautiful, gorgeous, etc., but I don't (and have never) felt any of these things.

After spending some much needed time to myself (without any boyfriends), I met a very caring person who brings out the best in me.  The problem is that being with him makes all my depressive symptoms come back (and not by any fault of his own).  I just can't figure out why.  I'm exhausted from the emotional roller coaster that is my life.  I never want to get up in the morning; every day I wake up on the wrong side of the bed.  I have to feign happiness in every social setting, and I'm sick of it.  I'm sick of feeling inadequate, unworthy, and most of all, sick from unhappiness.  I can't motivate myself to do anything.  When I go to the gym, I can't finish a work out.  On my days off, I watch TV for 12 hours at a time.  I have accomplished nothing I set out to do for this whole summer, and I dislike every single part of my life.

I am posting this because nothing else has helped.  Not therapy, not medication, not talking to friends.  I'm at my breaking point, and I honestly feel like I am incapable of being happy. I want more than anything to get better, to BE better, I just don't know how.  Please, anyone, do you have some advice for me?  I can't tell you how much it would mean to me for some useful advice about how to get out of my own head and off of the damn couch.

Thank you for your time and for listening.  I hope to return the favor someday.