The loneliness is killing me slowlyThrowaway because I don’t want to be exposed to people who know my handle.

For the last 5 years, I’ve worked two jobs with 50+ hours a week. A lot of days were double shifts. I’d start at 3am and get off at 4pm. I only had one day off a week.I didn’t have a lot of time to hangout with friends. My boyfriend (now fiancé) and I barely had time for our relationship. I was exhausted and felt lonely.

I wanted to hangout with friends. I wanted to go on date nights with my boyfriend. I wanted to play my favorite video game all day or get lost in my favorite book. I had dreamed of having enough time to dedicate to following my dream of becoming a photographer. But, my life revolves around work and I literally did not have enough time in the day.

Since COVID hit, a lot of things have changed. I lost my full time job (the money maker) and my hours were reduced at my second job. I have never had this much free time in my 31 years of life. I did get to play my favorite video games all day. I did get to pick up a book and get lost in the story. I even picked up my camera, started a website and began my photography journey - which has been doing well. But, I feel more lonely than I did when I didn’t have enough time in the day. And I don’t know why. 

Maybe it’s the break in my daily routine that’s taking a toll on me. Maybe it’s the fact that even though I have a lot of extra time, there’s nothing to really do social wise since Covid has everything on lockdown. I’m the sort of person that needs consistency in their life and I don’t have it at this point in time.

I thought I would be happy to have free time. But it has made even the simplest of tasks hard to overcome. It’s hard to get out of bed in the morning. My favorite games and reading do not spark joy. It is hard to exist right now. When my fiancé and I go to bed I have never felt more lonely. I feel as if there’s a weight on my shoulders and it’s holding me down every day.

I think the exhaustion over the last 5 years of my life has clouded that feeling of letting go, if that makes sense in any way. My heart hurts a lot these days. There’s a dull ache in my chest every minute of every day. I just want to feel whole again.