M/13 my storyYes, I am thirteen, and yes, this is a throwaway, and yes I typically do not like writing, just to get that out of the way. Kinda just want to share my family story, sorry for bad everything, it's late :/

 Here is a bit of backstory. My family has always been a bit left field. My parents have been divorced were married for at least fifteen years beforehand and were divorced since 2010 because of my dad (let's call him joe) cheated on my mother( let's call her Kelly) and for other reasons I don't want to get into. Me, being only 6, did not care in the slightest that mommy and daddy don't "love each other anymore". My sister, on the other hand, (let's call her Jenny) was probably traumatized because of it because of her being 2 years older than me. After Kelly and joe got the divorce, things started to go way downhill. My dad'a side has a ton of alcoholics and history with not being the best at self moderation when it comes to alcohol.  After the Divorce, joe started to drink very heavily. Of course, joe had a history with his mother being a total whacko, and for the most part did not have a pleasant childhood. He started to make very poor decisions. My sister has told me stories where he would chase us around and throw empty beer bottles at us. My mother, on the other hand, took her problems head on. She had lots of depression and anxiety the couple of years after, but, bless her good soul, she actively              sought out help for all of her problems, with two young children to take care of also. 
Fast forward a couple of years, and my mother is remarried to my stepfather (let's call him Biden) . Of course , like any jealous exes, joe absolutely despises Biden 
Even though having a girlfriend for being happy with Kelly.
This is when things start to get rough. (Note: this particular incident was in third grade) it was the weekend in June, and we were having a garage sale. I decided it would be a good idea to drill holes into one of my dads shitty cars's snow tires. Of course, I did not know at the time, because I thought they were just random extras because they were in a literal ditch on the side of our house where we piss in. Of course, he is red with anger, so with people watching, grabs me by the neck, choking me, dragging me up 2 flights of stairs, and locks me in my room for 5 hours. He told me if I moved, or even made a peep, he would beat me with a metal bat. Of course, being absolutely petrified, asks if I could go to the bathroom, which he responded with a no. I ended up, humiliated, sitting in my own piss we my dad mocked me.
It is fourth grade, and at the time going to a shitty catholic school. 300 kids, minimum wage all around, rapey priests, the whole kitchen caboodle. I was never the odd one out, or never was I the one people swarmed around to talk to. Enter in my best friend (let's call him Lucas). I met him early that year. We would always talk about schoolwork, how "mature" we wore, video games, or jerking each other off ( not the last one. I promise.) Honestly, he probably saved my life at least a dozen times. Then comes summer, where in ninety days, I was going to eat a fifth grader. It was all fun and games until the incidents came. My father caught me in a lie where we were supposed to go to a swimming camp (I already knew how to swim btw) at a public park. I was with one of my cousins at the time, he was just about as dumb as me. Me, being the edgy pre-teen that I was, decided that swimming camp was for nerds, and I decided to skip. When he gets to my cousins house, he noticed that the towels were completely dry. Of course, he is not mad at the spot because my aunt was there and was defending me. Once we got home, however, he made me sit down, got out habanero hot sauce I bought for him as a present, and force fed it to me. At the time, I hated anything spicy, and I also had lots of blisters, so tl;dr ow. Lots of tears, lots of drooling, lots of water, lots of self hated. After that, everything was pretty okay until late April last year. 
By this point, I have lots of suicidal tendencies, depression, self hated, all of that jazz. I was in sixth grade, and I absolutely despised that fucking school. Every day was a living nightmare. Me waking up from dreams in a cold sweat and all of that shit. During this portion of April, we were just finishing up the question science fair, after a months worth of buildup. Note I did go there with a collar because my dad left red marks on me from he grabbed me earlier that evening. Also note: my mother is out of town, and I am at my dads for an entire week. One night, I had two projects due next week, and he wanted to get them all done. Honestly, that night was a blur. I remember my dad cussing at me, throwing me against a wall, putting me outside in my pjs and locking the door, and refusing me food. The cops are called, but it's too late. It's already over. I cried myself to sleep, cut my wrists, tried to let it all end right there. later, my  sister told me that she took a shit load of pills to try to do the same thing as well. I didn't cut deep enough, Jenny threw them up. We stopped seeing joe for 3 months. My sister has not been there for two overnights because of such bad ptsd. The point is, I have always had suicidal tendencies. I have always been a nihilist. My sister bottles things up, and hangs on to every single thing someone does to hurt her. We got through it. We are ok. I hated to admit to someone that I was thinking of killing myself very often. I did it. You can too. I hate to be cheesy, but please don't do it. Thanks for reading.