I hate myself and my life and I just don't feel like going on.I'm 18M, bi, and 385lbs.



So the way I'm ganna do this is basically make a list of everything so stick with me.


1. I hate my body I hate that I'm fat and can never seem to change that, I have no confidence in my penis size and I know the penis isn't the only thing when it comes to sex I just feel humiliated cause of it and the fact that I don't think I could satisfy anyone with it

2. I haven't been in a relationship for more than a month (both guys and girls) and they've all been long distance.

3. I have no irl friends only online and I've know them since I was 11

4. I've never even had a best friend I've always been second or even third

5. The only people I'm around are my stressful mom who is part of the reason for my social life and tries to make everything about her, or my guilt tripping grandma who I have to hide alot of myself from cause she's a bigot

6. I have nowhere to go and there's honestly nowhere to go in my town so I just stay in my room on my pc and distract myself with video games, YouTube, ect... Basically just distracting myself from my own life cause any time I think about it I cry

7. I'm maxed out on my meds that are supposed to make me feel better but they aren't working anymore and I've tried all different kinds

8. I eat to try and feel better but it just doesn't help anymore but I don't have anything else to do

9. My back is fucked and I was going to physical therapy but now the whole place is shut down cause of covid

10.i feel like no one can help cause anytime I've gone to friends or family it's just I feel you or you know your not the only one and no actual help

11. Nothing significant has ever gone my way in life sure may a little good thing or result here or there but the bad just outweighs the good by 10*

12. Like I'm worthless and the only thing is keeping me going is some people will be sad if I'm gone for whatever reason



That's all I can think of right now there are alot more but I'm crying to much to think of them.