At this point, giving in and dying would be so much easierI've honestly destroyed my life with no hope of recovery. I am in university, on academic probation, due to my bad grades the last time I went. If I fail any class, I will be kicked out. And my depression has been so bad the last semester, there is no way I will be able to pass the one class. I'm probably going to bomb the final and be kicked out of university.

My parents took a chance on me, letting me move back in so I can go to university, and seemed so proud of me. But yet again I let them down, cost them money with no return to investment. I honestly sit in bed wondering what positive things I have done for my parents, what good influence I have over their days, and come up with nothing. Disappearing seems like the better alternative for them.


My parents know I am depressed, but don't really understand it, and seem to think I'm doing a lot better, probably due to me not going to a councilor anymore. But I didn't stop going because I felt I didn't need it, but because my councilor came to a conclusion that I didn't agree with at all, and pushed for me to act on it when I didn't want to.

I haven't told my parents how bad of a place I am in, mostly out of fear of seeing them hurt or angry, which on its own is an immature way of looking at things. Here I am, a 23 year old man, afraid of making his mommy mad, but honestly, the thought terrifies me still.

But now I have no chance of getting a good education, my parents will yet again be disappointed by my continued failure in life. They always thought I was going to be some big scientist or doctor or something.

And my life is fucked due to this overwhelming apathy. I struggle to care about anything at all, everything is pointless or is something I will fail at anyways. Here I am trying to study for a final, and still the thoughts cross my mind that it doesn't matter, to give up, and crawl into bed and hide from the world. All I want is something to motivate me, anything to get me excited about life, but that seems impossible at this rate. Whats the difference between a life of nothing but apathy and death? Death just seems so nice and easy. 

Sorry about the wall of text, I guess this was more of a rant then anything.