My "Letter"–I'm wondering if anyone out there is on the same level.To those that knew me,

Everyone that has come into my life has had some impact on me, and has left a mark, good and/or bad. Similarly, I, too, have left a mark on the people whose lives I’ve impacted, good and/or bad. We all have good and bad in our lives, we all have problems, and we all have good things. But there comes a point for some individuals where there is simply too much bad that overshadows and cancels out any good. Yes, there can be much to live for, but there is also much that makes living futile and unbearable.

There are innocent mistakes and there are intentional acts. Many people have done bad in their lives, have made mistakes. For many people, we brush those things off, we see why they did it, we come up with the narrative to justify the action. But for some things, the only narrative is the action itself. There’s no other rationalizing involved. Someone who gives someone herpes is a terrible person. Terrible people have nothing to offer the world.

I’ve done terrible things in my life. I’ve lied to people. I’ve disrespected them, reduced their humanity. And half the time, I didn’t even realize what I was doing, but then one day I did. I guess that’s what they mean by growing up. 

I met a guy who said he bullied kids all the time, and as he grew up, he was able to see himself in a new perspective and thought that he would beat his kid’s butt if he behaved like he had done. Maturity offers a new perspective, a new lens to see our actions through.

So too I have seen my life in a new lens. I took for granted many, many things. I thought my actions had no impact in the world, but the reality is simply this: life is what we make it. We have choices, so many. We are presented with options, to do what is moral, or to do something contrary. 

As of late, I’ve been having a very difficult time doing what is moral. After seeing what I had done, I wanted to make myself right. HOW THE HELL DO I DO THAT?! HOW DO I TAKE AWAY WHAT HAS BEEN DONE?? I play video and computer games. Sometimes I mess around, make the character kill himself or someone, and knowing it’s wrong (and that I’ve essentially ruined my character’s life) I simply close out and start at a new save point. You can’t do that with life. You can’t erase things. I try to forget the evil that I’ve done, but I simply can’t forget. 

Counselors, friends, and even my priest have told me that I’m “only human” and I’m “not perfect.” But what is it about these so-called justifications that all of sudden remove culpability from me and enable me to live my life as I did before my “human mistakes”? 

There are shitty people in the world, and I’ve become one of them. I am no better than anyone, and am worse than many.

I see no reason for me to continue living. I am miserable. My thoughts haunt me. My past haunts me. The present haunts me. And my future looks just as shitty given my past and present. 

I’ve dealt with depression my entire life. As a little kid, I remember running to my room and crying after my mom and dad would fight. I remember my mom poking my dad with a fork causing him to bleed and he, drunk, bleeding on the kitchen floor. I saw this when I was about seven or eight.

I cut myself for the first time when I was about ten or so. I did it because I heard about other people doing it. It was the early 2000s and being “emo” was all the rage. But somehow, I just wanted to do damage to myself just to see what it would feel like. I only did it once, and never again. I have a barely noticeable scar that is covered by my watch on my wrist. I never wanted to do it again because I didn’t see the point. What would mutilating myself done to solve any of my problems? So, being rational, I never did it again. 

I find myself now wanting, again, be self-destructive. I cut my wrist when I was ten “just to try it,” I drank myself stupid several times during college because “I was young,” I had sexual encounters with probably 50+ people in my life because sex made me feel some sort of connection, I did cocaine, acid, and copious amounts of weed because I saw no long-term harm in it. These self-destructive behaviors I did, not with the intention of actually destroying myself, but because, in my immaturity, I saw no ‘real’ consequence to them. Sure I had wake-up calls. I threw up on a bar at a local nightclub and got kicked out. I slowed my drinking after that. I got pulled over for making a left without a turn signal on a yellow. I controlled my liquor more and didn’t drive. Most recently, I don’t remember driving home from a bar one night and was fortunate–so fortunate–that I got home safe, and without killing anyone, or getting a DUI. These checks served to wake me up to change my behavior before a real consequence would happen. 

Now here I am, writing this, planning my death, because I have real consequences to face in life. By real, I mean they are irreversible, and they are a permanent part of me. Unless I’m to get a lobotomy, I can’t remove them. I can’t talk them away. I can’t think them away. I can have whatever “positive” or “negative” attitude I want about them, but they’re not going away. My only option at this point is to remove myself from this life. 

I may have given people herpes because of my recklessness. But how reckless can I be when my break-out spot is on my forehead and I am diligent about taking an antiviral to suppress my breakouts? That is not the issue though. Honesty is the issue. I wasn’t honest and upfront with people, allowing them to make their own decisions about whether they want to sleep with the “leper” or not. 

God, how I wish I would have seen how my “problems” a year ago were not “problems” at all. I wish I was able to make the right decision in the moment, and not have to rely on later reflection to figure out what I should have done. My impulsiveness has benefitted me in some areas of life, and has led to my demise and the demise of others as well.

I wish my view of the world hadn’t changed. I wish I was the same person, but I’m not. I can’t look in the mirror. I can’t sleep at night. I rely on others’ words of encouragement to recite in my head as to why life is still worth living and how much I have ahead of me. But that’s not how it works. People sleep at night knowing they have purpose, knowing they’ve done good, knowing that they’re secure, in one way or another. I have none of that anymore. I have screwed up. I’ve cheated on my boyfriend. I’ve possibly given people herpes. I’ve acted on impulse. And the thoughts in my head never let me forget what I’ve done. I don’t let myself forget what I’ve done. The people I’ve hurt certainly don’t forget it, and I cannot either out of respect for them. At the very least after screwing someone over, at least I can say I’m sorry and have remorse for it. 

I’m not evil. I don’t wish bad on anyone. I wish I could take back everything I’ve done, even to my enemies. I don’t believe anyone should have to suffer at my hand. And I can’t take back things that are permanent. Biological conditions such as HSV infection are permanent. The hurt my ex-boyfriend felt from my cheating, although not permanent, permanently damaged our relationship leading to its demise. I can’t take any of this back and IT SUCKS. It more than sucks, like it’s just plain awful. And I feel awful that it’s been my hand that’s done it. I can’t live with myself anymore. I can’t stand to hear people say how great at I am at the other things in life when I’ve been terrible in many other ways. I’m a hypocrite for accepting praise. I just want it all to end. The praise, the suffering, the hurt, to myself and to others I’ve hurt. It just needs to end and removing my consciousness will end my suffering. Removing myself will prevent further hurt to others. 

I am in law school. I hold a degree in Molecular &amp; Cellular Biology. I play piano and lead music at my church. I am adored by my parents and my friends. I love my dog. But while I’m accomplished and well-liked, my true self that these people don’t know is disgusting and needs to die. 

To all those I’ve loved, friends, family, random people I’ve met and connected with–I wish you all the best. I wish you all good harmony that allows you make good decisions, decisions that I was unable to do all the time.

I love you all, and please, know that I don’t want anyone to be hurt by this. You shouldn’t be hurt by this. Just know that everyday of my life I am hurting so this should be viewed as a mercy killing. You certainly have a right to be sad, but realize this is to bring about a greater good, and to end my suffering, similar to assisting a terminally-ill relative with their suicide. You don’t want to see me suffer, so let me go.

Sincerely, 
JAC
