Should I admit myself to a psychiatric unit?I've tried asking my friends in real life about this. I suppose that because I withhold so much, people don't really know how depressed I am. I suppose I could have explained things to my friends better, but since I failed at that well... here I am. 

I'm 23 and female and I have free health care. I feel guilty because I know I have so many more coping resources than most people, but I'm still too depressed to function. I think about killing myself all the time. I practice my knots in case I choose to hang myself. I research all the pro suicide sites hoping to find a way to kill myself that would be sure to work. I hate going to my best friend's building because it's so high up and I could easily jump off it, but I don't because I think of my friend finding out. 

The thing is I've admitted myself to the hospital before. I know I can do it, I know how to do it. But I feel so guilty. I have problems, sure. But they don't seem so big and bad and I don't know why they hurt so much. Everyone loses people. Everyone gets stressed out. I tend to self sabotage a lot. Whenever things start to look up for me I find ways to remind myself I don't deserve to be happy. I should be dead. But I don't want to fail. I don't want to try and kill myself and then have to face my loved ones afterwards. 

I'm on lithium because I have bipolar type 2 and it does help but not enough. I can't handle anti depressants. I've tried them many times and always the same manic result. My doctor can only see me a few times a year, but she works at the hospital I thought of admitting myself to, and well... the going there would be easy, but choosing to is hard. How do I really know if I want to die badly enough to go there? When I tried to kill myself before I'd only felt that way for a couple weeks. This time it's been months and since I haven't tied the noose yet I wonder if I really want to die. I do.. I'm just scared that like everything in life I'll fail at suicide. 

This became a rant. I'm sorry. I wish I was a better person. I don't think I can do this life business much longer 