So many problems to list in a titleI dont even know where to begin im just gonna type what come to mind. Im 16 and I constantly think about suicide. i feel like the only thing holding me back is the fear of the pain, and my cat, he has breakdowns when i leave for long periods. he's my bestfriend sometimes my only friend. The only other people i can call friends are T. and R. Both girls, they are the only ones who talk to me but thats mainly it, iv never even met R in person i only saw her once before i got to know her on facebook, T is a good friend but i recently moved to another state so its dieing off. I cant go to my family. my parents are in the middle of a divorce. my dad has left me and my mom and already (illegally) got married to one of the MANY fucking whores hes cheated on my mom with. we were so close until he kicked us out he refuses to let me live with him so im forced to move to vegas with my mentally abusive coke snorting mom with her evil manipulative family. My mother has an extreme temper i never hear her not yelling at me for something, she takes everything i say as an insult shes hit me a few times mostly just slaps until i slammed the car door and she went berserk and hit me in the face repeatedly. Someone called the cops and all she got was a ticket he knows how to talk to people and get out of responsibility. Now shes telling me its my fault she has to got to court and is telling our family and her friends i over reacted for pity and i do it a lot or something making herself seem like the victim. She has ADD or ADHD i forget which the one where your sidetracked by something stupid then focus so heavily on it you cant turn away. I have to baby sit her with that and beg or her to go to the store to get food sometimes (i cant drive and shed never let me touch her car or buy me one) I wish i could go to our family but they are all fucking crazy. They just will go to her and tattle on me they have before its pathetic. I cant get counseling because my mom will bitch about im gonna make her like the bad guy or some shit. In school  im going (i think) into 11th but i have failed 9th and didn't even go in 10th. In 9th i had a few "friends" but i was the butt of every joke sometimes they would even tell me to go away they didn't want to deal with me that day. I only stuck around because they were the only ones who talked to me. I never got good grades i tryed as hard as i could but couldn't i only got Fs. No one would help me my dad just took away my computer and xbox for a year but i just couldent pull them up so i gave up. I stopped going completely, no one cared, no one noticed. Then divorce happens dad runs off mom moves us to vegas. I started going to school their for a month, same bad grades same no friends. So i stopped. But something amazing happened I started talking to an old friend from preschool, and before that even, P. We fell in love with each other, i was happy we talked or hours every night the long distance worked. My mom had to go back to my hometown for court and moving so i came with to see P in january. Our old house had a huge pipe burst most of everything was ruined, except for my stuff but my dad gave it all to his new kids, my computer, my clothes, my fucking stuffed animals. I visited P. often her family love me for one in years i had friends and a family. But she fell out of it a month later was cold and mean i asked her i he was gonna break up with my the bitch told she was to tired to talk about and dumped me the next morning. Me and my mom lived in hotels for a while then i made a new friend S. she was cool became my best friend i guess then told me to kill myself and ignored me. A week before my birthday may 7th my mom introduced me to her doctors daughter A. We texted a lot really hit off became friends with her gf too so we hungout on my birthday it was so awkward barely talked to each other afterwards she stopped texting me back to sleeping eating and watching stuff on youtube everyday. A week ago we finally came to our new home again it was okay for a bit i just got dead space and its been keeping my min off shit or a while but its starting to wear off an now here i am crying my self to sleep every night again like i have been for months in bed at 3 in the morning. 

One hell of a fucking rant. Types this on iphone tire and crying sorry for making you grammar nazis crazy.

I dont care if you read it all, but if you did, i love you. I need someone to talk to. R. and T. Are only recent friends and starting to slow down.