Killing myself tonight.I'm just bitching for my sake, I don't expect any responses. I just don't have anyone to talk to anymore, so this shit just builds up inside of me.

I guess it's finally come to this. I've been depressed for about 7 years now and have been suicidal for damn near all of them...I guess I am finally giving in to these thoughts. I completely hate who I am in every way, and seeing myself in the mirror is just a constant reminder of the failure of a person that I am. The only thing that I have really managed in life is getting good grades at a good school. But I've given up basically everything to get there. I've lost all of my closest friends, and I've lost (although I never had any...) of my social skills. I don't know how to make friends anymore, and I don't know how to hold a conversation with another person. I've never had a girlfriend either for that matter. I'm just a fucking loser. I'm not good at anything, and I don't have any good relationships.

I used to have a very close friend. I met her not too long after I started feeling depressed, and I have been very open with her about how I feel. She knows more about me than anyone...I've told her everything. She's the only person I've ever been able to be myself around. My friendship with her was the greatest thing to have ever really happened to me...I can never put into words how much she meant to me....But we haven't talked for almost a year now, and I'm hurting and I'm dead inside. I haven't been able to feel like myself...I think about her everyday, but she's already moved on to other things.

I've lost all interest in my major, and I have no self-esteem or confidence to really go talk to people to make friends or get a girlfriend or any of that shit. I'm alone and without direction. There's this cute girl in my physics class that I met last semester, it's a shame that I'm too damn boring of a person to hold a conversation and completely lack the self-confidence to really go after her, in a sense. Ah well, she can do much better anyways.

Sorry this is long, just trying to get a couple more things off my chest...I've already written and sent off my goodbyes to my family, so I don't have anywhere else to keep spitting out what's on my mind. I hope I find peace tonight.