Just Fuck.Life's pointless. I've said it before, and I'm saying it again. I'm probably gonna say it till I die, too. 

People dive into atheism out of curiosity, rebellion, and a hell of a lot of other reasons. I did it because I couldn't believe in shit. I wanted to believe. I want to believe, but I just can't.

I know that happiness lies in the little moments we have with family, friends.. with ourselves - doing the things we love. But if nothing really makes you happy anymore? What if you just hate everything and you try so much to hide it that everyone just believes it?

I feel happy when I do something good. I do feel happy when I'm around my family. I always convince myself to believe that whatever it is I'm doing is worth it as long as I'm doing it for them.

The problem?

Those moments are brief, and that belief is slowly fading out. As soon as I'm alone, the meaninglessness of life obscures everything else, and it sucks.

People think it's cool to have dark thoughts, to wish that you've never existed, that you die accidentally just to make it easier for your close ones to accept your death, but it certainly isn't. It's not cool, and I hate it.

Some say finding life meaningless means that you're a bit smarter than everyone else. Well, guess what? To hell with smartness. To hell with intelligence. I don't want to be smarter than everyone else. I just want some kind of meaning for life. Something that can keep pushing me further. Because the only thing that's keeping me going right now is my mother, maybe some friends, and that's just about it. And what's life if you're not even living it for yourself?

I'm probably writing this in a dark moment, but my life is full of those, so who cares, anyway?

Bright moments are becoming rarer every day, and it sucks, it truly does.

Sometimes, I just look in the mirror, and I see one helluva person - someone who made it through everything. I see a self-made man. I see a strong person - both physically and mentally. Other times, I just see a loser, a lonely man, someone who doesn't even care anymore. Maybe I've never cared before, and I just didn't know it till recently.

So, who the fuck are you, Sardoukk? Which is the real you, and which is the picture you just show to the world?