I Want A Reason To LiveFirst time using reddit so bare with me, I have no where left to go.

I'm 16. I'm probably too young to be here. I don't care. I need to get it out.

I started staving myself, since this morning. I'm not eating, I'm not drinking and I'm holding everything in. I don't have the motivation to get up anymore. I haven't looked after myself for god knows how long. I never brush my teeth or my hair or look after myself, it's too much effort now. I've wanted to kill myself for awhile but I know if I jump out the window the best I'll get is a smashed up skull and a trip to the ER. I can't hang myself because I have nothing to use, I don't have the strength to strangle myself and I can't slash my wrists or cause myself to bleed out because my family would notice a knife missing. I don't want to explain to them because belittle all my problems and tell me they had it worse. My mum has attempted before a few times when she was younger and yes, she probably had it worse but everyone experiences shit differently.

I want a reason to live, something to live for but I don't have anything. By this point I'm just a waste of a life. I'm a toxic narcissist who can't ever admit their wrong and I have no friends. All week all I've thought about is wanting to kill people, kill myself and destroy my school. I don't want to be alive anymore. I want to get better and be able to be not toxic and have friends that I don't use and manipulate but I've been trying that for 3 years and nothing has happened, I haven't improved.

I'm posting because I need to tell someone. I need to say something. Maybe if I do it'll put me off enough to get something. I want to cease my existence but I'm scared of death. I don't know what to do.

This probably comes off as attention seeking. Most of what I do is for attention. But right now I just need help, I want to find something to live for before it's too late.

I do not want any contact with hospitals etc. I don't want to talk to therapists, School counselors etc. I'll just lie to them because all I'm good at is lying and manipulating.