Why I'd rather die than be myself any morei am garbage. my entire life ive held myself onna pedestal. praised myself for the things that i could do wepp, an inpossibly high standard above anyone else; while simultaneously hating everything about myself and constantly berating the person i was. i am my biggest fan, and my harshest critic. i constantly allow myself to lie to myself and tell myself that im perfect even though the entire time i know that im always wring, i know im the asshole, i know im the one with the anger problems, i know im the one whos overreacting, i know im the one who deserves to be left, the one who deserves to feel this pain. but no. im right. its everyone else who deserves to fall in front of that bus. youre perfect. im perfect. its a subconscious thing. a switch that flips like some sort of shitty defense mechanism. they cant hurt me if im perfect. instead of realizing my flaws i hide from them, not even hide from them i blatantly ignore them and then grt angry when theyre brought to life. I KNOW IM FUCKING AWFUL WHY THE FUCK WOULD I NEED YOU TO TELL ME. but im perfect. i cant handle the issues so i berate myself. lock myself in my little closet full of self doubt and pitty and pat myself on the back saying it wasnt your fault, shes the crazy one. there was nothing you couldve done about it. youre perfect. and now ive ruined the one good thing ive ever had. the one person that actually tried to help me. and i pushed her away. i couldnt realize i was wrong when she told me to get help, i got mad. i refused to help myself when she tried to, i just got angry. and now that she has nothing left to give. now that ive wasted her time, wasted her effort, wasted her love i finally pull my head out of my ass enough to realize ive broken her. ive broken us. ive ruined the one true love ive found on this world. im not perfect. im awful. im pathetic. im abusive. im mean. i am garbage. and now ive lost her. and im not sure what to do because without her there by myself im just the sad, lonely, angry, fucked up pathetic piece of shit drunk i was before. abd i like him even less. i guess at least he wasnt really hurting people. i am garbage. i dont want to be myself any more. i want to be someone adjusted and confident. someone who can light up a room. she made me feel that way once. shed smile when i came home like i was the only person on this planet that mattered. now she just looks tired. i caused that. i am garbage. sorry dosnt cut it. im not sure grtting help will this time. i waited too long. i thought she was pushy. she was patient. i am garbage