Tonight I'm dying. You're the reason for it.I've been battling depression for more than half my life. Alone. Because I have nobody in my life to help me, and because people don't care about anything else than their own little special life. And I'm infuriated at the behavior of people today. When I read comments like "you have to love yourself before anyone else can love you", or "I don't like people who bring bad vibes", or "being depressed and needy is such a turn-off", you know what I read? I read this: "There is this person I see everyday, a building collapsed on him, he's been fighting for survival everyday since he was a kid, he's bleeding, his strength is leaving him, his life is leaving him and he's trying to call for help, but nobody answers his calls. And I won't help him because he's so desperate to live, that's so repulsive, he should fight through the pain and lift all this shit on his own before I agree to help him". That's no different to say to someone bleeding to death, to fight through the pain, and when he will be strong enough to let go of the pain, then and only then we'll call an ambulance to help him, but not before. Sounds crazy? There is but one difference with depression. The collapsed building is inside his head and you can't see it. That doesn't make it any less real. I'm disgusted by people today. Because that's what you do. You refuse help to someone who needs your help to live. It is literally a matter of life and death. But you refuse to help him because desperation is repulsive. The difference between you and me? The building in your head hasn't crumbled and crashed onto you. We all begin with a building that is new and well made. But for some people, the building begins to corrode for various reasons. For other people, they're lucky enough to get love to prevent the building from decaying in the first place. And when you have nobody to help you keep it from decaying, it collapses. When it does, you're done. Because nobody will help you. Because people are so worried that their own building might crash that they won't help you. They only want people in their life who has their shit together. Because someone with a collapsed building, aka depression, is repulsive and not worth of love. Denying someone with depression help is no different than denying someone who's drowning help. Because depression is drowning. Medication and therapy don't cure depression. Love cures depression. Andrew Solomon said "depression is the flaw in love", and it couldn't be more accurate. But nobody will love someone who is depressed. Because that's so fucking creepy right?
I'm done fighting depression, I can't win. To every person who denied me help when I called for it, to every person who thought I was repulsive because I was fighting for my life and asked for some support, to everyone person who laughed at me or looked at me with disgust when I asked for nothing but some sympathy, some warmth, some friendship, you are the reason that today is my last day on earth. You're a murderer.