Almost thereGot my car. Am close. I made a huge mistake and texted my abuser last night and this morning. I went off on him. It won't make a difference. It will not change the slap on the wrist he got. No one believes me. No one listens to people who cry domestic violence. No one believes what people on benzodiazapines go through. 

Before I left town, I went to the lovely home if the man who raped me for 8 months (while I was a tenant...I said no so many times...I didn't know it was rape until I read that a person can be manipulated into sex) and keyed "rapist" into his car. I wish I had spraypainted it on his front door so his wife could see. I like to think of myself as peaceful, but I guess I'm not. He'll go to France and his lake house and dinner parties as usual. Former state senator. What a hero. Who'd believe me? I punched out all the windows in my room after he had sex with me one day and his wife was so proud to be taking care of a mentally ill woman. In a way, I'm glad she doesn't  know. I wanted to tell her, but why ruin her delusion? Why make her like me? Let her live thinking she's married to a savior. I was put on benzos because of that asshole and they ruined my mind.

One thing I know is that being a gentle and sensitive gets you nowhere on earth unless you have people who support you, love you from the beginning. It's the people with the capacity for evil or ego or who are sheltered who do well. I don't want to be part of this flooding world. I studied environmental science at an Ivy League and we have fucked ourselves. I had hope a bit ago, but then I know we're essentially looking at water wars. 

What a nightmare. 

I guess I'll have dinner, get drunk and just do it quickly. This is such a waste. If only my fucking militant feminist friends hadn't kicked me out of their world because they didn't want to be so close to abuse. They have so much power and resilience, but they're basically yuppies in the end. Don't get too close to the "cycle of violence" or you might catch it. 

This is a bit of a rant here. Sorry. This is the only place I've been able to speak freely. I'm so pissed that kindness is a liability and my issues have been mistaken for mental illness.