I feel so isolated and dysphoric and I just want it to be over. The world will improve when I die but I haven't been able to do it and I feel so selfish for staying alive when it is hurting peopleIve tried to kill myself so many times before but always failed and it's so frustrating and  makes me feel so weak and dysphoric (the whole "women attempt more but men succeed more at suicide" stat) I don't want to try and fail again and be treated like I'm trying to get attention and coddled for a week till people get bored and disappear again that's the last thing I want I just want to die quietly and be forgotten and stop hurting and being a burden on everyone.

Iknow the few friends who I'm not dead to are getting sick of me talking about my problems and counselling and meds don't do anything . I feel like my counselor just says nice things to me to appeal to my ego and I know it's all just lies to make me feel better and just makes me so uncomfortable because if I was really a "good person" or a "kind person" I wouldnt be alone I'd have friends who were excited to see me I'd be invited to things 

I tried to just focus on working to earn enough for my surgery because the waiting list is killing me and now my life is emptier than ever and i had to ask for time off because I kept having the daily urge to jump off the roof and end it. I wish I hadn't said anything or tried to get help and had just jumped and ended it- asking for help did nothing I just feel like even more of a burden on my workmates. 

 It's been like this for as long as I remember even as a kid I tried making friends but got bullied by them for being weird or I'd have a small group of friends but they'd inevitably discard me. there's something broken in me that makes it hard for me to make friends below a surface level. or people just sense that there's something wrong and don't want to get close to me or they do but they abuse me and in hindsight there are obvious red flags that I was too stupid and lonely to pick up on I've had to leave groups because of one of their friends abusing or sexually assulting me and not wanting to chance telling them and not being believed and none of them ever asked why I left or seemed to care at all no one really believes me because I'm not visibly suffering enough but if I show that I'm suffering I'm just a burden 

being close to anyone just makes me feel guilty like they don't really want me around or like Im not doing enough to prove my love. I push people away without realising it because I just see all the worst that could happen and trying to talk to people and getting no response again and again after reaching out to people and having no one reaching out to me in the same way just  reminds me how unwanted I am.

No one will ever see me for who I am I'll always be a freak or political issue or treated like a novelty sex toy to be thrown away after they're bored or when I'm no longer attractive to them. I'm never going to be able to afford top surgery or get to the top of the waiting list. I am seen as a drain on the country and a threat to Society what's the point of living in a world that doesn't want you

 I am jealous of people who have friends or family who help them fundraise. I will never have that I have no people who genuinely want me around or care that every day is just trying to pretend I'm okay and be chill while being in constant pain and discomfort due to dysphoria-i can't talk to anyone about it even my counselor doesn't really get it. I know that lower surgery is likely not in my future because there's no surgeons in my country who do it and it's not the same and I never realised how much dysphoria I had about my junk and I just feel like a freak 

I see the way that people look at me with disgust/ confusion when I go out in public and I know it's just going to get worse I can't even drown my sorrows in YouTube because of gendered ads calling me a woman because of my body parts.  I hate this I hate being seen as a "new novelty gender" or a trend and not having my dysphoria seen as being as real or painful as it is for binary people even other trans people don't want people like me in the community there is nowhere for me anywhere because of how binary everything is 

I had a former best friend offer to help me get it done overseas but covid happened and they have just ghosted me and want nothing to do with me since I got financial independence and stopped passing as cis and it hurts to realise that that was why I was being kept around not out of love for me but as a toy they had power over that they've now discarded because I'm no longer an interesting novelty.  it hurts that a rich cis person can just offer something like that then pull it away when you're no longer useful to them without realising or caring how painful that is and I wish they hadn't offered in the first place.

it was so stupid of me to hope for love or friendship or a future it's just not for me I wasn't ever supposed to live this long and I just have this feeling /knowledge that everything bad that's happening in the world is being caused by me being alive and fucking up the balance and if I could just toughen up and die it would improve things for everyoneI feel so selfish for having any doubts about dying when I know the world will be better without me.