I wonder why do I even need to exist?I’m 31. I’m a gay man who was born in a broken family. My father put his last name on me and left us after a week. 
At 3 years old I had an accident trying to climb on the kitchen and busted my head causing me a mild brain injury that would be the root of my undiagnosed ADHD and severe anxiety issues. 
I was raised in a very hostile environment where my mom retaliated all her anger and frustrations beating the crap out of me all the time. My grandma who was the light of my childhood had a seizure when I was 8 years old and ended up crippled in a wheelchair until she died 11 years later. She turned into the biggest and most annoying burden a small family can endure. 
My mom was obsessed with the idea that no matter the cost I had to be in a privileged private school even when I was bullied for being different in so many ways. I was made fun of out of everything. My height (I’m also 5,6), my sudden queer manners, my clumsiness...etc...I even developed severe dermatillomania in my hands due to severe anxiety. it was hell, I had 2 attempts for suicide that were totally ignored by everyone like it didn’t really matter. The only friend close friend that I had only lasted a year and half after his mom passed away in the middle of his first year in the school... 
I was the poorest of my classroom, I had the worst house, my mom drove the cheapest car and even my dogs were ugly as fuck. Neighbors would always made fun of my pets. 
My house, disgusting, always dirty...my mom was a semi hoarder and would always accumulate clothes and books. 
I would never invite anybody out of deep shame. 
My grades in school were ok. 
I was very good in some and horrible in the others. I had to spend extra hours memorizing stuff because I would not understand simple shit sometimes. Every time I had to speak in public I would panic and stutter and people would laugh. 
My scape was video games, I would play so much that because of it, it started affecting my visual impairment and started developing strabismus at 15 years old....
After I graduated, i got out of my hometown and got to a private university paid by my mom. 
I struggled a lot in college. 
I felt stupid and out of place. I was always awkward and lacked social skills. 
I would annoy the fuck out of people and they would ignore me. 
In my time off I focused myself to try hard and be more physically attractive so I would go to the gym and have tons of protein supplements. 
I would also go to play Magic theGathering whenever I could and eventually got good at it but due to my undiagnosed ADHD I would mess up all the time. I would get so angry at losing. 
At 21 I lost my hair. I was balding bad since 18. 
I hated my look. I was always angry because I had to wear a hat to look like my age. I would look almost 10 years older. 
While in college, I started forcing myself in doing internships but I would be so difficult to work with due to my behavior and forgetfulness. 
On my last semesters I would try to work on the side but got fired twice. 
I gave up on my 8th semester and quit college for a year out of deep shame for myself. I felt humiliated constantly. 
To fix my visual impairment I managed to get a surgery in a public hospital after a 3 months wait. 
I “fixed it”...when back to college. Same struggles on other areas. Didn’t give up this time, suffered a lot to get that thesis done. My thesis barely passed...it was basic and shitty. 
I didn’t make any friends and even when i was invited by default to the college graduation party I barely knew anybody and it was awkward as fuck. 
After college. I started internships again (neither of the didn’t last long tbh). I would sugarcoat my resume to death to appeal to employers, I ended up being hired in a couple places but surprise, got fired in the first and the second was horrible an abusive position that nobody else would take and therefore ended up there for a year. I got so depressed I ended taking medication for depression and quit that job. I got hired in an ad agency which fired me after a month. 
I gave up on everything and  sold my MTG cards to buy my ticket to the US...
I tattooed my head in a micropigmentation style so it gave me a younger appearance and it somehow made me feel less shitty about my genetic makeup. 
I ended up as a server in multiple places. I worked as busser, server and even did cleaning labors. 

I would throw up in bathrooms out of panic, anger and shame. I got hospitalized in 2016 for severe depression...
I ended up working in a total of 15 places. In which I got fired in 9 of them. 
I got diagnosed of ADHD at 29. After being fired for like the 12th time for being messy, scattered minded and forgetful. After meds I saw the light. I started getting creative. It was like a miracle. 

Too bad I lost my 20’s and teens in a very miserable way. 

Even when in these 2 years of new life I’ve improved a lot, I still can’t get a job out of my lack of experience and creating a business takes a lot of investment that I haven’t been able to acquire. 
Social media makes me sick and gives me PTSD  every time I get to see the accomplishments of those people that I studied with and all their successful relationships. The amount of mental disorders I’ve gathered through so much abuse are way too much to handle and paying for a friend (therapy) hasn’t solved the issue. 
I now have CPTSD, Rejection sensitivity dysphoria and probably some mild form of autism. 

What is the point of all this suffering? 

I’ve gone against all odds...fought many battles. But in the end...it doesn’t even matter. 

Why do people like me exist? Is not like someone is going to give me a life medal for overcoming the gigantic struggles of my life. 

Nobody wants to date me because I’m so emotionally damaged. I’m in total fear of meeting new people and isolation made everything worse. I’m a couple months away of being possibly homeless and if I get to that  point it’s definitely over. 

Is life even worth all this shit?
I feel like it’s hanging from a thin string and it’s about to break anytime soon. 

I should’ve broken my neck when I was 3.