Nowhere else to turn to. I'm giving up.Hey everyone,

I'm done. I give up. These past 12 months have been the worst year of my life and I'm at the end of my rope.

My grandmother who raised me passed away last year from Alzheimer's. I had been visiting her at the nursing home three times a week and watching her slow decline really killed me inside. Her death put such a strain on my mother she had a heart attack. I moved in with her to take care of her and it caused me and my wife of nineteen years to divorce. I went from being with my kids every single day to seeing them on the weekend. It hurts so bad. I met a new girl and fell in love with her and she became pregnant. We lost the baby at 7 months and had to deliver her and everything. Worst experience of my life. My fifteen-year-old dog died and I didn't get to spend her final days with her. She was my companion and I took her everywhere with me but I couldn't separate her from my children even though it killed me inside. I'm being absolutely destroyed by the courts and put through the ringer for every penny I make.

Things were getting back to my new normal and then this Coronavirus bullshit started. I took a pay cut of $1000 a check while still trying to be the sole breadwinner for two households and being put down by me ex-wife because it affected her standard of living. I've been stressed out for months. I finally got to go back to work last week, and at the end of the week, I got the call for the HR meeting. Loss of revenue and I make too much money. They used me at a reduced rate for three months. A Contractor is taking over my position. I put my blood, sweat, and tears into my career and this company for ten years, and I was told to get lost with two months of severance and escorted out of the building in front of everyone like a criminal. I have a heart condition and I can't afford my medication and my health insurance for my whole family is gone. I was making well over 100K a year, I can't just go find another job like that. This stressed me out so bad I caused a huge fight with my new gf and I don't know if we're going to make it.

My life has become a fucking country song and I can't take it anymore. I'm just waiting for the next hit to come. I want to just not wake up. I have a good life insurance policy that would take care of my kids and I'm seriously considering ending it before I run completely out of money and fail them yet again. I'm 40 yeard old and the dreams I had of enjoying my golden years are gone. I'm going to have to start over again from the bottom. I worked so hard to get where I was and it's all fallen apart. I really don't know why I'm writing this. I've always been a positive person but goddamnit I can't catch a break. I'm so tired, scared, and lonely. I don't know what to do.