I think I’m out of reasonsI honestly don’t know how long I’ve struggled with depression and anxiety. At least since 14 or so, maybe earlier. Too long, anyway, but I didn’t really recognize it until a few years ago. I guess I just thought everyone felt like this, you know? I was in a toxic relationship and my anxiety had been mounting, I’d had a couple anxiety attacks at work and then a breakdown when the relationship exploded. That was when I realized I had a problem. 

After that, I did absolutely nothing about it because I honestly had no idea what to do. Some time later I met the person of my dreams, but everything else around me has steadily crumbled since then. Over the last few years I’ve lost everything, I literally have no family or friends left and I don’t even think my person wants me anymore. I don’t have a career or any higher education, I’m working a bullshit job, I live in constant fear and self loathing, and I just don’t know how to do this anymore.

I just can’t find any reasons to still be here. I don’t enjoy anything anymore. All of my escapes: movies, books, video games, playing music... they’re just not doing it. They’re not doing anything. Every time I try to immerse myself in something my brain gets in the way. Every day is a struggle and I feel so fucking alone, and the things that used to help me cope all feel sad and alien to me. Nothing is comforting anymore. I feel like I can never relax. I’ve been feeling like my imagination atrophied a long time ago so I try to get back into drawing, or writing/journaling, or even coloring, but my fucking stupid broken brain gets in the way, I over think or get impatient and frustrated with myself and just give up. All of my reasons keep slipping away. My social anxiety was doing much better a couple years ago but now I feel like it’s tripled. I don’t do anything anymore, and when I do I feel so uncomfortable in my own skin that I want to throw up and run away from everyone.

I did a little bit of therapy, but finding someone I’m comfortable talking to is so difficult and time consuming. It’s tiring to go through my story and then realize I don’t feel comfortable opening up to this person. I lost my health insurance and couldn’t afford my meds at the time so I stopped taking them a few months back. I don’t really think they were helping anyway. The mental health system in this country is a nightmare and most of the “professionals” I’ve spoken to seem to have zero compassion or understanding for people who suffer from mental illness. 

I’m too far behind in life. There’s just no catching up now. My head is such a mess. I feel like I’ve got an overflowing backpack of emotional issues, problems I should be tending to, and to do lists that I can never take off. My thoughts are always so tangled and I’m so bad at expressing myself, so awful at putting my feelings into words. I’ve been trying but I think it’s too late. I don’t think I’m a good partner. Or maybe we just aren’t good for each other. I guess it doesn’t really matter. One person shouldn’t be your only reason left. That’s not healthy. That’s not fair to them. 

I hate that that’s a thing. I don’t know what happened, but suddenly all of my people are gone. I have absolutely no support system. I’ve lost everyone and now I don’t recognize my life and this poor person who’s gone through so much pain themselves has to put up with my miserable bullshit and unhealthy coping while I’ve probably been too self-absorbed to even realize I wasn’t doing my part. And then to have that pressure. Ugh fuck me. 

I feel like I really need to stress that the last two years have been FUCKED UP. For obvious reasons I don’t want to go into detail, but I’ve dealt with loss, death, and come out feeling betrayed and abandoned frankly traumatized. I feel like nothing is ever going to be resolved, nothing is ever going to be okay again. I feel scared and on edge much of the time, I can almost never relax. Every day is a struggle with just little moments of joy sprinkled in occasionally and I just can’t fucking do it anymore. The highs are so much lower and more fleeting than they used to be and I feel like there’s nothing for me beyond those little moments, nothing bigger to look forward to because nothing is ever going to work out for me. Life is just a series of increasingly larger disappointments. 

I don’t know what I’m looking for here. I’m not looking for someone to make me feel better, I don’t think a stranger could right now. I don’t want advice and I’m not looking for someone to talk me into hangin’ in there, kid. I might though, for a while, I really don’t know right now. These thoughts have been looming for a long time, and they keep rising to the top stronger and more unshakable each time. The only thing stopping me is fear. I’m so scared I’m not going to do it right and I’ll wake up back here in a worse situation than I was already in. That’s not a very compelling reason. I wonder how long that will last. At least through the night, I don’t really see myself leaving bed. I don’t think I’ll sleep and I don’t know if I can go to work tomorrow. 

I don’t want to die slow and painfully, I’m terrified of blades, I don’t have access to lethal medications. In all my ideations, I’ve never really found one I was comfortable with, except maybe a gun. Or jumping. At least then I could cross “conquer fear of heights” of my bucket list. 

I feel like this world just isn’t for me. I’ve always felt like I kind of don’t belong here, and lately it feels like life just keeps going out of its way to prove me right. 

It’s weird, I browse Reddit constantly but never interact. I feel like it’s all I do anymore, just get lost reading articles and going through comment threads, but I never inject myself into conversation. I don’t even know why, I used to spend so much time talking to strangers on the internet up until a few years ago but now I’m just too afraid or can’t be bothered or, I don’t even know. Hell I’ve been agonizing over writing this for over an hour, I’m hesitant to post it and if I do I’m not certain I won’t delete it. I’m just a fucking mess. So I don’t know what I’m hoping to get out of this. I don’t know anything right now, maybe this is just pointless incomprehensible rambling, but I guess I’m just hoping someone hears and understands. Thanks so much if you bothered to read this.