Help?I've never really been physically abused. However I have been emotionally drained all of the things my brothers, sisters, my mother, my grandma all say about me. I am often times told to die, that im worthless, my brother has on multiple occasions threatened to murder me most times my mom responds by laughing..I have no friends, I'm currently home schooled. I have no therapy anymore. I share a very small room with my 19 yo brother. The thing that makes me write this, is that... My mom is really starting to do scary things. My mother recently for no reason lost her temper and threw something hitting my 1 yo sister in the eye resulting in well, a black eye. She then screamed and grabbed a knife going into her room threatening to kill herself. She just recently threw trash and glass cups and plates down a flight of stairs while screaming to her max. She never apologizes EVER.. Even when she believes she is in the wrong, which rarely occurs. She has had me inpatient twice now. Saying that I'm a danger to my little brother and sister.. They all at stated they wanted me dead. They state " I can't wait till you die, just kill your self already!, It would be better if you were dead," My mom when I confront her about literately wanting me dead says," You say that about me all the time" I rarely IF EVER say that about her. Perhaps the worst part of all of this is the fact that i am gay. She and my 19 yo brother have both called me a "faggot" on multiple occasions! I said I wanted to move to LA, her response... "The land of the gays" She and my brother and my sister all enjoy making fun of my weight calling me a wide range of things not ment as a joke, rather a insult. It has gotten to the point where my 1 yo sister will call me "Fat fuck" "fat ass" and other things. I remember I attempted suicide, about 2 days later my sister got mad at me and said "Why don't you actually kill yourself this time?" To no ones surprise no one stepped in to say anything.. Just allowed it to happen... I'm 14..