I feel like a dead weight to my parents and want to be goneDespite having been to therapy a few years ago and genuinely trying to improve my mental health, I’m scared that I’m falling back into negative thoughts again. I feel so so useless and like such a burden on those around me, especially my parents. I feel so guilty because they’ve spent so much money on me with education (among many other things) and I’m at the point of casual suicidal ideation. These aren’t any active attempts to do anything or plans to actually carry it out. It’s just a casual passing thought of, “I should k*ll myself.” I’ve been trying for months to catch those thoughts when they come up and change them to “I should k*ll my negative thoughts” and kind reassurances but I’m giving up. As for my age, I’m 21 right now, which I obviously realize is still young and I have “so much to live for”.

This year’s just been tough. I’ve lost most of my friends because shit came up and we all had to pick sides and I just didn’t want to be involved with that so I distanced myself. I barely keep up communication with the two really good friends I have left and I know it’s also my fault because I self-sabotage and seclude myself for weeks and months on end because I feel like an annoying deadweight. Don’t even get me started on the pandemic.

Education-wise, I’m doing good but I bounced around majors because I was confused about what I wanted to study. I ended up wasting a lot of time and will probably have my graduation pushed back since I decided what I wanted to study over a year ago. My grades are good but I just feel so embarrassed about this failure on my part and I know it’s expensive for my parents.

While I do have some good things coming for me, like a decent college education, and I was recently offered an internship opportunity, I feel like I’m not doing enough compared to others my age. My biggest hindrance is that I have issues with driving due to immense driving anxiety due to a car accident I had almost 2 years ago. I barely drive a few blocks around my house to run errands and that’s it. My parents know that I’ve had depression for years now and try to be understanding about it (my dad being the most understanding). My mom still snaps at me and makes me feel like shit for barely driving at my big age, but I honestly get where she’s coming from. What 21 year old doesn’t drive? It’s ridiculous and I’m genuinely trying to get over the fear but I can’t.

I’ve also struggled with maladaptive daydreaming for as long as I can remember, and I often use it as an escape to ignore my issues and distract myself in an imaginary world. This isn’t dissociating or DID, I actively know that they’re imaginations and that they’re not real. Whenever I come back down to Earth, I just feel worse because I’m reminded of what my life’s actually like. I’m trying to cut the habit as much as I can.

I have a job and I’m slowly trying to become more financially independent which is good, but I still feel like such a deadweight to my parents. I’ve spent the past few days in depressive ruts and the suicidal ideation has become more frequent, which worries me. I don’t want to k*ll myself, I just want peace. I want to be free from this pain.

It’s gotten to the point where I’ve subtly asked my parents if they carry a gun in the house (I’ve always thought they did since they’re politically conservative) and they confirmed that they did, unfortunately. I did it carefully, during a conversation they were having with friends about carrying guns at home and I took advantage of the chance and asked.
I’ve even recently thought about the idea of getting into fatal accidents and dying without having to purposely hurt myself. I’ve also been thinking about sh**ting myself in the head. These are all awful thoughts and I hate the odd comfort it brings me.

Therapy is extremely expensive, even with insurance, so I don’t want my parents to spend even more money on me. My parents deserve better. I know I need help with managing my life, education, driving anxiety, etc. but I’ve had the same conversation with my parents countless times and it’s done nothing to help. I don’t know what to do or where I’m going in life.

TL;DR - I'm 21 and I feel like a useless expensive dead weight to my parents and want to d*e