I need some helpYou probably end up with a lot of these on this sub. I just got subreddit purely because I don't have anyone to talk to. I tried using safeut which is a crisis chat in utah. It helped a little. Music helps a little. Writing, tv, drinking, everything helps a little. But I'm still miserable. I don't think I'm strong enough to last much longer. I've gone through so much in my life recently and in my life as a whole. I don't want this to be the end but I can't help but feel helpless. I'm reaching out today for, I guess the very little hope I think I have left. 

Too many words to think of right now... But basically I can hardly remember a moment of my life thag I actually wanted to live it out. I was cheated on in a seven month relationship, while we were living together. She left two weeks ago. I was an accident of a 16 year old and an 18 year old who both drank. I ruined my own life in so many ways and recently my childhood trauma has ressurected. I was molested three times as a child. Twice by family relitives. Once by what I thoughy was a friend. All before I was 12. At thirteen I molesred a younger girl. And have regretted every second of every decision. I became best friends with that girls older sister. We've been best friends up until three weeks ago. That young girl recently told her mom what I did six years ago. She said it's been causing her to have suicidal thoughts. I felt extremely guilty. I actually forgot that it happened. I guess my mind blocked it out. But I felt I couldn't hide it from my friend. And now they're not speaking to me. I have only myself to blame. But I feel so incredibly shitty I just wish at the very least dying would give some relief. I've had horrible hallucinations, very rough time sleeping, and suicidal thoughts for five years. And I really don't think I'm strong enough to keep going. The few people that I felt like I could really be myself around are gone now. Those being my ex, and my two other best friends, one of those having whole heatedly taken my exes side and the other isn't talking to me. 
Any sort of advise or encouragement would be appreciated. Thank you.