Constant suicide thoughts. Help pleaseI usually find myself wanting to commit suicide whenever I have time to myself to just be alone and think and it never seems to stop. I've tried being more active outside, tried being more healthy and have gone to the gym for the past 3 months and even though these things feel great in the momrnt, as soon as I'm alone again, I just start wondering how it'd be like to.. just not be here I guess and the best way to do it of course. It's really getting to me ever since I haven't been diagnosed with depression (even though I personally feel that I show some signs for it) and I dont feel that its a cry for attention ever since I despise talking to people about how I feel. 
As someone who loves biology and whatnot, I just feel that my life is so pointless in the grand scheme of things and that everything will still move on whether I'm here or not and that everyone has their own life and dont really truly care about other people's shit. I find myself often observing people and in my head going through what they're doing and wondering whats the point of lets say certain gestures and/or greetings and thus seeing that we're nothing more than animals just doing what we've always been doing but in a more interesting and complicated manner. Doing this really makes me feel like some sort of outsider and to be honest with you all I don't really know whats going on. I'm also very curious on what happens after death which is another contributing factor. 
I usually get these feelings late at night and they're starting to bother me because while I do want to kill myself, I still have the desire to live, but it just feels, as previously mentioned by me, completely pointless.
I'm tired of having this "struggle" within me where as one side has instinct to live while the other just wants to end it all. What's currently restricting me is not wanting to sadden my loved ones.
I haven't gone to a therapist ever since I dislike talking to people about this and might come off as crazy and I'm really just desperate for an answer, or any help as a matter of fact. 
I'm sorry for the wall of text, but I really wanted to get this off my chest and debated whether or not I should post this or not for the past week. Thanks in advance. 