suicide kinda feels like the peak choicelife is so shitty. doesn’t balance for me. the concept of it ever balancing feels delusional.
even outside of my personal issues, the world is kind of a shithole. i know a utopia can’t exist or whatever but the amount of good and bad in the world just doesn’t square for me. all the methods people use to cope with all the bullshit of life seem more and more pointless to me lately. maybe it’s because i don’t believe in anything after death, &amp; as a result i have the view that death is the only thing that is a true out, i don’t know. i just fucking hate being alive. i hate that part of me still wants to be alive. 

so many basic things are fucked up for me. eating. sleeping. going outside. talking to people. touch. but outside of all that, more &amp; more lately i become sure that the world is just a really fucking awful place and that the “good” doesn’t balance and doesn’t have the potential to. i have always known the world was dangerous and all that shit but i always daydream about finding a sliver that i can make relatively peaceful and safe. i dream of escaping so much of the suffering that is inherent to existence. really though? it’s bullshit. i’m better off dead, i’m almost completely certain of that. 

my suicidiality is complex. i feel guilty and fake for still being alive. it’s because a large part of me still clings to hope—but every day it fades more. that used to scare me, now it’s one of my main sources of joy. i can finally allow myself to escape. i can finally stop clinging to unrealistic ideas about finding safety. there is no safe way to exist. death sounds comforting to me. it’s not even comforting, really—it sounds like nothingness. like no longer having to feel or think or experience all this pain, which compared to the pain so many others are experiencing, is minuscule. 

if hell exists, i know i’m going. but if it exits in the way that it’s typically described, i was going anyway. why continue to experience lightweight hell in the meantime? 

i am extremely privileged to be writing this, to be living where i’m living. my circumstances are pretty good. even in the worst times of my life, i was really lucky. i think a lot about the circumstances of my abuse and honestly compared to most victims i was treated well. and that terrifies me even more, when i think about being alive. 

i don’t know. i’m tired and overwhelmed. i just want to die. i’m glad to be getting closer. i’m sad i was ever here, that i might hurt people with my absence, that part of me still wants to be alive. i have so many thoughts on all this shit but they’re all meaningless, really. i’m fucking miserable, but in an odd way, i’m glad to be. one step closer.