I'm just not sure how long fear will keep me going..I never thought it would come to this, but I need it to end. So...I erm.. hope you're sitting comfortably, this may drag on.

First off, I guess a bit of background might be in order...
I was that one rather silent child growing up, kept to myself as much as I could. I didn't have many friends, and usually suspected that most everyone around me was harboring some deep, hidden hatred of me. I was...and still am, paranoid like that. My childhood optimism was quickly and regretfully smashed by a continuing plague of bullying and nightmares that still frighten me to think of today. The constant hate from others decimated my self-esteem and killed my ability to trust a single person or form close relationships with anyone at all.

I've thought of suicide since about the time I began to comprehend that people could die. I thought of it constantly, the final action to take all the pain away.... Perhaps as a combination of these events, I began to lose any capability to feel strong emotions. I held a strong value that self-harm would never solve anything and that pain can't change whats happened. I just.. needed to feel again, I could no longer cry, perhaps my tear ducts had grown tired of me as well.... My incessant urge to feel again led me further down into a hole. 

This all led to two key problems that, while they held back the tides of depression, in reality only served to make matters worse. The first stemmed from a growing desire for love in my life. The people around me seemed cold and unfeeling, and my family had their own problems to deal with. Idealistic thoughts would crop up of finding someone that I could finally trust, a beacon of purity in an otherwise corrupt world. Eventually, and I find it hard to admit even now, I sought out the relationships I believed I had been denied in the only place I could...Damnit....I can't specify, but perhaps you'll understand that a futile, one-sided relationship is nothing but a source of longing for what can never happen. Then, the cutting problem began. Unhappy with my "love" I became increasingly anxious and resorted to blaming myself, and punishing myself for every time that I messed up in life. Desperation to hide the scars of my actions only made things worse. I cringed at the very thought of someone finding out, as I knew my peers would laugh at the little "emo" kid.

Thats enough of background shit, back to why I'm really here.
Lately, I've found myself having a substantial increase in suicidal thoughts and I really begin to wonder if it would really be so bad to just......end it. Why continue living if everything I used to enjoy brings me no pleasure, if I simply cannot seem to feel, and even laughter seems empty? Why even bother continuing on when I'm going nowhere? I don't know anymore, I feel so empty all the time and it hurts, I just want to end the stream of self-hating thoughts and end it before I'm forced to watch myself become worse and worse until the pain ends up funneled into someone else's life. While I have a shred of dignity and hold on to the unrequited love that has held the pieces together so well...I just want to die so that people know me by what I was and could have been, not what I know I'll become. I fucked it all up, I had promise, I know that if I woulda just done a few things right I could have been so much more. I....I...I had a chance in this world, I know I had to of... Well, even if my death is a mistake, it'll be the last mistake I'm forced to sit through making.

I apologize for wasting any time with this, and for the piss-poor wording. My thoughts are kinda scrambled and I just need to vent somehow. I'll probably regret writing this later, or not even be around to regret it. I'm sorry once again for this silliness, it's not like I won't find a way to fuck up suicide too. 

EDIT: After a calming few hours of restless sleep I think I might be starting to cool off a bit, hopefully I can just ignore these urges and wish for the best.