I don’t even know anymore.I usually don’t ever post how I’m feeling on threads or even tell my therapists how I’m truly truly feeling because I feel guilty for these thoughts that cross my mind.  But I feel like I’m going to go crazy after this Christmas. 

I hate this time of year. I’ve always had mental health issues, been hospitalized twice as a teenager, self harmed, drank mouthwash just to get drunk to ignore my feelings whatever. I had a great life growing up nothing really triggered me to become this way I guess my brain is very chemically imbalanced. 

Anyway I’m 24 I had my daughter at 20. to keep the story short I had a healthy pregnancy besides my type one diabetes but I took care of myself. I was scheduled to be induced, and she was perfectly healthy at the time however due to doctors negligence, and not paying attention to signs of distress . She was born having 36 seizures in 43 minutes and her whole brain was completely damaged. I was told she would not “live the ideal life”.  If you saw her in person today you would never guess anything was wrong with her, but there is. she is doing way more than anyone expected however I’ve noticed my mental health getting worse and worse every year. she was diagnosed with HIE, LGS, and type 1 diabetes within the first 2 years of her life. now that she’s getting older her seizures are getting worse, she’s becoming more delayed and I just honestly hate saying I don’t want to do it anymore. I’m tired of seeing kids happy on Christmas while my daughter is out of it not knowing how to rip open a present. I hate her birthday because her grandparents want to throw her a party every year and I hate everyone watching her “open” gifts (me opening them) and she’s just so out of it and has no clue what’s going on. and I don’t mean I don’t want to do it anymore as in I don’t want her anymore because I love my child to death, she’s the strongest child I know that can light up a room with her smile. I mean I don’t want to watch her struggle every day of her life, even though she doesn’t realize it. I have become so numb to her daily seizures because it’s the normal for our family. Im tired of the mix between of hopeful days and I don’t even know what’s coming days. I don’t want to die but I just don’t want to live anymore. It makes me so upset seeing neurotypical kids doing normal things and I have to watch my daughter just struggle to walk sometimes. I hate feeling this way I fucking hate it. Having LGS also means at any given time if she falls asleep she might not wake up due to a seizure in her sleep??? I hate this overwhelming feeling. I feel selfish most days since she’s the one who’s really struggling. I’m at a very all time low in my life. I don’t even know what I want anymore I just feel so numb to these doctors appointments I have to go to for her, I question am I doing enough or not, how can I do enough when I’m depressed and numb as ever just sitting on the couch watching her do the same things over and over and over. I don’t even know how to express this to anyone because it’s the same response, oh I’m so sorry I know it’s hard but your strong blah blah blah. I get people don’t know what to say but at the end of the day it’s something I have to do. Something I still have to deal with. Words won’t change anything because that doctor did permanent damage. I would never end my life, but I just don’t want to live anymore and I can’t get these constant worrying feelings out of my head. I try to look at the reality point of view but I still feel like I’m going to just have a huge mental breakdown and idk where I’m going with this, I just needed this off my chest. God I love my daughter so much she did not deserve this suffering.  I just want my will to live back.