Really think I'm gonna to do it soon.I've been thinking of killing myself for about a year now, but it has become more pronounced in the last few months to the point I'm thinking about everyday. I think I've always been broken and have never truly been happy in my 35 years on the planet. I was recently in a relationship where I was in love and she constantly told me she loved me and wanted to spend the rest of her life with me only for her to dump me as soon as the honeymoon period was over, and is now acting as if i never existed.it hurts beyond belief and I feel humiliated and stupid but I always knew it wasn't going to last because nothing good ever does for me.

Also I'm now having to live on my own for the first time in my life. I've always lived with somebody, friends, partners or family, but now there is no one. I can't really afford to do it. I'm in so much debt already. Following some serious health problems a few years back I decided to get a degree as I couldn't work at the time, and I recently finished a law degree with the open university, but despite this I've applied for at least 50 jobs in the last few weeks and not heard a sniff. I really need a job soon or I'll be out on the streets.

I don't want to go on like this. I don't think I'll ever he happy. My circle of friends is getting as they get married and have kids and I'm just so lonely it hurts. There are times when I go days without speaking to another person. No one texts or phones me and I just feel as if I don't add anything to anyone's life.

The only reason I haven't done it is because the pain it would bring to my little brother. There is quite a big age difference between us, he is 14. I don't see him much anymore as he doing is own teenage stuff, but I don't want to have this put on him at such a young age. 

But the feeling is getting stronger and I'm afraid one day soon I'm going to give in to it. I've already been thinking of how and where I would do it. I've even thought about my funeral and who would show up. 

Financial worries, recent break up and loneliness are just getting too much and I can't see it changing anytime soon. 