What do you do?I guess you could say I never really amounted too much. Any dreams I once possessed are becoming distant memories. I've lost almost all of my friends over the course of my life. I'm down to 3 and I'm not sure how long they'll still put up with me. When I don't talk about it, it gets worse. When I do talk about it, people eventually flee. I can't blame them. I probably would too. 

I've disappointed me family. I set lofty (but achievable) goals for myself, and failed at every step. At this stage I don't see any way to redeem myself, or become worthwhile to people. I'm not exactly smart or disciplined enough for college, and even when I've tried I just end up digging a hole with awful grades. I didn't turn out to be the person they wanted and that is displeasing at minimum and anguishing at its worst. 

I failed my loved ones. My poisonous personality turns people away, and torments anyone brave enough to try being with me. I don't see myself ever changing, and I don't present enough value for someone to accommodate me. I've resigned myself to the fact I'll be alone most likely until I die. 

I see no point in continuing further. I use up resources best spent to the benefit of others. If I leave, my family will have less need to spend as much money, my friends will be happier (after grief), and I'll never have to go another day dreading the doom and failure that my life is becoming. 

So I guess I don't understand. People say it's the selfish way out, but expect me to live purely for the benefit of others. This ways on me most heavily. My mother watched her dad commit suicide, and has said she'll be following me whenever I decide to take the leap. That hurts me moat, knowing I'm someone's anchor to their whole life. I can only hope she'll find the strength to carry on. Although I doubt she would. Above and below her and the family tree will be nothing but death. I know I already think of my grandfather as some sort of sign that this is my lot in life. I can't imagine how she would feel. I don't know what to do, continue on with crippling depression my entire life to save others pain, or take a quick way out and hope they can move on knowing its what I decided. 

I don't know what I'm looking for here. I guess sometimes it's just nice to say these things out loud without worrying you'll be abandoned.