Some thoughtsHi reddit.

I have been following this site for a while, in some way, the internet is like a refuge for me.

I'm a 19 years old guy from Mexico, I was studying university until I decided to leave everything behind almost a month ago, actually my life hasn't been terrible at all, but now a days I'm in dark place where i can't really found some way out, it may sound kinda stupid but you know in this moment I cannot think as clearly as I would like.

Three years ago I started going with a psychologist to deal with anxiety, in that moment I didn't imagine that everything would get so bad, actually the therapy was really helpful for me, so after half a year i stopped going, i was in highschool in that moment, my life was good in some way, i haven't been the most popular guy but i least i really had some friends to trust. In some way i was really excited about college, it was a way to start again in a new place with new people, but when i finally entered university everything went wrong. It's my second year of university, i don't have friends, i'm always alone, i never thought that loneliness will affect me as much as it does now a days, with the passage of time the anxiety returned much stronger, and it generated a much greater conflict, i began to have panic attacks in crowded places, agarophobia is now my biggest problem.

I hate going out of my house, i feel depresed most part of the week and all i want to do is sleep and play games, it's fucking terrible, i just don't really know what to do, i'm going again to therapy with a psychologist and a psychiatrist, but it hasn't been helpful. Suicide thoughts are again in my mind, and after a long time reflecting it, i think that it's my only way out.

I'm planning to do it next week, i cannot wait anymore to leave this thrash behind.

Thanks if you read the whole text, if i can help you on something i would try to make my best, leave a comment or send a message.

Also sorry if my english it's not the best i made a big effort for writing all this, thanks for all.