Need help for a friend who tried to kill herself yesterday.My best friend and ex-fiancée was arrested for her second DUI Friday night. The first happened several years ago, but this one will almost certainly mean jail time, significant fines, and losing her license for a long time. Though for some reason she was released, but had no car and was in another county. 

She called me terrified and hysterical at about 3:30am, and by 5:00am had indicated to me she intended to hurt herself. I gave her an ultimatum saying either I came and picked her up, or I'd call 911. She told me she'd run and hide, and if I called the cops she'd never speak to me again. I was ok with that, since at least she'd be alive to hate me. 

She apparently took all her Klonopin and an unknown amount of Benadryl. She had other pills, both prescribed and OTC, on her, but those were accounted for. I was en route to get her when she sent me a few garbled texts. At that point I decided to alert the police. I arrived and found them with her, incoherent and unable to stand. She was taken to the ER, and was admitted to the ICU for observations. 

This would be her 3rd or 4th suicide attempt. She's battled depression and panic attacks forever, and things were looking up recently. We were talking about getting back together, as we never really stopped loving one another. 

I called the hospital today and spoke to her, she has no memory of what happened (likely due to the 50mg or so of Klonopin). They are admitting her to the inpatient psych unit today. 

I don't know what to do. I cannot reason with her about how suicide is a bad idea. She thinks it's rational, that she's a burden on others and that things will never get better. She has a 13 year old son, but thinks he'll be better off without her. I've saved her life three times now, and she still thinks she's alone. She says she'd rather die than lose her freedom. 

I am trying to be supportive, but it's taking its toll on me too. I lost my mother to alcoholism a few years ago, and part of me still feels responsible for not doing more to save her. A big part of me wants to cut off ties, to walk away and drop this hero routine. But I couldn't live with myself if I did and she actually did succeeded in her attempts. 

I know I can't stop her if she's truly committed to the idea of killing herself. And I know the odds are against her, considering the number of past attempts. But I don't know how to make her see that life has more to offer, that this current situation is ultimately temporary. Everything I am tells me I have to save her, but part of me knows this isn't going to be the last time. 
