I don't know what to doI mean, I do know what to do, but obviously if I'm posting here that says something about where I am currently.

3+ years ago, my life was going great. I was getting ready to graduate high school. I'd been accepted into one the best colleges, into a program that was exactly what I wanted. I had a loving whole family that were supporting me and my parents had saved enough that with the scholarships I'd received, they could completely pay for college.

But now, nothing has changed. I'm exactly where I should be. I'm 3 years in and my academic record is noteworthy, if not laudable. Financially I'm in a great place after getting some in industry internships. I'm on track for great success.

Except I'm probably going to kill myself any day now.

Somehow over the past 3+ years, my entire life became lifeless. Nothing has changed on the surface, but everything is tainted, tinted grey, like the opening scenes of the Wizard of Oz. I don't find joy in anything anymore, and I don't get sad either. Sometimes I feel like crying or screaming, but I just can't. Sometimes it seems like everything sort of goes back to normal for a little while, like if I'm super busy or something. But then it always comes back. I've been trying to keep as busy as possible, but I'm just wearing myself out. Then I end up sleeping too much and wallowing in it.

I scare myself sometimes too. I know everyone has those invasive thoughts of random things they would never do, but mine really freak me out. Sometimes I'll find myself planing out elaborate suicide schemes, methods and notes and such. Nothing written down. Sometimes it's just random self harm, like stabbing myself over and over again, but I know I'm too much of a pussy to actually do anything. But that's not the worst. Sometimes I find myself looking around at the people around me, thinking about how many people I could kill before the police showed up, or what would happen if I stabbed this person or where the best place to put a bomb would be. It makes me sick to my stomach and I want to kill myself because of it. Especially because I know that I could do it. I have nothing on file that would disqualify me from buying a gun. I have enough technical knowledge to build a bomb. Knifes are pretty much everywhere. I wish that I'd get run over by a cement truck.

I don't want to tell anyone about this because I'd probably be put into a psych ward. Then my chance to kill myself really goes out the window. And I don't want to put my family through that. My sister just got out after trying to kill herself, but she had an actual reason. She was in severe physical pain for months and was doped up on who knows what barely distinguishable from heroin pain meds she was on. I don't think my parents could take that. And this was only within the last months.

I've been feeling this way for years. There was no trigger or trauma I went through. No rhyme or reason as to why I'm like this. I guess I'm just fucked up.

I'm not going to do anything tonight, but I guess I want some help since I'm here.