i'm way too scared to actually kill my self and I'm 100% positive I will never, but I've thought about it. life is just so damn boring and pointless and i dont understand why to plan for the future or do anythingAt this point, I'm at a point in my life where everyone sees me as living some sort of great life. Frankly to other people I guess I'm doing really "well" socially, academically and athletically. right i mean I've a lot of friends both at my new school and at home, my gpa was a 4.3 and i'm on the varsity squash team. so apparently i should be having a ton of fun with my life. I'm in high school at this point, a rising sophomore, and for some i guess this is where they're having the time of their lives.

but to me except 3 things, life is so fucking boring. i could be talking with my friends and it's boring, or doing fucking anything and its boring and pointless and i don't see why I should be doing it. when i'm studying my parents tell me "yeah this is for college you'll go to harvard of something and be super happy there dw man you got this!" and I just don't see the point.

I know for sure i enjoy 3 things;

squash

eating food while watching steve mre videos

and talking to a one person in particular

At my school, we had this guy talk about suicide and frankly it was pretty helpful. he talked about how he had to deal with really bad depression, stuff that sounded 100x worse than what I did, but his counselor asked him if he had even one thing he enjoyed. and this guy's thing was eating cereal or something. so the counselor told him to stick with it, and this guy did and he said that made him feel better.

now that sounded like a load of bullshit to me, but i tried it anyway because a counselor probably knows better than i did. for context, i go to boarding school so I couldn't really eat while watching steve mre videos because food is in the dining hall and for some reason we're not allowed to bring devices in there, and also the girl I enjoy talking to is in fucking korea so that's not really possible either. so i stuck with playing squash, and played every single second I wasn't studying at school or eating / sleeping. and honestly I thought i felt alot better, except whenever I stopped playing squash it was back to normal. i can't play squash forever.

and i stuck with my studying and working out and whatever i was doing because i told myself, "when i go back to korea and meet all the people there, it'll be worth it because i'll be smarter, and stronger, and a better person." that was literally the reason i continued continuing.

well now i've been in korea for almost 2 months, half of summer break has vanished and I still don't feel a fucking difference. It's the fucking same shit over and over and over and over again and it's not fucking fun. that shit i told myself "yeah it'll get better in kore" was just not true because it did not get better, and it is the same shit. my parents send me to math and SAT prep every day and I go because i dont have a goddamn choice but it's so fucking pointless. who the fuck cares if I get into harvard or if i get into no college at all? like who the fuck cares? definitely i dont, so why do I have to do this shit? i feel like my parents just want to fucking brag if I ever do get into harvard or something 'oh yeah my child got into harvard haha no big deal" and it's fucking ridicluous.

the one thing that was good about coming back to korea was being able to eat food while watching steve mre videos. honestly it might seem kinda sad but I've shut myself in way more than i used to. i used to eat with my family and shit but now i just take it into my room, lock my door and watch him eat mre preserved canned shit while i eat my own food. and frankly i felt "ok" when I was doing this. when I wasn't I felt shit and when I was, i felt fine, but bored. but less bored.

so i felt this and told myself, 'hey this is a good start lets keep going' so I tried to reconnect with friends. try to make another step towards feeling better i guess is what i told myself, so i met up with a couple of my previously super super close friends, and frankly it wasn't fun. right i smiled and laughed and stuff all the way along but it didn't really feel fun. i told myself it was fun because damn if this wasn't fun then i guess nothing was but it wasn't fun. I and i th ink 5 other guys went on a trip to a river and we played and stuff but i mean it was't really fun, and when we all got back from screwing around in the river and eating, they'd go play cards or whatever but i'd just sleep under the pretense that i was tired. really it just wasn't fun.

so that didn't work, and i tried one last thing yesterday. when I went to school in korea, i had a super duper close friend lets call her 'aileen' because thats a pretty cool name. and reconecting with her holy shit she's like the same fucking person as me, minus the hidden bored with life. maybe she is i have no idea because i don't dare talk about stuff like that with her. we had dinner and ate tacos and talked for an hour because she had to go afterwards to prep for a debate tournament. and that was the best i've ever felt maybe in my life. it was just someone I could talk about almost anything to and feel completely OK, and holy shit it was amazing. even if I wasn't talking, listening was more than enough and holy moly i just listened and listened and then talked and I felt so happy. (no i'm not romantically interested in her that had passed like a year before)

then I walked back home and i had this gut wrenching feeling because I knew she was busy. she goes to SAT prep like 10 hours a day from 1 to almost 12 am so I know that might've been the last time I could talk to her like that for the entire summer, and god fucking damn it hurt so fucking much. the one thing that I know I could do and have actual fun and not feel like was a complete waste of my time was some elusive ass shit that I know i can't do very often. and It just hurts so fucking much I can't deal with it. afterwards I just lied in my bed and literally i didn't know what to do. it was the worst feeling i've ever felt ever. it's like getting a taste of "this is what escaping depression feels like" but then realizing you can never actually fully have it and god fucking damn at that point when I realized that I 've nevre felt any closer to wanting to die. I'm so scared of death even though I don't want to really live.

I mean I did the math, and i play squash around 3 hours a day, 6 times a week, and I'm eating food while watching steve mre twice a day for maybe 30 minutes, and I talked to her for one hour. so that's 26 hours per week that i'm doing something that kinda takes away the pain out of 168 fucking hours in a week. ok lets add sleeping time I guess i sleep a lot maybe 8 hours a day, so 82/168 hours a week that i'm doing something that doesn't hurt.  that's fuckign 48.8%. that is less than half of my time per week that I'm doing something that doesn't make me want to not live. is that fukcing worth it? is living more than half of my life  in absolute just pain worth it for one hour of actual happiness that may not happen ever again, and then 81 hours of just OK feeling? it doesn'tfeel worth it to me and wheneveri have freetime I'm just wondering "what should I do" because I literally have nothing to do during that time that i fucking enjoy. and these things are fading too. i used to take away the pain by playing a shit ton of csgo and some other games but since an entire year ago that's not fuckign fun. what happens when I lose the enjoyment of playing squash or just fucking eating while watching steve mre videos? what do i do then?

and the worst part of it all is that one hour that i was truly having fun may not happen ever again even in my entire fucking life. living at boarding has its tolls on your reltaionships with people at home. i'm not going to stay really tight friends with her forever. i mean i was really lcose with her before i went to boarding but i mean I've already been away for a year and obviously that's taken its toll. I was talking to her and she was talking about some guy asking who I was and she told me he asked if I was her boyfriend and then she said "no its just a guy I used to be super close to."

I'm not an idiot, i know I'm not supre close to her anymore but damn that fucking hurts to know that every second i'm like withering away at boarding school, the stuff i really enjoy at home is like getting farther and farther away. and holy shit i think that is the worst feeling ever. i'm scared to go to boarding again in september because I know that another year isn't going to have good effects on my relationships at home and I know that it's going to be worse next year and I know that next year, that third thing that I truly do enjoy might be fucking gone. and along the way maybe watching steve eat mres will become boring too and then I have virtualyl nothing to look forward to.

people have told me before that it gets better in college. but damn it doesn't feel like that anymore. that's what I told myself in like march when i posted on seriosuconversation for advice and that's why i kept busting my ass through the rest of school, and teling myself that it would get better. but damn it doesn't feel better, and I don't think I can take three more entire god damn years of this shit to have a hope of having fun in college. 

people have also told me "talking to other people is the best way to go about it" unfrotunately the only person I have a good time talking to is literally having the busiest summer of her life and has no time to talk. my parents try to talk to me, not about this because they don't know, but about other stuff and I just reply so tersely because hoenstly as shitty as it might sound of me, I don't enjoy talking to them and I don't want to. of course I appreciate that they pay for my education and food and stuff but fact is i don't enjoy talking to them and I don't want to. with my sister its the same thing. i don't enjoy talking to her, and i still have to obviously because she's my sister. 

and the one person i do enjoy talking to is so damn busy and she's also going to america in literally 6 days or so. what the fuck am I going to do? I know for a fact i can't go on like this forever and I also know that there is no way that I would ever kill myself. I'm so scared because honestly I live with the hope that maybe i can play more squash and i'l become a god and become a pro or maybe this or maybe that but i'm just scared that at one point i'll stop making those hopes and i'll stop caring and thats where it all ends. i dont want to ever kill myself, because I know that before I went to boarding I was having the time of my life. but people have changed i guess over a year and there's no way I can go back because it just won't be the same and I won't have the same time of my life again. i know that for a fact. I know what actually being happy is like and i'm afraid i'll never feel that agina and if I don't then what's the fucking point? 


i mean i've been blessed with a really great family that really cares for me, yet i feel like shit because frankly I don't really care about it. i've been blessed with really great friends, that again I really don't care about because I don't really care about anything at this point. I'm so fucking blessed with everything that should make me happy i mean frankly being objective i've even been blessed with good looks and still I'm a fucking wreck internally. I'd always hear that 'oh depression can happen to anyone even if you're living the perfect life" and i thought it was a load of bullshit until now becaues i'm literally in that situation and god dammit it sucks so fucking much. I just need to talk to someone anonymously. i know in korea people aren't very accepting or understanding about depression so if I tell anyone here hool yhsit my life will fall apart so i need to talk to someone. if you've read this whole thing thank you so so much.