I feel like there's no point in tryingI"ve unemployed for almost 3 years.  I've been desperately trying to find a job almost the entire time.  For about a year, I went back to college, and ended up having to drop out due to financial issues.  I'm applying to 3 or 4 jobs every single day, in various different fields, sometimes even fast food jobs.  But I never hear back from a single one.  I have serious money issues, to the point that I'm worried when a debt collector will end up calling me and I have no way to pay it.

On top of that, I'm trans, and the above caused me to have to move back in with my parents.  They hate me for being trans, and the only reason they haven't kicked me out of their house is because they think I'm still in college.  I have to pretend to leave in the morning, and end up coming back like 40 minutes later after they've left for work.  My friends have also all either moved on with their lives or decided to not talk to me anymore because I'm trans.

And I don't think transitioning is going to work to make me happier either.  Don't get me wrong, I feel that transitioning is the right choice, but I've been on it long enough that's apparent I'm never going to look like a woman in any way.  I'll have small boobs, but still look like a man for the rest of my life. I just have too many manly features that are from going through a male puberty. While sure, I'd love to be attractive, that wasn't really the goal.  I just wanted to look like a woman and be treated like a woman, but that's never going to happen.  Detransitioning wouldn't make me feel any better either.  Being openly trans just gets me harassed and fired from jobs since I live in such a shitty conservative area.

I'm also tired of being a burden on everyone around me.  Sure they might be sad if I were to die (doubtful though), but it'd be better in the long run for everyone.  I get why they all hate me, and honestly I think they should.

I honestly don't even know why I'm making this post.  I can't imagine anyone saying anything that could fix any of this.  And no, don't tell me "Oh, I care about you!"  You don't.  You just don't want to feel guilty that you saw someone about to die and didn't do anything.