I’ve felt like this my entire life. I’m 27 and starting to accept it’s not going to change.I don’t want to exist. Not like “I’m in a state where I might fly off the handle and do something rash.” I just truly don’t want to be anymore. My childhood was horrible but blaming it on that as a successful adult seems silly. The only reason I haven’t committed suicide is because I don’t want to hurt anyone that I’m close to, and the idea of them feeling guilty for something like this seems cruel. I genuinely think their lives would be better without me if it didn’t have to be some sad, traumatic event. Of course, explaining this to them would make the current situation worse because they would worry and I don’t want that more than anything. But the idea of living is less appealing than it ever has been. My friends and what’s left of my family think I’m well adjusted. I’m in school still, doing well. I have friends, I’m one of the listener types because it’s much easier to help someone with their problems than voice mine. 
Those around me are strong, resilient, bright, successful, loving people who have gone through and, in some cases, are still going through some terrible things. But they have this deep sense of self and will and desire to achieve that comes from within them. I think I was born without that, or maybe it was taken away. Where there should be a person inside me I feel like there’s this black, sucking hole that pulls pain into it and very rarely lets it out. It’s rimmed with light though. I can be funny, I can be charming, I can be very empathetic.....and that’s what people see. But behind this there is a deep and gnawing desire to not exist, and a pretty decent certainty that I don’t genuinely have a personality. I’m a chameleon, taking on traits that benefit those I’m around. If I had one wish it would be that every memory of me could disappear, I could quietly take a lot of my medication, and not be anymore. What is the point in keeping on like this? There’s no value that I add to anyone’s life other than companionship and offering love, but that’s easy to replace. Living like this, spending another sixty years of this seems unbearable, and, given the last quarter century of my life, it seems kind of silly to “hang in there because it’ll get better!” I always tell people they shouldn’t have to make decisions based on guilt, but that’s exactly what I’ve been doing the whole time. They say fake it until you make it.....that’s just turned me into a very good faker that just wants to be at peace so badly. I can’t discuss this with anyone I’m close to because watching them start hurting for me would be the worst. 
So please.....if anyone has a reason other than not hurting others to stay alive, I could really use it.
Love to all of you. I hope we all find the comfort we need, however that may come.