I'm just so tired of how shitty everything isI'm 20 years old and honestly not too bad looking of guy. I was a pretty normal guy, played football in high school, hung out with friends and went to parties. This was until I realised how depressed I was. Since I was around 16 I've been hurting myself and been having suicidal thoughts. I feel like the loneliest motherfucker ever. I have talked to countless girls throughout the years and still had never gone on a date or anything ever with a girl, best I've ever gotten is a hug. I've tried the typical bull shit of talking with friends and hoping they would understand but not force them to help. Somehow I fucked up talking about my issues so much that all of them hate me now. I didn't press them about it, they actually came to me and I would only open to the so much. At some point after my first attempt of an OD they slowly stopped talking to me amd began to hate me. One girl who used to be my best friend, who I would hang out all the time witb, recently tried to have me arrested for harassment. Yes I guess I did do it but it was only after she had completely shut me out and I just wanted to know wtf I did wrong. I still think about her all the time and what it was that I did originally to make her hate me so much. Other situations are all similar but not as intense except for one. I've had a lot of people just block me and won't talk to me for whatever reason I can't figure out. Theres one person I know who still hates me and apparently speaks for everyone, but won't ever give me an honest answer as to wtf everyone's problem with me is. Now this next part is probably going to sound kinda extreme and I just want to state that I never had any issues like this any time before I talked to my "friends" about my issues. After getting shut out by everyone I turned to cigarettes, alcohol, and weed. All of these problems came after all this shit. I've only had a little bit of alcohol before any of that and never any drugs. Now I'm high pretty much every day, and any day I'm not high I'm drinking. Now this one person who speaks for every apparently, is a rich douchebag who thinks hes better than everyone, you know the type. One night I had got in a drunken rage and actually tried to kill him. I was choked out by some random people and left outside till I left when I woke up. Out of pity I'm sure, he pressed no charges as he knew of my mental issues. I have no idea how I got to that point and that's why ill pretty much only get high now, I'm afraid of what ill do drunk. Right now I'm an engineering aid and getting a degree to become an electrical engineer. As cool as I actually find the whole subject to be I'm so ashamed of what ive done and how alone I am. I hardly sleep at all anymore. All I can think about is how I fucked it up with that one friend, I love her. How I got my friends to hate me so much just cause I was was sad. I have constant headaches that feel like sharp pains, like someone's stabs my brains with a knife and it shatters out across my head. I just want to sleep, I want this pain to go away. I have no friends, I've never felt any sort of love. Seeing everyone so happy and in relationships, as hard as they may come to them, they still come to them. I feel ive tried harder than anyone to get there, to be happy, to have any relationship at all, yet I haven't even come close. With this downward spiral I'm going down there cant be any way back up. I don't deserve to be loved. I don't deserve to be alive anymore.

Also before you say find new friends or whatever, I can't, I've tried. I'm too afraid of going through any of this again. I can't trust myself or anyone else. I cant get close to people because if I try to become friends I find myself,distancing myself when that's what I don't want. But I know deep down that its a good thing for both of us to stay apart

Edit: Sorry if any of my responses seem innapreciative. I really really do appreciate any feedback. I'm just considering a lot of what to do right now and just voicing what I'm thinking