The feeling of loneliness and being misunderstood have made me suicidalI'm probably going to be alone forever. How do I know that? It wouldn't be easy to find someone compatible with me, someone I could date and live with. I'm a young asexual female.  Asexuals are like 1% of the population. It's going to be hard to find someone that accepts this. I don't want.  I do want to have children, and from what I've seen, most asexuals don't want children. So, my chances are lower. To make things worse, there's another thing that could be a dealbreaker for a lot of people. And that is I don't want to have pets. I don't think I could live with with a dog or cat inside my house. 

I just wanted to find someone like me, have children with them and live a happy family life. But I'll probably never find that person. What are the chances? And suppose I find someone who is ok with those three things, what are the chances we get along in other aspects? 

There's more to this feeling of loneliness than just these three things I mentioned, but I mentioned them because they're probably the most important since for most people they're dealbreakers. And I guess they're also the main reasons I feel alone in this world. In a world that's (from my perspective, at least), sex-obsessed, and people wanting kids but not pets are rarely found.

The deep feeling of loneliness and misunderstanding led me to suffer a strong emotional pain (I'm not sure if it's depression). In the last days my mood has improved a lot but I'm not sure if it's going to last. The feeling of loneliness may probably come back.

 I've wondered if there's actually any point on me living. I don't feel like I belong, and if I'm going to be alone forever, then what's the point of living. I think I could to do things that can make an impact (even if small) on the world, but the feeling of loneliness may be too painful to continue living. As I said, my mood has been improving. The reason for that change was some physical pain  I started having, it made me ask myself if I really wanted to die. I decided I didn't wsnt to kill myself. However I don't think I want to live in this way. It's like being stuck. I'm only alive now because of my family, otherwise I would have already killed myself. 

I used to visit the depression sub but even there I couldn't relate to most of what people were saying. So, again, I felt alone. In Facebook it has become quite popular lately to post sad memes. I saw some of them for some time, and most of them were people feeling sad about their crush not talking to them, their bf/gf breaking up with them or just being in love with someone that doesn't love them back. And I thought "Well, I don't even have someone to fall in love with, I wish I could find someone I can fall in love with" Like, most people posting those memes probably don't experience the feeling of not being compatible with almost anyone. In my mind it doesn't make sense to fall in love with someone that rejects you. I always thought that when I find the right person then he will love me back, because otherwise he wouldn't be the one, he wouldn't really be the "right" person, and if he's not the one for me then why keep caring for him? Then the other most common topic for the memes was the feeling of being ugly and that, because that, they won't get a bf/gf, or just the bad self-esteem. Another thing I can't relate to. I don't think I'm super pretty, I may have some "defects" but I like how I look. I think for the most part having bad looks doesn't mean you won't get a partner. The most important is personality, if the person is right for you then he/whe will love you for who you are. But I'm not saying that those people's pain is less valid, I understand people react differently to different things, and people can suffer a lot from those type of things. I'm just saying I can't relate to them, I can't really find people who are on a similar situation to mine, and that makes me feel even more alone and sad.

