I feel lost and like I'm a burden to others.I've never been happy in my life. My parents divorced when I was 7 and had a massive effect on how I behaved at that age. It was completely my dad's fault for being a lying and useless alcoholic but I lashed out on everyone else but him. Within a few years I ceased all contact with my father and began to feel better. Soon I went to secondary school, made new friends and began a new chapter that I thought would be the start of a happy life.

When I hit 14, I started to think in a more cynical mindset and became very negative. I stopped practicing drawing, one of my only hobbies and wasted an enormous amount of time on video games. I felt completely demotivated to do anything with my life and consequently my mother and sister who I lived with were always annoyed by this and just ended up shouting at me a lot and never really talking to me.

This carried on for another year until I realised that I can actually change my life and do what I want. If I wanted happiness then I have to go find it. No one else will bring it to me, only I can. I began progressing rapidly with my drawing skills to a point where I want to utilise them for a career. However, despite mentally feeling better, I noticed that I was often fatigued and struggled concentrating in school performing below what was expected of me In exams. My mother and the school did not hide their frustration which only exacerbated the issue. 

I started feeling worthless and constantly angry with those around me. I started to stay at home instead if school due to my exhaustion, sleeping to extremes of 20 hours straight only to go back to sleep in a matter of hours. I lost weight despite being well bellow average for my age and height. But perhaps the most drastic thing to happen was that I began experiencing hair loss- random patches of baldness all over my thin,dead, curly hair.

People began making fun of my hair and my weight and people still do, everyday. My mother couldn't deal with my mood so called my dad to talk to me for the first time in 5 years (I'm 16 now) just a few months back in late October . I felt like he would be a part of my life again after having a chat and then in the weekend, going for a meal. But after that, I never heard from him since. My resentment for him fuelled and I still get upset and envious of people who have good relationships with their fathers.

Needless to say, I starting feeling even worse but still continued my drawing studies and looked for free lance work. Despite this, my mother has taken my computer as she thinks it's the source of the problem but now i can't work digitally so I can't do any paid work. Now I don't bother going to school who are threatening to prosecute my mother and bring in a social worker although I've told the school exactly how I'm feeling.

This all has a great effect on my family. They're all getting stressed and frequently vent on me. I do have a bloodtest this Monday and if I'm diagnosed with anything, I hope everyone calms down and helps me through this. I can't go on with things as they are right now. I just want to be happy not have this overwhelming self doubt and exhaustion. I now look like a corpse but I was once a healthy looking lad with a cheeky smile who got a fair share of attention from girls.
I feel like a dead weight to everyone around me and have no idea where to go from this. I'm very conscious of how I look and just want everyone to understand how I feel and that it's not ok to ridicule people that have done no wrong and want to be left alone.

I don't want to die, I want to move to a new country and find a wife there if I haven't found the love of my life already. I want children and be the best dad I can be. I want to look back at my teenage years as my lowest point but cherish the new life I have with the family I love. I'm scared that this is all fantasy, and I will be stuck where I am now where I might as well he dead as I won't have to deal with my feelings then. 

What do I do?