The thought that keeps repeating itself over and over in my head is, "I just don't want to be here."Lemme give you the Clif Notes:
Mom and Dad met in AA meetings, though they both worked the GA/NA trifecta before all was said and done. Mom hooked up with a sadistic fuck of a human being, and from ages 6-10 I lived in what Family Services called "torturous conditions". Got placed with Dad, who stayed sober but still didn't know how to raise a kid. Lasted about three years there before he knocked my skull in and I ran away. Shuttled between homeless shelters and foster programs, ended up getting placed BACK with my Dad because no one really wanted to deal with me for long. (As you can imagine, I'd internalized a pretty strong dislike for authority and penchant for violence.)

Squeaked out of my teen years alive, despite persistent suicidal feelings. Decided all would be better once I managed to transition to living as a woman. (Oh, I'm transgendered. Did I mention that? Prolly should.) Realized that the money needed for transition and the likelihood of finding a job as a 6'+ woman with a five o'clock shadow didn't mesh, so spent about five years meandering from job to job and home to homelessness. In the process, fell off a roof and royally fucked my back, which was compounded by scoliosis the school docs had never caught and a cyst the size of a fist behind my abdominal wall that I had removed once, and grew back.

In the meantime, my best friend headed downhill - he'd sought psychiatric help and they told him that trees were the reason he was depressed, and he needed to stop smoking them and start taking their drugs. He went through a few hospital stays, and cycled through something like 18 medications over the course of three years. He decided to get a fresh start in a new state, and I went with him.
My hormones were off the charts (remember when puberty hit full swing? Yeah, something like that...) and he was on and off so many meds that his side effects were nearly as bad as his symptoms. We argued, he kicked me out, I let him and cut ties. I built a new life from nothing. Again. Lost my car, found a partner, talked my way into a retail job and consistently outperformed anyone's expectations.

Got suicidally depressed earlier this year when I realized there probably wasn't going to be a time when my life became a "normal" woman's, and I'd probably always wonder if the people laughing when I went out were laughing at me. Spent some time in the hospital, started antidepressants.

Two weeks ago, my best friend (who had moved back home) drove to my state, bought a gun, and blew his head off in a park. I went home to find out he'd told everyone how ashamed he was of how things ended with us, and how he wished we could reconnect. I was one of his last friends that he pushed away. (To avoid portraying myself as a saint: I said my own share of fucking hurtful things when I was feeling hurt myself.) Since it happened, I alternate between autopilot, sleeping too much, smoking myself out of the reality of the situation, and uncontrollable sobbing/screaming. My whole life has been chaos, and the 15 years I knew him was longer than I'd had contact with anyone in my life, including my own parents. We spent most of that 15 years seeing each other every day.

 I work 40 hours a week in a retail hell that makes me want to scream, and pay 20% of everything I make into an insurance policy that, with my shitty retail wage, I still can't afford to use. My back is agony, my cyst randomly abscesses and bleeds, and I'm still a 6'+ woman who questions every look people give me. I don't want to overstate my case for the Oppression Olympics, but the job market doesn't get any easier when you're an unprotected minority. I still want to kill myself.

I am so incredibly scared of following the same path he did, pushing people away and riding the pharmaceutical merry-go-round til I look for the fastest way out. I also don't like feeling like I'm carrying on the proud family tradition of addiction - but the "haze" is the only time I feel beautiful, the only time I feel worthwhile, the only time I stop thinking about why the fuck I should bother long enough to bother and do something. What the fuck do I do?