For people thinking about attempting suicideI have deep wounds and I keep them hidden. Somehow, I am a prisoner in my own past. I tried to kill myself too, you know. More than once. First time: swallowing pills. Everything I found in my house. But of course It’s kind of hard when people are checking on me every 2 hours as it was in my case. My brother meant everything to me. He was the one that managed somehow to convince me not to commit suicide again. So when he died of overdose, it was like my whole world just started to fall apart and I was staring blankly. I was alone with him in the house when this happened. When I realized that it was too late to call the ambulance, I took a knife and rushed to the bathroom._x000D_


I was holding the knife in my hand and had this selfish desire to slit my wrists. But I couldn’t do it. Why? For a split second, I looked in the mirror and saw my blue eyes filled with a mix of fear and sadness. And then I realized something. I was the last person in my family. The one and only. If I were to die, then my family will slowly be forgotten. From moments, to names._x000D_


So next time you want to commit suicide just remember: if you do it, you won’t know what will happen to you. You think this way you’ll end the pain? You won’t. Or maybe you will. You’ll never know. You’re just throwing yourself in an endless black hole, with no clue of what’s coming next or what happened before. And then, you’ll be a cross in a cemetery. People will come to you and think about you. For days, maybe weeks, months, years. Until they won’t anymore. They’ll just come to your grave and think about you for a couple of minutes and then they go home and continue their lives, forgetting after 30 minutes. So, you’ll spend seasons under the sunlight, cold rain and snow just hoping someone will show up in front of your cross and just remember you even for a couple of seconds, so you feel like you mattered._x000D_


Now, don’t get me wrong. Death is inevitable for sure. But if you die, when time decides, people will come to your cross and think about how you made them happy. They’ll remember moments and smile, maybe even laugh a little. They’ll remember that you lived your life to the fullest and died peacefully, ready for it. Not by slitting your wrists or swallowing pills, because you weren’t happy with the world. And in that moment, maybe, just maybe, you’ll have this weird feeling that your cold, lifeless body, has a sparkle of life in it.