I just don’t see myself living a good lifeI don’t know what’s the point anymore. I’ve never had friends growing up, i’m 21 now and im utterly alone right now. I have no one, i pushed my family out of my life, i pushed what little friends i had out of my life, i’ve been all alone for the most of 2020. It just dawned on me a couple days ago that I literally haven’t spoken a single word out of my mouth to another human being in weeks, and when i did it was when i was ordering fast food. When i finally spoke my voice was so hoarse and the words croaked out of my mouth i felt so low, and when i saw myself in the mirror and saw my unkept hair and dark circles under my eyes and realized what i’ve become, it’s so clear that i’m just never going to have a life worth living.

My mom has cancer and dementia, my dad doesn’t even talk to me anymore more, me and my sister used to be so close together and now we can’t even be in the same room together. I know that when i kill myself everyone that used to be in my life will be sad, and my family will fall apart, but i want to do it so bad. I just feel so selfish leaving my family in a worse state than they already are but how can I keep living like this.

I just don’t know what to do, every time i talk to anyone i get so nervous and anxious. I keep thinking about the future i can have, and i just don’t see myself being happy. I do good in school, could probably have a decent career if i tried, but what’s the point if i can’t even look someone in the eyes and have a conversation with them. I know ill never get married, much less date anyone. And if i am lucky enough to find someone i just know it’s a matter of time before they get bored of me and leave me.

There’s just nothing left for me. I’d love to say i tried but the truth is i’ve dug myself into a hole that i’m afraid i can’t dig myself out of. I want to be better than this so bad but i’ve been this socially awkward since i was a kid and at this point I don’t know how to stop. I feel so weak and stupid for allowing my life to be this way and now there’s no hope for me.

I’ve been suicidal since I was 15, i’m 21 now. I already know how i’m gonna do it, what to write on my death note, how i’m gonna leave my body for my friends and family. It’s so pathetic that i’ve put more thought into my death than my life but even the thought of waking up tomorrow and going through the same hell i’ve been going through my whole life is so daunting. 

I wish I could give this life to someone else so badly. It feels so selfish and wrong to give up on living but it feels even worse to continue living like this. I wish there was a way to give my life to someone who’s more deserving because death is the only alternative i can think of.