The mask we wearI attempted suicide a month ago. I've been inpatient, partial inpatient, and now intensive outpatient (supposedly I'm bipolar type 2/severe depression). I have talked about "wearing a mask" every single day at work (while I'm in therapy). I put on my bright smile for my patients and my coworkers. No one knew what was coming.

The "mask" is what we "wear" everyday to get through the day and make everyone think we're okay, even though we aren't. We don't want people to worry, or we don't know how to ask for help, or maybe we think they don't want to hear about it.

The mask is how we hide our shame of being depressed.

I feel like my mask has shattered, and I have been laid bare. I can't gather the strength for a smile anymore for anyone. My days bleed together. I feel like therapy isn't working, or maybe the medications they put me on aren't working. I know I have an amazing support system, but getting through the day is just a hassle. Once I get home from therapy (it's 3 days a week for 3 hours now that I'm intensive outpatient), I lay down and turn on YouTube to watch other people play video games, because I can't even muster the energy to play a video game myself. Than I stay in bed the rest of the day. If I think about it, I might eat something. I'm down to maybe one meal a day. 

I drastically changed my hair the other day. I bleached it, than dyed it 4 different colors. I've been thinking about just packing a bag and disappearing, maybe going to the Appalachian trail and just walking. I don't care what happens to me.

I have been contemplating suicide again. I've been gathering information about where I went wrong last time. I've even told my therapist what I was doing, how I was gathering information so I didn't mess it up next time. She only asked me if I had a plan, which I told her I did not, and it was only thoughts at the time. I don't know what I'm asking for here. I just need to put it out there. I honestly don't care that I'm not using a throwaway even though my roommate (and probably more people) knows my username. At this point, I've just stopped caring about anything.