I never got to be a teenager.Hey everyone, hope your night has been better than mine. I've been lying in bed for about 4 hours now trying to think of a reason to move but I just cant find one. I'm 20 years old and I disgust myself. I can't get a job and my parents pay for my apartment and my college. They think that I have a plan to use my major and that I'm having the time of my life at this school but the truth is I'm completely lost and alone. My grades are fine but I'm not on track to graduate or get any internships (a death sentence in todays economy). I also spend every night locked in my room alone listening to my roommates and neighbors party. 

In a year or so I'm going to have to take care of myself completely: get a job I hate and be even more isolated than I am now. I don't want that. I want to be a teenager again. I spent my teens being a nerdy straight edge loser. I never went to dances in high school, never asked out any of my crushes, never went on a spring break, never got drunk in college, never rushed a fraternity, never made friends in the dorms, never got to experience young love.

 I missed out on so many parties, events and memories during the most important decade of my life and its left me to be an emotionally stunted shell. I have nothing to look forward to except work and loneliness because all of the best things in life passed me by. Whenever I remember all the old young adult stories I read in middle school I can barely believe that I'm actually older than all of those characters. I feel like a child, scared and helpless. I'm weak, unattractive to women and made fun of by guys. Its all my fault for letting my teens escape unchallenged. I'm soft, lazy and completely outmached by the amazing, beautiful and motivated people that surround me.

 If I had just done things differently for the last few years I probably could have had everything I want: friends , sex, career prospects; but instead I'm burning away my parents life savings to sit and cry alone on a squeaky bed. I dont want to live this life anymore; I just want to go back, I just want to make things right. 