An interesting titleBefore I get into this I do not want your pity I do not want any help and I am not seeking any attention. I just want to say what I feel like saying. Also I'm not doing it soon(I think).This is also going to be a huge incoherent rant that I'll just delete later in the day.(also I summed it up at the bottom)

I want to die I have wanted to die for 8(almost nine) years now I read online and heard that ilI should wait until I'm an adult because my mind is still changing and things would get better if I wait. Things have not gotten better I waited and waited and nothing change in fact I feel it has actually gotten worse. I'm not happy I haven't been happy and now I don't remember if I have ever been happy before. I really don't know if I was happy; I thought I used to be happy but that feels like a different life or a lie at this point. I haven't had single real friend in my entire life. 19 almost 20 years without a single person I could rely on for help or just comfort and it sucks. The loneliness has been killing me slowly as the years tick on it just only continues to prove that no one will truly ever like me. I could go on and on about how "things will get better" argument is complete bullshit made to keep people like me live for longer but it truly doesn't matter I just want to die I truly want to die but I don't want to kill myself(I do but I don't if that makes sense) my dead body from suicide will just be a huge pain in the ass for everyone who has to deal with it and it'll just be another person who has killed themselves and I don't want it to be like that I would rather die in a car crash or a mass shooting or something(my original plan was to join the military and die on the battlefield but apparently my hearing is to bad to join) I really just want death to come for me at this point but at this point it won't come until I'm old or at some point when I'm a homeless loser on the streets and if I ever do become happy I know that's when death will approach me or my happiness because life fucking sucks like that. And before any of you say think of your loved ones and friends they wouldn't give a shit if I do it it would just be something annoying to deal with. Feel free to ask any additional questions if you honestly even care.


Long story short I just want to die nothing has become better in my life and it won't ever become better.(if I had to give an example of my daily thought process it would season 4 episode 6 of Bojack horseman except the getting drunk part)

Thanks for reading I guess.
