In one way or another I have been bullied my entire lifeI’m known as the guy in a group of people who is always smiling, I enjoy jokes and hanging out with good people. However, I have emptiness inside of me 24/7. No matter what i am doing I worry about my future and what I’m going to do with my life so that people don’t think I’m a loser. I credit this all to the fact that I have been consistently dealing with bullies my entire life.

When i was young I had long hair (I’m a male, has a pretty feminine looking face) and kids used to make fun of me nonstop about how I looked just like a girl. This went on from 2nd grade to 6th grade, I eventually had enough as the bullying piled up that I decided to cut my hair. Looking back at the haircut, it honestly wasn’t the best choice at all for me, but there’s no reason to call someone a dyke or a faggot over their hair choice, especially not someone who is only 8 years old.

During the time that i was being bullied for my hair, I never realized that i had begun stress eating. I started to put on weight but never realized it at all until I went to my pediatrician and she informed me that I was in whatever percentile the overweight kids were. That’s when I started slouching my shoulders very deeply so my stomach wouldn’t poke through my shirt. My brother and sister (who I love very much now) would tease me for the way i walked, but I would walk with my shoulders slouched solely because if I stood up straight, my stomach would look enormous. During gym class kids would pick on me in the locker room while we were changing because of how large I was and where the fat would go on my body,  all of it went straight to my stomach and none of it to my arms. I never played sports because of this, except for football, all the kids who were in shape would just bully me and not think twice about just how dangerous their words were. 6th grade was the first time I had serious thoughts of suicide. I was sitting in my history class and my teacher was describing a quiz we would have on Friday, it was Monday. I got sick and tired of being bullied by everyone that I decided to go home and slit my throat, I knew exactly where the knives were and I was going to listen to my favorite song at the time and just let myself go. But when I got home my dad was there, he never worked on mondays but i forgot, I saw him when I walked in and I was stunned. I repressed my suicidal thoughts but later admitted it to him. It was the first time i ever saw him cry, I saw a psychiatrist for 2 months and thought that was it.

Fast forward to high school, I still receive the same bullying from 9th to the end of 11th grade. I started making friends and hanging out with people, I don’t really belong to any group of people, I just know kids honestly that i hang out with sometimes. During high school I stopped eating, i would eat half of my lunch at school and that was it. I’d go home and maybe snack on something but i cut down my weight entirely. After 11th grade I hit a growth spurt out of nowhere. I sprouted yo to 6’4 and lost a lot of baby fat. Football  People started noticing my height the next school year and people asked me to play basketball, I never played basketball at all before because all my bullies played on there. So I tried playing just for fun.. I was terrible. Kids were laughing at me, a 6’4 now skinny lanky kid who couldn’t even dunk a basketball. I was a laughing stock for the rest of the school year. Kids constantly told me that my height was a “waste” and that if they had my body they’d be doing great things instead of just being a bum. I started running everyday, 5 miles every single day, when i graduated high school i was 6’4 160 pounds. My suicidal thoughts came back that year, big time. I had thought about suicide every single day since 6th grade but senior year of high school was terrible for me.

I got a job halfway through senior year that I am still working at 3 years later. I work as a cashier, customers always ask me if I play basketball and when I tell them no they just stare at me and don’t further the conversation. I hate it, I never told anyone I was a basketball player, I never asked to be this tall. I hate the pressure that people put on me nonstop.

I went to college and got a 2 year degree just in liberal arts, I felt accomplished after doing that. I felt like I made my parents proud. But I have no idea what I want to do with my life.

I also took exams to become a police officer, at the age of 19 because i thought “why not, being a cop looks like a cool job”. I didn’t expect much to happen out of it but flash forward 9 months later and I was hired at the age of 20. I started the academy and left 5 days later. I have felt hopeless since then. I had a solid career in my hands at the age of 20, but I just let it go. But I was terrified of the power that I would have had and worried that I would harm someone during my career, so i left. But now I feel like a failure. It’s been 3 months since I left. I also left because if I do live long enough to have a family, I want to have a career that will allow me to be around as much as possible to help raise my children. (The area I was “employed” with has an enormous crime rate, the counselors said to the class that anyone with children is most likely going to miss a good chunk of their children’s lives)

I have thought about committing suicide everyday since my 6th grade history class. I am in agony, but it has been magnified to 100 ever since I left the academy. I am a failure and an embarrassment to my family. I just work a part time job now with no idea what i want to do with my future at all.

I love my parents and my siblings. They are the reason I don’t kill my self. The thought of anyone in my family finding me dead brings me to tears... if I kill myself only then will my life have been a waste. I would describe my relationship with my friends but that’s a story much longer than this one. But I struggle seeing a point to life. I don’t know what to do with my life, what to do for a career. I don’t want to live my life just punching in and punching out and receiving a paycheck and then retiring. I want to do something significant with my life. I am mentally drained from the constant barrage of bullying that I have endured my entire life but I still want to help people... but at the same time i wish I could fall asleep and never wake up.

At the same time I am a highly motivated individual.. but I just have no idea what to do.

I keep a smile on my face and treat everyone with respect because I will never stoop down to the level of the people who have bullied me. I will never allow myself to become one of those people. I am a strong believer in the saying “kill them with kindness”. But it is hard waking up everyday.

I want to die.. but i want to live a fulfilling life.