I've submitted advice here intermittently on my real account for months, but who the fuck am I kidding, really?Suicidal ideation is term that gets tossed around a lot. People talk about having suicidal thoughts and ideation, and wanting to kill themselves, and since discovering this subreddit I've tried desperately to help prevent people doing that. Someone even had the audacity, on one occasion, to ask me why. I don't really know why... I just chalked it down to being a human being.

Truth is, whilst I was trying to help, guide, and steer people away from suicide, I was struggling with the exact same thoughts, struggling every single day with suicidal ideation. I began recording a series of videos about 3 months ago; suicide note videos... Well, a series of. I haven't the guts to look back at any of them, but they're probably a document of my descent into utter fucking madness. I can't go a single day without thinking about killing myself and it's driving me crazy. I've considered the best ways, and I even researched it to the point that I'm now fully able to commit painless suicide at any time, with a very high chance of success (none of that wrist cutting or noose malarkey).

And I feel sick. I feel disgusted with myself. And tired. I'm totally fucking mentally exhausted by these stupid thoughts. Every time I get a moment to think, that's where my mind goes. Every fucking time. 

How dare I think I was in a position to advise others when the only thing I could think of was how I was going to off *myself*. I'm pretty sure at this point that it was a pathetic sub-conscious attempt at reassuring myself, and reading back over a lot of what I've written of the past few months makes me even more of a complete hypocrite.

You know the only thing keeping me alive right now? That nagging. That inbuilt survival instinct nagging. The one that screams at me every time I cut into myself, the one that stops me just throwing myself off a bridge or into oncoming traffic. But it's getting weaker all the fucking time.

I can put all of this... baggage... away quite a lot, right to the back of my mind at the best of times. It's like nothings wrong - I'm talking to friends, in a club drinking, having fucking fun. And then BAM, it all rushes back all of a sudden and I have to leave and I have to make up lies and lies to cover those lies about why I'm leaving, why I'm crying, why I won't talk about it. But my business is my own. 

I cut too low on one of my arms once, and all day people mentioned it, so I claimed I'd cut it while drunk the night before, and despite a few people asking more... 'directed' questions, I shirked them off and never again cut my arms. I moved to my thighs instead. But the point is, *lies*.

I am sick and tired of more than just myself. I'm sick and tired of everything; of going back into the closet around family members cos of the good ol' family motto 'Don't Ask Don't Tell', emphasis on the don't tell, of shitty life prospects from a criminal record racked up at 16 that will haunt me for the rest of my life, of being a massive fucking cunt to people way too often, of having no prospects *at all*, of lots of fucking other stuff.

I'm going to kill myself, and there's nothing I can do to stop me.
