I can't handle employmentI can't even identify what my problem is. The gratification life offers doesn't seem to outweigh what I have to put into it, it hasn't since I was a child. I remember a certain feeling feeling of wonder, an enjoyment of sensual stimulation. Things like the smell of fall come to mind. I miss it so very much.

For a long time I thought I was simply depressed because I was lonely and was an incel type. but I've disproven that. I have a wonderful girlfriend now. it's just more reason I'm obligated to go on.

This sounds bad, but I'm currently entertaining the idea I can't handle employment. I've always worked, although I am quite a job jumper. My current position I've been at two years, and I've been with the organization four years. I've been promoted in jobs. I'm a hard worker. You can't argue I'm just lazy.

But I fucking hate it. I've hated every job I've ever held. I dread waking up every day. I dread having to account for standards that are laughably impossible. I feel like a slave. all employers either want to not pay enough, not offer enough hours, or they want you 14 hours a day 6 days a week.

life isn't supposed to be like this. yes, i probably would have died of an infection at 30 if I lived as an early human, but I wouldn't have to serve somebody else for 10 hours minimum a day, it couldn't have taken that fucking long to go hunting and gathering once you got good at it. I would've gained one hundred percent of the benefit of my efforts for me and my own. I'd have been able to structure it for myself.

I think that's part of my problem. I hate life because I enjoy life so much, and it's not what I need it to be! I'm curious. I love to learn. I love to spend time with my girlfriend. There's so much I want to do before I die and I don't get to. I want to travel. I want to read more often. At the end of the day I'm completely worn out and sapped of the will to do much of anything.

I turned in a medical restriction for 8 hour days at my job and started learning to code. Made progress with coding. Then my job started ignoring the restriction. I'm thinking about suing them. But it's the most tolerable job I've ever had in my life.

Ever since they started ignoring the restriction I haven't been able to muster the will to follow through on the program I've been writing, and I was steady working on it for a good 6 months! It had become habit! If I can't function this way how the hell am I supposed to go to college to improve myself while holding a job? I'm stuck. trapped.

I know that for as shitty as I think it is now, it would be worse being unemployed and relying on others. I've been there. Yet this is still not acceptable. I don't feel I get enough time to myself. Every muscle in my body aches constantly. I'm tired one hundred percent of the time. Sleep doesn't seem to hit me well enough.

I don't get the vibe that work bothers all the other kids as much as it does me. I get the vibe that people can't understand why I hate it so much, and look down on me for it. That's fine, I know who I am. I just don't know why I'm like this and everybody else can handle it and more! 

I go through periods where I force myself, with a certain amount of success, to at least emulate happiness. But it's not real contentment, I still remember how that smelled.

I'm not okay with this.

If I don't get to reap the benefits of living any more than this, what is the fucking point?

I've been asking myself that more and more often in recent months.

In March a loved one took his own life, and so I've been dwelling on that a lot recently too.

I've been thinking about this way more often than I should. Killing myself has always been a background thought that I've had to cope with, but I've always coped with it.

It's getting harder and harder to cope with. It wouldn't be that hard to take a paycheck, buy a gun, learn to use it, and then not have to work anymore.

Why can't I handle employment? What the fuck is wrong with me? My life's almost halfway over and I've wasted the few hours not spent toiling away for somebody else on being miserable about the fact that I have to toil away for somebody else.