Starting to get desperate.This is my first post here. It doesn't really stand out much from the others here with problems. I'm 25 now, and I've been depressed for about 10 years now. I've ruminated about suicide daily for approximately the last 8 years. I've always tried to keep this glimmer of hope that it will get better, but I really don't know now. I feel I may have locked my brain in a thinking pattern that it's too late to break. I've talked to therapists, taken medication, spent time in the suicide ward, done cognitive group therapy, and really haven't had any type of progress with any of it. There are things about myself that I can't change, and I'm not sure if I'll ever people able to accept that. And there are things that I've done that still dwell on now, and I'm not sure I'll ever be able to shake those. I can't support myself now. I rely on parents for money, and hurts so much every time I need to ask them for more. I'm unable to even get myself to look for a job though. I've been extremely fortunate with who my parents and family are and where I grew up, but I've wasted it all. I have so many loves and interests in life – the arts, math, people, philosophy, cooking – but I can't get myself to pursue anything that I love. I spend too much time sleeping or wishing I was sleeping. My mind races at night with thoughts of things I want to do, but I'm terrified each night of going to sleep, because I know when I wake up I'll want to stay in bed and will be unable to function.

I can't think of anything I'm proud of in life. All I have is regret and feel completely unable to get myself to do anything. I always fantasize of violent deaths, but I don't have the strength for it. I've prayed for every God to take me away, and I've tried selling my soul to the devil in return for ending my life – despite the fact that I don't actually believe in any of those things. I had a near death experience a few years ago, but it only made me wish that death had actually come.

I wish I could write all this without seeming like an emo teenager. A decade is a lot though. 2/5ths of my life spent wasting my time on this seemingly quixotic task of leading a happy life. And I could keep trying for decades, but is it always really worth it? Why is it better to suffer?