I want to get back home but I don't know if I can and I don't want to be stranded 3,000 miles away...I recently moved out of my dad's place with my boyfriend all the way across the US. We were sharing a car with my room mate who ended up  having brake failure and totaling the car. We managed to borrow $1,000 from my boyfriend's parents for  a car to buy off craigslist. The car went to shit and won't even start up now. I cannot afford a cab to work tomorrow and I live in the middle of nothing so I cannot take a bus. If I don't show up to work tomorrow I am fired. 

I miss Washington so much and I am trapped here in Virginia. I want to go back so bad and I have been wanting to go back. It was a mistake. Whatever money my boyfriend is getting from his pay cheque friday will barely be enough but we may be able to get back to Washington and I will have to use the remaining points on my credit card to ship our valuables and leave everything else behind. 

With my luck something will happen and we won't make it. I am so scared of not being able to get back but at this rate we will end up on the streets. I love my boyfriend so much and he is always there for me and I feel terrible about our situation. I would have committed suicide if it weren't for him always pulling me back. I haven't slept much the past couple of days and I have barely eaten. The soonest we could probably get out of here is Monday and I am so anxious and nervous. 

My roommate is mad at us for leaving. I know she is going to ask us for money we do not have in order to cover bills and it is either bills or we cannot get back home. At least if we get back home we can try to sort something out to pay her but she won't see it that way. I am so scared to confront that situation. She believes we haven't tried hard enough but we have and not only that but we hate this state so much. It is far from what we are used to and far from our families and we cannot do it anymore. 

I am on the verge of a severe melt down and I am scared of doing something stupid like hurting myself while my boyfriend is doing his last shift before quitting. I have to call work tomorrow and resign on the spot myself... I don't know maybe I am venting but I am just severely depressed and I can hardly function. I don't have any friends to look to. Neither does my boyfriend. I feel like the worst person in the world and I cannot stop hurting and I want it all to end but the only thing that is keeping me from slipping is my boyfriend. I can't bring myself to be selfish enough to do that to him especially because he is the best thing in my life but if I lose it ... I don't know what will happen and I'm scared. 