I feel I'm doneHey guys. I'm here because I have no one else to talk to,so I thought maybe reddit is a good place?
I'm 22 years old, and an only child. 
Let me start by saying that my parents are great people, my mom is going through cancer and my dad loves us both. 
Today, he told my mom that he'd rather die than see me suffer in my life, especially financially.  They're there for me, they try to give me the world and I know it, but sometimes I guess my mind doesn't comprehend that. 
My first suicide thoughts started when I was 8 and my dad would stop talking to me whenever he was mad at me. I'm not blaming him, it's his way of dealing with people, I don't believe he can't change that. One day I went to the bathroom crying and tried to find a razor. I don't know what my 8 year old self would do with it but I didn't find one.
A few years later, I went to the principal's office, by mistake, for something I didn't do. My dad didn't talk to me for days. I was 10 or 11 and I tried to fall of the balcony. My mom grabbed me on the last moment.
The junior year of school came around and suicide was constantly on my mind. People hurt me at school (emotionally) I was slandered by my "best friend" who wanted to sleep with my boyfriend. She got him, and I was left with no friends. A teacher called my mom and told her what she had heard my "friend" say. Horrible things, however people believed her. I couldn't stand up for myself, I would cry everyday for a year and get into fights with my mom. That's when I got the idea, that when I was really angry I should hurt myself instead of others. So I started slapping my head, pulling my hair, scratching my face, punch my stomach, that sort of stuff. I don't know how I managed not to try anything back then. Throw in my mom's cancer diagnosis, and things turned to hell. 
Last year of school. A huge fight breaks out at home, because of the upcoming national exams. The system in my country is pretty cruel. My dad called me useless. I left to go to class (we have a lot of tutoring groups here) and I didn't stop crying for 3 hours. I started causing myself to puke, whenever I ate something, even something small, because I guess it felt good. My dad said that these things are stupid and I should knock it off. 
I'm now 22. The past month has been unbearable. I'm worried about my mom's health, my dad is getting old, I'm afraid of being alone in the world. I have no friends, I'm not interested in approaching people or getting a boyfriend, because I know I probably won't be able to keep them. A few nights ago, after a fight with my dad, I realised that if I had a gun I'd love to end my life. I thought about calling suicide hotline but since I didn't have the means to harm myself, I'd just be wasting their time. 

My cat passed away two nights ago. I loved him so so much, and he loved me, would constantly show me love, sit with me, sleep next to me. I had said that as long as he's here, I shouldn't go anywhere. But now he's not here anymore.
I don't wanna be a burden, financially, emotionally, in basically dead weight right now. I'm not a daughter, I don't even know what I am. My mom's afraid of what I might do, I have bruises on my face from hitting myself, and I don't even know if my dad has noticed anything.
They both love me, I know that. But I feel that I have nothing to look forward to. I don't want people in my life, marriage, kids, I know I'd fail anyway so what's the point? I just wanna disappear, I want the world to stop for 10 minutes. The cost for therapists here is high, and I don't think that'd help a lot honestly, I feel that I'm meant to be broken. To fail, to be unwanted, and to be a burden. 
There's so much more I didn't wright. If you read everything, thanks for being here even through the internet. I'm not asking tmyou to say anything, but I thought that just by putting my thoughts in text might help me.
Thank you.