I've wanted to die on an off since high school, and the only reason I've never attempted is in case I go to hell for it...And I'm not here to discuss religious probabilities and whatnot, but it's difficult to look at myself and realize the only reason I haven't killed myself is because of my belief in an afterlife that might be worse than life. That's it. Not my lovely feline son, not the love-of-my-life boyfriend, not my supportive family...just the hell part. I'm having a hard time articulating how I'm feeling right now and I'm not gonna attempt or anything...but I just really want to die and I don't know what to do about that.

I've been on medicine, seen plenty therapists, use various self-soothing/help/care techniques and resources, have support in my personal life, currently have a therapist and an emotional support cat, been involuntarily interred for self-harm (though I'm clean now for about a month), and basically have no reason to be wanting to die. But I rather do...

And the worst part is either not being able to admit it to people close to me, or having it be so commonplace when I do say it (to my boyfriend, for example) that the response is "Sorry :("

I'm not at risk or anything I guess, I'm just...incredibly tired. And despite meeting many life goals and being on my way towards others, I'm feeling empty and angry at the world. I'm young, in love, have my own place, a car, a college degree, have many life experiences, wonderful friends, a cat I adore...but I have a job that drains and exhausts me, a second job that pays bills but leaves me even more drained, no time for social/intellectual life, doubting my relationship because of my unhealthy habits, heaps of debt, a degree with no good jobs, and crumbling social relationships because of all the time I don't have to invest in them. The way forward seems so obscure and even as I'm writing this I know tomorrow is going to be hard because I'm not sleeping and I have both my jobs tomorrow.

I don't know what I'm looking for from this post, but thanks for reading this far...I've been needing to get it off my chest.