Suicide seems like the only optionMy brother and mom got mad because I wouldn’t buy them weed at the dispensary today, I use medical cannabis and have bought weed everyday for the past week, they have dealers but god forbid I not hook up for them, then they ignored me when I asked them which bud they wanted cause I was like fuck it, if theyre going to get mad I might as well buy it, but it’s a whole story, I asked him to get me soda at the store cause he was going there before he got mad at me but then they get back and gave me the 2 liter that I bought a couple days ago and said here’s your soda. Then I got upset but didn’t show it and asked if I could go get it myself, and I was told no you can’t drive and to walk. I called them ridiculous and they told me I was, they were the ones mad over weed not me, they we’re mad at me calling me names like they always do and of course had to drop the crazy card again so I was livid and called my mom a drunk, because she’s the one who was calling me names, then my brother called me bipolar and other names and told me he believes in abortions because people like me deserve to be aborted and people with diseases like me deserve to die through abortion. I left then to go get my soda, taking what little weed I had with me to smoke and now I’m back and they’re here being assholes. They called me selfish the last time I said I’d commit suicide, saying that’s the selfish way out, well why can’t my death by my choice? I called the suicide hotline getting nothing out of it but fucking told to ignore them until I can leave. We live in a motel, how can I ignore them? Take up residency in the bathroom. When they leave to go get there weed-I might end my life, I just might. Fuck why does life have to suck ass, I hate being alive, I hate living with assholes who hate me and remind of it every time they’re upset or drinking or both. I hate me. I cut almost every week. My brother last week told me to go fucking kill myself. I know if I od’d on my meds it would leave me brain dead but is that better or worse? I can cut my throat and arms in the bathroom but that sounds traumatic and painful, I could jump off the mountains we live by, but again no car. If I’m such a disease why am I not dead already. 