What's the cleanest way to kill yourself?I am a 23 year old female and I can't stand the continuous existential dread any longer. I quit my job 3 months ago. I was a care giver for mentally disabled adults and fucking hated it. I Put on a bunch of weight and now I'm about 100 pounds heavier than I was 3 years ago. I used to be good looking and now I hate myself more than ever. I was suffering fro bipolar disorder and have  done a bunch of stupid, disgraceful shit. I haven't accomplished anything significant  and can't handle life stresses. I haven't really had any serious boyfriends. I've given up on love, I don't care anymore about finding someone. I think it's pointless. I have daddy issues, not that that is rare. 

I live at home with my mom. I have no job. Barely any friends because I just don't want people in my life anymore. I would prefer to be alone and especially since I don't see things getting better, what's the point of having people in my life? Everyone else is going to continue to get degrees, job promotions, married, kids, houses, new cars, travel, you name it. while im going to continue downward spiraling. People aren't going to want me in their life anymore anyways once they see what a drag I am and that they cant help or change me. I don't see how my existence is going to help anyone.

I have a brother who I know will be hurt. But I think he will be ok after a while. He's going on to be something really amazing and I don't want him to have to have a loser sister like me. I don't want to be a burden to anyone anymore. 

I have been depressed for a while. I don't want to get therapy. My bipolar medication just made me feel more bogged down. I wouldn't say I feel sad, I just feel numb. And I don't really feel love in my heart anymore. I would said the only thing that gives me joy is my cat. 

Anyway. I really want to die, but I don't want my soul to go on either. I want my existence to stop altogether. If I kill my self I'm afraid my spirit will stay here and be suffering forever anyway. I'm fucking stuck. 

I'm so sick of people trying to see how I am and what I do everyday. I stay in my room all day and watch Netflix/ Hulu. That's all I do to distract myself from how much I hate my life. I know no one will probably read this, but I don't want to hear it will get better because I just don't have the strength in me to fight any longer. Every time I drive I think about driving into the other lane of traffic( but I wouldn't want to hurt anyone else ever) or I think about driving of a bridge. I've thought about hanging myself but I don't want my mom to find my body. I don't want a funeral or anything.  I just want my existence to be forgotten, everyone should move on and live happy prosperous lives.