I need some help pleaseI am miserable, and i want to die. Ive been molested all my life up until the age of 12 by 4 different people, two of those people being my uncle and my sister. Im 16 turning 17. I despise my parents. I have two jobs (tutoring), but after june 23 i am going to work elsewhere, and i currently maintain a 93 gpa. That however is not enough for my parents. My sister and I would fight all the time. Her being 6 years older then me. When i was twelve she broke 4 of my teeth when she was punching me, causing infection and cavities because my parents didnt take me to a dentist until two weeks after. I have 5 root canals done thanks to obamacare, but my teeth hurt so much everyday, sometimes the pain is unbearable even with motrin or tylenol. After my moms dad died back in 2010, it has all gone to shit. She is batshit crazy, emotionally manipulative, and extremely selfish. She has always been but hid it well. I told her once when I was 8 years old about what my sister did to me, i drew a picture and wrote as best as i could because i was too embarrassed to say anything, she just laughed at me. That really fucked me up. I was confused as to why she didnt want to help. I wanted to kill myself when i was 8. My mom is extremely religious and thought i was the devil. I hated church. I was an accidental baby and i know for a fact i am not loved. My parents are middle class and they have a good amount of money, but only spend it on themselves and my sisters college. I felt so ugly wearing my sisters hand me downs, i just want nice things and although im not materialistic i just dont want to look like shit. I got a scholarship to my school and everyone there is rich. I dont fit in. Ive done disgusting things for money but thats the only way i can buy my own clothes, necessities, and books for school. I make about 80 dollars a week tutoring which mostly goes to drugs. My parents dont let me leave the house and they complain that all i do is sleep.i go out once a month and dont come home until 6am. My parents resent me for this and make me feel like shit and then my mom bitches about how much money she put in raising me and she just wants me to have a good life. Fuck that selfish bitch. I thank God school is over so i dont have to be locked in my bathroom sized room studying 3 hours a day. I recently found out my father masturbates to me and i just feel so weird. My dad is never home. All my boyfriends have have been controlling. I felt so heartbroken when my alcoholic ex boyfriend (the only person ive ever loved romantically) got a bitch pregnant. Fucking alcoholics. Anyways, i have nothing left to live for except drugs and although the cutting is soothing its not enough to end the pain. I am thinking of killing myself after my sister leaves for summer break because although she has done that to me, we grew up and she is like mother to me now. Isnt that twisted? I like to beliece that in my past life i was a huge bitch or something because i dont understand why so much bad happens. Why cant my parents just let me live. What is the point if im miserable. I myself am far from perfect. I feel terrible for using my boyfriends to get what i want. I have no one to talk to for my best friend got sent away to military camp. Sorry for the horrible grammar and formatting, i am using my sisters shitty phone. Thanks for taking your time to read, i never opened up to anyone before.