My life is fruitless, so I gambled it all away and I'm losingI'm about to turn 30.  Honestly since I was a teen I told myself I'd givemyself till 32 before I commited suicide.  Don't ask me why 32, just go with it.  But I realize I don't think I can make it that far.  As you can tell I been pretty depressed since I was a teen, but the depression I feel now compared to then is on a whole new level; I'm pretty sure I have melancholic depression. I can't even cry anymore I just feel nothing. I nvr been close to family because my father was always abusive, my mom left me when I was 11 and never called back basically.  Was bullied in school for the most part. In my early 20's, to make things impossible for me to grow out of this life of a joke, I got sick with an auto immunity causing a lot of issues. Cosmetically it kinda fucked me up. Thus making me more asocial and introverted.  I can barely look at people.   


I went through school after being a slave in the military and landed a nice job. Finally moved out  (mid twenties) for a nice salary job.  But I realize despite having a decent salary it's not enough. I never been in a relationship and it only makes sense since my autoimmune disease makes me look ugly.  Plus I'm a short asian guy. Been lifting weights since I was 14 but despite being athletic and built, from experience none of that matters. I tried.   


In 2017 I invested in cryptocurrencies because I really liked it, made some money yes, but even after it crashed I noticed that it could give me hope, eve if it was just false hope. Investing in bitcoin and ethereum and stuff extend my will to live hoping that the market would sky rocket again, maybe in a couple years, no? Maybe even 5 years later. And I could retireyoungs and have a family, finally.  But somewhere along the lines I realized money means nothing, so I basically am going all into this gamble.  So when I end my life I can hide my investments somewhere in the physical world.  Maybe someone will give me attention then, as I plan to let people know where I am hiding this wewalth. I believe it will be worth a lot in the far future. I myself just can't hold onto the will to live that long.  


 So basically I have decided to unload my bank account into crypto investments. I also changed my medication in hopes that this dose will unfuck my condition and allow me to live something close as a normal human being. Maybe I could pursue a normal life then? 1 year (September). I'm just holding on for 1 more year, I can't hang on much longer, not even till 32. I have it all planned out. 11 months left. I hate myself for having hope, despite there being very little left. The longer I resist the more pain I experience.