This username should be part of my Will, hellaProfitRepresentative was rolled for me in creation of this throw away account and its honestly disappointing that it hasn't been spread as a concept already. Its clean, woke, and kinda funny. Robots are really surpassing the human condition. Dope.

ProfitableRepresentative also comes to mind. I haven't taken it, its yours now.

Let me lay down who I am and my intentions for the next 48 hours:

I am a straight, male furry, fancying himself a parrot and cannabis enthusiast, stuck in a mixed latino-white monkey body, and making moves to put the car in my name in order to drive south west from my position and find a way to end my life using said vehicle.

I will work on my actual note after I put some thoughts down to Reddit and smoke another bowl, if only to save the ass of the poor truck driver if I have to resort to that option, but also to send some parting thoughts to the people who have influenced my life and my truest and final statements to them.

Here is the ultimate Revelation that's gotten me to this point:

"Redemption is a lie sold to the sentimental and cowardly."

No matter how I cut it, I come to the same conclusion.

Every thing I do from now on will be framed in the filter of "This could have been better." I was born into wealth, gone to school for nearly a decade with no degree and no debt, have a vast network of friends who are successful in their own right and striving for me to do better but fail to do so every time, had a bad ass cushy job that I lost because I got lazy and lost my vision, and have been fired effectively from a pizza joint because of a mental breakdown that caused a fainting spell a week later from my family's fetish for feeding me medicine that they have no clue about, joking to me that its expired, and dismissing that the event even happened when I brought it up.

I could see myself if I had put in a little bit of effort early on, making content for people to enjoy in my own way to leave my print on the internet, and maybe it'd be a different, better place as a result of my influence.

I am haunted by visions of how my life could have been.

But my indolence has sabotaged all including my previous attempts at suicide.

But not any more. I've made my decision earlier today and I can't go back. If I did, then I'll bear witness to becoming homeless, losing all my friends, being effectively abandoned by my family, and watching the predicted end of civilization because we haven't matured past the point of hierarchy inherently creating an ecosystem of sadism and resentment that is now playing out in our streets, both sides puppets of child diddling wielders of power.

I have lost hope in myself and others.

I totally get that this probably won't get any attention. I sorted by new, I see how this board goes. Hell, i'll be lucky if anyone comments if this doesn't get deleted for my reference of entities at be and their kyboliantic shenanigans.

Full disclosure, I have no idea what I want out of this post. It feel like a cry for help or attention, where I feel like I want none because that's what I usually get.

I've been in and out of therapy, scammed by pill peddlers, the entire idea of medical treatment of any kind corrupted by my proximity to the practice and my relation to that person.

I don't want help. I am beyond it. Only I can bring myself out of this hole, but I'd rather be burred in it, than feel disappointed when I find myself here again but deeper, fewer supports, and less money.

So, I guess I want attention. Here it is, folks! My preliminary warning to my car being hurtled into a ravine or into the back of a truck. This is my doing. I want off this ride. It will suck for you to go on with out me, but I know you'll be stronger for it. Not only was I holding you back, but enabling negative behavior by giving you expectation that I can do better. The Kybolian intrudes many to the idea of mental transmutation, but it contradicts concepts brought about by anyone who actually gets laid that you can't change a person. That then would apply to the micro, as above so below. I am a failure. I always have been and will be a failure. Its gotten to a point that I can't go a day without, when I'm in my car or alone in my room, to vocalize my status as a failure good for nothing and support it with facts of my past indolence, reinforce it with my previous attempts of self improvement imploding, and shipping it off to be bought and sold by the evil that manifests itself and is projected onto screens around me every moment. To try to improve me has been a failed experiment by everyone who encounters me to the point where I don't wish to improve when someone new enters my life and tells me the same shit I've been hearing for years, because it invalidates the attempts of those who came before this benevolent individual.

Let it be known that Hedora, who resides on Emerald, has been always loyal to the Terran Republic, and his previous character on Connery, BungleFish, wishes well those who he had touched back in \[EXE\]. My friends at \[AOD\] will hopefully get something from me, but I'd honestly rather be kicked for inactivity than made a special within the clan when I, as a civilian, haven't given my soul to the MIC and there for don't deserve suicide support.

My furry friends, Roderick will live in your hearts with endless weed, wild ass pieces, exotic blunt wraps and plenty of love aboard the scuttled GreenGren: Ship of Good Vibes. Whether you know me from a con, online, as Hyghacinth or a party hearty festival going phoenix or any of my other personas, know I was living in a fantasy beyond my comprehension known as potential that will remain just that, fantasy. I love you all and hope you all the best when cons return. Smoke a fat one in the smoke circle under the Hyatt at MFF for me.

Finally, I wanna apologize to Vince Zampella. You know who you are. I am sorry for making a catchphrase out of your name and @ ing you on twitter a few times. I wanted to put your name out there and bring light to my favorite franchise, and your baby, Titanfall. That game, and all the times that it gave me will never be forgotten. Too bad it became bleck with EA's meddling in an alright BR. As for everything after the Hatchet update, I could care less and heard worse happened as the game bent to crying babies on Reddit and YouTube, further sinking me into depression as the same cycles continue to horrablize everything I had hope in and found enjoyable. UnCashMoney.

Fuck.

Thanks so much for reading this far. Peace in your life, and happyness to your soul, love about your circle.  


SwiftEdit: Turns out, title transfers in my state don't begin till mid August. I think I'll just roll out tomorrow sometime. I'm not doing anything of substance anyway.