No Purpose, No Reason To Live (LONG)Hello fellow  people after another lonely 4th, i am a 19 yr old guy currently in college. I have spent the last few years battling with depression and with each and every passing day the hole appears to be getting bigger and with no hope of getting out. In high school i was that guy that none talked to, the one that was left hanging when it came to group projects. I came out of that hellhole without forming a single meaningful friendship or relationship with anyone. I hoped that going to college would provide me with a fresh start, with a clean slate and boy was i wrong.. instead it only got worse.

It appears that i have natural people repellent because none ever wants to sit next to me or anywhere near me.... i could sit in the center of the room or near the front and people seemingly avoid me like i am the fucking plague and no i dont smell bad or anything. I tried to make friends but either they don't seem interested or just push me away after a short period of time.

To make matters even worse, i became a fucking hopeless romantic let me explain. It didn't really start until last semester.... i literally envy every single couple i see, you know the feeling of having someone care about you, love you, and acknowledge your existence. It's literally become the single thing i think about day in and out.... i still do well in my classes but i often just drift off and just think about being in a relationship. The constant thoughts of never being good enough for anyone to want to be with and grudgingly accepting the fact that i will most likely die alone if i dont put one in the head before that. I don't think i'm that bad looking but apparently i am...

It's so fucking bad you don't understand, a girl could give me the simplest gesture such as smiling at me once then im stuck in fantasy land in my head imagining us happily together hugging and cuddling its so CRUSHING that i will never experience that in my entire life. You know why can't i be good enough for just ONE person, at home its even worse because i will be in bed just thinking about such things over and over and have no willpower to do anything because what is the fucking point. Like i have tried to get over this , i tried praying more but it appears that every time i do so things only get worse so i have pretty much stopped, tried pills and therapy but nothing just feel so useless so unwanted by this world i just want someone to mercy kill me. I even attempted to suicide at one point but i decided to live it out but now i regret that, maybe i should have done it then so i don't have to continue living this existence. 

It's gotten worse over the past month..... i have been taken classes in summer so i have been stressed out but without it i would be no doubt even worse than what i am. There was one beacon of hope for me, in my Physics class there was this cute girl, i didn't notice her until about a week into the class we made eye contact from across the room. We continued to make eye contact and find her smiling at me, god she was so cute... so one day i go up to talk to her after class and the conversation went well. I finally you know felt something after all this time that maybe there was potential that i was wanted but in the back of my mind i felt that i was making something out of nothing. I spent a lot time just thinking about her, about that cute laugh and smile... having fantasies about being in a relationship with her... hugging her, cuddling, kissing her it felt so good and pleasuring in my mind it literally made me happy. Sure enough my mind was right because when i texted her i got left on fucking read after saying hi... i felt so CRUSHED, i literally broke my umbrella and threw it the dumpster, sure enough the world that enjoys fucking me over decides to start pouring and me feeling nothing on the inside walk slowly and reach my car soaked. I am a relatively calm person but with all the stress and string of bad events one after another, i reached past my breaking point. So i am stuck here tonight alone feeling like garbage and eating a tub of ice cream as i am writing this, im just hoping i get past this before reaching 21 otherwise its going to be a disaster... i wish i was worth it for just ONE PERSON you know, its literally the worst kind of craving you can have since you feel you cannot satisfy it.....

There is a gun in my drawer, i might as well do it to free myself and not live with all this regret inside of me. I am all alone, none else is here my existence is merely a waste of space and none will even notice that I am gone. But "things might get better" they say they don't at all, or "you will someday find someone", i won't because im so fucking ugly and none even acknowledges my existence. "You could try praying and becoming faithful then things will change", already did and have seen that i have been abandoned forgotten thrown aside into the ditch to rot for the rest of my days. I try to distract myself but nothing entertains me for long even the things that i used to have fun doing no longer appeal to me, i spend most of my day in my bed and have no appetite to eat that much... i might as well do it