I think im going to kill myself one dayHi there. If anyone reads all of what I've written here, I'll be amazed and very grateful. Thank you 

So, my head.. has been in a weird place lately, and summarizing everything that has happened to me lately and how I am doing is hard.

This is really the first time im writing any of this out, i haven't been able to access it. So it's messy and I'll probably repeat stuff.. sorry. I need help organizing my thoughts on the matter.

I am 19, im not working or in school right now. I was in community college last year but left bc couldnt focus in the online classes. Then my mom got worse and emotionally abusive to the point that i moved out and now live with a friend's family who took me in. The last two months I've been trying to adjust to living here, being away from my mom, that my mom was being abusive to me my whole life and i never knew, It's still so new that i can't process all of it.
I'm very grateful to the family for taking me in but don't know how I'm going to get through this. 

I was diagnosed with adhd this year but haven't recieved any working treatment for it and it has continued to severely impact my life and be disabiling. 

Also, I am autistic and fighting to be properly assessed and treated for that as well. How my neurodivergences affect me is integral to my recovery and no one seems to be able to help. I'm not close at all to getting a diagnosis, its crazy expensive, my mom doesn't think I need one, etc. I feel like my therapist isn't helping me anymore. I'm so emotionally burnt out. It's too intense to feel so it is shut off and numb. Everything..is numb. The world doesn't feel real, I don't feel real, and I can't seem to articulate any of this until right now and so my therapist has no idea how I'm REALLY doing even though she knows what's been going on. 

 I've struggled with my mental health since I was 14, but likely had anxiety as a child too. I am an only child with divorced parents and my mom recently kicked me out/i left and she demanded my key back

I'm scared. Of growing up, being alive, that I'm never going to get better, or have treatment that works for me, or my mom to love me and be accepting of me and not damaging

Just... so many things going on all at once. There's more too but those are the most important ones. I


I feel like I would kill myself if I understood more about it but I don't and don't have the energy to look. I have all of these thoughts that go everywhere all of the time and I don't know how to live like this. 

Im also worried about my dad and because he's already had one severe heart attack and he's almost 61 and i feel so bad for him hes working himself 6-7 days a week and looking older every time  i see him..

I don't see a way out, just navigating this blurry haze forever until something snaps and I kill myself. I don't like thinking about it to avoid making a plan but i think i am going to.

I have a lot of anxieties and a lot of thoughts and feelings that I need to process in therapy but it doesn't happen and I'm fighting for diagnosis and treatment for autism cause it affects everything in how i process emotions and think but because i was undiagnosed as a kid i struggled a lot beneath the surface and masked/camouflaged to fit in.

I dont know how to end this text post, and my thoughts are literally everywhere, but im struggling and don't feel like I'll ever get support i need or love or that things will get better.