HELP ME DECIDE WHETHER I SHOULD DO IT OT NOTok, i'm 12 now in grade 6 and need advice. life is hard, i remember when I was around 3-4-5, around 6 o'clock, my mom carried me down to her parent's apartment, my parents got divorced, the most tragic moment of my life. That memory in my mind is still the haunting shadow ruining my life. in grade 4 I heard from kids who were in the grade 4 class moving on to grade 5 saying that the teacher is grade 4 teacher was strict, I got scared that it would make things harder. We got homework first day, and i did not finish it because i did not hear the teacher, and it demotivated me alot. I then stopped doing homework from then on, and lied when there was hard homework. i even stopped caring about myself, then got into anime. this was when i changed schools, it was a way to get me away from reality for a bit. i then had to get a social worker, then go to some stupid "help" bullshit (which only dragged me down more, thinking about how bad my life is). and later in grade 6, my life is 2 years away from high school. I start cursing, start going away from friends and hating on my family (my dad spanks me a lot btw). and now, well i found this song that motivates me when i'm down ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0TtDeDiHcE ) well... after a lot of that, i'm still going through shit, and worry a lot, and don't care about school like I used to. I used to be the smartest in my all the classes K1 - grade 3 (end). I feel like i've gotten dumber and only hate myself. Also, can you even recite your dreams as a child? I hope i can, because i had 2 dreams, they were to learn japanese and become an architect and die my hair white. But my grades are getting shittier every time, i can't focus like i used to, so i don't think i will ever fulfill my dreams. I even think of kelling myself every night. So please, give me some advice and motivate me. Motivate me out of this clusterfuck. and now, i need help. I NEED HELP ON SUICIDE, PLZ HELP ME, YES OR NO???