Life gets better, but not enough to be worth livingI really don't know how to start this so lets jump straight into the sob story.  
I'm 18. I've been suicidal on and off since 12, I think. Maybe younger, but I really don't have memory of. . . . well most things really. I have PTSD and my memory is shot. I have pretty much no memory of my childhood, and I can't really remember my daily life. I don't remember most of yesterday (well, day before yesterday, seeing as it is after midnight, but still). Anywho this means almost every single memory of mine involves me being suicidal or depressed. I haven't been constantly suicidal, and I have definitely had times, months even, where I felt I was on top of the world. The problem now is that realistically, the amazing points in my life that are bound to happen won't be worth it enough to outweigh the bad. I know specific ways my life will get better, should I make it, and I am really excited, but how long can I really keep trudging until the bad outweighs the good enough that I need to say my final goodbyes and tell my friends that I will still be there for them, watching over them in death, because I don't want them to end up like me?  


I am going to end up with no quality of life. My mental health keeps getting worse. Even if it stayed stagnant or got better, I won't be super high functioning. My memory is gone and is never coming back. I can definitely learn to control my mood swings, and I will keep working on it, but they will always be there, and no matter how much control I get, I could very easily ruin my life because even if I calm myself to the point I can recognize things completely logically, there is still a chance my mouth could fuck up. Hell I love my partner and I obviously wish no ill will on him (he is my partner for fucks sake) but there have been times when my mood switched and it took every single ounce of concentration to not explain to him in detail why he is a terrible, worthless human being who doesn't deserve any sort of positive human connection. Obviously I don't believe that, and ideally I would want to continue living with him long term, but when your brain is screaming at you to say those things anyways, just to hurt him, it does kinda put a damper on things.  


Frankly there are more mental issues beyond that. Weird PTSD triggers from a past relationship. Paranoia. Whatever else. I really don't know what is causing what, but it kinda all just creates a big mess in my head. The good times are definitely great in my life, and I am always working on my coping skills, but even when I am on top of the world, I still have to cope with all of this in some way. It will get better. I am actively working to make it get better. It just won't ever go away. I will always be severely mentally ill.  


I also have physical problems. I can't walk properly. I have to use a cane whenever I leave the house, which is rarely and getting rarer these days. I only go out to make money twice a week and only for a few hours and I haven't really been able to manage even that. I have chronic pain that isn't curable. It will get worse. I go to acupuncture to slow it down, and it's great, but I still am in enough pain that it limits my ability to function. I can't even go to the store on a regular basis, my partner has to go for us. I've had one job, very basic retail, and I had to go to the ER because I stood too much during a less than full shift.  


Society doesn't like me and I am a pretty easy target for discrimination and hate crimes. I am well below the poverty level (I cut it close with my basic expenses like rent and food and my rent is 200 a month and my food costs are 50 a month if that tells ya anything). I am visibly disabled. I am queer and often with my male partner in public. I'm a trans guy. (No, I don't have internalized transphobia, thank you for asking. Realistically, being trans, no matter how privileged the situation, is kinda fucking miserable. Society is full of cunts, plus, body issues, especially the ones not fixed with hormones or surgery, are annoying to say the least.)  
Look. My life is going to get better. I wasn't welcome at home anymore a couple months after a turned 16 and now I would say I am more successful than most people in their early 20s, at least. I'm proud of myself, I really am. I'm a stubborn little asshole that doesn't give up. The thing is, even though I know my life will get better, realistically, I never see me having the quality of life to balance things out enough to make them worth living. I will make my life get better, but I know it is all going to be for nothing. I am not capable of surviving in this society. Frankly I still have some sort of will to live now otherwise I wouldn't have typed this all out, and I know if I tried to kill myself again I would just fuck up and have to answer to everyone about it, but there is 0 doubt in my mind, that my quality of life will continue decreasing to the point where it is in my best interest to say goodbye.  


This is the most I have wrote in a while. It helped. I am still not in a good enough headspace to read over it. I'm probably leaving a lot out and fucked up a lot of things while typing, but hopefully my message still gets through.   


Summary: Life gets better, but I won't be able to live my life on "better". I really hope the rest of you can.