how did i let it all go to shit?First of all, I have been suffering from depression and isolation since I was in middle school (18 now). I feel as though i have been needing to rant about my life for a very long time so here it goes. My grammar wont be that great because i close my eyes when i write, it helps me concentrate. Here is my life story. 

In middle school, i was that kid that the entire class made fun of. this was because of how i look and my size, i looked like a 3rd grader in 6th grade. the 3 years in middle school were horrible and i wanted to start fresh in highschool. I built a persona for myself where i acted like a tough kid who didnt give a single fuck. This worked to stop the bullying from happening in front of me but it didnt stop people from talking behind my back. In grade 10, i found out that one of my teachers called my parents to tell them that i might fail a class, i did not want to face the consequences that of my actions so i decided that i was going to kill myself, in the end i pulled myself up because i was afraid. I ended up getting into a relationship in grade 11 and it lasted a year, she broke it off a week before prom to be with another person. Ever since then ive started to smoke pot and i started to give even less shits about everything. My parents think that i go to my uni classes and that i am doing well in them, the truth is, i dont leave my house because it takes too much effort for me to even leave my bed. I dont even eat some days because i cant be bothered to make food for myself. When i was 8, my cousin hung himself and wrote in his suicide note that i was one of his favourite people. Now, ive failed 2 courses in my first year of uni and my parents do not know, i do not know how to confront them because they are very traditional old fashioned parents who believe that failure is not an option. I do not know what i am going to do but i have been contemplating killing myself this month for the past 2 months or if not killing myself, running away to start a new life from scratch. I just dont see myself having a future going the path that i am right now but i have dug myself too deep that something will happen this month and that is guaranteed. I just hate being a failure and a disapointment to my parents because whenever i see the look in their eyes when they talk to other parents with kids the same age as me who are doing well in school and are smart, it kills me a little inside. My heart feels like its going to pound out of my chest and i can barely breath sometimes. I just dont know what to do...

What i have wrote here is just the tip of the iceberg.

If i was going to kill myself, i decided i was going to do it through sleeping pills. 

EDIT: I also have no friends that i can completely open up to because i am extremely scared of being judged.

