Here we are again.I posted here years ago, and was pretty certain I'd never be back.

I am transgender; after I started my transition to male last spring, depression and anxiety nearly became a stranger to me. My sense of identity felt cohesive, and I felt like I had a future. Regardless, my psychiatrist has wanted to keep me on a daily dosage of an anti-anxiety medication for the little anxiety I did have; I have been on it for the better part of the last four years, prior to my transition and after I began.

Last month, I not-so-wisely stopped my anti-anxiety medication cold turkey because it was causing some issues, and I knew I didn't need it. Benzodiazapine withdrawals are brutal, especially for the dosage and length of time I was on mine - and especially cold turkey, but I didn't know any of this until I was already without my medication for a week or so, and didn't feel like getting back on it only to taper off would be helpful. I also came to find out the particular medication I was on is not to be prescribed but short-term, but there's not much I can do about that now. 

I am currently about four weeks into the hell that is this withdrawal. I am having the depression and anxiety like what I had prior to my transition, as well as mild hallucinations, sudden panic attacks, lack of appetite, sleeplessness - and vivid and obsessive thoughts of suicide, which is why I'm here. 

Today has been the worst of it yet. I have been barely functioning; my brain feels like it's in completely upside down, and I feel apathetic as I write this terrible thing. My husband has run out of steam and is becoming standoffish and bitter, expressing that I'm running him down. That's the last thing he said before he went to bed several hours ago. I don't even have the capacity to defend myself right now, and just feel like I've been a complete burden for several weeks now.

I keep reading things about benzodiazepine withdrawals causing permanent damage - maybe this is not going to pass. I'm sitting here at 2am, wondering if I've totally fucked myself here by taking this medication, and by stopping it so abruptly - and ruined the safe place I'd managed to attain with my transition. 

If that's the case, I am not interested in continuing. It is hard to describe the genuine sense of self I manage to grab a hold of last spring, and the contrast between that and the void leading up to it. While I had learned to manage the occasional hiccup, I never wanted to hit this particular flavor of rock-bottom again.

I think I feel satisfied enough that I've finally had a brief glimpse of what it feels like to be human, to love myself - which makes suicide even more alluring than it was before my transition.