Needing clarityI often say that my ex-husband is one of the best people I’ve ever known, and that’s true. I wouldn’t have stayed so long with someone who was deliberately malicious. That said, here are some facts. 

For 18 years, I could never express unhappiness, especially if I said he’d hurt me in any way. If I did, he’d get angry and defensive because I was being cruel and unfair to him. 

Sometimes, he would acknowledge he’d done something wrong and swear he’d never do it again, but always did. The thing is, I never blamed him for that. Instead, I always felt guilty as hell for torturing him when I knew he couldn’t change. It was my fault; I was always so unreasonable. 

I’m the one who wanted a divorce. He would have stayed with me forever because it really doesn’t make any difference to him. I wanted more from life and I wanted to free him from having to care for me with my health problems. So, I said I’d just let him keep everything, which would make the divorce simple and inexpensive. The new suv, our house, all of our furniture, the bed I spent 5 years getting just right, almost everything but my clothing. Also, he wouldn’t have to pay me alimony. And, he was okay with all of this, felt it was just. I felt like I deserved to be kicked out on the street with nothing, and so did he.

Things went very badly for me after I left and I ended up having to crawl back and beg for a place to stay, which is where I still am. I do have many health problems that make functioning as a normal adult challenging at times. I’m not proud of that. In fact, I’m deeply ashamed of myself for it. So, I try to do as much as possible to earn my stay. He takes it entirely for granted that I will do all of these things, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. I’m basically his wife again except he no longer has the burden of pretending to care anything for me. And, we don’t sleep in the same bed. Not that that matters as he’s asexual. 

One day, I felt overwhelmed and made the mistake of saying he basically treats me like a slave. To which he replied, “you get a place to sleep, don’t you?”

If I sit quietly and listen to him or simply agree, things are okay. If I try to talk about anything he’s not explicitly interested in, he shuts me down and scoffs. 

Just a little while ago, I mentioned that our son said he was tired and wanted to sleep instead of getting up for dinner. I know that he often feels guilt over that, so I carefully mentioned it to my ex-husband, trying to make him aware so he’d tread gently later. Instead, he says to me, “well then, don’t say things to him to make him feel that way.” I repeated him statement to him because I couldn’t believe what he’d just said and he confirmed it. So, I asked him if he felt that was something I did to our son often. He replied that, yes, that’s the kind of person I am. 

I’ve never been able to muster any kind of self-worth. It’s pretty clear in my interactions with others that I consider myself less-than. I certainly don’t see myself as someone who actively shames my son. My ex-husband used to tell me that I was the only reason he was a decent father because I made him aware and helped him break bad habits he’d learned from his own father. 

I don’t know what to do with this bit of information. Honestly, I am completely devastated. I need some clarity because I can’t tell anymore what’s real and what isn’t. I used to think that I was better than I believed and I’ve tried so hard to see myself in a positive light. But, maybe I’m just not and I really do deserve all of this. 

For myself, I just want the pain to end. But, I don’t feel like I deserve to live. People who know my whole story (or as much as I can bring myself to share) often tell me that I’m strong. But, I feel like strength is wasted on me. I contribute nothing to society. I’ve lost track of how many employment rejection letters I’ve received lately. I am desperately searching for a place to belong, where I can be useful. But, I’m running out of ideas and I don’t know how much more of this I can take.