Im not sureI really want to kill my self right now. I am slowly becoming more and more nihilistic as time goes on and its eating me alive. I'm always thinking about my own death and the only time i'm not is when i am distracted by some activity.  


All i can hear is a feedback loop of my insecurities and fears. I've been randomly going out on walks in the middle of the night and just wandering around because sitting at home by myself is just too hard to bare and the walk normally distracts me. I've been trying to look at everything objectively and trying to stop instinctive thoughts. And objectively everything is fucking aids. Everything everywhere is going down the shitter and to say it isn't just means your exaggerating the positives and ignoring the negatives.

The after life *spoookkky*

but seriously the after life is terrifying the idea of an infinite life scares me because whats the point in death if the after-life is infinite,even if the after life wasn't infinite what would the end look like. And what first comes to mind is nothing but that's hard to comprehend. Feeling nothing is some thing that isn't possible unless you were totally unself-aware but us as humans aren't and even tho these may not be the deepest thoughts ever they still make me feel even worse. Its almost as if what ever i do makes me more depressed.

Not too long ago, i left a jacket at my friends house and his mum found a razor and called the school. My parents found out about self harm, but i hated attention from it and this didn't help this so i swiftly found alternatives to cutting. The school didn't seem to mind and just forwarded me to some therapy thing that really doesn't help at all. The group therapy thing seemed to focus more on anxiety caused depression as i assume that's a common trend with teens who self harm. 

Its like there's some thing stopping me from being happy. I got a new room this week, new desk and its so much better than sharing a room with my step brother and still here i am wanting to die.

I seem to be a walking contradiction. Here i am wanting to die yet here i am still alive. I say i'm a nihilist and don't care and here i am breaking down over every inconvenience. 

&amp;#x200B;

tl;dr i want to die