Ending my life after this is postedThis is me https://imgur.com/a/f7HPx6s for the past 8 years I have been rejected around 4000 times and told I am ugly, disgusting, worthless, useless, told I have nothing to offer a woman or give a woman, mocked at laughed at, told I don't deserve love or a relationship, told I needed to end my life for being so fat and lazy.
 
Past 8 years I have been lead on by 22 women who pretended to love and want me and lead me on for 3 months or more sweet talking me telling me they love me and making plans for us then would fake their death or call me while having sex with someone or would disappear on me to never be heard from again.

For the past 37 years my life has been shit. from age 5 to 8 my step dad raped/molested me, from 5 to 18 he would beat me till I was bleeding or he got tired of hitting me. my uncle forced me to have sex with his daughter while he got off to us. from age 7 up to 11 her and I would have sex daily. I was homeless from 18 to 29. 

Never knew my real dad till I was 23 then he died a few months later of liver failure. when I was 25 my mom ended her life. my entire family on both sides hates me and wanted me to die. several tried killing me. 

I have spent the past 32 years obese and no matter what I do I can't lose weight. it goes up and down from 430 to 460. no matter how much I work out, how little I eat it doesn't matter. 

I have spent my entire life trying to make a good life for myself. finding a job, etc but only to end up having to get on disability because of PTSD and severe social anxiety. Unable to work. Bought a car last year and got scammed by the dealership, got scammed for 3 thousand usd. 

Now I need eye surgery for a cataract in my right dominant eye caused by medication I am taking to try to make myself healthy that my dr prescribed for me. called androgel, it is a testosterone medication and i now need surgery in that eye because I am clinically blind in it. 

I have spent many years trying to better my life and this is all it comes down to. having mental issues, severe abandonment issues, never being hugged, loved, touched, held, kissed. When I went to the eye dr the woman had to put eye drops in my eyes and she had to hold my eyes open, I ended up crying not because of the eye drops but because that is the first time I have been touched by anyone since I was a child and it only lasted a few seconds.

I am so tired of how your worth is registered by how you look and what you have to offer someone else and to hell with who you are as a person and to hell with what you are as a person. it all comes down to just looks and what you have to offer.

I can't live in a world like this anymore. I am done. goodbye everyone....