Should I commit suicide?Hey everyone. I want your honest opinions- I'm honestly not looking for any particular answer, but to know what to do. I genuinely don't know whether or not I should stay alive and the decision is really hard to make. I'm 20 y/o, took SSRIs when I was 16-17 for 16 months for social anxiety, had a pretty good life besides experiencing some (mainly social) anxiety prior to taking the pills. While on zoloft, I felt extremely depersonalized, emotionally numb, apathetic, and irritable 24/7. I decided to come off the pills in August 2016 and then about 2 months later crashed into the worst anxiety and emotional suffering I could ever even imagine let alone describe. Basically: it was internal torture, extreme restless agony, I simply could not exist in that pain. I blame it 100% on zoloft withdrawal, since I had never felt even nearly that bad before taking that. To top it off, I developed PSSD (post-SSRI sexual dysfunction) after coming off zoloft, basically meaning I can't feel attraction to anyone of the opposite sex or anyone at all, my genitals are numb, my emotions and lust for life are gone, and sexual activity feels as exciting as watching grass grow. Now, I also have post-SSRI anhedonia too, and the more numb my genitals are, the more numb I am to worldly pleasures- beautiful music, friends, movies, rollercoasters, you name it. SSRIs caused probably permanent anhedonia and sexual dysfunction for me. It's been 31 months since I came off the pills.  


Now, this all seems really bad, and I really wanted to end my life and have contemplated it for a long time. But I'm only 20, and I'm almost certain that in about 4-8 years, a cure will be developed for this condition by the name of CT38, which would upregulate 5-ht1a, which is probably the receptor that caused this whole problem. (All PSSD sufferers who don't believe this will cure us, just don't say anything, I'm not interested.) Also, I believe that stem cell therapy might be able to reverse this brain damage, but that is a long ways away before it becomes affordable. Again, probably 4-8 years.  


So I'm wondering. I've already lost 4 years of my life due to this shit. 4 years of my youth that I'm never getting back. Do I wait another 4-8 years and waste more of my youth, or should I wait and get cured in 4-8 years, with 8-12 years of my life wasted, and life the rest of my life?  


This is my main problem, and this anhedonia is unbearable. It's really hard to live in this state. I'm genuinely wondering what you would do. I'm leaning toward ending my life now before I waste more of my youth. Please don't try to be heroes, I only want your honest opinions.  


TLDR: I'm 20 and took SSRIs and developed PSSD and anhedonia that will probably be gone in 4-8 years if I wait, but I don't want to lose my youth. What do I do?  


Thanks.