Wishing I was someone elseI think about suicide, passively, (I havent engaged in any suicidal behavior or even self harm anymore) at least a few times a day. I don't want to let anyone down. I love my parents, and my pets, so Im trying to hold on the best I can. But I feel hopeless all the time. I dont have friends, Im socially anxious and socially fucking stupid I never say anything right to people. Most of the time Im just a shut in. I barely leave the house...My relationships all go to shit and none of them have ever been irl its fucking pathetic and I know I can't ever meet anyone. What kind of girl would ever want to be with me? Im trans and have crippling dysphoria, I cant give anyone any children Im ugly and cant compare to real men. Im short and my voice isnt all too deep I dont have a dick and I have this stupid goddamn body. I'm not athletic or fun or social or interesting. I'm not good at much either. Not much going for me. My gender dysphoria gets so bad all the time I want to kill myself sometimes so I dont have to look at this body that doesnt belong to me. I can't get surgery yet, for awhile, because I cant afford it. I can't look at myself in the mirror for too long because it makes me genuinely depressed. 

Also the exes I HAVE had have all treated me like shit. One of them tried to make me self harm and kill myself after we broke up. The other one tells all her stupid friends that I suck and I'm hated by people I dont even know. She outed me as trans to hundreds of people online because we had a disagreement about petty fucking discourse. I took the mistreatment for a year on the first one and 2 on the second. I got called names and got yelled at and insulted and shunned. I just took it and destroyed myself trying to make my exes happy when they didnt give a shit about me at all. I don't know why I did. I'm dumb. 

I really hate being seen as trans I hate myself I hate this joke of a hand Ive been dealt with. The only time I genuinely feel okay with myself is when Im dreaming, that Im a normal guy who actually lives life and has friends and a girlfriend who doesnt treat me like shit. Then I wake up and Im me again and god I wish I wasnt me. I really do wish I could have been born someone else. I guess it would make me sad though, my parents wouldnt have me around and I truly love them theyre so supportive and its my fault that Im like this and I dont want to make anyone upset. Its selfish saying I wanna die when theres a few people who actually want me to live, and Im sure my pets would miss me, its fucked up and selfish. I dont even know what Im saying anymore Im just rambling and I dont normally sound so pathetic and rambly its just bad tonight.