I don't want to exist and I know that's not right.Without dredging into too much detail of my life, my family disowned me, nearly everyone I've ever loved and/or trusted has thrown me away for some reason or the next, and I've seen and done some horrible, borderline unforgivable things in my life to survive on my own that do haunt me. I know I'm depressed, I've fought with it nearly every day of my life, because I know, or at least, I choose to believe that maybe someone, someday will love me, and it'll be worth it and I can smile and be happy. It's just... Really really hard, to do.

A few days back, on a particularly bad night after a few friends of mine of several years had told me never to speak to them again, I kinda went into auto-pilot, and when I was, back, I guess? I had very little recollection of how I had gotten into these woods where I was, but I had and I had already... Um... Self-harmed, I guess?

I know there are folk who care, I do, and I desperately want to reach out to them but every time I try, I just... I get scared. A few dear people in my life had left me for, and I quote, "Feeling like I used them for an emotional crutch." I probably did, not everyone can deal with this level of... Not... Being... Right, for lack of better terms, and they had every right to leave. Because of it though, I now have this... Mental block on sharing my pain when I need help. I can't bring myself to talk to them about it. They have their own problems and lives and I don't want to burden them with mine. Hell, I paced the floor for hours trying to write just this, but overcame it because, well, I don't know you guys.

Long and the short, I feel really alone... Like... Super alone, and afraid the very few remaining people in my life will leave too, and that'll just be it for me. I don't want to die, because I desperately want to know what it's like to feel loved. Everyone talks about it, about people who are supposed to love you and I... I never had that. I do want to die though because I'm tired of hurting. I'm tired of working so hard to believe in someone to be tossed aside once my use is at an end. Normal people aren't supposed to feel this way. I'm not supposed to want to die and I know that. Hell, the thought of death terrifies me, and yet it feels like the only option I have to stop the pain.

I know I'm being confusing probably and stupid but please. Someone. Anyone please.

Please help me.