I’m too complex...I have been living with anxiety and panic attacks for over a decade. I first started using mental health services at the age of 9. I’m now 23. I grew up with a very dysfunctional family. I was physically and emotionally abused by my mum and her partner after she divorced my dad. I was also neglected by both of them. I recently learnt about this a couple of weeks ago after reading my medical notes and I haven’t been able to come to terms with it. I confronted my mum about it and she told me that I shouldn’t be making such claims and that it wasn’t true. I ended my relationship with her right there. I suffer from horrific health anxiety, day in and day out worrying that I’m going to drop down dead every time I get a pain or discomfort. I spend most of my time in the house because shops make me panic and so do open spaces so I can’t go to a park or the beach for a walk. I have no friends because they all left me because of my mental health issues. I have been emotionally abused by every partner I have ever had and I’ve been sexually assaulted many times. I have a lovely boyfriend now but I’m worried I’m ruining it because we can’t do anything nice together and all I do is worry and tell him my worries. And to top it off...I might have a personality disorder. I am being investigated for BPD. But the thing that makes this even more complex is...it’s either a personality disorder or a gender issue. I have a character I created that I become to help me through anxiety but it turns out I actually enjoy being him and I have started to have very intense dysphoria around my female body. But apparently BPD and gender issues are very similar. I feel like I’m just a complex case and that I will never find out what is really going on with me. And, if it is a gender issue I won’t want to transition because of my health anxiety. I feel like my life is just stuck in a cycle of worry, worry, worry and I’m tired of it. I created a new backstory for myself and even created a new family for myself in my head. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I’ve attempted suicide many times before and I told myself I wouldn’t do it again but...it’s very very tempting.