So yea, been thinking about attempting againI screwed up the best part of my years pretty bad... I had a lot going for me but somewhat along the way I just stopped caring. I drove my life deeper &amp; deeper into the ground. I have since, in the past couple years, started picking what little pieces I could back up &amp; have been trying to form what I guess I think a normal life should be. Needless to say I am failing. There is not a day that goes by I don't think about it &amp; I come close to attempting again almost as many times as I think about it. The last time I slit my left arm open because I didn't see any other way. I guess the shock of seeing an 8 inch gash &amp; visible bones scared me enough to not do the other. I'm just guessing though. I don't really remember much besides finding out my girlfriend of 7 years had been cheating on me for the last 2 with at least 6 different guys. I know, stupid reason, offing yourself because of a girl... But I loved her, &amp; really it was the total lack of empathy that she exhibited that truly crushed me. I wasn't a great boyfriend, I admit, but I treated her more than fairly. Didn't I? Why wouldn't she just leave me if she didn't want me? &amp; then, seeing her blank expression, the monotoned sigh, &amp; the shrug as she asked "Yea, well, how'd you find out?" 

I just lost it. That's her 1st thought? That?! Was our life together so unmeaningful? So I raged in my head as I looked at her with complete disbelief... I found out because she asked me to bring her phone from the kitchen &amp; it was open on a recent text. I thought just the one would be bad... She mentioned the other 6, again, with a sociopathic expression. It scared &amp; scarred me...

I have yet to recover. I was homeless at 1st, now I have an ok kitchen job staying with friends. But I hate my life.  I hate the lack of trust I have in myself &amp; people. I hate the humongous hole I dug myself into before I found that out. I hate that my family reaches out to help but then treat me like I'm not trying. I hate talking to people but I do because that's what you do, right? You socialize. You get to know people. I don't want to though... 

I know this has been an extreme rant, but it is a very abridged version of what my life is. I don't know how to recover. I'm 31 freaking years old &amp; I can't take care of myself. Pathetic, right?! I had her for most of my 20s &amp; before that I was in college. Now I am just scared of everything. I tell everyone who's aware that I will bounce back, not to worry. But how? It's not a matter of I don't know WHAT to do, it's that I lack the motivation to ACTUALLY DO IT. When I clock in at my job I am a star employee. As soon as I leave darkness just surrounds me &amp; suffocates me. I used to be one of those guys who could befriend anyone. Now I just look at everyone like a scared puppy who's been beaten everyday of his 3 weeks of life &amp; now all he sees are his abusers. 

I've never told anyone to the extent of how shitty I feel because I sound like a winey brat who's complaining because he didn't get his way. But I am freaking terrified &amp; everyday that itch to research a "better" way to kill myself intensifies. The thoughts are entering my mind more often. 

I guess that's the end of that rant. I have probably heard most of the advice of encouragement that anyone here would have to offer but it's always worth a shot right? (I just did a depressing laugh &amp; this is the 5th time I've thought about suicide since I woke up a couple hours ago with intense pain in the jaw I broke 10 years ago... Ask me about THAT story...)

Fuck life. If there is an afterlife, good. I will go to hell where I belong for all the shitty things I have done. &amp; if there isn't then there is just nothing. Personally, I hope God does exist... That there is good &amp; evil, not that we just evolved to be this way... Because if we did, none of us deserve to be here. 

I apologize if I offended anyone by any of the statements. I just needed to get some of that out. For me. I may feel better about trying again now....