Can't handle guilt, being aloneThis may turn out longer than necessary, but this is my first time typing out my situation.

I've been an alcoholic for most of my adult life, beginning around the age of 17. It was my crutch, my only solace when life got difficult, and it played into creating a cycle of self-deprecation and misanthropy. I met my girlfriend at 22, and at the time I was in full swing of my binge drinking. I regularly blacked out multiple days in a row, my recollection of that part of my life is fuzzy at best. 

I do know that I hurt her. I didn't remember the details of how at the time, and still can not today. I had moved away days following the incident and found out through a phone call with her that it was something sexual in nature. It made me sick. I wanted nothing more than to end it right there. I was beyond redemption, I had done something awful I couldn't even remember, how could I live knowing that there was that much of a monster inside of me? It was only her pleading that kept me from doing it.

I got sober that day, and moved back to be with her a year later. Things were going good for awhile, about a year, until a little under a month ago she began growing distant. First it was less sex, then it was I couldn't touch her period, then it was she didn't like being looked at or talked to. She had begun seeing someone else during this time, and while our relationship had always been open, this was different. The more she saw him, the more angry and resentful she became towards me.

She asked for more space, that she needed time to think, that a lot of buried feelings were becoming harder to bury. I obliged. I texted her less, I would leave her alone when she got home. I really believed that in time she would come around. Things only got worse. I became erratic quickly, I started becoming paranoid and having panic attacks multiple times a day. That has not subsided yet. 

She would just cry when I asked her what was going on, and finally I mustered up the courage to ask if she wanted me out of her life. She said yes today. I'm devastated, but I can not blame her. I can not blame her for wanting to run as far as possible from someone as broken and evil as I am. I can not handle the guilt of hurting her, I can not handle the thought of losing the only person who supported me through some of the darkest times of my life. Suicide seems to not only be the only option to end all of the pain I feel, but an end to all of the pain I have caused. 

I still don't know exactly what I did. We've never discussed it and part of me doesn't want to know. I do know that I still love her, more than anyone I've ever loved before, and I believe the only merciful thing to do is to erase myself from the picture.