Lost...I don't know what to say really... I haven't ever had someone close to me die, I haven't been abused seriously, I just don't see a point in life. Why i would try so hard just to be hated if not ignored by others

I've been thinking about suicide lately, and this isn't the first time but it's back, thinking about hanging myself again, at least trying. First time didn't go too well, but I know the perfect place, it has hundreds of support beams and railings I could end it on.

Sad that the only thing stopping me is someone coming in and fucking around with my body

I would feel no pain, pass out within 3-7 seconds, be gone in 7 minutes, It would save me always fighting for nothing.

There is always the bullshit of "people care" but how can people care about someone they don't even know

Some nights i'll just cry until i pass out, but luckily i don't cry loud, i can contain the screams and shouts, just feel warm tears rolling down my face as i'll be texting someone as if i'm ok because i know from the times i broke down they got sick of me, they always do...

Today i was at the place, where ill leave, and one of my 'friends' came up to me and said i was being rude, i was trying so hard to hold back tears, i couldn't even look her in the eye which probably didnt help. I managed to not have a tear drop but i could feel it... and the thing is i could of broken down, just cried and cried but all that would of happened was them walking off calling me a freak, baby, psycho.

Because they don't know every night for me is a battle, they dont know how hard it is every day, they think they do because something didn't go their way, I've tried telling them, I've tried getting help, I've tried so fucking hard to make others happy, I wouldn't care i was suffering, I'm just writing this as I go along, now in tears again hoping no one walks in my room....

What do people want from me... why am i not good enough... People always rather get a new toy rather then fix the old one, i've just been put aside by everyone...



I could go there right now.... I could end it all... no more pain.... no more suffering..... no more lies or hurt, no more bullshit...





It's a bit too dark I guess.... no one would be there for hours and hours... someone would find my body.... doubtful they would call the police... they would just get freaked out and leave... or maybe laugh.... i know people that would pay to see my lifeless body


I could just cut again... I did last month and no one cared, I try hiding them but eventually someone see's, when they do it will be a taunt, some people you can tell see it, then they just stay quiet, people you thought cared, i didnt want them to see it but its not because they didnt want to upset me, its because they didnt wanna deal with me.

Fuck people....



1 week...





I'm going live 1 last week.




1 long week


I will try not to get upset or angry, i will continue my day as normal, i won't text anyone or try and see anyone


See if anyone would text me first, or even want to be around me...





I will continue to update this post every day, for 7 days



I have one week to set my goodbye's not that anyone would care or even read them, I will set delayed messages so no one can call the cops.


They don't care but when it's too late that's when people all the sudden care oh so much.


....








Guess that's it then...




See yous tomorrow...