Honestly, I don't know where to go from hereFirst of all, sorry for the shitty title, I am pretty drunk right now and don't even know if I am able to formulate cohesive sentences, but I'm trying my best.

To preface this, here's something about myself: I am a 19 year old that got his A-levels last year and simply doesn't know what to do now. Like 6 years ago I developed a crush on a girl that went to the same class as me, ever since I have been trying to get closer to her and maybe even become her boyfriend one day. I am a complete idiot when it comes to human interactions though, I don't even know how to keep up a conversation for more than 5 minutes.

Anyways, I have been able to develop a friendship with her, mainly because my best friend is her best friend. Pretty much all decisions I have made in the last years have been made to get closer to her. After getting my A-levels, I chose my university mainly because she was going to study there too, but also because I have no idea what to do with my life. Sure I have some interests, mainly technology and gaming and the such, but still I mainly chose my university according to her choices (while still trying to chose the class of studies that interests me the most)

After one semester of studying I am noticing that I am way out of my dephts, I can't follow classes and I have failed every exam. I will attend the second semester (maybe by just doing nothing and chilling)  to then start another course of studies after that (as almost every course of studies starts at the winter semester).

I am now wondering what I will do though. I pretty much wasted a whole year already, getting money from the government, which I will have to pay back some time in future, and I don't know at all what I want to do. I don't seem to have any interests other than technology (for which I am to dumb to pursue it professionally) and maybe cooking (which I really like to do, but I don't I have what it takes to do it for a living).

So what exactly am I going to do?

Studying technology seems to be out of the picture seeing as I have failed the first semester of my studies completely without even seeing any kind of light at the end of the tunnel.

My other interest is cooking, but that seems like a shitty way to spend the rest of my life too.  
My father is a learned cook, and according to him, cooking sucks to do for a living. You don't make much money and it's a hard job. I also don't want to ruin the one hobby I do have (apart from playing video games) by doing it for a living.

So there is the whole 'doing something for a living thing's. There is another huge thing bothering me though.

As I mentioned in the beginning, there is this girl I have the biggest crush on. She is the best (female) friend I have, and she is actually my roommate right now.

I have been crushing on her for like 6 years or so, and I never actually thought I'd have a chance to land at her (is that even a saying?), especially since she has had a boyfriend for like 4 years now, but I still hoped.

Today we went to a party together with a few friends, and at some point in the evening, she said to me in a conversation, that especially I would never have a chance with her.  
Now it might have been the alcohol I've been consuming during the evening, but her saying something like that completely crushed me, and any self confidence I build up over time.

While I never thought I had a chance at getting together with her, I was completely crushed that my best friend thought about me that way. I mean, if my best friend thought like that, how would any girl ever think different?

So now here I am. No idea what to do with my life, as I don't think there is any job that doesn't make me think it's a necessary evil to have in my life, and a self confidence crushed (and thus non existent), as I don't think I will ever find anyone that'll love me.

I have always, been thinking about suicide, as life seems pointless to me. It just consists of working a job you don't want to work, to sustain a living and hoping to find love some day. The only reasons I haven't seriously considered killing myself are:

1. The girl I have had a crush on forever (which is now nulled, as she said I in particular would never even be worth a consideration when it comes to a relationship)

2. Family and friends who would be sad about me killing myself. While I think I am worthless, I don't want to bring any grief to anyone that might value me.

3. The thought, that suicide would be cowardly. I mean most people go through the drag that is life, why couldn't I? It's easy to end it (or maybe it's not, and I am terrified) but when a lot of people go through a lot harder situation than I am in, why can't I?

That is pretty much all. Sorry for the huge wall of text, I actually don't think anyone is going to read all of it, especially as all of my 'problems' as bad as what a lot of other people are going through. I rambled on for way too long and probably don't even remember half of what I wrote

Maybe I am not even going to check this thread again, but I just wanted to get it off my chest