I promised myself I would never consider this after my best friend's suicide, but the thoughts won't go away.I have been depressed for a large majority of my life. My parents are the type that believe that my depression is just a sign that there isn't enough of a religious presence in my life. I spent years of my life force feeding myself religious texts and ideas hoping that somehow I would get cured. I prayed for the opportunity to feel normal. It even got to the point where I prayed for God to kill me just so I wouldn't have to do it myself. 

I only ever attempted once. Freshman year of college I had a nervous breakdown unlike any before or since. I was manic. If anyone had come into my personal space at that point, I am pretty sure I could have easily hurt them. I took a lot of pills. A friend had noticed that I was especially anxious that day so she called me and heard how distraught I was. Thankfully, she convinced me to force myself to throw up. I have thought about killing myself every single day since then. My mind wanders and I can't help but wonder what it would be like to hang from the ceiling of my apartment, or to slit my wrists and bleed out in the bathtub. I am already a ghost. No one knows I am here. My "friends" either don't care, or are already dead. People will go to extreme lengths to get rid of me all while claiming that I am awesome.

I was recently diagnosed with a pretty hefty neurological issue. This is important because this is eventually going to cause my brain to turn into a pile of mush anyway. I am on the fast track to death and I am not even 22 years old yet. What is the point of staying alive when I am going to end up as a vegetable who is hoping for death anyway? No one will understand it. Only three people in my life know what is happening, but these are the same three people that disregard my existence. One of them is quite possibly the love of my life and he will admit that he is looking for a girl like me, just not me exactly. Meaning someone beautiful and not a complete fuck up.

No one will ever love me enough to counteract how much I hate myself. No one will ever look at me in a way that will make me genuinely believe that they would be upset if I was dead. I feel like everyone is just so tired of all of my crap. To be honest, I am sick of my crap too. I want something to fix it, but nothing will ever work. Depression is just a side effect of this pre-existing medical condition. This incurable condition directly causes my desire to die.

The only reason I am alive is because I promised my friend's mom that I would never attempt to kill myself again. I made that promise 2 years ago at my friend's funeral. It is a promise that is getting harder and harder to keep. 2 years of thoughts of killing myself is getting too heavy to carry. Thanks for reading this. Hopefully I can find the strength to not kill myself.

STATUS REPORT: I forced myself to try to go to bed after posting this last night. It didn't really work so I took some nyquil and knocked out until about half an hour ago. So, I am not dead even though I may feel like it right now. I don't feel as bad as I did last night, but I am not 100% either. I made the smart decision to lock myself in my room so I wouldn't do anything stupid to myself or my roommate. Thanks to anyone that read this, I appreciate the concern.
