I don't know what's the point of posting here, but I'll just say everythingThere are too fucking many different problems in this life. First of all, I live in Russia, which is like top 2 suicidal country. I'm 19, I've never had a real friend, never in my entire life. I'm starting to feel like best friends are an illusion, all the people I was friends with were so superficial. I broke up with the only friends I had a year ago. I still think about them, about our memories and the things I've said. And the point is I don't even think that what I said wasn't true, I just shouldn't have said it. 
I felt lonely in their company, which is the worst feeling ever. 

And I've never felt live or lived anyone truly in my entire life either. I have normal parents, but they've always worked a lot. I don't feel their love and I don't really love them back. 

All this led to me finding a way of drawing attention to myself. And the easiest I could find is becoming a femboy, wearing girly clothes for men to fuck me. And even though It does turn me on, when I'm not horny I know that that's not who I am. That's now what I need. 

And among my acquaintances there are no people that I'd like to be my best friend or girlfriend. I just keep rejecting people myself. I can't do anything about it. 

Moreover, I don't have real passion for anything. I have tried many things. I like them, but I realize that I make myself do them. Make myself watch a movie, make myself read a book, make myself play piano. I don't feel anything, I don't want anything, but love, someone to hug, someone, who genuinely would care about me and someone who I WOULD ALSO care about.

Plus there are fucking health problems, like fucked up mind is not enough. I'm 19 and I've had hemorrhoids 3 times, I have a problem with my facial skin, my knees hurt, there are some fucking things in my throat, and I'm gaining fat. 

I know that doing sports is supposed to make your body and mind be healthier, but I just don't see a point. I can't be happy by just running around, I DON'T LOVE ANYTHING OR ANYONE. 

And where do I meet people? Like just go hit on a random girl that might not have a personality I'll like, or that won't like my personality, or even won't find me attractive in the first place. I've said I have skin problem that I can't cure for 6 or more years.

I really don't care. I wish I could believe in god, that would help. But I just don't. So I don't care if I die. Literally the only thing that stops me is my mom. I don't want her to grief. I don't even care about my dad, or brother, or anyone else. I know that I'm going to kill myself eventually. Whether in a year, or when I'll be 90 years old. But I want to do it now. 

Everything is fucking disappointing, EVERYTHING.