Feedback on a Suicide NoteBeing not one to judge if suicide is "right" or "wrong," I'm with the angle of acknowledging feelings and emotions. I've long and passionate opinions on so much--and it's that kind of noise that I just want stopped. That and greater income or just financial safety. Honestly--I'm ready to make a devil's pact just so I don't have to be so financially insecure. I've tried to "sell out" and work for companies that I'm not a fan of. I've tried to be accommodating. I've tried so many things....I'm out of ideas. 

All that said, I've written the following: 

Plans suck. There’s both every reason and no reason for me to have done this. I’d hoped that I’d finish my memoir/autobiography so I could at least have left something for my daughter and help her understand why her dad killed himself. Of course, with the way her mother indoctrinated her to hate her dad she probably wouldn't have read it anyway. If anything, I’d at least get things out, externalize my thoughts and feelings and perhaps find relief.  As if this note was to be that of sorts. 

 Maybe the feeling of accomplishment would allow me momentum to heal and move forward. I've suffered with low self-esteem for a very long time. I’ve tried to blame other people, places, and things to explain how I’m feeling when I *know* it’s really all just me. I try to be responsible, do the right things, but nothing works. Of course, when I consider doing the ultimate right thing of getting to the hospital and getting help, that leads me back to the dire financial circumstance that is a big part of the problem. And not just for my mental health--I've begun to have heart arrhythmias. No insurance. 

 I guess I just can’t be responsible for myself any longer. The burden of living responsibly—or just living—is just too difficult. If life were a job, I’d have been fired long ago. It’s a weird thing. In the past, I’d blame my upbringing; saying that I was raised too protected and too soft—not with the idea that life *is* work. Life *is* a job. It’s a grueling, demanding one that has too lenient of a hiring policy. This is the very point. I should never have been hired. 

 What does an ethically and morally responsible employee do when they realize they’re unfit for their position? They resign. So I’m resigning. 

Besides, it didn’t pay enough anyway.