My First Post on Reddit, and I'm contemplating suicideI'm 20 years old and I live in Canada. I've been lurking around Reddit for at least a couple months now. I don't like to post on random, internet forums but Reddit is an exception because I've noticed that many of the members on this site are mature, respectful, and polite which is one of the reasons why I'm posting this message here and not anywhere else on the internet. I trust Reddit, and I trust the community, and I need help. 

I completed High School in 2013. I graduated with a diploma and took a year off from going to College/University because I did not know what to study. I decided to work as a Security Guard and started working in September 2013. Throughout 2014, I got myself into credit card debt because I had to pay off someone $1,000 before they killed me. I got into fights that were not started by me, arguments that other people begin with me, I cut myself on face with a pair of scissors, I was used for my money by someone who I thought was an actual friend and not a fake (ever since then, I've only hanged out with 2 close friends), My parents have called me out to be lazy pot-head for not going to School and for not having enough money to help pay the bills. I feel like I have a screw loose in my head but I'm scared to see a psychiatrist. 

I've had problems on the job with my employer. I've been working in Security for 1 year, and I still don't have a permanent site. My employers are fucking me over because they keep promising, month after month, that they will give me one. But I've been working on-call for at least a year now, with no regular set-schedule and it's becoming more and more frustrating because my company keeps hiring new employees, and these guys have no experience yet they get a permanent placement wheres I have to keep calling in just to get hours and I have 1 year experience, and 1 year seniority with the same company. Sometimes I make only $1200 a month. Sometimes less than that. I don't have any savings in my bank, I'm struggling with maintaining my money, and I'm just having a really shitty time in life.  I want to help my parents with the bills, but I'm struggling to help myself financially. 

I've tried so many attempts at improving my life. I have tried to get a permanent site, I have tried to save my money, I have tried paying off my credit card, but in the end, whatever I do fails. I always end up back to square one where I started off. Oh and did I mention that my student loan application was rejected? Meaning that I can't even go to College this year and I've been out of School since September 2013. 

I am a failure in life. I don't know how to live my life. I can't live by myself. I'm happy my parents are with me, because I would be screwed on my own. I don't know what to do. I'm not in School, I don't have money for School, I'm working for minimum wage ($11/hr), I'm being used by my company to do the lowest types of jobs they have, and I barely get 40hrs a week. I almost committed suicide one time at a job site because my supervisor got angry at me. I accidentally broke my moms glasses one time, and that made me want to commit suicide too. I've been feeling suicidal for a good couple years now and it's just getting worse and worse. I've started to drink 5 tallboys every night (my cousin buys it, not me) with my cousin, and my drinking is just getting worse by the day. I don't know if there is an underlying issue beneath all of this, but the fact remains. I have an idea on how to commit suicide, and I get frequent, recurring thoughts of just ending it all but I'm scared of the after life and of the possibility of going to hell. And that is why I haven't committed it yet. 

I'm on an anti-depressant called Effexor at the moment. I take 75mg a day. It was working well in the first 2 weeks, but the effects have diminished and I don't feel it as strongly as I used too. 