So, I'm pretty sure I'm a bad person...(warning there is a rant below here that gives back story into everything, so don't feel obligated to read any of it)

I don't even freaking know where to start. This is kind of a rant and kind of a way for me to express what's going on in my brain and maybe I might be able to get some help from someone on here.

So, I have lived with my boyfriend for the last 2 years and we've been dating for the last 5 but I really don't think that I have any romantic feelings for him any more.

See, we met when he transferred in to my high school and I went out of my way to talk to him in drama class because he was sitting there away from everyone else. Turns out he thought I was going to make fun of him like everyone did at his old school, but all I did was ask who he was and stuff and left him alone. 

After a few weeks I told him he could come and hang around with me and my friends if he wanted to, and he did. It caused problems though because he was socially awkward and none of my friends liked him. After a while, we started dating and then no-one wanted anything to do with me because I was dating a "freak" and a "pervert". So I basically told them all to either suck it up and deal with it because I didn't care what they think. I liked him and that's what counts. Once we graduated high school, I realised that neither of us really had anyone except each other, but at the time I didn't think that was a bad think because being 17 and in love, it was perfect.

On my 18th birthday he proposed to me, but said that we wouldn't get married until we could support ourselves and be independant from our parents. (which suited me fine)

We eventually moved into a share house with people that I knew from high school that didn't care one way or another about him, which was awesome because we got to live together and be away from our parents. (we were about 19 at this point) I ended up supporting him and paying all of our expenses for a while because he lost his job and was finding it hard to get another one. During this time, he filmed one of our roommates as she was getting out of the shower on 5 separate occasions. 

He was arrested and charged and (for obvious reasons) wasn't allowed back into that house ever again. I broke off the engagement because I felt so hurt and so betrayed that I never wanted to see him again. But 2 years of feelings don't just go away. We made up and eventually after all of the court proceedings had completed he ended up with a 3 month suspended sentence and was free to go on with his life.

We got our own place in the March of 2011 (I turn 20 that April) and we have been living together ever since. I have tried so hard to forgive him for what he did, I can tell that he is sorry. What I can't figure out is that if he is sorry for what he did or not. I think he's only sorry because he got caught and that the act of him getting caught, arrested and put in the back of a police van has made everything in my life so much harder.

(EVERYTHING BELOW HERE IS WHAT IS RELEVANT TO THIS SUB AND I'M SORRY THAT I RANTED FOR SO LONG)

Now it is march of 2013, I turn 22 and I have nothing left in my life but him. There's only one problem. I don't love him anymore. I'm not attracted to him. I've become so used to having him with me that I don't want to be apart from him, but being with him is killing me every day.

Everyday I come home from my shitty retail management job that I hate, to see my boyfriend just so happy to see me and I just FUCKING HATE IT. I hate seeing him so FUCKING happy... Doesn't he understand that just looking at him makes me want to kill myself? I can't ever tell him though. He's the only friend in the world that I have. I hate most of the people that I come into contact with every day, but I just keep fucking smiling. I'm always smiling.

God forbid my Father ever finds out that I'm not taking my medication for my anxiety. He'll be so disappointed in me again. 

I can't deal with my life anymore. I just want to be in control of something again, even if it is just when I die. I just want something that is mine that no-one else can tell me what to do.

I know I only hurt him the longer that I stay with him because when I do eventually tell him (assuming I haven't walked in front of a bus before then) it will hurt him more.

I don't want to hurt anyone though. I know that if I kill myself at least 2 people will probably follow suit. My dad and my boyfriend. I am the only person who talks to my dad out of my family mainly due to the fact that he is an insufferable, miserable and just generally grumpy old man. 

FUCK THIS WHOLE FUCKING WORLD. I just don't know what to do anymore. I can't keep pretending that everything is okay... I can feel this facade slipping and I just don't care anymore. I don't care that i am a weak minded and angry person. I just want out...

If anyone out there has anything that they can say to help.... Fuck, i need help... I need help....