SuIcIdAl ThOuGhTs YuHI am a 16 year old in Junior year of high school, and I just want to die. I know, it sounds like every other post ever, but that's the best way to say it. My parents got divorced a few months back, and my relationship with my other family members is fading away from me. I live with my dad and my little brother, and my mom is off with some other man and I don't get to see her all that often. My friends are all pretty happy with their own lives, and are doing normal stuff teenagers do, and I envy them. I like to hurt myself at school and at home by bashing my head into things over and over again. I hurt myself in front of my friends and they show concern, but I do it anyway. I also like to hurt myself mentally by posting pictures to my snapchat story saying stuff like "I want to livestream my suicide" and video taping myself crying while pointing out everything I hate myself about my life. I have ripped out all of my eyelashes in what I guess is anxiety, even though I don't feel anxious, just depressed. People say that they care, but for some reason I still have thoughts of hating every aspect of myself and wanting to die. I feel guilty about most of my actions in life, even though most of them are relatively minor things, and I regret living. I feel like I don't deserve the opportunities I have been given in life, I just don't feel like I am worthy of living. I feel like people mainly pity me and only say that they care about me so that I won't kill myself. I want people to stop caring about me so that I have a reason to kill myself and that I hurt as few people as possible when I do die. My main concern is that my brother might follow the same path if I kill myself. The only coping mechanism I have has been beating all of the Halo games on Legendary (So far I have Reach, 1, 2, and ODST complete) I have incredibly good friends, but they just don't know what to do anymore, and I attempt to prove to them that I'm not worth caring about. I was hanging out with them the other night and I was so sad and it made them sad, and I felt even worse because I was making them feel sad. I stole some of my friends whiskey and I actually felt good while being drunk. I almost want to become an alcoholic and get addicted to drugs just so I have something to worry about other than living. I have never been with someone romantically, and I guess that's another reason to be sad. I chronically masturbate and I make jokes out of it, but people probably just laugh at me about it. I have become a clown for everyone around me to laugh at. People think I'm addicted to porn, and I must look like a monster to them, and I definitely look like a monster to myself. I just want death. I have been given Zoloft, but I really don't notice any difference. My parents say they got therapy scheduled, but they have been telling me that for months and I still don't even know if I have a therapist.   All I think about are different ways to kill myself, a lot of them involve me going to my school and doing it in front of a crowd of people, either shooting myself or hanging myself with a rope from the stairwell. I hate myself. I don't deserve life.