Demons in my head: A fucked up family sagaSooo, first if all this is a throw away account, because shit is about to be dark. Maybe read at your own warning (ill be mentioning sexual assault) . This is a collection of short anecdotes regarding my family cus my brain is too scrambled to be completely cohesive. Its things that happened and have made me want to end my life, fighting through it is getting exhausted. I fantasized at slitting my wrist tonight. I keep thinking about dying more and more, a part of me still doesnt want to make it end because Ive worked so hard to try and get away from it all. Also its long but its all my demons. 

The stuff Ive never told anyone:

My mother used to physically and emotionally abuse me as a child. She ran off and was always in and out of my life. I always felt like somethibgt was wrong with, my own mother couldn’t even love me. I had fucked up thoughts and emotions as a child. One time after she hit me I wondered “how my own mother could do this”. I dont know much about my mother.

My eldest brother. He gained behaviors from my mom, and used to hit us too (after we didnt live with my mother). I dont blame him really, he got the worst of it. He has his own issues...

My older brother. The monster who terrorized me as a child. Who stole money from me growing up. The sick FUCK WHO STOLE MY INNOCENCE. My older brother moleted me as a small child, and I didnt even know it as a time. I feel disgusting and like I cant tell anybody, i feel like a fucking freak. I didnt know better, and now I just feel so dirty. And im scared to tell anyone, because thats not normal. Thats one of the worst things, oh and I had to still live with him for 18 years. That fucking sucked. A court case was brought and my brother was removed from the house for a bit, but it was dropped. I dont know what happened. I don’t remember what happened. But i guess its a sick family secret. I honestly cant remember if my dad knew, I think my mom knew. I cant be for certain because that time is blank in my memory.

My dad. The reason why my life is shitty now. Hes an alcoholic, who got dui’s with me in the car as a small child. He would pick me up drunk (as I got older and could realize it) and I would be drunk. He would drive wrecklessly, and I fear my life. He got busted for selling weed a long time ago. He mooched off my grandma his entire life. He had his own cars, room, boats, vacations , and everything. He way a stay at home dad (whichh i could understand for when we were younger ) but I don’t remember him ever working in my life (im in the college age range). He had all these things but expects me to pay for a college, pay for school, and pay him rent (which is a new thing happening. He yells at me, after I work a full time job and Im doing fulltime summer school. He sits on his as and smokes weed all day, and I come home from a long day to only be yelled at. Ive never felt support from him. He never would come to my sporting events, or would miss concerts. Thats my dad.

My beloved grandmother, she passed recently. She was my only light, and the sad thing is I didnt even realize it at the time. She was my rock. She was the reason I had a roof over my head. She showed me love, as a small child I acted out ( I think I had some attachment issues). I used to feel weird getting hugged, I hated being touched I wasn’t used to it. But as I grew older I grew closer and let go of this. I tried to do whatever I could for her when I realiZed how amazing she was. The worst thing I ever had to deal with was being by her death bead. He last words were “I love you”. She struggled getting that out because the doctors doped her up.. you have to be a beautiful human to struggle to get out one last I love you. Ever since she has been gone, my world hasnt been the same. I dont know if it ever will be the same... Emotionally and financially. She worked into her 80s to support her gran babies, and Ill forever be greatful.I miss you so much grandma.

To my baby sister, she has a short temper. But I think that because when she was a baby (&amp; i was a toddler) is when our family began to fall apart. Or at least thats what I hear from stories. My mom took us away for a time period and she actually worked. So that left us with sitters ( I dont really remember this period). But psychologist say temperament is formed from early child hood and can be reflective of parental styling. She yells at me a lot, that doesnt really help things.

Typing all of this out makes me slightly relieved. Because its all out there. The things I could never tell anyone, not even psychologists / psychiatrists. But all this makes me wanna quit trying, Im lost, I dont kniw what to do. I dont feel any emotional support. I know living situations could be worse, but Im just overwhelmed how im expected to do it all. I dont know if I can do it all. My dad has mooched his entire life, and now I have to pay for it? i wish I never would’ve been fucking convinced if this is what I was born for