So, let me talk to myself...There's a reason why i like staying up late so much. It's because between the hours 12am to 6am, my world is quiet. Alone. No one expects anything from me. I could lay in bed, listen to Coldplay and stare at the ceiling for 5 hours and not suffer any consequences, not take any bullshit from anyone. It's the time that i get to talk to myself and talk about things that are in my mind. Things that bother me so much about myself and my parents. My parents. I stay up late, because of them. They don't want me. They could give a shit. Only because apparently I don't give a shit about myself. I guess. But it's all fine. It'll all be fine once it all goes away and will be in the hands of my real dad. My real creator. At least he listens to me. 12am to 6am is the time of debate. Debate if i should go to work and be an American for $13.25 an hour 16 hours straight 7 days a week or actually enjoy my summer and have ONE fun day with my friends. Friends that I care for alot because they helped me through highschool. They're the only ones that I have. Or used to have since my parents think they're gay. Because of my parents, my world is quiet. It's mundane. Now I have no friends, no phone, no social life, no type of supportive family, scratch that, i mean parents that love me for what I do, for what i wish they would let me do with my life. I just want to keep talking to myself because it's the only relief of stress that I get. I try to talk to them but I can't. They just create more and more problems. Problems that wouldn't exist only if they would just hear me out and give me advice. Feels bad knowing they're never going to actually understand what my issues are. I just got this feeling in my throat, it feels, uncomfortable. I tried seeking outside help but i know they don't. They get payed to listen. My  two friends listen to me. But i don't want sympathy from them. I feel useless. I can't even go to work without dozing off and thinking about my life and where it might go. Ima just stop. I have issues. My world just got a lot more quite. Is your world quiet too? 