Barely surviving (26F)Hello, everyone, 

It's my first time posting on Reddit. I am so glad that such a community exists. I have been seeking support from everyone close to me. But once I start talking about my suicidal thoughts everyone gets uncomfortable. I currently live with my parents, working on a PhD (4th year) I fuc*ing hate. Graduated on 2017 with an engineering degree. I have a long distance boyfriend that visits me for 1 month a year and although I don't have a job or money ( never had any work experience as I spent all my life studying xD) , my parents help me with all my needs. So far everything sounds perfect right? But I hate myself,I hate everything about life. I have been diagnosed with depression since I was 11. I was bullied in elementary and high school for being different ( mixed ). I didn't manage to get into the university I wanted. I barely managed to get my degree in a major I hated. And because I hated anything related to engineering I thought surviving 4 years of PhD and than becoming a professor would be a better option... oh how wrong I was . I ended up stuck with a research I hate procrastinating until my advisor gets mad at me. My self esteem hit rock bottom. I felt and still feel so stupid. I can't manage to finish my 1st article and I need to publish 2 to defend my phd. I also don't have the guts to stop it because of the 3 years I wasted. During those 3 years I saw my colleagues building their careers, becoming financially independent and building their families. Living like normal human beings. While I am on the other hand a complete loser that is too afraid to face the world and talk to people. I am already 26, signs of aging started creeping out on my face. I am losing my looks that were once the only thing that gave me a little bit of confidence. My parents are in their 60s (I am the youngest sibling) and showing signs of old age and weak health already . They are the only reason I live for. My relationship with my siblings is very cold. My boyfriend lives in Brazil while I live in Morocco. Any prospects of marriage and sharing a life by his side seem practically impossible as no one of us is ready to leave their families behind. He is also the only hope I have for the future to survive. But again it is not sure if he will stay with me all my life...
All I can see in the future is pain and suffering. Getting older; losing my looks, losing my health, losing my parents, working in a field I fuc*ing hate, building a family and having kids seems like a nightmare to me as I can't even take responsibility over myself so how can I take the responsibility over another human being so it means I will live alone after losing my parents... in the end I will fucking die after suffering from losing everything that made my life a little less sad. I can't see any meaning to life. I don't understand why we should keep going ? All of us are literally " dealing" with life! We are born here without our consent ( although I am grateful to my parents for all the effort they put into having me ) and forced to go on with a life that is full of losses . No don't tell me I will meet other people and find something I will to do.. nothing and no one will ever replace my parents in this world, I won't age in reverse so my looks won't come back they will just cruelly fade everyday and nothing can give me any self confidence becasue I am bad at everything I do and I will end up invisible in this world. Because the only thing that made me visible will fade in like 3 or 4 years. I also don't have the means to study in another field. So I will be stuck in the field I hate the most. I tried therapy, yoga, meditation, anti-depressants for more than a year, exercising like crazy, reading , going out with friends, I even forced myself to be social , I tried to learn Chinese, tried to learn piano at 23 for 2 years.. I tried everything I could in order to get better. But since 11 , since I was diagnosed with depression , I only got worse. And now I really see no meaning in living. I surviving for my parents and boyfriend because I don't want them to experience what I will once they will leave me. So all I can do is stay strong as long as they are with me and once they will leave I will follow them.