Fuck itFuck, it's been a while since I have been on this part of reddit.  I kinda guess I knew this day would come, I was just putting it off in my mind, but now it is to time to visit once again.  

Instead of studying for my orgo exam tomorrow I'm sitting here numb and just trying to get the thoughts out before they fade.  I've been in a major depressive spiral for the past past 5 months or so and I am scared that it will come to a head soon.  That spiral feeds into other larger spirals, and reinforces some basic assumptions about myself that are pushing me in this direction.  I can't deal with what I am up against, I feel it is better to quit now while people still regard me as someone with potential instead of letting them see the husk of a person that I really am.  

I've always assumed that I was going to kill myself, at first it was the belief that I wouldn't live till the age of 20 (that started around 12-14) and progressed into the assumption that I would kill myself in the next 6 months (all throughout highschool).  I have since made it to 20 and haven't killed myself, yet I still feel like my inevitable end is nearing.  

I knew I would never get out of school alive, its one of the reason I tried killing myself when I was in 10th grade.  I knew I was always going to end it before I became self sufficient, so I thought why not save everyone the extra wasted time, love, and money by killing myself now instead of later.  Unfortunately I did not die, nor did I change enough to avoid the same situation again so I am back here with y'all.  I really could of avoid this, maybe if I had actually listened to my therapist//psychologist and signed up with disability services and/or tried ADHD/SSRI's I could of made myself into a successful student.  But I didn't, instead I let dates and assignments slide, blow off and forget appointments and generally just made a mess of things.  I haven't even signed up for classes yet thats how sure I won't be coming back up.  

I am very scarred right now, I have had a date and plan for months, I don't know what to do or how to stop this.  I am going home to my parents next week, I hope I can talk to them instead of being afraid.  This is the first time in my life that I don't want to go, but it feels destined to be like this.  I cannot see any other options, I know they are there but I am blind to them.  

Fuck doing this from a throwaway, if I do kill myself I want to have something for my parents to look back at to try to understand what happened.  I love you guys and I am so sorry, I just wish I was a better kid for y'all while I was alive.  