I'm tired of just existing, not wanting to live and to much of a coward to die. It feels like that's all I do.I've always hated the feeling of just sitting here, with the weight of the world and my own regrets on my shoulders. Yet it happens almost daily now. I've always written what was on my mind on little notepads, ran, and gone for drives to try to cope. Just focusing on my feet stepping, one in front of the other for hours on end, on trails that go out into the middle of nowhere. A pen on a crumpled, tear and bloodstained piece of paper. Or just focusing on the white lines on the road just going off into the distance. But, they aren't enough to clear my head anymore.

Then, this past week. I was driving and fell asleep at the wheel. I woke up unharmed on the side of the road, but I just wish I hadn't. I wish I had just fallen asleep, ran off a bridge, and never woken up. Then I'd never have to deal with this life anymore. I wouldn't have to deal with the loneliness of just existing alone in life, with nothing. No job, No real education, No breaks that'll ever go my way. Just this life going day to day, till I finally work up the courage to just kill myself. However bloody, painful, or regretful it would be. I'd welcome it.

But worst of all, is my life is built entirely on lies. I lie almost compulsively to avoid the worst possible outcomes. I hate confrontation and arguments just cripple my senses for some reason. So I lie to avoid them. But as I've gotten older, I've built on those lies and now it's at the point that if one comes crashing down, I have no one to blame but myself and I'm terrified of that happening. 

I'm terrified of something crashing down and removing this mask I've always worn with a happy face on it. I hate asking people to do anything for me, or turning down their personal requests, so I just smile no matter what and hide myself behind it. The realization that, so many friendships, relationships with my own family, are all lies. Just makes me hate myself, because I've dug my own grave over the past years and I don't know how you explain that to someone. How do you tell people something, when you know they won't understand? All of it is just driving me insane...