I have every reason to be happy......but I'm not. Every day I think about ending my life.

I'm engaged to a wonderful man and we love each other very much. We just moved to a great new place. We both have promising careers and are financially secure. We both have supportive parents.

I honestly don't know how or why things starting going downhill, but at least I think I know when: in early 2014 I dropped out of my master's degree and went through an existential crisis. For the following 2 years I was hopping between jobs, getting paid peanuts, and gaining a lot of weight, putting strain on my health and relationship. In May 2016 I landed my current job, which is fantastic. The following month, my grandmother passed away after a decade of circling the drain and no longer recognising anyone. In December we started a weight loss programme that was very successful and I lost 20kg. Then earlier this year my estranged half-brother's pancreatic cancer turned terminal, and he died two months later in May. In July I proposed to my partner of 7 years and he said yes. Last month my best friend was killed in an traffic accident that wasn't his fault.

I can't tell my fiancé about how hopeless, powerless, and terrified I feel because he's already been through hell with me in 2014 and I feel incredibly guilty whenever I so much as tell him I feel a bit blue. He's already doing everything he can for me and I would feel so selfish telling him it's somehow not enough. I also feel terrible about hiding the fact that I sometimes want to leave him along with everyone else. He doesn't deserve this.

I can't tell my parents: my mother is a manic depressive who refuses treatment out of prejudice, and my father is already heartbroken over the loss of his estranged son (who blamed him for being gay despite the fact that his mother was the one who initiated the divorce) and the estrangement of another son who suddenly decided to renounce his family without telling us why. He has effectively already lost two of his four children and I couldn't bear to threaten him with the loss of his youngest and only daughter too.

I've told my therapist, but I underplay how I feel because it's evident I'm not coping. He doesn't seem all that alarmed, but I don't blame him.

I don't know if all I need is just time to heal, but even that I can't get because with all these deaths I'm all out of family leave, and I don't want to waste annual leave or sick leave on processing my feelings like a stereotypical woman. But I'm worried that if I don't, I'll end up in a psychiatric hospital for something self-inflicted... or worse, dead.

I'm utterly miserable and at my wit's end and I don't know what to do. I'm desperate for relief of some kind, but I am crushed with guilt for even thinking about doing this to those I love and who love me.