Am I just postponing the inevitable.When I was young I thought about suicide a lot. But I figured I'd hold off because if I can make it to 18 I'd be able to live the life I want. The feelings come and go since. But lately I feel like I'm honestly waiting for my mother to pass away so that I can too. Shes lost a son already, and between my brother and everyone else ive lost I dont want anyone to feel that pain. But they say at some point you have to start putting yourself first. I feel like I'm living just so friends and family dont have to experience another death. All of my best friends through life have passed. I'm 30 years old. If you'd ask me to share a story, I'd struggle to find a happy one. The happy ones are all masked with sad stories that took over. Much of the time I find myself enjoying when I am angry because I rather be filled with rage than just the shell of a man who has amounted to nothing. My life is full of failures, each years failures are worse than previous. I've been single for 5 years now. And I cant even delve into that relationship because it holds what is biggest failure, not the relationship itself. I'm fuckign empty. And depressed. And it feels worse this time. I've been crashing on my brothers couch since I moved back. I'm moving out in mid Feb or march to an apartment by myself and I dont want to be alone, not like single or without friends, but alone for too long. This is the first time I'm sharing and my eyes have been filled with tears since the second sentence.idk if that's good or bad. It's all bottled up but I dont need to share. I was thinking about just starting a youtube channel, not showing myself, bit just speaking all these truths because I cant not deal with it anymore. I've tried antidepressants years back and hated them. What do I do. I'm ashamed that I'm 30 and don't know but honestly I cant imagine carrying this much longer. I'm considering finding drugs like fentanyl because I cant hang or drown or shoot myself. But then I wouldn't want my family or friends to think I was on drugs. Something has to change soon. Please help me.