My latest thoughtsToday I have the feeling of being better though I'm not sure, because I still feel the darkness and emptiness in me but at least I smiled today, I felt content ans that's something I haven't feel in over a month. Anyways, This is just me going back to normal but don't get confused, for me being normal is not like I'm good, it just means that I recovered the capability to hide my true feelings and pretend that I'm fine. It's me being able to laugh and have fake smiles to foll others and make them think that I'm fine while in reality I'm just dying inside and continue to have this visions about death and the suicidal thoughts but don't worry, I don't think that I'm brave enough to take any actions, although I noticed that I've never gone so far on my quest to end my life like this time, this only makes me think that I just have a couple of other mental breakdowns before I finally snap it and do it. I mean it can't be that bad anyways, it must feel like a very long and eternal dream of nothingness so you shouldn't feel a thing and in case that rebirth is a thing it wouldn't be that bad I mean, it's a new chance to start over, with no thoughts or knowledge about your previous life and mistakes. This means that you can fuck it up again I know or that you can get a worst life than the one I have but it's a chance that is worth taking, at this point, anything is better than what I am. It's not even because of my family or lifestyle, because I know that it's pretty decent in comparison with the life of others but the real monster and curse lies within me, I just can't control my personality I mean, it's incredible hard to control my feelings, I'm always in the breaking point about to loose it again. If I'm not busy either working or studying then I'm depressed, because all I can think is on how such a looser I am. But anyways, that is me and I think that I've done a pretty good job hiding this pain and despair from others, I've met people that have said that I'm the happiest person they have ever met. I just hope to find the courage to make a decision and end it as soon as possible. The only think that I'm still think about is my family, I know that they don't deserve that shitty treatment and I know that if I do it (when I finally get to do it), they will be thorn apart, specially because they relay on my more than they should.

I've always thought about myself as the moon. I can light people's life, especially in the darkness but I don't have my own light.

-I apologize for the grammar, is not something that I care at the moment. 