The Story Of How I Overcame A Abusive RelationshipI'm a 13 y/o male and I am in 7th grade. Last year, I went through a abusive relationship which leaded me into depression and trying to kill myself twice. I met a girl in my 6th period math class. She had short brown hair and had pretty hazel eyes and was taller than me (I'm only 5'4) Sometime in late October she finally asked me out. I said yes and we fell in love. Things were perfect for about a month until I found out she was suicidal. After that, the relationship crumbled and we started fighting a lot. She had cuts up and down her arms and she started to get really defiant and aggressive. If things didn't turn out the way she wanted it to, she would fight the teachers and staff until she got her way. She said if I ever broke up with her she would kill my entire family and burn down my house. I knew she meant it because she had a knife to my throat at the time. She tried strangling her own my to death twice with her earbuds. She killed animals such as cats, mice, birds, or small dogs. She abused me occasionally by digging her fingernails into my hand or kicking the back of my leg until I had purple bruises. She told me that when I was over at her house she wanted to stab herself in the jugular with a razor blade (she gave me her razor blade that she cut herself with shortly after) at that point, I was ready to give up and commit suicide. In early November she tried to overdose on her sleeping medication (she had a seemingly unlimited amount of medication that she could overdose on at any given time) I vividly remember how hard I was crying and how I thought that she was doing this because of me. I told my mom and she was rushed to the hospital to get her stomach pumped. She tried drowning herself, slitting her wrists, overdose, and hanging herself from her balcony overlooking the lake that she lived on. She still goes to my middle school and I sometimes see her in the hallways. She had some sort of mental illness that made her like this (she said she could see black figures that tell her to kill herself) I am doing so much better now. I finally have a loving and beautiful girlfriend named Hailie and now starting to be a motivational speaker for my school to help kids with depression and that are suicidal.

Thank you for reading my story :)