I am ashamed i want to die but i don't want to talk to anyone about it. Please help meSorry of this is a genrric post or if my problems are too stupid compared to others'. 

I was raised in a relatively wealthy and loving family, but my parents are very old school and sharing feelings was always an unspoken taboo in our household. Not that it was prohibited, it was just not encouraged. I can't remember a single time my father or my mom were visibly sad or even angry. Being an armchair psychologist that i am ive deduced that my inability to show emotions to anyone including myself is because i am so used to seeing my parents (especially my father) shoving their feelings as deep as they possibly can.

This was ok until i was about 16 and some  "real life" problems started kicking in. Stress started piling on and the only emotion i was comfortable expressing was anger and because of that i didn't (still don't) have many friends and those that i do have are mostly sad angry idiots like me.

For the past three years however, my anxiety and sadness has gotten way worse. Me and my girlfriend of almost 5 years broke up and it hit me harder than i expected. She was the only one that understood that i was kinda fucked up and she was the only one willing to put up with me. She always tried to get me to talk about what i feel but i can't. It's hard to explain but it is physically hard for me to express what i feel and even harder to talk about it. I just cant help but cringe at myself when i try to talk. Even now as I'm writing this i try not to think about what im writing.

So long story short, first i started drinking every day (pretty sure my parents noriced but didnt say anything), then i started cutting myself (heard it was supposed to relieve the pain) but it didnt work for very long. And now every night im waiting for the right kind of sad to come to kill myself.

I know this will sound very stupid but I'm both ashamed that i dont just go and do it and ashamed that i cant deal with it on my own. I dont want to seek professional help because my parents either won't understand or worse, be ashamed of their parenting strategies and i know for sure they have enough baggage on their own.

I still talk to my ex girlfriend because i feel she is the only who understands me but she has her own life to live and i dont want her to see me as a creep who just doesnt let go. Which i honestly am because i still love her very much. 

There is a lot more to tell but this is the gist of it. 

Please, help me