lost and not knowing what to doi'm 17, male, from france and english is not my mother language so sorry for the very bad english and the lack of caps because i'm fucking tired.

i feel like an attention whore for this post because tehre are people with much more issues in their lifes than me and they deserve more attention. i don't even know if i'm really depressive or i'm making things up because my life is too "normal" but i can't speak of this to anyone because i don't want my relatives and firends to thraet me like i'm sick because i'm not

i don't know what to do i feel lost. i had suicidal thoughts since maybe 2 months they happen when i'm alone. the worse thing is that i' ve got close friends, my famiuly loves me, i'm not traumatised by rape/murder/insert terrible thing here. i also have good grades (première S, 17/20 this term for anyone familiar with the french system) but i feel like i don't deserve them, i'm always quiet in class, i never really participate, i don't work a lot at home while my firends work really hard and have maybe 14-15/20. i fear the future after high school, they want to send me to a prépa but i think i'll fail it because 'im not hardworking. i like physics and chemistry, people think i'm a fucking genius but i can't think with my brain, i just learn really fast and somehow i'm good. i want to work as a scientist but i'll probably won't find anything because i'm an idiot hiding behind good grades

then i had a TPE (basically a school project starting in october, you do this in groups of 3-4, you hand the paper in end march and the oral exam is this friday), i worked with 2 guys from my class they are close friends but i wasn't really friend with them (they are nice guys tho) but whatever, it's for work and all my close friends are in another class so i couldn't work with them. we choosed a subject but after 3-4 months we realized that one of us didn't like the sibject, whatever we changed it a bit, but as time goes on i was less and less motivated while my firends (and everyone in my class) became more and more motivated because the oral exam is this fucking week. i didn't do shit past december, i feel like i abandonned them and they feel this way too. my parents are really close to my education, they care a lot but for some eason i was too lazy being the autistic videogame player i am and didnn't told them, they will be really upset when they will find out what happenned. this exam also counts for my end school grade (baccalauréat) but they don't know about this.

at the moment i need to work on my presentation but i simply don't have the will so i'm shitposting on reddit and procastinating to avoid my duty

i don't have a girlfirend but i have a dick so i watch disgusting porn every evening, it's awful but it's one of the only things that give me pleasure. i'm disgusted by myself, i defend women's rights but in the same time i watch bondage shit on tumblr it's awful

i feel even my supposely close friends aren't so close with me, one of them had his birthday a month ago, he invited for his party maybe 6 guys from my group of friends but not me, and i don't know why

i could go on and on to explain why i'm being a hypocritical shit hiding being my good grades to avoid doing stuff but i'll stop here

i'm really disgusted by myself for posting this, i'm wasting your time with this awfully formatted rant but i needed to do this