I’m going to probably kill myself by the end of this week.Hello. I’ve been on a downhill spiral since March. It hasn’t seemed to end and it’s just getting worse. I thought my life was getting better around 2018. But the pandemic changed everything. I lost everything overnight. 

I didn’t get a college graduation (as a first gen American and abuse survivor this was devastating). I lost my job, my friends, the life I made for myself these past two years away from my hometown. 

This loss as minuscule as it sounds triggered a lot of my childhood trauma. And I’m remembering a lot of things and feeling a lot of pain I didn’t feel before and I can’t handle it. I got depressed but at least I still had my boyfriend who I love very much. 

But wait for it. I think I realized I’m a lesbian. And it physically hurts my soul to think that I’ll have to live the rest of my life without my boyfriend. Along with a lot of childhood trauma I’m currently processing, I started getting these random flashbacks to my childhood that made me realize oh shit I’m probably a major lesbian and never realized it eventhough I’ve never had romantic/sexual feelings for a woman irl. Like I am probably deeeeeply repressed and I didn’t know. As it feels like my brain finally broke. I can’t handle it. It’s not even the fact that I’m probably a lesbian that bothers me. I just can’t handle it. I don’t want to lose my boyfriend. I sound stupid I swear to god. But I’m not going into details. But my brain officially broke. 

My family can’t take me anymore. I started therapy but I know my problem will never change. Everything of is out of my control. I can’t control this. I’m losing my shit. I don’t want to process trauma that my own parent inflicted onto me. I’m tired of fighting. I’m done. I have no more fight left to give. I fought so much to make something of myself and find happiness and the moment I dared to hope it was all taken away. And I realized my whole life...my whole sense of self was a lie. And that has fucked me up. I can’t. 

I don’t want to traumatize my sisters. I love them so much. I don’t want to fuck up my boyfriend. He has a family member that committed suicide and he deals with depression. But I just can’t. I can’t live without him, I can’t live with myself or my reality now. Who the hell am I? Like what? It’s just one thing after the next.

I spent two weeks isolating myself. And the suicidal feeling only increase with intensity. It gets more intense. I started testing it out with a charging cord choking myself little by little until I can literally see my own heartbeat. 

I know if I tell the therapist I’m suicidal I’ll get sent to a hospital and my life will be more ruined. 

My plan is to kill myself like this...choking myself not hanging myself in an hotel room. But I’m gonna say goodbye to everyone these next couple of days. I feel really bad for my therapist cause none of his clients have committed suicide. I might just be the first. 

I don’t want my family to find my body. But I can’t just wait to die or to get in an accident. I can’t live anymore. I’m tired. There’s no hope. I’m always right about assuming the worst case scenario. The one time I dated to hope and form my life it blew up in my face. I just can’t do it anymore. It’s so painful. I’m done. Just done.