Just needing someone to be there...anyone.I will try and make a long story short. It's been rough. I was verbally and physically abused by my mother most of my life and molested when I was 11. I've attempted to kill myself before but I always ended up riding it out due to school, or not wanting to make a "mess."
Things were looking up for a while. I went to live with my dad and his new wife in another city and got away from my mother.
Turns out said step mother was bi-polar and unmediated with strong hints of denial. She'd accuse me of stealing things that were usually only misplaced. The house was filthy half the time due to her mild hoarding tendencies but Arceus forbid if I tried to clean. She would get furious and say I ruined her "area" and how she can't find anything. It went off and on like this for four years. I struggled mightily between home and school.
She ended up having a kid, and developed some rather severe postpartum depression from what I can tell. I do feel bad for her. She was mentally ill and I probably was a snot myself at times I guess. Dad ended up being a bump on the log half the time.
But my sister, she was such a light in my life. She helped me in the next three years of high school. Sure, I had to sacrifice a lot of time for her and even missed Prom but it was with it. I love that little girl.
Then graduation came. She made it known that I wouldn't be welcome there anymore because she felt I threatened her relationship with her daughter and that I was a bad example due to my homosexual tendencies as well.(I gained a girlfriend at the time.)
So I said fine.
I gathered up most of my possessions and packed early. Sold off some D&amp;D books from the Advanced Edition I inherited from my Uncle, and got some money together. I graduated, they kicked me out. I was happy yet sad.
I wonder sometimes what my sister is doing. It makes me cringe. I only hope my dad is helping her.
I moved back down to my hometown and got a job. I worked for a good while. Costco.
I got into a pretty popular MMO(not WoW or GW) and played it. Made some friends. Went on hiatus and played again. During this time my girlfriend moved out of state to work with her family job, so I absorbed into the game even more to distract me. I made so many fantastic friends.
Where am I now? Well.
My girlfriend cheated. She had been cheating for months and only bothered to mention it when she found out she was pregnant. I was horrified. Haven't answered calls from her since.
As for my game, most of the people in there turned into jerks or went sour, as with most things online. I do have a few left, including someone I care for very much but life is suddenly overwhelming.
I lost my job and next month I must have one or be officially screwed.
I am sorry for the super long rant but I needed to get it off my chest and the anxiety is seriously starting to crush me.
I don't want to be alone. But I very much feel that way. I just want to curl into a ball and die. It would be better than the humiliation of getting evicted or having to beg for charity. My pride will not allow that. I hope I can get a job before then but if I don't I am seriously considering just cutting myself from the world.
I'm sorry this wasn't a short version at all it appears.

*TL;DR Getting evicted soon unless I find a job, many years of crap piling up. Really just wanna kill myself at this point but am confused ...*

Just having someone say "It's okay, I'm here" would be nice.