I'm invisible, irrelevant, may as well be a ghostA lady is texting asking what's wrong, I can talk about it. I know these days though this isn't true. I feel trapped with my thoughts, my feelings, because I know no one cares enough to listen. I can't believe the people I opened up to, the people I let into my life, how horrible they were. Just absolutely horrible horrible people like you wouldn't believe. And I try to get help, I try to get therapy, therapy only makes me feel worse though because yet again here I am opening up to someone who doesn't care and I hate that I cried once in front of a therapist and she just regarded me as a nuisance, I am not exaggerating in this regard. I don't know what to do anymore. Last time I was hospitalized I thought it was helping, but they left me hung out to dry, I was hoping they would help me connect to a therapist. I mean first day I was there I didn't get to speak to someone until 9:30 pm, I was all day, itching wishing I could talk to someone bc of some pretty horrific things that happened earlier that day, it was all day waiting. I mean and the in take also, I said I have a tendency to isolate myself - and she wrote down "he says he isolates himself, but then he also says he has a roommate" as though I were lying, as though I were making it up. I honestly don't ever talk to my roommate. I've seen him like 2 in the six months we've lived here. I can't believe that's how I get regarded when I try to get help. When I try to reach out, I feel so hopeless, I don't know who to turn to, I don't know where to turn to, I'm so fucking trapped, I'm so unimportant, it doesn't matter anyways to the rest of the world and that is what gets me the most, I know the world will continue on unchanged if I went away, not even my family knows me, they know nothing about me. I don't know what to do anymore. I'm so lost. This is a complete nightmare. I feel like I'm in Hell. How can things get this nightmarish. I don't want to commit suicide. I just really don't want to live either. I don't like feeling like this. I hate the dreams I have and not be able to tell anyone about them. I feel so small.