Today I imagined how I will commit a suicide on New Year nightMy life may look perfect to you. I'm 30 years old, working in tech industry in top tier company with good salary, recently was promoted. I know that I can find new better job in a day if I want to. Recently I bought an expensive condo in downtown and have enough savings to solve not-anticipated financial problems.

I am living in foreign country, all my relatives are thousands miles away. I have only one friend and never had a girlfriend. The loneliness destroyed me mentally from inside over last year.

I'm suffering from a deep depression and derealization, receiving treatment for last 4 months. Was working with 2 different psychiatrists, tried bunch of different medications without any signs of improvement.

I had suicidal thoughts for a while but they seemed to be manageable and did not bother me a lot. It was rather a curiosity.

Couple of weeks ago I told my friend as a joke that if nothing changes in 2 months (by New Year), I’ll have to figure out something, meaning maybe moving to other country (but internally I also thought about suicide).

Tonight I was feeling significantly worse than ever and I figured that I won’t get better by the NY, and thought about how I will end it. In my imagination I went upstairs to the rooftop, stepped over the rail, thought about what I’m doing, spread hands like a bird, closed my eyes and stepped forward… I imagined that a few seconds I’ll be falling down and then everything will end. I reviewed this situation ever and ever again, thought about when I should do it so nobody can see me, what happens if someone will try to stop me….

It felt so real and scary. I got tachycardia, feeling of lump in my throat, had trouble breathing. I never was so scared in my life and not even because of this experience but because NY is getting closer and closer and I don’t anticipate any solution to my problem. I don't want to end it like this but I don’t want it to keep going.

I tried to calm down, went for a walk outside and come back to the office. I tried to get in touch with my friend but he seems to be busy tonight. Its 9PM and I’m afraid to go home.