Depression has robbed me of abnormal lifeAnd it will continue to do so. 
I can't become close to anyone. I can't feel comfortable with anyone no matter how hard I try. 

My whole life has been fucked up by people who enjoy hurting me for no reason. I don't get it. Why me? I didn't do anything. I was just trying to be a fucking kid and I couldn't because my dad was always there to make me tell myself that I'm worthless. All I wanted was a normal childhood and his abuse robbed me from it. Why couldn't I have had parents that loved me... maybe then I wouldn't be so fucked up. Maybe I wouldn't be so fucked up if all those men didn't rape and hurt me and mentally abuse me. 

I've been crying all day just thinking about how lonely I am and how hopeless I feel. No one has ever loved me. No one has ever made me feel safe.

I just want someone who won't leave me and someone who will make me feel safe. That's all I ever wanted. The guy I love continues to use me and will soon leave my life. He just used me for his own benefit. He never cared. I considered him my best friend and he treats me like shit and always has. Why pick me to use. Why pick me to destroy? I'm already fucked up. I wish he would've chosen someone else to do this to. Why does everyone leave.. why am I impossible to love? 

I have absolutely no trust in anyone. Im scared of everyone. I'm just thinking about how nice it would be to slit my wrists and just slowly bleed out. 

I'm too depressed to study. I'm too depressed to get up to eat. There's no point in continuing. I will never experience love. I will never experience a kind hand or comfort. My whole life I have been so uncomfortable, so scared and so hopeless.

I really need to end it sometime soon. this can't continue. I'm in constant pain and absolutely nothing will help. The memories of the traumas of my past are never out of my mind. They keep haunting me and I'm sick of it. I just want to die. I want to wait for a weekend where he goes out of town and just slash my wrists in the bathtub and bleed out. I'll write a letter on the door to call 911 so no one has to see. 

Maybe then people will realize that it's not okay to hurt or use others. Maybe then the people who've hurt me will finally realize what they've done is wrong. And I'll finally be free from all this pain. I hate myself so much. I hate this life. I hate how terrible people are surrounded with so much love and I have none when I have always put others before me.

Life is shit. I'm so tired of it. I hope I'll get the courage to end it all soon. 

