Feeling suicidal even when “things get better”.Hey reddit, I’m really depressed and feeling suicidal. If you can take a moment to read this and might suggest anything it might help a lot.. thank you otherwise. 

I was diagnosed when I was 12 years old with clinical depression and later on in life with PTSD too since of traumatic events in my military serving years which stopped around 3-4 years ago, I’m a F/ 25. 
I’m in a condition which I can’t work, and I can’t contribute financially (at least not anytime soon..) because of my mental health problems, which I’m taking care of today. My boyfriend, the person I see a future with, take care of us. I used to hold my feelings until I met him and he’s the one I stayed here still until today. I’ve tried to suicidal a couple of times in the past, and today I just try to contribute in our relationship in any other way I can and I think he knows it too. He’s the love of my life and always been there for me taking care of us. Recently he told me I’m smothering him too much. I didn’t saw it coming since I know I give him a lot of a time to himself, but he told me that even if he with he’s phone next to me for an hour it’s still feels like he “with me” so he don’t ever feel like he have enough time for he’s own. He likes the affection but needs time alone a lot more since he’s introvert. I’ve always felt like I’ve been an introvert too so I know and understand this feeling. I’m drawing a lot giving him plenty of time alone but it’s not enough for him and we didn’t had sex in days at this point.. we both moved to a new place and he don’t have friends and I feel like he feel depressed because of it, I want to help but I don’t know how. For me, both of us is enough since he’s my best friend and that’s all I need. I actually prefer just us since I don’t trust people anyways besides him and I feel like everything else is a lot of work and I just prefer to focus on us because this is what matters.

I was fighting with depression all my life and can get really over dramatic and feeling immediately on the edge over anything. a year ago a friend of mine which used to be my best friend for 3 years made a suicide. I live right now in a different place completely disconnected from everyone I knew including my family. I’m trying to feel belong here as much as I can. I only recently started to grief since I got more time with myself. I’ve dealt with huge grief a year before too when I had to put my dog down since of old age and I had him for 14 years, he’s been with me during all the difficult years. I cope with everything I can, but I feel really suicidal still and I feel guilty for it too. I don’t want to do anything “stupid” to not make my boyfriend worried. I’m afraid to lose him even tho he says that he is always going to be here no matter what. I try to put a lot of effort in our relationship and know it’s a constant work. 

I do see a future finally in my life since I have him, so I work on myself for it trying to not ever give up anymore. But the thoughts always come back and it’s almost feels “bigger” than me, almost like I’m sick and can’t get better. Overcoming my self esteem feels impossible, since I hate what I see in a mirror and I have this problem since I remember myself honestly. I always was doing crazy water fast diets in the past and can’t wear dresses or short sleeves clothes since I hate how I look in it. I wear mostly black sport clothes. I was dealing with anorexia and bulimia in my teen years and my boyfriend convinced I have body dysmorphia still.. But what he doesn’t know is that I just want to be in the best version of myself for him so he will never go away.. well at least I hope so. I know how stupid and childish it sounds.. he truly brings me happiness and I don’t want to lose him.

I don’t know why I’m like this and I feel like I’m loosing my mind. I feel out of energy a lot and I just thinking really suicidal. I’m just tired. Maybe he will be better off without my crazy mind..

I recently started to feel good vibes too, I know I’m talented enough to follow my dreams and accomplish them (and this knowledge only came recently) so that’s what I do now, and I would never been able to admit I was talented before. Now seeing people offering to actually pay me way more than I ever thought for my artworks is such a good feeling. I feel like I can do it. All of sudden concept art doesn’t feel so far. So I feel like I go forward and there can be a great future. Life seems like it can be very manageable, yet still anything can bring me to the edge and will immediately feel like I want to commit suicide and I can’t deal anymore. 


Will the suicidal thoughts go away eventually, even if “things gets better?” Did someone “won” and overcome this for the long run? It’s been years and it’s always comes back somehow and I feel guilty for the people who cares about me. I do fight each day tho. I feel confused, and everything triggers me and makes me feel real dark when it happens. I can’t control it. Just feeling really on the edge a lot and I’m tired of this.