Please just let it be overAlright time to vent because I’ve been bottling shit up for weeks and I have no one that I trust in my life to talk about at least not anymore. If you’re here for coherent thought probably not going to find it here. 

I seriously don’t even know what I’m doing anymore I’ve been scraping through university I actually have more fails then passes at this point and I’m in my second year. Pretty sure I’ve failed every subject this semester and I didn’t need to. But I can’t help myself I’m self-sabotaging I destroy my life every single fucking time I get it back on track…. Every time.  

Finally got a great bunch of friends is that what you called them? I think more of them are acquaintances. The one friend I thought would have my back when shit got rough didn’t well no surprise there so much for equality. If she has a problem I was always there for her to talk to but when I’m spiralling into a dark place is she ever there for me? No of course not why would she be I’m obviously not worth the time so fuck her and her friendship. I’m your close friend when I need support but if you need it I’m not even going to try and talk to you. Seriously fuck friendships I’m so done. 

So I’ll probably fail this course no surprise I don’t really have the personal aptitude for university or this career path but then what sure failing university isn’t the end of the world but I think it should be at least for me. The thought of existence without purpose drives me crazy if I fail what am I supposed to do? Go find some shitty as job so I can pay bills to live a mundane existence alone? Why fucking bother I’d rather just go kill myself and if it comes that point I think I might actually have the balls to pull it off. I’ve always been a coward because there’s always some glimmer of hope but fuck it I don’t care anymore everything I do is pointless. 

I just spent two weeks ignoring the world and now I’ve re-emerged I know every I knew thinks of me differently. They don’t know what it’s like judgemental ass-holes getting everything in life handed to them on a silver platter. 

I just want it to end this life of mine its not worth enduring any longer all is for naught. 
