I’ve ruined yet another friendship and I’m ready to give upI think I’m ready to just give up 

I’ve always been a mess of a person and this week I’ve once again fucked everything up 

I’ve never had any meaningful relationship (only ever had one girlfriend and that didn’t last long) and never been able to keep friends. I do the same thing every time I meet someone and become close to them 

I become far to clingy, overly attached and become overbearing and try to hard, and eventually I push them away. It has happened before and now it’s happened again

I never mean any harm. I’m just a sad lonely person who wants a friend but then I always take things to far. I’m insecure and worry about every little thing and get paranoid about everything and overthink everything and it’s killing me. It causes problems with everyone I love and eventually I take things too far 

For the last year or so I’ve only had one friend, a girl I work with. I think the world of her and, like I said, became very attached to her. I put a lot of pressure on her and depended on her a lot. She has a boyfriend but I’ve honestly never wanted anything more than to be friends, but obviously I’ve become too much. I’ve never ever meant any harm or to cause any trouble. I never meant to upset or worry anyone

The two of use worked together as a team of two for months and I loved it. However a couple of months ago she was swapped with someone else in work and I basically lost the plot. I’m never going to defend myself or the way I’ve acted but that’s the point. I threw tantrums, did things for attention, didn’t want to work with anyone else, all because I was too attached to her. I’ve acted up a lot and I’ve upset my friend and caused her stress. She knows about me self harming and having suicidal thoughts and broke down in front of me saying she’s terrified and that she’d blame herself if anything happened

Last week my supervisor spoke to our manager about it and now I’m being told that I’m not good for my friend  and that her boyfriend isn’t happy (I completely understand) and I’ve been told that outside communication needs to stop and there needs to be boundaries, so not sounds like they are telling me I can’t be mates with the only friend I’ve got 

She text me herself saying that she just wants my tantrums to stop and wants us to go back to being mates and having a laugh. She said her boyfriend wants her to block me but she doesn’t want that and just wants to be happy and joke around like we used to. She said she doesn’t want to stop texting outside work or working together because doesn’t want to lose me as a friend (which obviously I don’t want either). But how can we do that it the others we work with are telling me there needs to be boundaries? I’ve ducked up like no always do and now nothing is going to be the same. Even if she is ok and wants to be friends, I’m now worried that the others are going to try to separate us and keep me away from her 

I completely understand that this is all my fault and that’s the problem. I’ve done this before and I know I’ll do it again. I meet someone, get far too attached to that person and then eventually fuck it up. I ruin every friendship I have just because I go to far and I can’t keep doing it 

I’m ready to just give up. I can’t keep living like this. But now I’m worried that my friend will blame herself if I kill myself and that’s always been the reason why I haven’t. Because I don’t want to upset my family and I don’t want them blaming themselves and now I’ve got to worry about her blaming herself 

But the selfish side of me just wants this to end