Proud of myself but still absolutely dejected and wanting hugs, words, love, and supportA little quick backstory: I've been actively suicidal for about 5yrs now. I attempted 3xs and before I could finally do it right, my doctor saved me. When my insurance ran out, the suicidal ideations came back and I've struggled so hard for the last 3yrs. I've had so many suicidal ideations with plans, but would cope by utilizing negative destructive coping mechanisms.   


This year was awful. I was used by a guy who treated me like absolute garbage. When I would feel suicidal and call him for support, he would literally say to me: "I don't want to fucking hear it, don't come to me with that shit, go call someone who wants to hear it, call a doctor, I have nothing to say about it." Of course that just made things even worse but stupid me was so in love with him I couldn't detach myself. He'd break up with me every other weekend and then we'd get back together with him always promising me he'd actually put effort into our "relationship", he's done with his ex, bla bla bla. He wasn't and he's lied all the time. 

There were so many times I nearly ended my life - not just over him - but bc my life just sucks! No job, no source of income, tons of student loan debt, living at home at my age (40) and not getting along with my parents bc they treat me like I'm 12, and now being treated like absolute shit by someone I was madly in love with who completely fooled me into thinking he had feelings for me, too, when all along he was using me. I can't count how many times I had a plan and was ready but I would sob myself into exhaustion and sleep then do a bunch of self-destructive stuff to deal until I could get my hands on whatever my plan involved.

Well, December has always been my favorite f\*cking year of the month for no reason at all. The one month out of the year I oddly feel really happy for no reason at all. I always look forward to December! Only this year it sucked bc I was still with that jerk. He'd invite me to go fishing with him, his brother and sister-in law on Saturdays. We'd go to the store and he'd have me buy stuff to share like 2 boxes of soda and snacks. I'd leave it at his place bc we'd be leaving from there anyway. Then the day before the trip, he'd pick a fight w me, break up with me, and he'd go fishing taking all the stuff I bought and they'd enjoy it all. He'd always roll his eyes and say it's not like he can't replace it, but he never did. The kicker was that he received my super expensive Christmas presents (nearly $300 worth), I know he really liked the stuff bc it's what he wanted, he acknowledged receiving my gifts, and it took him an entire day to say, "uhh thanks." in an extremely forced awkward way. After that, he dumped me..... on Instagram...... He blamed it on me, but I called him out on it. Doesn't matter bc in his twisted head he's already justified it that it's all my fault as usual. But this time he admitted that he's not happy and doesn't want to deal with me when there's plenty of other "broads" out there. He made such a fuss about me having some of his clothes that he GAVE me claiming I stole them- 3 zip up hoodies that he said I could have bc they had holes in them and he just bought 3 more to replace them, 2 shirts that he said he never wears and never will bc it's not his style, and 1 sweatpants that he said was perfect for me bc it's way too small for him and doesn't fit him. I returned them in a box without contacting or seeing him. He texted "Thanks for the (box emoji)", meanwhile he has $60 worth of my things at his place that I know I'm never getting back bc he's using them for himself and giving it away to his brother. Right now he's full of life and telling everyone I exhausted him and was suffocating him this whole time when he was the one who was absolutely awful to me and used me for his convenience . But it still feels like crap to hear things like that, you know? Some of his friends know I didn't do anything wrong, but it is what it is. On top of that, his ex is still harassing me! I don't even get why!!! I'm not even in the picture anymore, but she got a hold of my email address by going through his email account MONTHS ago (she's a psycho obsessed manipulative bitch) and she keeps sending me weird stuff: sooooo many blank emails from multiple made up accounts, registers me for random sites where women strip for guys through webcam, registers me for so much spam, and on and on! I know it's her bc I've never received so much retarded stuff to my email account until she got a hold of it. Literally after that, it's been blowing up with stupid shit; she thinks she's so slick but she's really stupid. It was a really really sh\*tty Christmas this year. I didn't get a single present or card and I spent it alone. But I'm proud of myself bc for once, I didn't have that innate urge to kill myself. I feel like I'm getting stronger. I'm hurting insanely crazy and life still definitely sucks, but for the first time, the thought didn't even cross my mind! I guess I just didn't know who/where to turn to about this bc it doesn't feel like anyone understands the struggle.

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR - This jackass made my year miserable and I always wanted to kill myself all year long bc it was so tumultuous (I've been suicidal but he amplified it A LOT). He ruined the best month of the year for me knowing this is my favorite month and he kicked me out of his life after receiving my $300 Christmas gifts to him. But for the first time ever, with all the crappy stuff going on in my life, suicide didn't cross my mind and I'm so proud of myself! I'm still in a lot of emotional pain and wish I had support but I don't know who to turn to so I thought I'd post here.