just a vent about a situation i was in (trigger warning attempting suicide)so its my birthday, im 16 which yeah its great i survived this long but its also the 3 year anniversary of a "truamatic" event. my "friend" attempted suicide, and they ended up blaming it on me, and telling all my friends that i told them to kill themselves. Even though i stayed up all night trying to talk them out of it an having panic attacks every other minute when they didnt answer me for a day. so i messaged their friends asking if they heard from them and messaging that friend and i was so scared that they were dead i said "please tell me this is a joke" because i would rather their attempt be a lie than them actually doing it and having it be my fault, because they were sending me how many pills they were taking in the way of "just took my first pill, now i took my third" things like that and i was desperate to stop them so i said i would hurt myself if they did it and i was actually self harming about this too so they texted me "i told my mom" so i got scared that they told their mom that i was self harming so i lied to them and said it was all a lie and i never actually hurt myself (even though i did i just didnt want their mom to call mine) i regret that so much now and feel terrible that i said that, but they also knew i had trauma with people commiting suicide and me having to try to talk them out of it. so yeah i take a lot of the blame for what i said and how that night went down but they told everyone i told them to kill themselves when i never ever said that, and then i lost like 6 friends because of them and ended up being cyber bullied. the next day i saw them at school and they came up to me with the nerve to say "im sorry, can we still be friends?" bitch no, they knew they were triggering me, they knew what they were doing and they came to school the next day acting like everything is fucking fine. yes that whole night was my fault, i made everything worse i know that, i accept that its my fault, but part of it is their fault too. and they didnt apologize for any of it. i know it was 3 years ago and i should just get over it but this day just brings up a lot of feelings and memories ive tried to hide. so im sorry that i hurt them, i really am i shouldnt have said a lot of those things, but i did and i cant take that back, and they hurt me too and refuse to aknowlegde that.