I have no future and it's killing me.(First off, I'm using a throwaway account just to keep anyone I know from seeing this.)

For a little background, I'm 26 years old. I graduated college two years ago with a pretty average GPA in International Studies. I wasn't sure what kind of career I wanted, but I knew I wanted to travel the world and figured that might open some doors.


All throughout my life, I've had horrible depression and anxiety, but I managed to push forward by being fairly isolated and taking a lot of online classes. 


I had some part time jobs with minimal social interaction but I've never held a job for more than 6 months. I don't get fired or anything, I usually just panic and bail. Upon graduating, I decided to take a job teaching English in Japan. It was working alright for a while, but the anxiety started taking it's toll. I lost about 40 pounds and got huge, dark circles under my eyes. I started having stomach issues daily (I'll spare you the details, but think "flu at it's worst").


Upon coming back to the US, I decided to go to the hospital to get my health checked out and find out what's wrong with my stomach. Over the year, I've had a few minor surgeries until my shitty small town doctors finally admitted that whatever I have is beyond their knowledge and they referred me to a hospital 3 hours away next month. I will never be able to afford it.


Abruptly coming back to the US, I had no insurance. I hadn't found a job, either. My only choice was to enroll in financial aid at the hospital. The hospital flat out told me that if I had any sort of income I would be dropped from the financial aid entirely, paying everything out of pocket.  So, I haven't worked in a year.
Eventually, they found out that my intestine has deformations along with a bunch of other things. They put me on disability, which isn't much considering I never paid towards social security. It's enough for rent and a little leftover. But I still can't work until this has finished.


And, even if I get out of this, I'm going to have a massive gap on my resume. Not only that, but my company in japan isn't going to give me any sort of good reference after leaving after 6 months. I have a degree, but no experience, no references, and an awful resume that makes it look like I'm 26 and have never held a real job.
In the past year I lost my health, my career, my girlfriend of a few years, and anything I may have had resembling a normal life. I don't really see it getting better either.


I'm in therapy, but it isn't doing anything. Neither are the meds. I don't necessarily want to kill myself, but I don't see any reason going on. There isn't anything there for me. Best case scenario, I'm a lonely bum from now on. I can't even be social. I hate being that one jobless guy of the group... the welfare bum. I'm sure as hell not finding another girl like this either.


I just don't see any future at all. I'm not sure what else to say. 