Reddit - How can I/we help her through hardship? [Adverting suicide... This is not a joke...]Here's a call for help.

A few months ago, I was going through some hardship when I decided to finally turn to reddit.

I made a post, sat back, and waited. It didn't take long for me to realize that no one was going to be respond to be to offer any form of advice or reassurance that things were going to be OK. It was enough to weigh me down even more.

I ended up searching through the newer posts and I came acros someone else who was having a really rough time too. I reached out to her and we spent the past three months talking to each other. We really, really get along - but we live inconveniently far away. I guess hardship, being close in age (mid 20s), among other things, made it easier to trust and confide in each other.

She's among the most interesting people I've met. This pretty lady works so hard but finds her current situation absolutely dreadful and I absolutely feel for her. When you start to lose, or have already lost, any sense of belonging, etc. 

She's helped me so much in trying to overcome my issues, though I still have such a long way to go - I feel horrible about myself. My situation's being awful, but that's my subjective opinion.
She's been so optimistic, caring, kind, compassionate... I could go on. But I care about her, and I know she needs help now.

Again, we've been talking for a few months and I am scared for her. I know how great this site and its supporting group can be and so I'm reaching out to anyone who lives in Minnesota; perhaps around the Bloomington/Edina/Burnsville areas. She loves music (indie, rock, etc.) and loves being active and exploring. I'm convinced she secretely wishes she could be so much more spontaneous. Unfortunately, her last message to me was explicit - no details, but she is not in a good place.

That's all I've got for now, I'm really hoping there's a good/friendly group of people around...

Best regards,


A friend that really cares.
