Trapped/Suicidal. How? You guessed it. Money.I have another account that I often browse with but it’s connected to my emails and usernames I use on other sites, so I made this. 

If this ends up too long I’ll add a TL;TR at the end. 

Recently finished a degree. Got a basic job so I can save for a flat before applying for a Masters degree in 2018. I’ve suffered from major anxiety issues for about 7 years, mainly because I was always quite outgoing and confident, then my teeth became overcrowded, sucking the life out of my confidence. 

But anyway, the current issue is that just as I was getting on my feet financially and being able to dream about finally starting my life properly and paying to get my teeth fixed, my mother has pulled me into an inescapable mire. 

She’s racked up £££, and counting, in rent arrears, not to mention she can’t afford to pay her incoming rent (due to issues that aren’t really relevant here). 

This has left me in a position where all my monthly wage goes towards keeping her from being homeless, which has taken away my first real chance to make a real life for myself. 

There is absolutely no way out of this situation. I’ve spoken to relevant departments and benefits experts, but ultimately all roads lead to my life being ruined for as long as she lives. 

She raised me, I know, and I don’t hold a grudge against her. But I’m older than I’d like to admit and it has taken me so long to get to where I am, with what seemed to be real opportunities ahead of me. Now my life exists to work an uninspiring job, with zero confidence and anxiety issues that are off the charts. 

If I lived in the US I’d buy a gun and end it. Too scared to do the pills/whisky thing, too scared to do anything else really. 

And as much as people will say things will get better, they can’t. I’m completely trapped in this situation, a situation I can’t handle for much longer.


TL;TR: After a long, long time I finally got my life on the right path, had a plan to tackle my anxiety and a clear plan to move on with my life. Suddenly my mother tells me she owes £££ in rent arrears and will be made homeless if I don’t pay her rent and set up a payment plan for the arrears. It’s taken me longer than I’d care to admit, even online, to get to a stage in my life where I could finally move forward but the moment it appeared it’s been taken from me. Suicide appears to be my only option because as selfish as it sounds, I need to progress with my life and after all this time, energy and work, I can’t do that. It’s over for me. 

Appreciation to anybody who even scanned this post. And to the Mods, if this is in the wrong place, I apologise. 