This may be my last year or two on earth. Right when I see what’s really important it’s too late. I wish I would’ve seen it sooner.I might be on my way out. Either this year or the next. If my fate ends up on the worse end of the spectrum and my emotions get the best of me this year then it’ll be this year. If not, I’ll write my memoir and then i go out. I have hopes of this becoming a screen play, because it’ll be acted out accordingly. It may not be the first if it’s kind but it will spoken about for at least a year. My life after 26 has been for the most part, horrible. I made the dumb decision of having a child with a single mother who was definitely not for me and from that point in my life has been a living hell. Everything I held dear vanished in front of me. Family, friends, ohhh and let’s not forget that money. Not only was I super naive, I let that lead me into the lair of deceit so confusing, by the time I realized what it was it was too late. Now don’t get me wrong, my child is wonderful and I love them but their mom is not so wonderful. I’m not gonna sit here and say that I’m perfect; but I’ll never curse him for being here. Why is it that after the fact we understand? Hindsight is always 20/20. They say that behind every strong man is a strong woman. These days im starting to believe that saying more and more. Even though with these words I may sound weak to some. And it’s not just for men; because if a strong woman has a strong man behind her or in front of her, then she’ll benefit as well. If you have a toxic and childish spouse with more baggage than cargo space, it’ll drag you down; believe me. And it’ll be your fault for allowing that mess into your path. I regret it everyday, every second, every waking moment. I wish my child had a better mom. And maybe after reading this some of you may think they deserves a better father; well so what. I won’t be here anyways to challenge that opinion so keep it. I’ve made some grave mistakes in my life and ironically they’ve led me to my grave faster than I can ever imagine. There’s no excuse that would be accepted; but it might be understood. I’m human. I took on a challenge that I could no longer bare and I was being sucked dry. All my resources all of my energy; and for what? An attitude, ungratefulness, leeching, callousness, petty jealousy, non-reciprocity. When I actually started to put my foot down, I might as well have been throwing the boulder up a hill so it could roll back down onto my back. I should’ve left when I had the chance. Looking at my life from those first moments, I cry at how ignorant I was and how I thought I knew so much, pushing away my family who tried to guide me. I let insecurities push me into being recklessness which led me down a darker path. A path I’ve become bitter rivals with. A path that has thrown nothing but suffering my way and it was of my own doing. I’m so ashamed. The last act of selfishness I did for my own sanity and to move on is why I’m speaking on this platform today. However this turns out, I know I could’ve lived life differently and more productively. If I was given the chance I’d take it this time but something tells me that I’ve used all the chances I can. There’s nothing left for me depending on the culmination of this year. I’ve never listened to my gut before but in this case it’s telling me it’s over for me. So it’s either a big exit this year or next year with a crescendo build up. I know i sound crazy, but I brought myself here. It’s my fault. I wish it was just a bad dream I could wake up from but it’s not. I can’t pinch myself enough.