I feel like I have nothingThrowaway for reasons that should be obvious. I should also preface this by saying I'm 16, and this whole thing is probably just hormones rearing their ugly heads once more. I don't even really know why I'm posting this here. Just nice to get it off my chest, I suppose.

I've recently been feeling helpless and alone. Well, I can't say recently; I've been this way on some level since about four years ago. But it's gotten worse than ever the past few weeks. I don't know why I feel the way I do, but I just want it to be over.

I've lost all motivation. Things that used to excite me now incite no emotional response. And while I used to love going to school every morning and did so as early as possible, I find myself having to force myself out of bed every morning and I end up getting there on the borderline of tardiness.

I have no self-esteem or sense of worthiness; getting compliments, no matter who they come from or what the compliment is about, always makes me feel uncomfortable.

I'm a constant perfectionist, viciously attacking myself every time I do something that I realize could have been done better and feeling a searing anger whenever someone corrects or criticizes me.

I'm so socially awkward, it hurts. I can't talk to people in public. I'd rather die than be confrontational about anything. Everything I do and say is based off the innate desire to not want to inconvenience anyone else (though when others show that same courtesy to me, I tend to mentally shrug them off as wasting their time).

I have no special talents. I don't have any foreign languages to speak, musical instruments to play, interesting stories to tell, etc. Nothing about me stands out. I'm nobody.

Best part is that I have no one to talk to about any of this. My dad walked his way out of my life when I was about three or four years old, my relationship with my mom has lately deteriorated into essentially nothing, all of my siblings have their own lives and families to worry about, and I have no close friends. Living the American dream.

As stated before, the thought of suicide has been present for a few years now, but I've never tried to act on it. I came really close a few weeks ago; luckily, a half-hour long chat with a nice lady at the suicide hotline stopped that from happening.

I want to feel better again. I want to be happy. Not the fake, overly-hyper type of happy I put on as a show for my classmates every day, but a genuinely sincere happiness. I just want to love myself, and feel loved, again. But more than anything, I want peace - to not have to worry about anything anymore.