Well, I said I would be back here, if not for her then for myself...Not too long ago I made [a post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/fig94/losing_so_hopeless_situation_dont_know_what_to_do/) about my girlfriend of five years. It was a long distance relationship that we both fought hard to maintain, making trips back and forth over the years and ultimately we were finally to move in together once things got sorted.

Shortly after that post, things got better, we did our usual online things, we laughed, we loved, and everything seemed fine. She brought up that her family was moving and she was quitting her job as a result and I had hope that she would get out of that rut and we could finally get back to normal...until she completely and utterly abandoned me.

The day she left, she stopped responding to my calls, my texts, and left me with no other method of contact. The only reason I even know she is alive is because she barely responded to my one pleading text to know at least that much. At this point, I'm not sure I even want to know that anymore. I was silent for days, and then the questions came, and I kept asking her how she could do this, why, any fucking reason at all, and she won't even give me the courtesy of a honest goodbye or a proper answer. So here I'm left, five years of my life crushed, utterly betrayed, with more questions than answers. I don't know what to do, I don't know how I'm supposed to fucking function in life like this. She was the only one in this world I trusted, and she goes and does this. It's been nearly a week now. I have to be at work in four hours and I have no idea how I'm going to fucking keep it together in front of other people let alone perform my job like this. I'm shattered.

Update1: And things only get worse. I called her house line, she must have forgotten I had it. I always kept it just in case even though we never used it, because being so far away, if something happened to her, the only people I would have to reach out to would be her family. As I feared, they picked up. She never moved, nobody moved. I asked where she was and all I could find out even before identifying myself was that she went away on a long trip and they don't know when she will be back. So not only has she abandoned me, but she lied and cheated on me as well. I should be fucking furious and all I can do is break down in tears, because all I remember is the girl I used to love, and all I want is to say goodbye, but she won't even let met do that. I didn't want it to end, and I can't believe it has to end like this..

Update2: I couldn't let things stand at that. I called her family again and this time was able to get a bit more out of them. She apparently transferred from where she was working now to a store in another state. She told her family she was going to go out there to get away and try to go to college there. I don't entirely believe that part, but she has kept in constant contact with her grandmother and father. Apparently, she hates it out there and is looking to come back to her house now. I had visted several times and her family and mine got along really well, I had her fathers blessings and we were on good terms. When he found out the story that was given to me, he was less than pleased. He's been acting as a liaison between me and her for the moment. The story she gave him about our relationship is almost a mirror image of the truth however. She claimed that she wanted to move in with me and that I wasn't on the same page and so forth, when I had offered to find a place numerous times with her, but she did not want to leave her elderly grandmother behind because her aunt/uncle/other relatives were leeches and would take advantage of her. It was a shitty situation for a while because I was stuck between wanting to be with her, but knowing that for that time to come her grandma would have to die, and she's a nice woman who I think would rather have had videos of her granddaughters wedding then have her wait out her deathbed. That's besides the point though. Ultimately it looks like it comes back to the depression and a suspected hormonal imbalance that seemed to begin when they switched the type of pill she was taking (she's been having issues with the pill, even though I told her several times to ease herself off it and stop. She didn't have insurance for some time, so kept on it because she didn't want to lose the prescription, and it helped with her with some medical problems). She more or less is having a manic depressive breakdown right now. I wouldn't have brought the family into this if I wasn't concerned for her well being. But I knew this wasn't her, and I knew she was having problems with this before this happened, and this is completely uncharacteristic of her. For now all I can do is wait. She will listen to her father, and he said I can contact him at any time. He is going to keep in contact with her and make sure she's ok. Knowing that I have some method of contact, that her family is still watching out for her, and what has happened/where she is still worries me, but at least I can make it through the day without being a destroyed wreck. I barely talked to anyone at work, and I've been avoiding everyone. I'm not going to be happy until this gets resolved, even if we can't work this out, I need to know that she's safe and that she's happy. I can't just move on with my life knowing I failed her like this. I wanted a better life for her, and I won't feel at ease until she has it, even if I'm not in it. 