Add insult to injuryI made a prior post (look at history) about how I broke off a long term "friend".

I actually while sipping whiskey wrote some curt but not nasty things that she did to me. I did not curse at her or anything but i wrote down how I felt and how things are perceived by me. I told her not to contact me. 

I spoke to a friend of mine that noticed that I was much less happy the past month while trying to make her feel better. But he pointed out it was my choice if I wanted to reconcile or not. I did and what a mistake it was.

I send her an apology text. She said it was fine. She tells me we can meet up a day later. Its a different town and I go drive there. She knew I had to do something else prior but then tells me she's not up for it but I said I really need to tell her certain things. She says fine. I tell her the things (how I battled through depression for many years) but all the time she said she really wants to go back to watching the tv show she was watching (project runway) I barely talk to her for 8 minutes (it took me 25 minutes to drive there) and I say what I needed to tell her and she says we should hang out this weekend and she will text me later. So far no text.

The next day I get a call from my cousin. Her mother, my aunt died. I was not close to them because there is an age gap of 15 years as well as infighting between my parents and theirs. But I am the intermediary and go to talk to my cousins. I went Wednesday night for 7 hours talking to one cousin. And I went today talking to the other cousin. But today was emotionally draining. My uncle is telling me everything wrong with my father and what he did while I just sat there nodding occasionally while allowing him to talk about him and my father. There are times I wanted to call out his shit but his wife of 50 years just died and I can't. So I sit there for at least 4 hours of belittlement while I am pretty sure my relationship to the friend prior is over over.....

I want to cry but I cannot. I am so numb though, its somewhat like when my brother died. Actually my older cousins asked for advice from me because they knew I went through it. It is very weird telling your mid 40's cousins how to prepare for a funeral that you are well antiquated with. What to do, what to buy, which casket to buy, burial plot, etc.

I am just stretched so thin. I am somewhat certain that if I asked the friend to come she would but the way she is acting I do not want to bring a "friend" to my family's funeral. I do not think I ever want to talk to her because clearly project runway is more important that silly me needing me to tell her my problems. It seems to me that she is a taker and will not give back anything. On top of the monetary things she said she would pay me back or. Or the other things.

The saving grace this week that is making me look forward, I also got a phone call from the blood donation company that I matched perfectly with a infant that needs my white blood cells. Apparently its a 1 in a million shot that we matched. I am doing it Tuesday since that is the legal timeline I can give since I donated this past Monday and am ineligible to donate for 7 days. This is literally the only light at the end of the tunnel. I need to stay alive so a kid can survive using my body that I can care less for. 

I am so tired. I am feeling so depressed. tired.

 