I was Unwanted my whole life and death seems like the only way out.Now i know people say things get better.

I've been waiting years and things only get worse.

Im a girl, 16 years old.

And my whole life ive been rejected by everyone, my parents didnt want a kid a didnt do much effort to raise a healthy one, i was basically raised by ever changing babysitters. 
Basically the only childhood memories i have of my dad are of him beating the crap out of me.
They were physically abusive, which is not considered abuse where i live, until last year when They noticed it didnt work anymore.
I grew to be extremely shy and anxious, lacking pretty much alot of social skills. I was bullied good part of my school life until i was 15, when suddenly i was a popular person because of my former friend M.
I started dating a wannabe junkie, smoking, doing all teenager shit people do.

And honestly that was the high point of my life.

Until said friend M cheated me with him.
And my other best friend N too.

Obviously someone would get sad, and i sank in pretty low, my father was already drinking alot and my home life was a mess.

My remaining friends ditched me, said i was too depressed and annoying and that nobody liked depressed people.

I was pretty much alone again.

My house was robbed and i lost pretty much all my things, so my family moved to a different neighboor, it came with a new school too.

And things got worse.

Now ive been bullied, but not that bad.

Its almost unbearable, i feel like blowing up the place.(dont worry guns are illegal where i live)
And i havent made any friends, i dont remember since when i had a conversation with someone.
Hell its been years since i got a hug.
My parents are uncaring as always, and whenever i try to get in touch with people i just come off as clingy and annoying because i want so desperatly to have some sort of contact with someone. I have lost many friendship opportunities for being clingy.

I cant really go to clubs or do any other activities since i spend the whole day at school (7 am to 17 pm).

Im so tired of being unloved, unwanted and alone, i just ruin everything i attempt.
And all that pilled with body image issues almost bordering an ED is too much for me.
I cant remember when i was fully happy.

My mom told me i would probably only be happy with a bullet on my head, and honestly the idea is so tempting.