A therapist's legal "Duty to protect" is fucking bullshit. If you are close to suicide and want help, but don't want to be involuntarily committed, you're fucked. Being honest with your therapist is no longer an option so the downward spiral continues.I wonder how many deaths that stupid law is responsible for. Seriously. I almost got myself involuntarily committed earlier this week because I was overly honest with my psychiatrist. I had to backpedal. I lied and said it was just a cry for help. It isn't. I have been suffering for many years and I've had enough. I have a note and a plan. Suicide is a very real possibility for me at this point. I don't want to do it and am giving myself more time, but now I will never be honest with a mental health professional about how bad I am actually doing ever again. And what does that mean? My death, possibly. 

Sure, being the last line of defense between a patient and their suicide is a lot of pressure. I get that. But in a sense, as a therapist, you have signed up for being akin to a psychological EMT. Someone's life is in your hands and their death is sometimes a very real possibility. It's not like that possibility does not exist until the therapist knows enough about it to have a patient involuntarily committed. Suicide plans can be impulsive, hidden to avoid talking about it due to inhibitions surrounding discussing the subject, or kept secret to avoid being traumatized by the hospital itself. I have heard way too much about what that is like from my friends/the internet to chose highly traumatic hospitalization in over a quick death.

Finally, the hospital is not some kind of miracle cure that is guaranteed to be better than the last ditch efforts of a therapist you know and trust. Seriously, go read r/SuicideBereavement and you'll find plenty of stories of people who just lied their way out of the hospital and killed themselves the next day. If anything, this stupid law is nothing more than an unfortunate side effect of our overly litigious society's penchant for squeezing every last drop of cash out of anyone who could possibly be sued for something. Sure, therapists do deserve that protection. But without a doubt, in some if not many cases, your therapist's obligation to have you thrown into the hospital if they think you're really gonna do it is counterproductive. So again, I ask, what if people had a "right to die" that surmounted a therapist's "duty to protect" which realistically has more to do with protecting the therapist than anything else? I am certain that lives would have been saved that were not saved by the hospital. Duty to protect should be an option, not a law, chosen on an individual basis by a therapist who can judge whether or not someone they have known for years would be helped or hurt by the hospital.

/rant