The Lesson That Changed Me, That I Learned From Psychodelics.When you take psychodelic drug, you losing your ego, you don't think, you just expieriencing life, Best State Of Mind Ever, everything becomes beautiful, you don't care about NOTHING, you just ARE. Why when u fall in love, you don't think about the world just this lovely feeling, when u eat your fovourite food, for that couple seconds is just U + Food and nothing else in the world.

Why do u think is that, why psychodelic makes u feel like this, did you ever thought about that, maybe they try to show us something, teach us something.

Why Meditation is so mainstream in nowadays, ,,stop thinking, breath in, breath out", meditation is made for u to stop thoughts ruuning throught your head 24/7.

Thoughts are #ucking DEMONS! You may even start thinking about smth nice, and couple seconds later u want to slit your wrist.

Everybody want to be richer, more beautiful, more this, more that, to thrive in this RAT RACE called life. Even when u think u doing well, u will find another shit to worry about, most of our thoughts are negative or you just good carrying person and you worry too much about your family and friends, if u want it or no, u just can't win.?

My best times in life were when, i have fun with friends, eat great food, have sex, play game, love, (Times When We Don't Think, But Living) That is why we take drugs, drink alcohol, to stop this never ending war in our heads.

LAst 10 yeras of my life i wa trying to be beautiful, rich, this, that and when i didn't think about that, i was worring about my brother, sister, father, mother..., and something was always bad.

Throught my last 10 years of deep depression, sucidal thoughts, on and off, years of trying everything to be happy to be free, i just gave up, Something broke in me i had enough. And i naturlly stopped thinking, stopped trying, just STOP.

I will tell u something, that is what meditation is trying to teach us, what psychodelics are trying to teach us, JUST BE, JUST LIVE, STOP THESE DEMONS, thinking can make your life living hell, especially in nowodays when everybody are in this RAT RACE. Just try to stop, ignore the voice in your head called EGO (DEMON), at first it can be hard, but when u in this flow state, this beautiful state of not judgeing not reactiing to your ego, U WILL FEEL FREE AS A KID, when we kids we happy we free we don't care, when we do drugs, alcohol the same.

BE FREE BE HAPPY, KILL THE DEMON