How do i overcome my depression about school and girls?PLEASE HELPHey everyone, I'm Jake and I'm 23 years old. I'm already started to give on my life now since September and i don't care about my life because its shitty, i have 2 speech impediments, no girls talk go me in school or anywhere, etc. I have so much anxiety and depression that Im losing my mind lately, plus I'm not eating enough and sleeping enough too because i don't feel like eating alot because i feel so upset at just everything in my life. I'm never happy anymore at all and i don't feel like living at times now too because of my problems while other peoples have fun in college, have friends and get married in a few years and have kids ,etc. My cousin just got engaged and most of my cousins are in relationships. I have a Speech Impediment called Verbal Apraxia with Stuttering which i had my whole life since i was born . i only had one relationship for almost 3 years in the past. I have been very depressed lately because i don't have a girlfriend like my twin brother and some cousins and friends that i have. i have good social skills because my nick name is the mayor Jake everywhere i go because i know and talk to everyone but i never talk to girls due to problems listed in this post.

I have some social anxiety too which makes me super scared to talk to girls because of my Verbal Apraxia with the stutter and it makes me very depressed. As i type this I'm having alot of anxiety and I'm about have a panic/anxiety attack too, when i have anxiety i have irrational thoughts like people are out to get me and other things like that . i feel like no girls will like me or give me a chance because of it if i approach them in real life because i can't even say my name correctly. when i talk, it sounds like a moderate deaf person and i hate it so much all of my life. Also i used tinder which my twin brother met his girlfriend on and have no luck even after many dates with different girls, now i am getting more depressed to the point of crying and not going out of the house too at times. My family is not the greatest at times too.I live with my mom and grandmother who makes everyone crazy which includes me. Every girl i talk to on tinder stop talking to me within a few replies too so i don't have idea what to do now too like what am i doing wrong? but my friend said i suck talking to girls too  which is true so im trying to improve that right now. I think i will never have kids or a wife/ girlfriend because of my speech impediments because i sound like a deaf person. 

Lately I'm thinking I'm ugly too which i kinda believe that i am ugly because no girls like me while my family and other people says I'm not ugly. also I'm in community college so I'm missing the college experience of staying on campus making friends and meeting girls like everyone else is at my age because of my grades and possibly future degree in funeral directing. I am at home doing the online program for funeral directing while All my cousins and my brother and everyone at my age went away to college and im home missing out on everything when you stay at college like meeting girls and parties Also i live at home too that doesn't help me in meeting girls unlike everyone at college campuses. Im too scared to approach any girls because of my speech problems because I'm afraid of them not understanding me. i just can't do it due to anxiety because of my speech impediments and afraid of getting rejected. Also some of my anxiety is from school too because I'm very behind in my classes as of today because I have no motivation to do it because of how i feel sick almost all the time from all of my anxiety and depression too. Also due to all of this, i just got a new gym membership to go with my guy friends and i used it a couple times then i stopped going with them because i feel like my speech impediments make me awkward around girls and people . all my life i felt like people say things to pretend so i think they understand me sometimes. I only have 3-10 male friends while every other guy have female friends and stuff at my age. I don't know where to start or what to do at this point in time because i tried Tinder and that didn't worked for me. Plus when i message girls on tinder, they almost never respond back. i can talk to guys easily and other people easily but not attractive girls at all , let alone approaching girl to get their numbers.i can see myself being forever alone because of my speech impediments.Also i have been in speech therapy too for a long time when i was little and I'm not in it now. So i need help and advice right now from my fellow Redditors Thanks for your help and advice everyone !

tl;dr:i have Verbal Apraxia with stuttering which are speech impediments and i can't talk to girls due to the fear of not being understood and rejected of my speech impediments. Im scared of being forever alone while my friends and everyone is married and have kids in a few years while I'm not. To be honest, I'm almost 100% sure most girls will not date me because of my speech impediments and have a family. What should i do at this point in time? Also should i try to approach and talk to girls that i like ? Because i want to over come this fear of talking to girls because i think they will not like me of my speech impediment.

Edit- I’m getting regular therapy weekly now, also I’m seeing the same therapist that I saw years ago when I was younger too and im going to the gym too now. I made a tinder account too this week but almost every girl that i talk to stops talking to me or never respond to my first message. Im not in speech class right now i had it when i was little tho also im not working now too so im at home doing the online funeral program.