Don't want to kill myself-- just want to dieOn week 3 of an antidepressant but I don't think I'll make it to 6-8 weeks for it to take effect or whatever. Or maybe this is the black box warning. I tried to look it up and only saw stuff that applied to young people. 
I'm far from young. Far from the average age of posters I read here. 
I have grown kids and grandkids. I have only seen one of them this Summer, but they're out there. 
My mom is in a home and I hate calling her because she tells me it's my fault she's there. I didn't even put her there. 
I'm home bound and mostly bed bound from illnesses and pain brought about from a car accident about 8 years ago.  I get a disability check. My spouse is also disabled and relies on me a lot, which makes me feel guilty. 

First I took chlortabs. Antihistamines. I took 8 the first night, 10 the next. Then finally 20. Nothing happened. 
I slept a lot. That's it. 

Then I started counting out the calcium channel blockers I have for migraine prevention. 

I took 8, then 19 the next night, depleting my supply. 
My heart felt weird but once again nothing happened. 

I really want it to seem like I just died in the night because that will show them all. My son that criticizes my unhealthy food choices. My partner that I have to wait on hand and foot. My kids that don't call and never bring the grandkids by. My mom that blames me for things I had no control over. 

They'd all feel bad and think that they should have treated me better and took me seriously when I told them how much I hurt. 

I'll miss my cat and the grandkids I never see but I truly believe I'm dying anyway. There's something wrong where I don't make red blood cells enough but I'm not anemic. 
I stopped going to the doctor for that and nobody seemed to care. 

I wish I had pain meds and I wish I had more heart pills to take so my heart would stop. 

I'm so tired all the time. Why do I keep waking up?!?

I have a giant bottle of Tylenol as a last resort because I know that's an awful death. 

Not sure what made me log into this account and post this. This is not my main account. 
