fighting to liveI realize that I don’t truly want to die I just don’t want to feel this pain. I’ve been sober and celibate for a few months now and healing from all my trauma and I just want to find joy in life. I’ve always been there for those who needed me but I’ve realized that people only text me every few months when they need something so I stopped responding to them. I try to meet all my needs on my own so I don’t have to be that person that only comes around when they want something. I know how much it hurts so I don’t do it to others, especially if I wouldn’t text them otherwise. I want someone to love and support me unconditionally because I’ve never felt that and I want a home where I feel safe and I try to be grateful for what I have but I’m so unhappy and it makes me feel ungrateful. I feel like people would care if I died but no one talks to me and I stopped reaching out to people because I get dry responses as if I’m annoying them and that’s okay because maybe one day I’ll find someone who enjoys talking to me. I see the end goal of having a home and feeling loved but I don’t know what to do in the moment. I don’t want to die I just wish I could fast forward to when I stop getting overwhelming suicidal thoughts and stop feeling anhedonic. nothing I used to enjoy brings me joy anymore. I’ve been thrown around (referred) by therapists and one told me “somehow you’re both hopeful and hopeless at the same time”. I’ve been taking different medications for almost a decade and I’m not on anything right now because the six different medications I’ve tried have done nothing but make me gain/lose weight and feel numb or worse than I did. they say keep trying with medication until you find something that works for you but I feel like this depression is environmental and I just need to regulate my emotions until I get to somewhere I can call home. medication and weed make me feel numb I’d rather feel numb right now than feel everything so hard but i know both aren’t for me. Getting out of bed has been a struggle every morning and I can’t see the light at the end of the tunnel. I want to live and I’m trying so hard but I just want to give up. whenever something goes wrong I think about how suicide is always an option and I don’t want to think like that anymore. I’ve tried doing my hobbies, journaling, meditating, and being mindful but I’m tired of this phase of my life and I don’t want to feel like this anymore. I cry daily and I feel the pain physically and I just don’t know what to do anymore.