I'm just so tiredI struggle with anxiety and depression every hour of every day. Im insecure everyday. I think about suicide everyday now. I feel so pathetic writing this. I feel like I should be stronger. I question almost every decision I make and always feel like I'm making the wrong choice. I'm 22 now. The first potentially traumatizing experience I've had was when I was 5 and I had sexual relations with an older boy. Ever since then my mind has been a sess pool of sexuality. I've sexually abused animals. Even my sisters dog. Last time was around the age of 15. I cant get the guilt of my head. At the age of 16 my father was sent to prison for molesting my sister. He was also molested as a young boy. My parents got divorced when I was 11. And ever since then I felt like I matured way to fast mentally. So much verbal fighting between my parents. After the divorce they would pin me against the other in custody battles. When I was with my dad on weekends he would make my mom look terrible; telling my a lot horrible things she had done. And my mom would do the same. I started smoking marijuana and drinking alcohol at the age of 11 with my sister and her friends. I then started smoking with my mother at 13. Then after I convinced my parents to get back together I started smoking with my dad as well. I'm not sure how much mental damage all the use has inflicted on me mentally to be honest. So at this point I'm 16 and living in an apartment with my mom and dad. Not remarried but at least back together. I just wanted a family again. But all I got was drunk nights filled with moaning from their room as I smoked my brains out in the living room trying to numb it all. I come one day and my dad is sent to prison. Fast forward to 17 and I have a girlfriend. We lost our virginity to each other. I loved her. I was going to church at the time to fill the desire for a family. I then found what seemed to be this amazing church. They had a lot hoops for me to jump the to join. One of them being breaking up with my girlfriend because she refused to join the church as she believed it was a cult. As did my mother and sister. Well... I wanted out of the house that I was living in at the time with my sister, her boyfriend and my mother. Mainly because there were verbal fights every day and almost everything I did in the house was ridiculed and judged. It was bad.... So I regretfully ended the relationship and joined this church(cult). 3 years later and I left because I realize all religion is made up by humans. Read the bible enough and anyone can figure that out for themselves. My anxiety and depression was about the same while in the church. Writing this has helped a little bit. I'm not sobbing anymore. But I still feel empty. Anxious. Depressed. Life as a whole is meaningless. We live, we die. And when the sun dies in billions of years? We'll all be gone anyways. Why put myself through more suffering? When I can just end it myself.