I can't distinguish Reality from what my brain creates...Lets start from the beginning, On may 16th I was diagnosed with early stages of testicular cancer, I was broken; A large part of my life is fitness and dealing with previous depression and often thoughts of suicide I found weightlifting and it changed my life, it's an addiction and it got me through a lot so when i was told any form of treatment would take that away from the thing i truly loved I knew i couldn't do it. Then after great stress due to it, my Girlfriend who I was in love with broke up with me after hearing about it telling me she "couldn't deal with it" and I respect that. this was all followed up by my grandmother had a huge stroke and went from being a person that I talked to regularly and got advice from to someone who didnt even know my name and to top it all off my friend and gym partner died in a motorcycle crash. All this stress has caused me vivid hallucinations from people floating above me, to a small girl that lives in my closet. but what makes all these hallucinations so scary is that all they do is threaten me and tell me that i am worth nothing it has gone so far as to when i talk to most people about it this "things" if you could call them that drown them out with screaming and telling me to kill myself. I couldn't look at anyone the same, it was as if there faces disappeared even if they talked I couldn't hear nor respond, my brain  responds as if its on autopilot, I have no control over what I say most of the time. then the Black outs started, ill blink and be somewhere else, like no time has past but in reality its been hours and I am always told I was extremely aggressive during these times. The only thing that brings me back to reality anymore is talking to my Ex and being close to her and she has been amazing and let me stay at her house last night and we kissed and they got angry it was like the hallucinations were scared because she could bring back my stability. But I blacked out and she said I tried to step into the shower with all my clothes on and when she refused to let me i screamed that I hated her. I can't live in this state anymore, it's no way to distinguish what my brain creates and reality. 