Being noone, going nowhere.Im nearly 17 yo and i dont know if its worth to live. I was heartbroken and mind fucked after my dad died 10 years ago but i still feel the same way as then. Hopeless, dont know how to act, how to deal with problems. I never did actually mourn him. I kept it all inside until it blew me up to this point i dont want to live anymore because of my suicidal thoughts. Therapists didnt do shit. I even talked with my mom alot and she said i have to get over it, learn to live without him. Shits hard. It feels like im 2 persons in one.

Signed up year ago to the best school in my region for an it technician and yet i dont feel any satisfaction. NONE. Like i proved everyone wrong about me, everyone told me that i aint gonna do it nit with these marks and i did it but it doesmt matter to me. Im probably gonna suck this year because the thing is when you go to the best school in your region yeah the reauirements to stay in that school are also high and i barely reached it in 1st class and theres 3 ahead.

Mom just stopped giving shit about me like im a ghost. I dont want to say shes bad but i expected a little love and care from her and instead i got nothing. I turned my life into video games and memes, met 2 friends there but they are same broken persons as im and im trying to be the one positive and keep them looking up into the sky even if it means im gonna lose myself.

I always thought that everyone around me is worth more than im myself. And now i ended up being someone you can speak to about everything giving advices and shit and i cant even talk to anybody because im scared my problems could cause harm to others that actually give a fuck about me. Thats why im writing on reddit just to let it all out. 

My way of ending it, is playing russian roulette, see how much i can last. At 18 im gonna do a gun license and if that fails im just gonna hang myself. I thought of cutting my wrists and im nit afraid of the pain but of the blood im bout to see. I think thats when the survival instinct kicks in and you just get the "will to live perk".

I also feel like i cant control myself any longer. Im feeling the urge to kill myself and im getting thoughts like everything would be better if id put out myself long time ago. The thing is i never had actually balls to do it. I was scared. Then i saw this subreddit and i realized i dont have to be scared because im not alone.

Im gonna be honest with you i might be selfish leaving everyone behind but i tried my best stayong positive and above the water. If my life has to be always thinking about my death then im gonna do it.

If i can give any advice it would be get the most out of happiness because it goes by and comes back after a long time of sadness.

Well thats it, 1 year 2 months and 7 days
Ill try my best to not fuck up everything in that short period of time.
See you then reddit, see you then.