Currently lost and confused after my crack addicted dad shows up unannounced.I work for a music store in my area, and I used to feel really comfortable there, I've been struggling with depression and self harm for some time now and it was really helping me take my mind off things. We do a show around every 4 months for the students that attend lessons. To showcase what they learned. We also do a rock band program so all our groups have the chance to feel like a rockstar.... which is awesome. But our work has been stuck by a bit of tragedy recently. My boss's daughter was in a terrible car accident and one of our students is injured due to a house fire. Her dad is in really critical condition. So a feeling of heavy mess has been taking over. I was working my normal shift (I'm in charge of handing out raffle tickets to raise money for the families) and I pass by a table..... my dad, his girlfriend, and a baby..... I walked the other way. Went to the bathroom and had a panic attack. My dad had tried to call me about coming to my work's event some time ago. I told him not to come. I'm personally not ok with seeing him, not to mention he's addicted to drugs.... and the whole show is centered around kids and I didn't want that to happen. The whole night I had to take breaks. Things were super overwhelming. And my dad had mentioned in passing that my boss had invited him so despite me saying "don't go" he went. The worst part of it all, he knew the whole situation between me and him and even then still invited him..... and now everyone at work is having some pity party and talking about me because my dad showed up. To be completely honest, I just wanted to be normal. I didn't want anyone to know about it. Now everyone wants to approach me and I want to be left alone. I sent a text to my boss after the show stating "hey, don't want to come off rude, but inviting my dad to the show was a bit crossing the line. I understand you are friends and have been for a long time... but it really put me in an awkward position." All he said? "He came for you. Keep me out of this shit." I was just trying my best to get over these suicidal thoughts I've been having the past few months and now they're flaring up again. I feel as if no one actually understands how messed up this situation was. It really took an emotional toll..... and it may seem stupid, but the last time he came around it really put my home life in distress. My family and I were at each other's throats. I was called a traitor, a bitch, etc. my mom was kicking me out of the house for HIM stopping by. (I didn't invite him....) and my mom went as far as to say she doesn't really "feel anything" for me anymore. And that her love is conditional and I broke those conditions (I have no idea what this means!) but he hasn't really come around for the good portion of a year. And I thought things were getting easier, but now it's hitting the fan. 