I'm ready to give any and every method a try at this point.Friends? Got none

Girlfriend/Boyfriend? Crushing big time on a girl who lives out of state, has a steady boyfriend who she's been with the last year, and who constantly rubs it in my face that I'll forever be in the friend zone.

Job? POS. I get under average minimum wage, work every weekend for about 9 hours a day with no AC and nobody respects me there

Privacy? Hah. Not even in my family's or therapist's vocabulary because I got none apparently.

Mental Health? Fucking shit man! I got so much stuff that's wrong with me, it's so much to live with.

Scars? Countless. New and fresh. Pink and white. Deep and shallow. Everywhere. Reminding me of what a fucked up piece of shit I am. I've been self harming since I was 10, Im 16 now. It's a part of me.

I get transferred to a new school every year because my parents cant find one that suits me apparently.

I've been told by my parents that I drag everyone down and that I'm a burden to them. I'm the fucking reason my mom's on antidepressants and that my sister's in therapy. I fucked them up.

My dad's the only one I'm kinda close to and he works like 85+ hours a week and never answers my calls or texts because they're not work related.

I was in one of the top ranked mental hospitals in America this time last year. Guess what? They let me out FULLY KNOWING that I was planning to attempt to jump of the Skyway bridge when I went to Florida a few weeks later.

Autism wears me tf out.

Schizophrenia makes me see and hear a bunch of things that nobody else can which makes them think I'm insane.

Those two are just scratching the surface of my mental disorders.

I give up.

I've always told myself I would be better by now.

I'm on 20+ medications. None of them do anything.

I'm not better.

I'm fucked.

Fucked up big time.

And I am ready to end it all.

In any way I can.

As long as it works this time because apparently slitting my wrist 3 or 4 different times, drinking bleach, trying to get to a bridge to jump off of, jumping in front of traffic, and taking extra pills doesn't work for me.

I'M SO SHIT AT EVERYTHING I CAN'T EVEN KILL MYSELF RIGHT!