That's enough for me.In my life I went through really awful stuff. As a child growing up without my father who left me, living with my mother and her abusive husband, being beaten and humiliated by both of them, seeing my mother get spanked by him, being sexually abused by this same guy with my mother knowing it and doing nothing, having suicidal thoughts since I was 10y.o., fleeing home to live with my grandmother, meeting my father when I was 13y.o. and finding he was indeed an asshole that never gave a fuck about me, I turned out to be a very introvert, lonely, depressed and distrustful person.

Living with my grandmother was kind of a turning point for me. Even being depressed and psychologically fucked up I managed to achieve some cool stuff. I got into one of the best universities in Brasil to study computer science, got to work as a math and physics teacher in a school to make some money and started an indie game development company with some friends.

But about a year ago, I completely broke down. I couldn't focus on studying or working and couldn't get up from bed. At the same time I developed anxiety disorders, having panic attacks every morning, a growing OCD really strong and eating a lot, what got me really fat. My self-esteem, which was already low, got to zero. I entered into a really profound depression. I quit college. My life basically ended. This went on until I tried committing suicide without success thanks to my grandmother who fortunately got home from work earlier.

After this I started treating myself and got much better. Returned to college and reengaged contact with some friends. This went on for almost 3 months of living an almost normal life, even if I couldn't help but wonder every time about how empty I felt inside. I started feeling bad again and my grandmother got sick, and just the thought of being alone and losing the only person that really stands by me no matter what made me broken. I felt lonely, miserable and pretty much like before when I tried committing suicide.

What brings me now. Today is my birthday and I'm turning 21. Not a single person showed up, called me or congratulated me on fb, whatsapp or whatever. I really am alone. I really am miserable. I can no more withstand this much suffering and am seriously considering suicide. Think I could use some advice from you guys. I'm completely desperate. Please, no "things will get better" stuff 'cause they don't. Sorry for eventual English mistakes.

Thanks for reading.
- Manu.