thinking about dying a lot latelyI am dependent on my parents for everything.
I was home schooled all my life and have no document of my grades, and thus I would have to settle for a ged I cant pay for.   I can't get a stupid job at even Mcdonald's, or cleaning shit stains off toilets.  I've been trying for a year because I didn't have an ID until march 2016.  but my parents are pressuring me in the way that I have no clue what to do.  I've suffered from embarrassingly bad social anxiety, and I've had problems with depression but not sure how to describe it.
I'm just always tired and think about killing myself everyday and applying places has been making me hate myself more because all I can think is, "what's the point you know they wont hire you.." or "I wouldn't hire a piece of shit like me."
it's just what really hurts is my parents helped my brother get his license, gave him a car, helped him get both his jobs he had(my knew a manager at a cleaning service, my dad manages a big company), yet they just tell me to try harder.  I'm not sure what to even do, no money, license or car.  I don't any other family besides them that would help, nor do I have any friends because no matter what people get sick of me fast.
I asked m brother for help but he doesn't take it very seriously.  he actually caught me writing this but didn't see anything past the title, he just asked me to make him fries...
so, basically I don't know what to do besides want to end my life ever day/force myself through job applications, and it's gotten to the point I plan out killing myself/visualize myself killing myself and it's just becoming like a subconscious thought where sometimes I don't even realize I am thinking about it so vividly. I just feel like I'll always be a burden if I don't end my life.  mainly because I am 20 years old and it just makes me hate myself everyday I can't contribute anything and how much I annoy everyone.
I guess I am just sick of being a burden and a freeloader and useless and so many other things 