Have to wonderCame here originally because I was suicidal due to my son committing suicide. Always have had suicidal ideation, but better with age....until I found my son in my bathtub with gunshot to head....now PTSD is kicking my ass and I hate life. Yet a part of me find comfort in hearing you all say no one could help...and you also hide it from parents etc....then today another kid I personally know took his life. So I have personally known 4 kids...I’m shocked ...A) that these kids have the courage to do what I fear...B) see no hope in the future of mankind.  I know we all have it ruff blah freaking blah blah....shit as I said...my biggest fear...losing my son happened....and yet....I refuse to feel bad for myself anymore. I allow myself 15 min pity party then I’m like shut the fuck up and move forward. I may not know what forward looks like...or really even care about it... but I refuse to be a victim and instead a fighter...I really feel connected to you all...only y’all understand what it feels like to want to be at peace...but fuck it...let’s all be at peace here! Can’t we figure out why we all have these feelings...what is making this even an option for us! Uuggghhh life sux...but even when we do die...regardless what religion u are or are not...we all have a life review. So we have to feel all the pain we have left behind...and trust me, it’s a whole freaking lot. So let’s say fuck it..and live life the way we want. So many fear letting others down...don’t...live YOUR life...we fear rejection or have sad stories...fuck it...let’s make our own and make it amazing. Happiness isn’t what social media makes it look like. I found happiness today laying on my back looking at the clouds and thinking how cool it is that I can see so many things in something that everyone else just sees as a cloud. Omg I am rambling in a drunken state....but in all real, as crazy as I sound...u all actually mean something to me....u get me...yet u don’t know me from the stranger u see on the side of the rode. Yet we are connected i this freaking feeling of wanting the madness to end. I choose to say fuck it...and live my life as I want. Ok...I’m done.  