My best friend tried to kill himself yesterday and I don't know what to do.I'm shaking right now, I'm so angry and scared I can barely type. So yesterday my best friend left home without telling anyone and rode the train to a nearby city by the seashore. He didn't tell anybody about this and until about 8 PM nobody suspected anything, we just thought he was walking around the city and would come back home later. However, his phone was off since about 10 AM and there was no way to contact him. I have a tendency to panic, so I immediately assumed the worst. His mom went to the police to report him missing at 10 PM and about 2 hours later he was found in the aforementioned seaside city. 

For most of today that was all I knew, but then I called him and he finally picked up. I was relieved to hear his voice, but I almost cried when he told me what'd happened. It turns out his parents had had a really bad agrument and he decided it was just too much. So he took off without telling anybody, drank way too much alcohol and threw himself into the sea. A couple found him unconscious on the beach, with a body temp. of 34C and called the ambulance, he's now staying in the hospital until Friday.

When I talked to him on the phone he said that I must not tell anybody about the real reason why he'd went missing. If anybody asks, I'm supposed to tell them he just ran away because he needed a break. But I don't know. It seems wrong to keep this information a secret. Although he's safe now, I don't know if he won't attempt it again and I'm just really fucking scared for him.

I told him how terrified his friends, family and I were, but I don't know what to do. I've never had to deal with a sensitive situation like this ever before. What do I do?

The worst thing is that there were absolutely no warning signs that he'd been depressed - I talked with him in school on Monday and didn't show any unhappiness and generally seemed fine. Also he was overall a pretty positive person, sure, sometimes he got angry for apparently no reason, but he never talked about the situation at his house of his relations with his parents. 

The whole ordeal is just so surreal to me. I nearly lost a friend, I'm shivering just writing about this.

Sorry for the long post, but I needed to vent to somebody. Throwaway for obvious reasons.