Don't have any reasons to continueI'm not posting this from my main account for obvious reasons.

I don't really know where to start, but I'm getting close to 30 and I feel like I don't have much to live for anymore. I have never been close with my family, narcissistic mom, a father that I can't even have a conversation with without him being angry for something, and two younger brothers I don't talk with at all. I don't really have friends I consider real friends, they're all just drinking buddies. I have been struggling with depression half my life and anxiety for as long as I can remember. I've been in therapy, but I didn't even feel comfortable talking to my therapist about everything.

I had two things that made me happy and that was my girlfriend (now ex, because apparently she doesn't love me anymore) and my three year old daughter. We were together for five years and lived together for three years with our daughter. We're from different countries so that makes it a lot more complicated when it comes to me having more contact with my daughter (the mother want me to have contact, but I think it will just break my heart every time I have to see her go again). They were recently at her parents for two months and that's two of the worsts months in my life and I don't want to re-live it. When they got back my daughter didn't even talk a single word of my native language to me (she talked both our languages fluently before they left), so she'll probably forget everything about me fairly quickly.

They're have been everything I have and cared about, and now I feel like I lost them both. So I don't really see any reasons for me to continue with my misery any longer. So in about three weeks they're leaving and I'm quite sure I will take my final good bye with my daughter at the airport. And then when I get back home I'm going to kill myself, overdose seems like the least painful way, but I feel hanging myself is safer to make sure I only have to try once. 

I know saying my last good bye to my daughter at the airport will be the hardest thing I ever will have to do, but I think it's for the best. I just can't keep being lonely anymore, and I feel like I'm out of options. I really thought I was going to spend the rest of my life with my girlfriend, and well, it seems like I sort of will just not the way I hoped to.