Tipping Over the EdgeIt’ll get better. 
It will absolutely get better. 
Just have faith and things are bound to improve.
It can’t stay this bad forever. 😞

I hate all of the above platitudes. Fuck, now that the roles are reversed, I’m dripping with contempt for myself for ever trying to push them on someone whose world was falling apart and soul was somewhere in a dark corner of their mind, trying to hide and whimpering because the screaming and crying took their voice and the tears were all gone...for the moment. 

The woman who I share a home and a bed with is supposed to be the one who opens her arms to hold me while I cry and to whisper those stupid platitudes to me. To soothe me and tell me it will be ok. Even if it is a lie. 

But she has long since passed giving a half-pence of a fuck about how things are in my head. She’s focused on herself and where her life and her career are going. In her mind, she’s done the holding and soothing thing a few times over the last five years and that should be enough for me to man up, shut the fuck up, and get on with life. “The world keeps moving with or without you!” is what she tells me. Is it any shock that we haven’t been intimate for at least five years?

It’s the odd and/or shiny objects that get my attention. And keep it. For too long. I shouldn’t linger in my gaze at a fresh pack of utility knife blades, or at the 12 feet of concrete in the upcoming bridge abutment off to my left as I drive. I definitely shouldn’t look so intently at the lugs on one of the 480V feeds in an open cabinet while we service a piece of equipment at work. I don’t think I’d ever go that direction for the electrocution would be quick as it stops my heart but I can’t chance my clothes catching fire and causing me to let go before my heart gives up. I can’t burn. It’s my worst fear and it haunts me. 🥺

I’m 42 and I have no fucking right to be complaining. SO many people have it SO much worse than I do! I have a good job that pays great. I have a family who loves me (except for the one I live with) and yet all I think about are ways to escape. To find a way to get away from it all. To find a place where I can’t fall in love with someone and to know they love me back but to also know that, as soon as a younger, hotter, more chiseled, farther ahead in life or even just rocking a third leg, that love will dissipate like it never existed and the loneliness will swallow me whole again. 

I desperately want to believe that there’s something better and I just haven’t found it yet. 

Maybe there is......but I don’t think I have enough left in me to make it that long. I only have a few “I’m sorry. You’re cute and all but...look at how cut he is.”  and “Yeah, sorry, dude. You just aren’t quite good enough.” Left in me. 

Thanks for anyone who read all of that drivel. 

TL/DR: I’m not worth the full version or even a recap. 

Goodnight, all. Time to lay down and let the nightmares take me away. xo