sorry to post againI don't want to use this sub as some place where I go to groan, but I guess that is where I'm at now. 

The past couple of weeks have been some of the most rough in my life, and that is saying so much. Every thing is crumbling around me. My mind is broken. 

I had been afraid that I pushed my dearest friend away. I've been intense lately, and I have not too many other people that I can open up to. I know I'm too much. I know that -- all I do is throw sick weight onto my loved one's shoulders. 

I've been watching videos of people dying. Suicides are my favorite, and especially ones with guns. I've gotten into murder videos, freak accidents, and torture. Never -- never have I liked this sort of thing. Seeing hurt has always made me sick. But I love it now. It is so soothing and pleasurable to watch these videos. It is my only release. Drugs/meds have always just been cheap masks that didn't make me feel real pleasure, but when I watch all of this suffering and gore, I am actually calm. 

I'm so filled with hatred. I want to hurt everyone who crosses me. I want these people to hurt! Every fucking day they hurt me. They are always pinning me down and SCREAMING IN MY EARS! I can't get quite anywhere. Everyone's feeling are forced onto me. I just want them to stop it. I want the eyes to leave from me. I've never been in a fight, and believe me I have had opportunity! I've never hurt anyone. But I want to bash and break all of these people who make me feel like complete shit. 

I opened up about this to my friend. And I think I have scared her off. I didn't even give all of these details, but I needed to get this off of my back. I wanted the person I care about the most to know that I am completely breaking. 

What's wrong with me? Why do I lived with the constant urge to end my life? And now -- violence is pounding in my head. And now -- I think I have really turned my friend away from me. 

I'm tired of everything being so loud. 

I want to be a good man. 