I Really Tried My BestI absolutely royally ruined my life after my almost successful suicide attempt at 19.

In the process I managed to scare off what few close friends I had, lose my job, lose my house, and was forced to move back into my abusive household after only just escaping it after highschool.

I had reached rock bottom, but I slowly tried to climb back up. I found a job, I found a humble amount of friends and got forgiveness from some old ones that I knew were very compassionate, just overwhelmed at the time. I joined crossfit to be healthier, quit alcohol cold turkey, I delved into my art. I did everything I could to keep myself away from my abusive home and get better so I could get out.

But things were still off. After my suicide attempt, I had become very anxiety ridden in social settings in fear I would scare away my friends again. My self esteem had plummeted. More and more I began to talk to them less, figuring I can't freak anyone out if I don't talk to them. I pushed away my closest friend out of fear as well. And my friendships were quite surface level - again to avoid losing them.

My anxiety affected work. I was trying to get off my antidepressants so I wouldnt rely on them, but without them I would crumble in social settings. My manager had to often correct me and help me despite how much of a hassle it was since I was supposed to be experienced at that point. I was lucky she somewhat understood mental illness.

Then 2020 completely took a huge dump on my life. My friends have become distant acquaintances since I could barely maintain a friendship when I could see them, so it's worse in isolation. My job was my ticket to get out of here but now that I've lost it, I have to spend another year in the house of abuse. Work and crossfit kept me distracted from home, without a distraction I deteriorate mentally. Everyone needs a job now so applying always seems futile. I never get interviews.

Im so exhausted. I've been going at it for 2 years and I'm in the exact same place as I was at 2 years ago. I spend my days in bed just trying to get my brain to stop giving me reasons as to why I should just end it. But it feels exactly how I did when I was 19. I honestly do not believe it's smart to continue trying. My relapse has been horrendous. It's insanity. This world wasn't built for the mentally ill, I certainly don't belong on this planet.