I'm just lonely and need a good friendI'm 16 and I've made two really good friends here on Reddit.  Unfortunately they aren't on every night.  I'm pretty alone in life and like having friends I can talk to.  I kind of reaching out looking for more people I could possibly become friends with and talk with on here regularly.

A couple months ago I got a call from my best friend, Matthew.  He was calling to tell that he had overdosed and he wanted to say goodbye.  Of course, I wasn't gonna just let him die.  I went over to his house and took him to the hospital.  He was pretty upset that I "ruined his death."  After his stay at hospital my family took him in and let him stay with us.  He was living with an abusive father and that's why he wanted to die.  I don't know exactly what his Dad did to him but it was bad enough to make him attempt suicide.  

Fast forward a little while later.  He's living with my family and supposedly things are going great with him.  He would tell me he was doing fine when in truth he really wasn't.  I had created a Reddit account after the whole overdose incident to stay in touch with the person that Matthew had met here on Reddit.  

One night Matthew told me he was gonna go for a walk.  I didn't think much of it at the time.  What I didn't know was Matthew had told his friend from Reddit that he was going to kill himself.  (To make things easier I'm gonna give this person the name Zach)  So Matthew had told Zach everything and when he was going to do it.  The part that really hurts me the most is that Zach sent me a message through Reddit warning me of Matthew's plans.  Unfortunately, that night I had gone to bed early and hadn't seen Zach's warning message.  I blame myself for Matthew's death.

Now here we are.  Months after the ordeal.  I myself have had many challenges since Matthew's death.  I started self harming.  I hate myself for it but I still do it.  I'm always high off of something.  Being sober isn't an option anymore.  I've attempted suicide myself a few times but haven't succeeded.

I just want a good friend that I can talk to regularly.  Someone who struggles with suicidal thoughts just as I do.

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks for reading and messaging me!