Misophonia Causing Depression and Suicidal ThoughtsI just posted this in the misophonia subreddit then realised that they have a rule against talk of suicide (which I honestly think is kinda dumb) and promptly deleted it. Before I paste that post, I guess I'll quickly tell you what misophonia is. Misophonia is a sort of mental disorder that causes extreme anger when hearing specific sounds (very extreme and very specific sounds). It's different for everyone, but I am able to somewhat control it. Controlling the anger can be incredibly mentally exhausting, though, and usually ends it physical reactions such as my body shaking, jumping and/or pinching/hurting myself (not cutting) to ease the pain. 

Now for the post:

A little bit of background information: I recently turned 16 and am living with my parents and my sister. I started developing misophonia at the age of 13-14 and my family has known about it for approximately half a year. I have a terrible relationship with my father mostly due to his narcissistic tendencies and anger management issues.

It's taking a long time for my family to adjust to my misophonia, but I understand that my mother and sister are trying. And I'm really thankful for that. On the other hand, my father does not care at all. Even just a couple of hours ago he was chewing a banana obnoxiously loudly in front of me as soon as he got home. Every time I tell him to stop or quieten down he freaks out at me. He tells me there's something wrong with me (as if I didn't already know that). I really try to stay calm and I'm honestly proud of myself for doing so. But staying calm in these situations has honestly taken a toll on my mental health.

To put it simply: I want to die. I can't escape him. I can't move out until I'm 18, and even then, I wouldn't be able to afford it. Every friend I've told has told me to just ignore him when he tells me I'm a failure in life and that I should die. They tell me that he's wrong and that I'm smart and will be successful. I'm sick of hearing this because it doesn't help at all. It just reminds me of how I believe every single thing my father says about me.

God, I'm crying now from writing this. I don't want kind comments telling me that it's going to be okay. I don't want people telling me how to teach my father about my misophonia. He knows what it is and uses it against me. I just want options. I need options on how to get out of this house. I want to finish high school and study in university. But if I stay in this house any longer...I might not make it that far. Is there something I can do or that the law can do? I'm sick of his mental abuse. Help me. Please?