Kill myself and be done with this bullshitFuck life. Fuck everything about life. I'm not interested in getting help. I'm not interested in becoming what others want me to be. I'm not interested in becoming anything at all beyond what I already am. 

There is nothing here for me beyond sexual, pornographic pursuits, slaving away at work for money to spend on nothing important in particular, and becoming inebriated when I feel like it.

This is all my life will ever be. I'm okay with it being that. But eventually I will have to deal with other people not being okay with that. I'm not interested in appeasing others by providing them with what they want from me, even if it is in my best interest to do so. I don't really give a shit how immature that sounds. 

I don't like to think that I'm entitled, but I guess I am in a way. I have this belief that I should be given the basic of a place to live, even if I haven't earned it, which I guess is my main problem. I don't care. Everything is pointless now. I'm not interested in the kind of humility life demands from me. 

This is all a pointless experience. I can't feel grateful for what I have. I'm not really grateful for anything. I like to think I am, but I don't actually feel it until everything is gone and it goes to shit. I'm sick of learning life lessons that seem fundamentally petty, even if they are practically useful. I've no interest in real life anymore. I don't give a single shit about how what I do effects anyone else.

 I don't give a shit about the pain my death would cause others. I would rather them have to go through that, than me having to go through life and all that it brings. I'm sick of being made to feel like I am a piece of shit due to the choices I've made. 

No, I don't have a plan to move out of my parent's house. No, I don't actively expect anything from them, or even passively. I don't get anything from them except a house to stay in and I guess health insurance? Whatever. I don't exist to make my parents proud or to make anyone proud for that matter. Pride is stupid. Pride is petty. Pride is useless. I'm not proud of myself, but I don't really care to be either. 

I'm just sick of having to go through all this bullshit. There is nothing better on the other side. And I mean, on the other side of whatever life has in store for me. It's all bullshit. Everything is bullshit. I'm done being made to feel like I should be ashamed, like I should feel bad for not giving a shit about life. It's all bullshit. Sick of being seen as an embarrassment. It almost makes you wish the worst upon humanity. But that's all bullshit too. It's all pointless. People's thoughts and opinions are pointless. Mine are pointless. People's aspirations and dreams are pointless. So are mine. Nothing fucking matters. I don't know when I'm going to have the courage to end it all. I just wish I didn't have to go through this bullshit. I wish I could just take comfort in my hedonistic pleasures that everyone just loves to demonize and call "addictions" when you'd rather induldge in them instead of, say, building relationships with others, saving money, learning new things, and trying to find a better job.

 I mean I could drop them, but then my life would be a special kind of meaningless. I'm not willing to bend my knee to what others think equates to a life well lived, even if it is to my benefit. I'm not willing to make my life revolve around what others claim it must. I would rather die.