I can see it all perfectly in my head, even if I don't have the guts to go through with itI take a warm shower, and linger there, feeling the hot water cascade over me, almost burning me. I’m crying and smiling under the water. Relief begins in my stomach and spreads to my fingertips. When I get dressed, I put on my favourite shirt. I blow-dry and curl my hair. I put on makeup, and the girl in the mirror is beautiful in her calm.

I do the dishes and clean the kitchen so my sister comes home to a tidy house. I make my bed, and, as an afterthought, make hers too. I pick up my cat, press my face into his soft fur, stroke his ears as he purrs and looks at me with his luminous green eyes. I wonder if he’ll understand. Do cats have any concept of such things? I ask him, but he just keeps looking at me with those big eyes, purring and reticent as always.

I take a taxi to the forest about five kilometres from my house. It’s full of alien trees, tall pines that were never supposed to grow here. They stand silent sentinel, an army of watchers, and as I pass between them, I feel safe in their ranks. The air is all moss-green and cold, and my breath mists in tiny clouds from my lips. Dead leaves whisper under my boots as I hike deeper into the forest, brushing dew-drops from bushes as I pass.

This is a popular trail, but this time of day, it’s deserted. I’ve heard horror stories of girls dragged into the undergrowth, raped and beaten and left for dead. Bizarrely, I am afraid, and hope to reach my destination safely.

And where is my destination? I’m not sure yet, but I think I’ll know it when I see it. I push onwards, leaving the trail, venturing further into the embrace of the trees. I want to go where nobody else has gone. I don’t want anyone to find me, not for a while.

Watery sunlight filters through the treetops far above me, and my footsteps are muffled by a sweet-smelling carpet of fallen needles. Birdsong echoes from branch to branch, and a squirrel darts across my path, bright eyes and bushy tail flashing in a stray dapple of sun. I’m smiling, and all at once, I feel complete. I feel part of this forest, breathing with it, smelling its wet-leaf smells and hearing its quiet business stirring in my own head. I’ve reached my spot, I think. This is it.

From my bag, I take the sturdy hemp rope, and loop it over a high branch. I pull out the folding stool and set it up beneath the branch, and climb up on to it. I am afraid, but the fear feels far away, distant to the calm that has come over me.
In my pocket is my ID, a little bit of money left over from the cab fare, and a handwritten note. I spent a long time writing it, because it would be the last thing left of me, and I wanted it to be perfect. I don’t want to cause anyone any more pain than necessary.

Smiling, I take one last deep breath of the damp forest air, tasting pine needles and trapping some birdsong in my lungs. Then I exhale, releasing the birdsong, and kick the stool from under my feet.

I hope it isn’t a child who finds me. I hope my eyes are closed, so whoever does find me doesn’t have to look into them. I hope my note is enough. I hope my parents’ hearts don’t break, and I hope my sister can still go on her long-awaited holiday to Prague with her boyfriend, and I hope her boyfriend forgives me for dying on his birthday. I hope my one true love, so far away and so broken and hopeless, never hears of my death. I would spare him that. I don’t want him thinking it’s his fault. I hope the world is a little kinder; I hope that, somehow, my death, my sacrifice, will appease some karmic god, and that my last selfish act will have some sort of selfless ripple in the universe. It’s a vain hope, but I suppose I can afford it to myself; one last delusion. If a dying girl can’t kid herself that her death means something, then who can?

I hope they can forgive me for leaving them behind. I love you all.

Edit: I'm not encouraging suicide. I don't think I'll even be able to kill myself, and I definitely don't want anyone else to harm themselves in any way. What I've written here is a fantasy, and it's romanticised. I'd like to think death would be as calm and peaceful as I've described it, but I really can't say if it will be. It was pretty cathartic to write it out, though, and I wanted to share it. I don't mean to hurt anyone or encourage anyone to hurt themselves, so please don't take it that way.