i’m tired of everything and i’m confused.i feel so lost. I dont know what i want any more. I’ve been depressed ever since a small child, and i’ve been made to feel disgusting and to loathe myself by everyone around me since i was a young child because of my condition. i’ve been through so much bullshit in my life it’s just more bullshit thrown at my over and over. I’m a fucking hindrance. im a fucking joke. my only purpose is to be laughing stock. i cant catch a fucking break ever. I get so frustrated seeing people that have fucked me up in some way get good things while I get more and more shit thrown at me by life. i feel so fucking irrelevant, and I feel like no one in my life takes me seriously. for example, i’ve been verbally abused and hit by teachers and students, and my school doesn’t bat an eye, yet when something minor happens to another student they make a big deal out of it. this always fucking happens to me, i dont feel like i’m even “there” if that makes any sense. i fucking hate myself so much. i feel like a disgusting, hideous, repulsive, ugly “it” “thing”. i can never and have never had anything go well for me long term, i’m always having fuck me over again and again. I dont remember the last time I was happy. I have a whole lot of problems, I don’t go to school, i’m too afraid to leave my house, I have major depression and anxiety and ptsd on top of that. I sleep all day, and I literally do nothing. I don’t have any friends. i’ve never had a relationship and i’ve never felt wanted or relevant in my life. but for some reason whenever i’ve attempted to take my life i’ve always pussied out and stopped halfway through. I don’t know why. i really have nothing going for me but yet i cant bring myself to kill myself. I even fail at that and that’s one thing I want more than anything right now. i feel like i wasn’t meant to be born. i was a fucking mistake i feel like a disgraceful disgusting repulsive “it”. i want to die but i can never bring myself to do it. i feel so fucking trapped in my own body all the time. I cant fucking take this shit it’s exhilarating. i feel like i barely get any help from my parents, as they KNOW i’m depressed but don’t try and do anything to help me, and my psychologist is a total lost cause who doesn’t get me at all. I really feel like people don’t take me seriously ever. i feel like when someone actually takes me seriously it will be too late for me. I’m tired of everything and I just to die. every day feels like a hassle. im tired.