I Have Nothing...I've been feeling bad for years now. Starting small but gradually getting worse to the point where most of last year and this year, I've wanted to just die. I've posted here before feeling like garbage but I was essentially told that I still have things to live for blah blah. I somewhat believed it, thinking of my family and friends but never thought to myself. 

So I, this week, decided to take a look at my life. My family was away and I skipped my weeks classes saying I was ill to finally do what i want. I hate doing the usual things I do and I wanted a change. When it came to it however. I found that with all I have, I have nothing.

I have a job, a car, family, friends, and many possessions. But when I look at my life, I see clearly that most of them mean nothing. Obviously not family and friends. But everything else is just something to fill the void. There is nothing I enjoy. I never feel like I make a choice. 

I never wanted to drive, but my family made me so I could go out on my own. I realise I never go anywhere. I never wanted a job, but my family wanted me to earn my own money. I waste it on things of no value or importance to try and make myself happy. But I can't. 

On top of all that. I have no one to talk to about all this. If I tell my parents that I'm depressed again (I went in a very bad state when I was 16) they'll just assume I'm stressed with work or uni and tell me to get a grip like last time. My best friend has drifted away and my newer friends are not the people to talk about this stuff to. I would get in contact with my best friend, but it's just too awkward for me since I met her "fiancé". (If you haven't guessed, I fancy her a lot. One of the many reasons I hate myself). And I am not going to a doctor. Drugs don't help. When I was 16 and super depressed, I chunked down antidepressants like they were smarties. 

Speaking of smarties, I'm lactose intolerant. So I can't even eat what I want. All of my favorites foods gone in an instant. How did this come about? The doctor said it was most likely triggered by the stress I had been feeling. Fucking STRESS?! Jesus Christ. If that's true, I'm gonna be intolerant to fucking oxygen by the time im done writing this. Anyway, I digress.

I used to go to counseling. What a waste of time. I can sum up what they told me over a year and a half in four words. "Don't think about it". WOW THAT SOME GOOD ADVICE RIGHT THERE! 

"HEY EVERYONE, DO YOU FEEL BAD? WELL JUST DON'T!"

So, to conclude, I have nothing. No choice. No one to talk to. Nothing important to me. 

I take that back. I do have one choice. Whether I live or die. And man, does die sound like a great option.