I'm done, it's over, I have nothing left and nothing to give.I live in a townhouse, things were finally looking up.  Finances were in line, we were working towards paying off our old debts from when things were beyond tight.  We were getting our lives in order so we could buy a house.  All this finally clicked into place as of about two months ago.  We have more dogs than we should.  They're rescues and most of them are under 10 lbs, so we've kind of gotten away with living in places where we shouldn't have so many dogs.  But apparently someone in my white yuppie neighborhood is really nosy and a jackass and reported us.  Now we're faced with either get rid of all but one of the dogs, or be evicted.  These dogs are like my children.  Why is it you can say "you can only have two dogs in this neighborhood!" but nobody ever says "you can only have two children in this neighborhood!"  Children are JUST AS destructive as dogs, if not more so.  My dogs are well behaved but nobody gives a fuck.

We just moved here six months ago or so, and I can't handle this.  Now we're frantically looking for another house and we're trying to find one that's legitimately pet friendly and will let us have the dogs, only we weren't expecting to pay pet deposits and security deposits and shit up front.

I can't handle this anymore.  I have given up.  My choices are give up my dogs, who are like my children, or upset everyone I live with and have to move, AGAIN.  And that's IF I even find a house that will take us.  I'm a totally useless piece of shit and don't even deserve the things I have.

I'm broken beyond repair.  I have so many dogs because it gives me a reason to keep going.  I have my dogs because they need me.  And if I kill myself, then who will take care of them?  But now I have to get rid of them.  So who cares if I'm gone?  Nobody will miss me.  All I am here is a paycheck and a bitch.

I know that I shouldn't have so many pets but if I didn't, I truly sincerely believe I would have killed myself by now.  Ironic how it ends up, I guess.  My pets keep me from suicide but America's unforgiving perspective on pets is going to lead me to it anyway.

I don't know how I'm going to do it.  Last time I got talked out of it, and this time I don't think there's any more backing down.  So long, Reddit, and thanks for all the Karma.