ldr breakup hurtI don’t want to kill myself, that feeling has passed, but I am in a lot of pain. I’d appreciate any kind words right now because I’m really not doing the best.. 

Things between my ldr and I was rough, and I was on a sinking ship trying to keep us both afloat. A few weeks ago he wanted to leave me, and maybe we should have ended things then. It wouldn’t be anything compared to the pain I’m in currently. But he agreed to continuing to try to stick things out. 

I flew out to another state in the past week to spend some time with him.  To be fair I have been pretty disconnected all week, and haven’t wanted to do much, but at the same time I also deal with mental health issues that can be super draining.  I wanted to speak about our issues in person, but never found the right time, because things seemed alright. And when I finally did crack of how I am feeling, he dumped me. The reason I had been repressing my issues for weeks now is because last time that things had gotten bad, the same outcome happened &amp; it really hurts my soul. 

I found somewhere to stay yesterday, and he came over for about 10 minutes, my conversation that I wanted to have got cut off with, not having things in common anymore, distance, &amp; being 1 sided because he doesn’t care to put the effort in. 

It’s selfish and it really hurts. 
I have seen him 6/7 months consecutively making trips down, and not doing much for myself at all because I don’t have much money and whatever money I did have was usually spent on plane tickets. 
I just don’t understand why he didn’t just ghost me etc a few weeks ago, I don’t understand why he spent a week with me acting like things are fine, just to destroy me. 

(One thing that was extremely sus, was the fact he’s always on his phone now &amp; when I’d look he would kind of hide it away when I’m messenger..)

He used to be such a sweet person, and he changed, into someone that just doesn’t care. Don’t get me wrong, I have my own flaws, but I can identify them and I’m working on fixing those. 

This entire thing has just engulfed me really.. it just hurts putting so much effort/time &amp; money, just for someone to throw it all away. 

It hurts, so much. 
I want to hate him, but even now, I care so much about him.