Rough time lately, really need a friendThings have been so bad lately. I have already gotten through some really bad things. But just this past month has been thing after thing and I've been trying to handle it. My cat had to get surgery and then today I had to rush him back to the vet because one of his sutures came out, and everything has just been really dramatic and difficult lately, and I don't have anyone. I just don't have any support, and I can't take it anymore. I have this "boyfriend" in Alaska but he's gone a lot, he's usually not even available due to being in the middle of nowhere or something and he's supposed to come back Christmas and I'm supposed to show I'm strong without him but I literally want to die because I have no one else and I can't do this. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I've reached out to friends and people know I'm having a hard time and they just don't care. I really just don't have any friends at all and I can't take it anymore and it makes me feel like I don't even matter and if I can't get my shit together then I can't even be with this guy and I don't feel like I have anything to live for and it's a problem and people hate me for that but I don't know how to find something to live for or get through all this shit and then live for anything and I need help but no one helps and it's always been this way and yes I help myself, I've been going to therapy for 6 years. I do all the work I'm supposed to do. What is so wrong with me? What is so repulsive about me? Is it these problems because that's not fair, it's just not fair I can't just shake them away. I've even tried to do that but I am so lonely, there is just no one and I feel so pathetic and I never used to drink but I'm drinking now because I just can't handle these things, it's too many things and no one is listening to me, no one cares. And I'm tired, tired of trying and I just need someone to talk to and there's literally no one to talk to. I've even reached out to old friends. No one fucking cares about me. I just don't understand what I'm supposed to do. 