I'm a useless existanceMy life is worthless, I fucking hate myself, nobody cares about me. I was born a mistake and born differently, born to hate myself because of my own appearance and because I'm different. I never asked for this life, I never asked to be mixed, I never asked to breathe. Racism, rejection, neglection, is all I've ever been through ever since the day I was born. My real dad beat my mom and left when I was very little and my step dad was racist and hated me. He taught me to hate myself and hate everyone else, he taught me to stay away from people. That's my reason for severe anxiety. He said he was sorry and he isn't like this towards me anymore today athough he is still a major dick and still a little racist sometimes. I just don't think he will understand what he has actually done to me. He destroyed a part of me and I will never recover from that. My mom has left me alone with him and my brother and sisters a couple of years ago. My full sister has completely left me alone with them because my step dad and her would always fight and argue. She doesn't even go to my school anymore so I can never see her. The only reason I think my step dad wants me to stay with him is so I can be used by him. School has made me want to kill myself for years. Ever since 9th grade when I tried to kill myself because I was being bullied and framed for making fake accounts on facebook. Everyone hated me for it even though it wasn't me. Like my "friends" or anyone else actually cared about me anyway. School before and after my suicide attempt has just been so dark and completely going downhill at home too. My dad fighting with me, drinking, and being a jerk. Everyday is just so repetitive I feel like I'm slowly losing my sanity. I spend the majority of my time locked in my room completely away from everyone. I stalk this very beautiful girl I like on facebook sometimes. I look into her life and see how beautiful she is. I see how she is so happy hanging out with friends and actually doing things. She seems to have a great supporting family too that can actually get her things. I think about that, I think of how I would love and do anything to be her. She is super smart and just so beautiful. She can get straight As in all of her honors classes and I see her going to college. Unlike me an ugly poor dumb peice of shit in special ed classes. I kniw I'll never be abke to go to college. I score a 13 on my ACT even though I tried my hardest. So basically if you don't score a perfect score on a test you have absolutely no reason to live right? Because that seems like what the school is telling me. But this girl has the perfect life, perfect appearance, perfect everything. Infact most girls are perfect. I may not understand but thats just the way I feel. I get rejected or completely ignored by every girl I have feelings for and I hate myself for it. I'm an ugly piece of shit with no motivation and no reason to live anymore. I'm about to turn 18 and my senior year is about to begin and and I just don't think I can do it. After high school I'll die a sad lonely death. I don't think anything anyone will say will change the fact that I am a terrible mistake. I just know I'm going to kill myself soon.