I just need to get this outDepression isn't something people like to talk about. 

If life was an apple, depression would be the dark rotting part. For some it's not as bad, for others their whole apple is molding. It's the part of life that's nasty, the part we don't want. 

Some of us, are lucky. We learn to move on, we find a solution. For others we can't. Whether it's because we just can't find a way or simply because we don't know how. 
Some of us are afraid to tell anyone, like we're a freak. Some of us build up barriers and hide behind our walls. Some of us just go numb.

A person who has nothing, is scary. 
I know what it's like to not want anything. 
Not even to live.

I don't usually talk about what's hidden in my mind, about the voices that bring me down and such. I usually just hide them deep down within my heart, hoping to make my mind busy enough to where I'll forget.

My mind is filled with feelings and memories in which I can't erase. Feelings that will haunt me for the rest of my life. 

I don't usually talk about it because I hate to bring others down. Its like a black hole that pulls you and any others it can grab ahold of. 

Depression is not something that can simply be cured. It takes time, persistence, and strength. Acceptance, forgiveness, sympathy are all keen in helping ones recovery. If only it was as simple as choosing the blue pill.

I truly don't want to die, I'm scared of dying. What comes after? Who will take care of my loved ones? Is there really a punishment for suicide? 

Even though I'm not brave enough to take my own life, I know because I've tried, that I'm also so tired of living. 

What is truly the point of living this life if the world can go on without it? 
We're all going to be gone, and all memory and accomplishments will be for nothing....
Thoughts like these are what I bury beneath my music. 

But there is a silver lining.

Hope.

Its inside each and every one of you! It's what gets you out of bed in the morning, what makes you look forward to something new, it's what keeps us moving forward! 
Whether it's the hope of a new friend. A job or promotion. Heck, even if you're like me and you're just waiting for that new game/movie to come out so you can experience yet another amazing story! 

It's okay to be sad.
It's okay to be angry at the world. 
It's okay to be selfish, hateful, and scared...but as long as you have hope and the strive to be a good person, the world will eventually be good back. 
It'll give you an opportunity, a loved one, and/or a companion. And you don't let it go by, you build up the courage to seize it and Don't. Ever. Let. It. Go. 

Treat others how you want to be treated, and someone will listen and do the same. 

I've met many great people on here and I'm very grateful for their time and friendship. And it all started with someone taking the time to write a simple message. To anyone who's feeling lonely, sad, or scared...take the time to go meet someone new. Ask questions, offer ideas, share stories! Each and every one of you are amazingly awesome and unique in your own way. I can promise you that. 

All of us here know that life is a roller coaster. That it has it's ups and downs. Good days and bad ones. 

But truly, we are the creators of our lives and the paths we choose. We, you, are the ones that makes our life worth living. You decide how it's going to be. Build up your strength and courage, and choose your destiny!

But when you're down, feeling alone, it's okay to cry. 

It's okay. 
It is. 

I love you. 
I'm sure you have someone else who does too. 
Even if it's your silly dog who's trotting around your room looking for a bite to eat. 

Someone in the world cares for you. 
And I care about you. 


I want to see a world, in which you are smiling. 

Always remember that. 