I've set an exit date for myself.I need to rant, read it or not, I'm just going to write away. 

I'm a 38 year old dude, had an okayish childhood. My parents weren't good parents but at least I was financially secure. I was raised the same way you handle dogs when you lack diplomacy: orders and slaps if I misbehaved. I was terrified of my mother and spent more than 20 years doing exaclty what I was told being scared shitless for myself. I grew up to be a good head taller than her and stronger but even then I knew how to be afraid of anyone that had so much as a shrink of authority. 

After puberty she wondered a lot why I wouldn't go out and mingle with people, I don't think she knows the impact she had. But to put it in short: I didn't learn how to behave and act with people, books were my escape and still are, I can understand the protagonists and the antagonists when I just don't get the humans around me. 

I tried to learn how to, with group sports especially, but I also went to a psychiatrist, cut contacts with my idiot parents and went on on my own. 

When that failed, I hit other areas of my life I could succeed with, I worked, became a physiotherapist, volunteered abroad for the red cross and at a suicide hotline, got ripped. I joined online dating for months but at the end of the day, I'm not attractive or desirable. 

It got me depressed, so I went back to therapy to handle said depression, it worked and I went back to keep on with life. 

Lately, I've just been contemplating my life. I never had a girlfriend, I barely have friends and I can't be half-assed to keep them for long, I'm balding, wrinkles appear more and more. I'm getting old and I never enjoyed my youth. 

I'm set, I spent life alone and it's not worth it. 

I don't like my life, but I can at least leave on my own terms, my 40th birthday will do, I can binge some series and visit south america which I always wanted to do in the meantime and then I can leave this shitty existence behind. 

Rant over, thanks for reading.