I just don't know what to do anymore...Hello reddit.  This is my first post ever.  I just made my account even though I've been a long time reader of reddit.  I wish my account-creation could have happened out of a yearning to finally comment on and up-vote things I enjoy.  But it isn't.  It's because I don't know what to do anymore.  

I am 18 years old and am in my freshman year of college at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.  This is supposed to be the best time of my life, or one of the best.  It isn't.  I feel crushed under the pressure of trying to figure out what to do with my life.  I have no idea what to even consider going into.  And I am absolutely terrified by that.  The monotony of my routine has made each day blend into the next.  I am constantly tired, and can never seem to get enough sleep, even though I'll skip my first class often to sleep more.  I have not been to my first class in a week.  I felt no urge to go to it.  This also terrifies me.  What terrifies me the most though, is that I have not talked to a counselor yet.  

I have clinical depression, and saw a therapist for well over a year to get help for it.  I stopped seeing him this past summer, in late July/early August.  That was huge for me...I felt like I had everything together.  And before I knew it, I had a familiar feeling starting to invade my life here at Madison.  I still don't want to admit it, not even now, that I'm still depressed.  My mum even asked me if I was depressed when I was talking to her on the phone recently.  I calmly told her I wasn't; no way could I be.  But I know that I am.  I just feel overwhelmed by the complete lack of meaning in life.  And I hate when people say that the meaning of life is what you give it.  I feel that is a lie.  Life is cold and pointless, filled with people who only care about themselves and how to better themselves.  And I don't want to deal with it anymore.  

Before I started seeing a therapist, I tried to kill myself twice.  I stopped myself both times; the second time I was closer to being successful.  I have told no one this, not even my therapist.  It is one of my darkest secrets.  From the mask of happiness and joy I put on each day, no one would ever guess that i would ever try such a thing.  And now...I still don't want to stumble through this joke of life.  I am sick of the stress and stupidity of the world.  I have many friends who are amazing and wonderful; I live with my best friend who I've known for 7 years.  But even though they are great...I doubt they would notice my absence.  

The only thing in life that continues to truly give me happiness is my girlfriend.  I've been dating her for over a year now, and she is fantastic.  She knows me better than almost anyone.  I can truly say I did not believe in love until my relationship with her.  She, like myself, has depression.  I am fairly certain that if I ended my life...she would be affected.  She is all that is tying me to life anymore.  And I'm afraid soon I will stop caring about that, or will convince myself that she will not care.  In essence, reddit...I am afraid of what I might I do.  I am scared of myself.  I am tired, and I hope this post still makes sense.  Why should I continue to live?  Why?