Don't read this, even my thoughts should shrivel up and dieI actively ruin my chances at happiness and just feel like a burden on the world. I'm just a miserable person and nobody likes miserable people. I don't know what to do. I don't want to take medication because then ill feel ok chemically without really changing. my old therapist said all the time how they don't know what i think happiness is (being happy at least half the time) and they always said people never change very much, they are essentially themselves already. i feel so much worse off for having heard this. once they said some kind of faith is a strong determining factor in if someone is happy. if you believe something because you want to you aren't doing it because it's true. is false hope really all i have? i thought they weren't allowed to push religion, i must just be an especially desperate case. I don't function well at all and i hate myself and everyone else too. mentally ill just seems like code for burden on society that no one likes. I'm worthless, worse tha that. I should quit drinking but don't want to live longer. I'm attracted to conflict which is agreed upon by even me to be terrible. I physically hurt myself and fantasize constantly about bad things happening to me, thigs that ruin my life. I picture my life falling apart or being tortured and murdered, half the time i want it to happen. I deserve it and I don't want to ever forgive myself. the world would be a better place if everyone as useless as me killed myself. sometimes i want to tattoo all the reasons to kill myself on my arm so i finally am reminded enough to the point of being driven to suicide. i want things to get bad enough that i just fucking do it already. myself and everyone else would be better off. I really get the feeling that happiness isn't for me was the central point my therapist was trying to get at. Therapy made me go from miserable all the time but trying to be happy to just having no hope. I just want to want to kill myself bad enough to do it 