Scared for a suicidal friend trapped with debtI feel helpless to help my suicidal friend. I've looked at the generic stuff online and even went on a suicide hotline IM to 1 on 1 talk to someone about him (wasn't super helpful, not that I blame them since I wasn't the one feeling suicidal, and just made me feel bad for taking up their time)

TL;DR my suicidal friend is stuck on a native reserve they're not happy in with climbing credit card debt and more fun stuff. I guess I'm mainly looking for pointers to deal with someone who has financial issues caused by depression when you don't have much more money you can lend to help them

&amp;#x200B;

One of my friends has been depressed for the \~12 years I've known him and has a lot of mental illness in his family. He's been really suicidal for the last 6 months at least, probably longer. About a year ago he stopped showing up at his job. About 5 months ago he told me he had maxed out all his credit cards ($6000). He had no money for rent or food, a good part of this because he cared more about weed by his own admission. I've "loaned" him $2000 and another friend loaned him probably a month rent. 

Recently, after (finally) talking to therapists he decided to move back in with his mom on a native reserve to try and recoup. This hasn't gone so well as his relationship with his mom is or has become rocky. It's also next to impossible to get a job on the reserve since he has no car. Additionally, he left with no notice to our friends he had been renting with so they need him to keep paying rent while they find a new place. I can't blame them since one of them has also borrowed money from me recently so if he doesn't they'd probably be evicted. He's also having difficulty finding a new therapist. The result of this is that he hasn't made any improvement to stop smoking weed like he wanted and a couple weeks ago he said he actually started walking to a place he wanted to kill himself.

I've recently realized more of my money than I thought is from student loans and lost a few thousand from the stock market crash. If our friends are able to move out soon I can keep mustering up cash, I don't want their relationship with him to be damaged, but seeing as there's a pandemic going on that probably wont be the case.

Now it seems my friend is stuck in a shitty situation with building debt and I wont have the money to loan him to move out while he tries to find a job if he asks, he said he was trying for 4 months and it never happened. The reserve he's on has always sounded like hell on earth. Everyone just does drugs all day; A lot of people a racist because he's half white; his mom had to be tested for hepatitis after his aunt broke in through a window, attacked her with a bat and stole her valuables; his cousin and a friend beat someone hosting a party to death, stole their truck and had one person run people over while the other stood in the back hitting people with a bat that dodged it.

I don't want my friend to wind up killing himself or doing something stupid with a bat, but I just don't know what anyone or I can do.