i'm tiredi'm 13. i'm in 10th grade and taking an ap class, an honors class, and 2 collage courses as well as an elective. i got an invitation to the national honors society. i've had straight a's since kindergarden.

i sound perfect, don't i?

yeah, i would be lying if i were to say that i love my life. the exact opposite is true. i've always been held to these high standards, and i wish it could stop. 85% on an essay for ap lit? bad. 90% on a quiz? bad. 78% on a hard concept for computer science where the teacher is also an absolute jerk? bad. because of this pressure, i've had anxiety probably since i was 11.

plus, i look in the mirror every day and get reminded that life will obligatorily be harder because i'm a queer woman of color in the US.

i just hate myself. i wish it could all stop. i wish someone could give me a hug and tell me that that B+ is ok, that i'm still doing fine. 

i'm abnormal, different in so many ways. i have literally one friend(i couldn't tell him this either). don't want to tell my parents. a therapist might tell my parents. my only safe space is the internet, and my parents don't want me on that either because of predators(i'm not going to run away or give someone my full name, address, and social security number).

my mom also said that people who commit suicide go to hell(not in relation to me). that made me feel worse. 

also my aunt died recently, suddenly, she was healthy and really an angel

i just want to punch a wall. or sleep forever. or make jokes with my friend on roblox. or hug someone.

i've been working late lately

before you say "it gets better" or "you've accomplished so much" or "what do you have to be sad for?" just stop. stop. those are insensitive statements. i hate when people say those things because they make too quick an assumption on what someone's life is like. you aren't helping when you say that.

*recent politics* have also made me sad. joe biden hasn't really said much regarding things he will do for the lgbtq community, and donald trump's a 'phobe. 

nothing's working.

also these A- and B+ and C+ are making me feel stupid

forgive spelling errors and stuff, i'm tired and sad and just wanted to write this down.

i'm tired of life