I am 17m, I thought for the first time about ending it allThis is going to be long, so please bear with me. I am 17 years old, and I get abused mentally by my mother. My whole family thinks that whatever the fuck she is doing is fine. We do fight a lot on different occasions, and in most cases she have done things to trigger, annoy, or abuse me mentally. When I reply by showing anger she just becomes suddenly angry and starts gaslighting the whole thing while explaining it to my father(my father lives in another country for work). Every time after these fights, I have to come and apologise, even if she was wrong. Overtime, she thought that she could do anything and just assume I am wrong, since I come and apologize. Today, she had done the most wrong thing anyone can do. I was sitting in my room, watching a video with my headsets on a bit high volume. She called me three times, and I heard her on the third. I replied back asking if she needs anything from me, she did not answer. 2 minutes later she starts shouting so hard and threatening me that if I don't come now and hand her my phone she will kick me out. When I came out to speak with her and know why she called in the first place, she said that I have to do a certain chore (could be done in ten minutes and I never refused to do it) and I should hand her my phone right now. I said that I want to listen to music while doing the chore, so I need the phone. When I am done I will hand it. Of course she didn't like my humble request and she started yelling and ranting for about 10 minutes that I am a total fucking piece of shit, and I will cause her to fucking divorce. And also she had enough with life and she is going to commit suicide because of me. After all of this bullshit, I gave her the goddamn phone. While doing so, she started crying and saying that if my son disobeys me at this age (I am 17 as I said), then he is going to hit me when he grows up. It was like the 4th time she said something like that in this year. I went extremely angry and then I started clapping sarcastically. I know that this simple thing is wrong, but I wanted her to understand that her bullshit won't work on me this time, since every time she said so, I came to apologise even if I was wrong. I, for the first time in my life, thought about committing suicide. And also I started thinking about running away, but the idea of killing myself is just dominant. I am trying to hold back but, I barely can. If this happens again I will lose it.

I tried to speak to my dad and inform him of the shit my mom is doing, and he always tries to defend her, even if she is obviously wrong. I even once told him that I am really stressed about my life, and whatever my mom is doing is stressing me out. He started talking about his childhood and how harsh it was, and he said I am in no place to complain. He also said that since you only care about studying, you are not stressed. I am the one that is stressed. I told him that everyone has a mental capacity of stuff, and since you are older you can handle more things. He straight out ignored me, and my crippling anxiety.

I lost hope in my whole family, and in life. What shall I do?

Edit: my mom acts like an Asian parent. High grade expectations, is trying to force me to pursue medicine, thinks that doing anything that Is not related to school is wrong. All of this plus constant shouting on literally any thing that goes wrong, even if the thing was trivial.