Just when I'm making headway...I've been great actually,  i know some of you might have been curious.  Got a raise at work, stopped drinking to cover my depression,  got over my ex (for the most part),  decided to move in with my brother....    


Buuuut,  i guess one of those things was wrong.  I get home tonight (still rooming with my ex,  while i make arrangements to gtfo),  i have a drink,  watch a great movie,  cool with my cat,  and that's it.  The ex is out drinking and surely will come home to start a fight soon enough.  Last time she was out until 5am, so i have time.    


I get in bed (couch),  start a documentary to try and pass out to,  cause i have to be up in the morning, Aaaaaaaand here it comes.  The ex walks in, whispering to someone.  No big deal,  she isn't THAT much of a bitch to bring a guy home (even though i suspected she has moved on). Nope,  she has a chick friend...great!  Last time this happened her friend was cocked out and started breaking shit in the house.  Please,  please, PLEASE, let them ignore me and chill the fuck out.    


5 minutes later the ex opens the door,  pulls the cat from my room,  and says "gnight". I can tell she is hammered.  So since I'm up,  i decide to get food.  Her friend is still here. God dammit,  here we go.  I get my food,  walk up stairs,  and shut and lock my door,  so that nobody will barge in.    


The ex knocks,  i open,  she staggers and says hi. She then tried to grab my hand. Nope.  Then she looks like she is trying to kiss me,  but i keep having away,  and kinda laughing.  She says "fine". And slams her door.  K,  gnight,  drunkie.    


I throw on my headphones,  ignore the outside world and try to ignore life cause it's starting to get shitty again.  Rumbling, starts passing from one room to the next.  This is what happened last time, but then it was laughing,  yelling,  laughing,  arguing,  laughing,  screaming bloody murder... This time i hear laughing,  dog jumping from the bed,  silence... And then booom... Pound pound pound,  and porn style moaning.  This bitch is either munching or getting munched,  or they're fucking scissoring.   


Most men would find it hot,  but I'm fucking seething.  This bitch brought some slut home to "fuck" and do it loud enough for me to hear.  It's honestly just destroyed me for some reason.  It hurts,  it feels cold,  and i know it was on purpose.  I leave next weekend.  Could she have waited to reveal her secret,  or maybe just waited and i didn't have to find out? No.  No the cunt couldn't wait.  I'm so fucking glad she's happy (major sarcasm), I'm not,  i hope she gets some sort of std and pisses blood for the next month.    


I don't know why this has gotten to me so bad.  It feels the same as if it was a dude.  You're not really supposed to know when your ex has moved on, but now i know,  and i know it's some ugly butch bitch... Yeah i looked her up on facebook cause she moaned her name.    


It just goes to show how worthless i am to people.  And what did i do this week?  Denied a very sweet girl because i didn't want her to have to deal with my ex.  I didn't want to lie,  and i didn't want her to feel that she was a rebound or anything... Cool...good job.  Why do i exist?  My life is a mess,  and I'm just a fucking joke.    



Once again,  i REALLY don't want to be around.  My life is some dark comedy.  Slow camera pan from a wall as we hear loud moans of ecstasy. As the camera starts focused on the wall,  a large blurry lump appears in the foreground. The camera stops, the musical sex ensemble continues. The camera focuses on the large blur. It's a man facing the camera.  His head partially covered by a blanket,  resembling a child scared of a monster in the dark corner of the room.  A single tear runs down the mans face.  Fade to black.  A gunshot is heard.  The sex stopped.  Female A- what was that?  Female B- probably nothing.  Keep going....End