what do with myself? I have nothingteenage boy btw. sorry if is this is messy I just don't want to do with myself. but I'll just spill my guts out here because I need anyone to just..help me.  
 hi. I have no where to go. But my life is okay. But I feel like I just can't fit into the world. I feel like I was placed on the earth with no real place to be. I don't talk much, I had this pointed out to me several times today alone by people, teachers, etc. And I try my best to be good..at least I think I am. I try to do well in school and have decent grades this year. But i've been in school maybe 8 weeks now and everything has just been falling apart. 

Nothing happened really I just. Got sick of everything around me. I'm tired of putting up this act, having to force myself to participate and dragging myself through whatever thing I'm doing in class. Every day has been getting more and more painful.   
I'm in advanced english and I wonder why the hell I do it. Because I'm not in any of the other advanced classes like others and the workload and what they ask of me, god. Like all these worksheets and all this creative work that I just can't dp anymore. I've been in these advanced english classes for 3 years. It's not that it's hard, I just don't want work outside of school. All these stupid projects about understanding literature. ha, all of the fun stuff in schools and all the creative or different stuff I hate, like we are probably going to do a group talk with the whole class about the book we are reading. I hate that. I've been having a nervous breakdown over that. I'm the person who rather instead of doing anything fun I'd rather sit and take notes and read. Cause at least I have control, at least I can be calm and not have to deal with this stupid stuff. I can't imagine myself walking to get my highschool diploma, celebrating and such. I'm scared to grow up to be honest. Everyone is excited to get their driver's permit and I don't want to drive.  
I can't see myself as a functioning adult. Because when I see the 2 adults who raised me, I don't see anything good about adulthood and I don't see myself as prepared for any of it, because..I have no social skills.

I'm a mess and I just need, some hope. Everytime I try to look for some good in the world I can't. I hate living in the world. I don't want to kill myself to be honest. I just want to dissappear. I'm tired of pretending in school. Pretending and playing along with the schools rules and games. I've had 5 mental breakdowns since the beginning of this school year, my online friend had to calm me down so many times over the course of these few weeks.

I don't like who I am at this school. I don't like how people treat me at this school. I'm treated as this toy that people throw around and leave when their done with. All my "friends" did that. They then just went on and joined different groups and became more popular without the dead weight of me and a few of the leftover friends. We are the ones people laugh at. Because one of my friends is fat, the others are weird.   
I try to be good person but my efforts get shit on. I try to be upbeat about my bad life, my toxic, racist mother which I won't get into. I had, some friends before. But that was a lie. Because now I only have like 3 friends. and we only stay together because we are all we have.  
I can't remember the last time anything good happened in my life. People I thought I was cool with, ditched me.

I had this one girl I liked, we were talking a lot in PE. I thought she at least considered me a friend. But no, she has been actually acting like I don't exist, not even glancing my way whenever I pass her. And I know why now, because of something my friends did, the ones that are still around that is.

I feel, so so about my friends. I guess. The 3 friends I have left are okay. They make racist/homophobic jokes like any edgy teens.   
The girl I liked was a part of a very, homosexual group. Don't know if she was gay but she liked hanging out with a lot of people I knew were.   
Apparently one boy who I know was in their group got mad at my group of friends for being "bullies" and like homophobic.  
So I'm guessing some time before this. The girl I liked, found out about the people I hung out with and just decided to ignore me. I got lumped into this just because I hang out with my friends. The only people who do really both to even give a shit.  
And I tried to make other friends, but those were the ones who ditched me for something better.  
Am I just a bad friend? Is everyone in my group a bad friend? I don't even know, I'm rambling, but I'll keep all of that i just because I..just need someone to tell this stuff to.

I never really like to post about myself online, mostly because most of the time it doesn't help or people say the wrong things online. I know this because I've had my online friend helping me for 2 years and I even pushed him away for the time being. He's offline for a week and I can't even apologize for telling him to fuck off when he was trying to help. He was the only person I could talk to about this stuff and for now, I have nothing.  
What the hell am i doing with myself, I have assignments for english due tomorrow and I'm sitting here feeling depressed. Why can't I just be like everyone else in the advanced classes? Smart, good looking, social, and liked by people. It's funny my friend of 5 years ditched me as soon as something better appeared. He hangs out with all the band kids now. He was always good with music.  


I asked my dad to move but he didn't give much to go off of. All I know is that I might move next year. Might. And even then it'll be too late by then. I hate everything around me. I'm treated unfairly by a teacher as well. He yells at my group of friends when we are participating but doesnt yell at the other 10 people not doing anything. Just because we are the weird kids. It's biased. 

Are my friends bad? Do I just get lumped in with them is that why everyone ditches and hates me?  
I try my best to keep up with everyone in my advanced english class but I'm just not good enough. I'm a mess coming from a broken home who thinks he can be like all these preppy kids when I'm just the weird quiet kid who no one would miss if he died

I went into this post telling myself I wasn't suicidal but, I just want to escape and die now. I'm sorry. To everyone. 

That's enough I'll stop myself from talking. This whole post is a swirl of everything going on in my head.