I talked to a friend about my suicidal thoughts. He was supportive before and now he doesn't seem to want to talk to me.I've been struggling with my depression since March. Recently, I've been contemplating over suicide. Every morning I wake up thinking of whether I should do it or not... Somehow it's something that comes to my mind every time I wake up. 

I thought of opening this up to a friend and he said a lot of things that help me ease my mind... He was empathic and since I like photography, he told me to send him the pictures I've taken and that he'd be a happy audience. He said that he'd always be there to listen.

It helped a lot but the thing is sometimes my depression would resurface and so I'd email him again about it. Once, I sent him a link to a funny meme. We chatted for a bit via email and then later on I asked him if he's still there coz my suicidal thoughts were back. Wasn't able to tell him why I asked him if he's still around - that I was having anxiety attacks again and that I'd like to vent out. I think he didn't know but he said "Sorry but I'm busy. I reply when I can but please understand when I don't"

That's the last message I got from him. 10 days on, I got back from a trip to Bali. I tried to enjoy the trip because I wanted to take my mind of my depression. Though it was fun, it didn't heal me. Sometimes, I would hide in the toilet of my hostel just to cry... I messaged my friend again when I got back and told him what I feel and he stopped replying.

I thought he's tired of me and this made me feel even worse about myself. My desire to commit suicide became stronger as this time, I feel that I don't have anyone to run to anymore so I'm trying reddit. 

I couldn't kill myself - each time I think of it I would collapse in my bed and cry. But I also don't feel like I want to live.

I appreciate anyone who's willing to give advice or listen. I don't know why but I sometimes have good fun days, and then suddenly I feel like I should die. I also feel that my friend has given up on me... Is it my fault?