I hate myself as a person. I hate how I look.I'm a 20 year old virgin male, still living with mom and stepdad.

 I am unattractive; my face is long and chubby, it looks exactly like an eggplant, I have no cheekbones so my eyes have big bags under them and I look like an elderly Slavic man,  my nose is severely broken to the side and one of my nostrils are flared open, I basically look like an orangutan. Yet my long chubby face is off-put by my extremely skinny disproportionate body. My hair is also extremely fine to the point where you can see my bare skull if it's not styled a certain way.

Second, my personality is toxic. I am EXTREMELY socially anxious, I talk to nobody at my workplace and when I do I come off as very awkward and naive, I honestly think I have Aspergers. Everyone at my workplace avoids me like the plague, and the people who do talk to me talk to me like a child. I ruminate all day over this and beat myself up 24/7. I am unappreciative of those around me who actually care about me, and I'm always trying to seek validation from other strangers, even if it's just fantasizing about it.

I have no goals, no aspirations, no motivation, nothing. I lost all my old friends, they even called me 'weird' and 'alien-like' because of how I behaved around them. All I do is play videogames and smoke weed. I was given an IQ test by a psychiatrist and scored 124, which definitely boosted my self-esteem, yet I feel like I have 0 common sense because I come off like an idiot in front of the people I work with and never seem to remember anything. And this isn't from smoking weed, because I've been like this for as long as I can remember. 

I am going to school this January for welding and have no idea how I'm going to survive even a week in there. I have no desire to weld yet it's my last chance for any type of formal education. I graduated highschool with a 2.5 gpa. I've been depressed for as long as I can remember which is basically the main reason I performed so poorly in school.

Also, as a nice cherry on top, my dad died unexpectedly just a couple months ago. The most important person in my life, and my best friend. I am absolutely done with everything and have no idea what to do. I am seeing a therapist but I feel like it has hardly made much of a difference, talking with him is just me venting and him making me question my own thoughts, which end up in me sort of 'agreeing' with his point despite my doubt. 

I have honestly considered electroshock therapy. I feel like a hollow husk of a human. I am constantly deducing things about myself and feel constantly stuck in my head. I feel like I already know the purpose of life and why things exist and I'm bored with it. I will never believe in a god. I feel useless.

Is there anyone out there that feels the same way as I do? I am so ashamed of myself, I'm so cringey and weird. I just want it all to end.