I want to die and it is so petty.This is just sort of a rant that I feel the need to post, this can be ignored or deleted or whatever, I just have no one I feel like I can talk to or want to bother with this.

I hate feeling like this because I have no good reason for feeling like this, I have as many good irl friends as I feel comfortable managing with my mix of dyspraxia, aspergers (albeit quite minor in my opinion) and being an introvert in the privacy of my home. I have a lot of online friends, I am pretty well liked in the communities that I have been accepted into. Although I am not happy with my body and genetics overall I am no longer overweight (kinda skinny fat but nowhere near as bad as I used to be) and have multiple body parts that I do like. I am not particularly ugly, I am pretty average looking and have gotten compliments from people of both sexes while also having facial features that I personally like, in fact people get mad at me for making bad jokes about being ugly because they really don't think I am.

I haven't been bullied in a long time. While still being a virgin I have had girlfriends irl and online and have had the opportunity, just turned it down for whatever reason. I am somewhat intelligent, not going to be in mensa or anything but I am not stupid. I am in community college and slowly getting to where I want to be in life. But while saying all this, I hate myself and I hate my life.

Although I have a natural dissatisfaction with my life, my genetics, looks etc. My feelings of wanting to end it all is culminating from the last girl I loved. I believe this because I just rejoined a group I added her to that she won’t ever leave.

It was a long distance relationship and I loved her a lot, I broke up with her twice, the first because she lied to me, we had an honest discussion about sex and she lied to me about being ready so that I would visit sooner. When I did end up visiting I wasn’t treated like shit by certain members of her family and she acted quite selfishly, sexually and emotionally. The second time because it just didn’t feel right and practically it wasn’t going to work. Her mother now hated me, she was too scared to tell her father about us being back together, she wasn’t making the right plans to ever visit me and things just didn’t sit right with me about what she did previously. Throughout this relationship I had anxiety and insecurity because at the time I was uglier and less attractive as well as she was not truthful about some things. For example, her exes, I met 3 of them and I had to find out about her past relationships through third parties. 

I am bringing this up because although I broke up with her, I can’t tell if I am still in love with her or I hate her. She rejected me and made me feel like dirt sexually and emotionally and yet, knowing she got back with an ex I was anxious about crushed me a few months ago. I also have learnt that she has said things to some of my online friends, downplaying what she did, making me out to be a sexual fiend only going out with her for sex and never loving her. I can’t work out what is wrong with me, why she of all people didn’t want me. I feel like after this experience that no one will want me, I feel like I am going to fail at everything I want to achieve in life, I feel like I can’t connect with girls again like I did her and I just don’t want to continue like this. I keep thinking about making audio tapes like in 13 reasons why and then just jumping in front of a train or tube on my way back from london one day. I am not making any big plans too far ahead of time because I think I am going to do it this time.

This rant probably seems spastic and doesn’t make sense but yeah, I needed to get things off my chest, looks even pettier now that I read it like this though lol.



TLDR

Had a bad LDR relationship where I felt sexually rejected and treated badly when I finally visited her. She is back with an ex and her being in my life in anyway causes me to want to die for petty reasons. I just cant shake it and keep fantasizing the different ways to die and I am almost afraid to make any plans ahead of time because I think I may finally do it this time.

Also I am just going to note that conventional help is not an option, I can never see my college therapist/counsellor till after my depressive spells, already had a GP betray my trust and break a law when I opened up in the past and can't afford private therapy.