Please helpI’m just rambling

Please help. The world is going to shit. I walk through the halls of my school and the people can laugh and complain about their stupid petty problems. They don’t understand the dangers around them. They don’t get that nothing matters. We’re all going to die in a few years any way. They don’t get it. They act like idiots for “popularity”. It pisses me off how people can be so care free. So stupid and ignorant. I want to believe there are good people but people around me squash that idea into dust. There are people that I like but they don’t get it either. My best friend is an idiot. He doesn’t understand. I know that sounds horrible to say. I’m not a good person either. I try to be. I want to be. But I have thoughts of doing horrible things to people. I’m plagued by the thought of having total sexual control of someone. I can’t get them out. Sometimes I just want to destroy and kill. But I can’t. I won’t. I hate that I can give others advice and give them hope but that advice is meaningless to me. I don’t follow it. I say I have reasons to live but I don’t. I would be fine dying, disappearing. A while back I tried to talk someone down. I told them how their method was slow and painful and they thanked me. I’m scared. I’m tired. I’m paranoid. I want to cry but I cant. I hate the idiotic feminist ideals. Fucking man-spreading bullshit. I hate it. It pisses me off to no end to see people complain about petty problems in front of them when they can’t turn around and see the looming problem about to kill them. I want to help. I want to do something meaningful. But when you have your spirit, your hope, your happiness crushed by people it hurts. I want to live up to peoples expectations but I won’t. I’ll be a failure after all the encouragement I got. I’ll disappoint my family. I’ll just end up cold and alone hanging with a rope around my neck. At least then I won’t be able to feel the cold. I won’t have to shiver in the darkness. I can float. Dark. Not feeling, not aching, not alive. I don’t know when. I don’t know how, but I hope I can rid this miserable life soon. I want to sleep. It wouldn’t matter, the world is dying while we sit on our shitty devices and distract ourselves. While greedy people turn a blind eye and continue making  millions of useless prices nylon and paper. I’m a shitty person. I get mad. I want to have control over women. I want to kill people. I want to destroy everything. I want to destroy humanity. So one day I could watch the stars. The galaxy. Did I you know without light pollution we would be able to see the galaxy. I’m sure it beautiful. But I will never get to see it. Just another great thing the “wonders” of technology have brought us. I want to die. I’m so broken. The only reason I’m really making this post is to get sympathy. Im begging for attention. I’m going to die. Alone. Cold. A disappointment. A virgin. An idiot. A broken person with more life to live. Someone who was a waste of life. With a rope around his neck. Please help.