No one's gonna save youI'm getting my gun tonight. I don't really know how to use it but I am taking these last few hours to try to research how, because I realized that I simply cannot continue.

Like all living things, I'm scared to die. But I know that I need to. I can't cope with this reality anymore and the insane cruelty and injustice of this nightmare world.

Every morning I wake up and I am instantly hit with despair. I lay in bed for a while trying to will myself to get up, to work, to feed myself. For what? I long to return to the sanctuary of my dreams. I am in an inescapable hole in every aspect of my life. My home, my job, my family and friends (well, lack thereof). I feel helpless and hopeless to do anything to better my situation or that of anyone else. In fact, I am reminded every day how my presence in this world adds to the suffering of others.

I feel nothing but suffering and I see the suffering of every living creature in this world and there's nothing I or anyone else can do. Every living thing is born, suffers, and dies, often horrifically. And none of it matters. None of the trillions and trillions of living things that have ever lived mattered or will matter, no more than the life of an ant you trample on the sidewalk. It's the horrible truth of existence. I see creatures being bred and tortured to feed the extravagance of other beings. I see babies being born in this horrible world, to toil and suffer until they die of some horrible ailment or disease, their youth and lives used up like a battery to pad the fortunes of the greedy. I see humans and non-humans in cages. I see the oppression and the pain of all things, the cruelty that is inherent in a universe where life must consume and destroy other life to come out on top. I think about the injustice of it all every day and I know it sounds pretentious, but there is no one I can talk to who understands this existential pain I am constantly feeling.

We all have but one life to live and we make this world a living hell for everyone and everything and ourselves. My only comfort is that it will all end someday. My suffering, everyone else's suffering, this world, even the universe itself will someday end. 

I wish someone would come save me. I wish someone would stop me at the last second from pulling the trigger and make everything okay. Because goodness knows I can't save myself, though I've tried. I wish that a loving god exists and there's a better world somewhere and that all this pain MEANT something. But I know that, like a dream or a story, is only a fantasy created to escape a horrible, unfathomable truth.

I really hope I can will myself to finally do this. Under cover of night I will find a safe place to do it. Because I can't bear to wake up again tomorrow.