Physical pain turning psychologicalI've been in the hospital for over a month total throughout this year. Colitis, intestinal perforation, return of the intestinal perforation after 3 months with an abdominal drain, and now this...

Got calm and relaxed (and okay, tipsy) by my fire pit a couple weeks ago, and fell asleep. Big mistake. A log that was sticking up out of the pit burned enough to split and fall and catch my pants leg on fire. I woke up to the lower half of my leg on fire. Terrifying. By the time I got my pants off and screamed for help, my partner came to help me inside and as he was removing my sock, he found it melted to my skin. Rest of my leg was CHARRED. 

He took me to the ER which rushed me to a burn unit a couple hours away by ambulance. I had a skin graft and stayed there a couple nights. Was sent home and am to return in a few more days to get the dressing off and plan my next skin graft (they said it would take at least 2). 

I also have a colonoscopy scheduled for December 29 to ascertain how much of my lower intestine will need to be removed bc I will need a resection at the beginning of the year. 

I am in constant pain because of one or the other. Years before this I had been diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, ADHD (primarily inattentive), Chronic Major Depression, Seasonal Affective Disorder, and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I have been hospitalized for a suicide attempt 20 years ago. 

I feel like I'm losing my mind, y'all. I can't tell what's real and what's not. My brain is trying to kill me, telling me I'm a burden and I'm worthless and everyone would be better without me. 

Strangers telling me that's not true won't help. But I know I NEED help. I'm writing this to ask anyone who might know WHERE do I go? I don't have money or insurance. Should I ask my parents to have me involuntary committed? They offered. Is that what's best? Should I return to the burn center and tell them I'm having suicidal ideations and I don't think I can trust myself to be alone? Where should I go, what should I do? Right at this moment I don't want to die but these moments are becoming more fleeting and it's becoming harder not to give in to the part of me that says the pain would be over if I just shot myself in the head outside in the woods where my family wouldn't have to clean up the mess and they would probably just be relieved that I'm not a burden to everyone anymore. 

Please tell me where I can find help. I have two children who lost their father 4 years ago when they were just 8 and 11. I can't orphan them and I'm so scared that's what I'm going to do soon if I don't find help. 

Thank you to anyone who responds. 