Yet another one...I'm only 21 and you could say I have so much of my life ahead of me, but I just feel too discouraged with how my life has been up to this point to bother going on. I'm a senior engineering student at a top-ranked university. While others have been doing research or internships all their time here, I've been a complete failure and have done absolutely nothing to better myself for a career after I graduate. Like this past summer, where unlike everybody else I spent the summer going through therapy with no successful results. My major doesn't interest me anymore; I'm a senior now and I feel like I don't have a major. I've wasted 3 years of college and will graduate next semester with a degree in a field I don't care about. I have absolutely no idea what I want to do with my life, and I'm in the point of no return as far as switching majors is concerned. I know I'm not the only one that feels this way about their career and stuff, but these other people at least have other stuff going for them in life.

While others have been or are in relationships and seem happy, I sit here as a lonely 21-year old that has yet to even go on a date. I've never even been kissed or kissed a girl before. I didn't even hug a girl until my sophmore year here. Sounds like something a geeky teen might say, but this is coming from a 21-year old adult. I had virtually no friends in high school and never even went to a prom or anything like everybody else here. I can't help but feel like I missed out on a big chunk of life, and I'm surrounded by people who actually *lived* the first 21 years of their life. 

And I know I'm not the *only* one for which the last two apply for people here, but I feel like these other people at least have some sort of relationship with family to fall back on. My relationship with my parents is non-existent and will continue to be so because I can't forgive them for being so distant to me and my brother for all our lives (especially when my brother has been dealing with depression as well at home and attempted suicide, and my parents never noticed anything). I have no relationship with my mom because there's a huge language barrier, and there's nothing I have in common with my dad. My parents were just there to drive me to school, to sign important documents, and provide the essentials of food &amp; shelter. Outside of that there was literally no interaction. There was nothing for us to talk about as I didn't know them and they really didn't know me. I don't know old my parents are. I don't even know when their birthdays are.

So my career life, romantic life, and family life have been utterly pathetic and non-existent. What else is there? People usually say at least you have friends, right? But I have a hard time saying I genuinely have friends. I'm not actually *close* with anybody in my life. I'm just *there* sometimes. Nobody ever calls me specifically up to hang out or have lunch or anything. And it's senior year now; everybody has their close group of friends and stuff already, and I can't help but feel like the lonely freshman that is still eager to make friends.

And then I look at the bigger picture. There are millions of people out there that have it worse than me (I'm going to a top ranked university after all). People with REAL problems. People fighting diseases like cancer and AIDS (I still have my health...). People suffering in Haiti. People living in fear every day due to terrorists and the like (I still have my freedoms...). My problems are so trivial in comparison, yet here I am unable to stop dwelling on them. It's hard not to feel like a crybaby, you know?

I feel like I've done all the "right" steps. I've reached out to people, I've tried meds (Lexapro &amp; Pristiq), I've gone to therapy and even a support group, but I'm still here in this slump. I know if you look at all the statistics and read all the success stories online, odds are I will get better with time if I continue reaching out, taking meds, and going to therapy. But when I consider the days from this day to that arbitrary point in the future, and if every day is this shitty and if every night I think about this...that's when I start to consider if it is worth it. Am I insane for thinking this way?

Thanks a bunch if you clicked on this link and took the time to read my bitching. I know that there are so many people that post here and I know everybody has busy lives, so it means something to me that somebody bothered to take time out of their day and listen to the problems of an anonymous person on the internet.