I'm just so tired now.I've managed to dread through life and make it to my late 20s, and yet I feel like I'm trapped in a deep dark hole, one that I can't climb out of no matter how I try. I have no girlfriend (never even so much as kissed a girl), lost many friends, and what little friends I still have are slowly drifting away due to relationships. Life just feels so meaningless to me now.

I'm trying to stay alive, trying to stay positive, trying to make myself happy. I'm working out, exploring new hobbies, and above all trying to make new friends and connect with people. However, no matter how hard I try, I feel as though people are not willing to go beyond having small talk with me. I feel like most people already have their own friends and are not interested in being friends with me. As for women, I have pretty much given up hope. After all, no girl would want a guy in their late 20s who has never even kissed a girl...

I've always lived my life wearing a mask. On the surface I am a normal, happy and successful man with a good job and financially secure. I always act happy, smile and laugh, and pretend that all is good with my life, so that is what everyone believes. But underneath the mask, in reality, I'm just a broken man, filled with hatred, jealousy, and grief. I'm too afraid to show it, too afraid of how people will judge me, too afraid that people will see me as weak and reject me for expressing my real feelings. So I continue to live life wearing the mask.

I really wish I had someone to confide to. I want to just let it all out. I just want to express all these feelings that I've kept to myself all these years. I'm so tired of fighting, so tired of wearing the same damn mask that I've been wearing all my life. I just wish someone would ask me if I'm okay. I wish that there was someone I can talk to, someone that I can comfortably remove my mask for.

Why did I have to grow up the way I did? Why couldn't I live normally and experience things that everyone else did growing up? Why can't I just connect with people emotionally? Why does society reject me just because I'm different? God why can't I just live normally and be happy like everyone else? 

It doesn't matter anymore. I'm just so tired now. I'm tired of hating, tried of grieving, tired of being alone. I'm tired of trying to climb up the hole, only to fall even deeper. The only thing holding me back from taking my own life is fear. I'm tired of living, and yet too afraid to end my life. Dear God, please set me free. I just want to rest and forget about everything.