I'm in no position to even think about suicide. But that's part of the problem. Please talk to me. You guys are the last thing I have leftYes, this is a new account for obvious reasons


I'm in highschool.


I'm a funny kid. I have decent amount of friends, and I wear nice clothes. I have great grades, and a potentially great future.



So why? 


It feels at times no one likes me. I can tell. I love to observe people. That's how I started dressing like everyone else. Literal years of looking at the coolest kids and copying what they wore and what they talked about.




And what I observe is a wishing for them that I would just fuck off. My school friends never invite me to parties, although I hang out with them all the time in school.

But who cares? I'm just a rich white Jewish boy. My parents care about me. I live in a great house and I could have anything I ask for. Well, except for the true things I crave in life. The things that I would give up everything to have.




I want love. Girls. I've shown interest in quite a few. No, I'm not desperate. I want someone who I know I want. I don't want some stupid fucking soulless relationship. No one can give that to me. I almost on the daily masturbate to girls at my school on their social media pages. When  I'm done, I realize how much of a fucking creep I am and I cry about it at night. I just want love. I want friends who I can truly call my friends. People I look up to simply reject me as a lesser person. Girls don't take me seriously. Every time I make an attempt to move forward with them, they simply reject me and cut communications with me. I play a sport, too. And I'm pretty decent at that, but everyone on my team hates me because I don't fit in with their stupid fucking team culture. 



Nothing I've enjoyed before make me happy anymore. I still get good grades, I still focus on school. But it's all just me going through the motions of life. No feelings anymore, it's just a full day of me getting rejected and the same mind numbing work and sitting through class. It doesn't fucking end. It feels like it will never fucking end. 




The other day, I borrowed my friends revolver. He gave me six bullets along with it. It sits in my room in a place my parents will never know. It sits there almost calling to me. My life has been feeling so much better now. It's as if I finally have a pillow I can fall on if things stay the way they are. I finally have a tool that can take all the pain away in less than a second. I constantly fantasize how it would be if I could finally escape my hell. Some people, even if they were raised right, were just not meant to handle the stress that we are given in life. That's me. My name isn't worth a dime. I'll be sure to remind my parents and family it was never their fault. No, they are caring, amazing people. It's the stupid fucks in my school. The fact that so many people can be so horrible makes me lose all respect and hope for human nature. People are naturally fucking awful, well, most are. I don't belong here. 

No, I will not tell anyone. I don't need some stupid fucking pity-party. I don't want to be on some dumb fucking suicide watch list at my school, because suddenly I become everyone's business because people just want to think they're doing their job correctly. Fuck them, they just want their money. 




I constantly think about the day I would kill myself. I'd make sure it was cryptic, like some kind of message to all the stupid fucking people out there you made me do this. Other people wouldn't get it, but those who caused this pain would know. I'd eat a last meal. Somewhere I don't normally go. Somewhere for a great meal. I'd play some of my favorite video games one more time. I'd do everything one more time. I'd organize my room a bit. Write a will and a note. I have the entire day planned out. How it would happen. Then I'd make sure I'd die. I'd stand on a bridge about 30 minutes away from me and shoot myself, then I'll fall into the water. That's how it would end. 




Fuck everyone. If I had the chance to take everything away painlessly, I would say yes in a heartbeat. If I had the option to die with honor, like and accident, I would say yes. 



Then, people would have the audacity to talk about how great I was. Fuck you. You were the reason that I died. They'll only do it for likes or attention. I know the real people who mattered in my life. That is very, very few people. And those people would not capitalize off MY death. People are such maggots and their lives revolve around likes and follows and all those works. 



Reddit, please talk to me. You guys are the only website that gives me any kind of joy left in my life. You guys are all I have. Can you please just talk to me. Don't tell me to "talk to family or counselors." I want a real person I can just have a conversation with. Someone who wants to listen to what I have to say. Please.