I can't stop my mind from racing.Deep down inside, I don't really want to kill myself. I just want to be happy, to have friends, and to be able to experience the world like a normal person. 

Every day, I wake up to the same old shit. I force myself out of bed, groggy as hell, never feeling well rested, and immediately I begin to think of all the reasons I hate myself. The fact that I'm a college dropout of the engineering school I worked my entire life to be admitted to. Knowing how much I've disappointed my family and friends. What a waste of resources my life has been. How much better my parents lives would have been had I never been born. How my uncle and employer, once my biggest role model, must perceive me now, a complete failure. Realizing he'll never take me seriously, considering he thinks my depression is just a tactic I use to unconsciously manipulate my family. 

And then the suicidal ideation sets in. I was OK for a couple months, but lately it has been getting really bad again. Every day I commute to work, I fantasize about laying myself down on the tracks. I wonder, which suicide technique would have the highest probability of success and cause the least mess for others. Maybe I'm just inherently a bad person and unlikeable, maybe my suicide really is the better option for society at large. I would be doing the world a favor by removing myself from it.

Probably the only reason I don't kill myself is my mom. She is paying for my therapy, which I began two weeks ago. I am going to keep going, but I see it as a waste of money because I should have been able to make myself feel better already. I read three books in December, two about depression and one about social anxiety. I felt really good for about a month but I'm slipping again. Yet another failure.

I am constantly haunted by memories of past self-harm, torrents of thoughts of what a bad person I am, memories of myself hurting my close friends and ex-girlfriend emotionally, all because I hate myself so much and I can't get my shit together. Every day, memories pop into my head of my dad's abuse and I think maybe he was the only person who knew me for what I really was: a piece of shit. I think, the only reason I haven't gotten over what he did is because I am weak, and his emotional abuse really pales in comparison with what a lot of others go through. Still, I've been suicidal and self-harming since elementary school, so maybe it's not all my fault.

When it comes down to it, I really hate myself. I hate that I dropped out of school, I lost my girlfriend and now I'm losing all my friends one by one. I am beginning to feel really lonely and I'm tired of living like a hermit. I make an effort to see the only 2 friends I have left, but it seems like I'm putting forth all the effort with them. Most days I go to work, come home, smoke pot and entertain myself on reddit. I don't eat breakfast and I eat almost every other meal alone. I've been thinking about quitting smoking but I think my problems run deeper than that, and I'm worried I'd have even less contact with the only friends I have left. 

**TL;DR** + some other important info: I have hated myself for many years, I've never adjusted well socially and I'm losing my friends one by one. I've been working at my uncle's business since I dropped out of school, and while it has been a great opportunity for me, I have no way to meet kids my age. My uncle/boss constantly makes me feel inferior. He works 22 hour days and hardly ever sleeps. Once he encouraged me to take ephedra instead of weed (the "right drugs") so I could be more productive. He has made millions of dollars for a large bank, managing their online mortgage division in the pre-crisis days. I feel I will never be as "good" or as "successful" as him, even though my family was expecting me to, and as long as I'm not, I will be a disappointment to them. I was abused and neglected by my father but I have a hard time believing it really qualifies as "abuse." I am going to therapy but I see it as a huge failure because it wastes my mom's limited money and resources. I broke up with my first love last year, and it still hurts like hell. 