I was almost certain that my trauma would preclude me from lead a somewhat tolerable life. Then, after sharing my story with my therapists, they agreed.My therapist told me that if it wasn’t for my “intellect,” she’d have no hope for me. She then stated that it was still a long shot, and that she couldn’t do it herself, but that she thinks it’s theoretically possible for me to live a “somewhat normal life.”  I’m not a betting person, but I don’t like those odds. I think it was mostly upsetting because her comments confirmed what I feared— that I am too damaged for me to ever truly thrive. In the same vein, another therapist, during the same time period, told me that he wouldn’t blame me at all if I killed myself. 

I’m not mad or upset at them because they are likely correct. You see, I was a victim of child sex trafficking, child pornography, torture, and attempted murder in the first 9 years of my life. Then I dealt with bullying, physical assaults, and a handful of more rapes.

The early abuse, perpetrated by my dad, began while I was an infant and is my first memory.  I was sold to people and groups routinely. They were sadistic to the point where I’d pass out from the pain only to be forced awake, only for it to happen again and again. 

While this was happening and after, my family was oblivious and I managed to keep it together enough to  become successful. However, I never had a single healthy friendship or a relationship of any sorts with anyone that wasn’t at least somewhat exploitative or abusive. And the only people who have come close to being true “friends” (met them about a year and a half ago) ditched me as soon as any signs of my mental health issues started to slowly appear. At the same time, my parents are still happily together, even though the abuse isn’t a secret, and are enjoying retirement together. 

Now I’m 21 and I suffer from severe complex PTSD and disassociation that causes me to loose hours of time and forget entire conversations/things I’ve done/etc.  I don’t ever sleep without nightmares. I have multiple flashbacks a day. When I’m not having flashbacks, I’m completely numb. I’ve landed in the ICU after a suicide attempt a few months ago and have had a handful of other very near-fatal attempts. I first tried to kill myself when I was 6.

Now that it’s not just me who thinks death is a rational choice, it’s a lot harder to justify sticking around through this pain.  I’m not in any huge rush, just realizing that I know how this is going to end.