CBA to move forward in life. It's had its chance to get better, but only digs deeper.**Incoming massive wall of text.**

Originally I was going to post as a response to a question someone posed in r/depression about using video games and other media to escape reality and depression, but my answer turned out to be a little long-winded so I decided to just make a thread and maybe get a little feedback.

I started playing World of Warcraft at the tail end of high school in 2005 after having severe depression for more than 10 years. The escape was critical to my daily life as it allowed me to just forget everything that weighed me down. I spent an exorbitant amount of time in the game and was never bothered while playing it because everyone ignored me anyway. I sought treatment for my depression only once at the request of my mother, which didn't help me and went nowhere. Fast forward to 2011 - I still played WoW until recently because I have finally lost interest in the game. I really have no drive for anything anymore except for when one of my very few friends wants to hang out. Other than that I really feel there is nothing more for me in life. I don’t attribute any of these feelings toward the use of any media. In fact it’s quite the opposite. The games I played growing up helped me escape my feelings in much the same way a traumatized child may develop a multiple personality to protect themselves from ongoing abuse.

I often think about suicide and have even written letters to leave behind in the event I decide to go through with it. My first suicidal thought was at just 11 years old, after four years of verbal, mental, and from time to time, physical abuse from literally just about everyone around me. We were at my neighbor's house one night when I saw he owned a gun. From seeing them in movies and by spending time with my uncle, who owns a lot of weapons, I knew what it was and had at least a half-informed knowledge of how to operate it. At the moment I saw it, it finally sank in that I now had the means nearby to give myself a quick death and end it. For whatever reason I never took it upon myself to try it, though I thought about it a lot for a very long time.

The abuse started when I was seven. We had just moved to a new town that turned out to be quite the Christian-leaning community. Basically if you didn’t go to their church you’re the devil and need to be cast out. My family didn’t go to church at all, and my parents never experienced this problem because they didn’t socialize with the community anyway. I faced the brunt of the unwelcoming committee alone. I was singled out by everyone around me: students, teachers, administrators, counselors…everybody. I was the bottom rung on a very tall ladder. During my time in the school system of this town I was verbally and mentally abused, beaten, humiliated, and on two occasions stabbed. They were careful enough to avoid going too deep to warrant a hospital trip. This continued for a decade. At first I went to people for help. That’s how I discovered the school staff wasn’t there to help me. Then I went to my parents with the problem and they just shrugged it off thinking I was being over dramatic and it was just kids being kids. I begged people to stop and to leave me alone but no one listened and no one cared. I had no friends to turn to and I grew up alone in a very hostile world. I soon learned that any emotional display or even any speech or social interaction was just more fuel to the fire. So I stopped reacting to anything. I didn’t speak to anyone. I didn’t look at anyone. If the class got up to go anywhere I made sure I was the last one out of the room to remain out of their sight. During recess I sat away from the class where nobody would pay attention to me as long as I was quiet and didn’t look up.

I met a girl late in middle school who became my best friend. Everything seemed brighter when she was around and over time I grew to love her with every fiber of my being. But, emotionally weak and scared as I was to appear weak, I never said anything. Years went by and in 2007, in my attempt to prevent displaying weakness I actually succumbed to it and let her slip away. October 2010 she and her fiancé asked me to be a groomsman in their wedding. This event I had to button the fuck up during to keep from losing it.

I made horrible grades all the way through school. I attribute that to the fact that all I could think of every day I walked into school was getting the hell out again. Instead of repeating my senior year of high school I dropped out and got a GED. Two years and shit else under my belt I decided to join the Air Force. My aspirations were high and I signed up for what seemed appropriate: Pararescue. Knowing the physical punishment the training would be I began a fitness regime that many would call excessive. The only notable accomplishment of my life was passing the special forces physical aptitude test to qualify for the program. And after nearly a year of preliminary physical training I shipped out for boot camp. Basic training was easy enough, but half way through I was sent with the rest of the SF trainees to have a flight physical done and repeat the SF physical test. Part of the physical included a pretty detailed eye exam. During which, I was given a vision test I had not done before and was unable to complete because my right eye drifted out. It soon came out that I had double vision, an automatic disqualifier for all armed services, and was classified as an erroneous enlistment. I was promptly pulled from training and placed in administrative hold, then into medical hold, and transferred to 319th TRS (the place they send injured trainees while they draw up discharge paperwork). A month later I was sent home.

So here I am again. Back in the place I wanted so desperately to escape from. No house to go to, no money to get a place of my own, and no job to support myself. I wound up moving back in with my parents, at which point I sank into the deepest level of depression I had experienced to date. I struggled to get out of bed. I slept excessively. I skipped meals, sometimes all of them. And for one month I rarely left my room for anything other than to use the bathroom. I stopped caring about my physical condition and hygiene. And I talked to no one. The friends I knew before wanted to see me but I never answered the phone as I kept it off. And for a year and a half I had completely given up on life. In 2009 I found some inspiration in the idea of becoming a medic for the fire department and went back to school to get my EMT certification. I had to repeat half the program because I failed the cardiac/respiratory section (I passed it with a b+ the second time through and made A’s and B’s on everything else in the program). Upon graduation in 2010 I applied to the fire department in my county and all surrounding counties for 50 miles and got no replies. Around this time the state experienced EMS budget cuts and instead of hiring new EMTs/firemen they were instead being laid off or turned away. Back to square one. 

I don't really feel anything anymore emotionally. I have been given news of everything from the death of a family member or an old friend from high school to being turned down again for a job. I even had to have my dog put down because of his worsening ailments and held him in my arms and hugged him as they give him the injection.

I really don't know what to do anymore, or even if I really care. I'm going back to school again in the spring, but I think it's more out of habit than any desire to move forward. I still seriously contemplate suicide fairly often. I have the means of doing so while making it quiet and relatively painless. The only thing I'd have left to plan with it is when to do it so as to have as little impact on anyone else as possible.
So there it is. Very little of this have I ever told anyone that didn’t have a legal obligation to keep their mouth shut. Sadly, it doesn’t feel as liberating as I had hoped.

