i really just need someone to tell me i'm doing the right thing and that it will get better soon.went through a breakup a month ago. it's getting better but i still wait for him to come back. i don't think he will. i compared us to derek and meredith from grey's anatomy. he texted me to tell me the other day that he was on season 11 and meredith ripped up their commitment. I think he was saying that he thinks it wouldn't have worked out if we had tried again.

it's not awful anymore, i don't spend every day crying. but i live for a glimpse of him. i removed him from all of my social media and haven't responded to any texts in three weeks with one exception. saw someone post him on their story, unfollowed that person. saw a video of him from the summer on another person's story and i watched it multiple times. i stay up late waiting for it to get late enough that he's gotten high and is probably thinking about me. 

knowing that hes thinking about me doesn't help. i stay up late just in case he texts me and says that he made mistake, he doesn't care what his family thinks of me, that he just wants me back. he hasn't posted on reddit in 20 days, he probably made a new account to rant about me without me seeing, as i did. 

i'm seeing a therapist. i made a list of things to do to get out of my comfort zone. i tried reinventing myself. i dyed my hair, bought new clothes, bought a new phone to get rid of the reminders on the old one. i deleted all of our texts, moved all of our photos to a hidden folder.

why do i still think he's coming back? when will it go away?

i know he still checks up on my social medias even though he's removed most places. sometimes i post things solely for the reason that he'll see it. it's nothing sad or pitiful, just a picture that i know he would've liked, or a picture where i look especially good. 

it's all for nothing though, because he hasn't come back.

when does it get better? I need someone to tell me that i'm doing the best that i can and that it will get better at some point. it's been a really couple of months. i relapsed into an ED and am only now recovering. it's been about a week of consistent eating, and i guess my appetite came back too. i check r/unsentletters and read them, hoping one is for me. if it seems applicable, i look at the account and look for a trace of him. i look at all of the notes on [theunsentproject.com](https://theunsentproject.com) because he knew i liked that website. i hoped and prayed that he would say something for me, anything. but none of the messages were for me.

i feel like i'm doing everything people say i should do but it's still so hard. i have checked his reddit account almost every day for the past three weeks and nothing changes. it's the definition of insanity. why am i like this????