it hurts too much. i'm an attention seeking piece of shitI feel so uttertly alone. Its not even funny. I am a pushover and I can't talk with people. I want things to just get better soon. I have no friends except maybe for one, but they have other more worthy friends. I'm sick of this. I AM FUCKING TIRED OF FEELING LIKE PEOPLE LOOK DOWN at me. I eat in the bathroom because I can't eat in front of others. I can barely talk to anyone. I am a naturally extorverted person I use to have friends before but now its all gone. All I can think about is how pathetic i am at certain points. I've hurt others and people have hurt me and then I hurt them again and its just an endless cycle and I don't want to do anything with it. When I look around me I see people smiling and happy and deep down I know that most people in this world aren't happy but I can't help but pity myself and want to be like them. Seeing that most people aren't happy with themselves makes me more sick. I see what happened with my family members they are all miserable. I just can't do this shit. I get brushed over easily as if i'm not there. I don't get bullied or anything. I whine too much when there are other people going through other situations. It hurts to know that one of my friends doesn't care about me. We were friends before and now I started to become more quiet and I've once texted her 'I feel like you don't like me anymore so I think we should stop talking...' and then the next day she just pretended as if I didn't say anything like that. Then I stopped going to her during lunch and she has other more happy friends and she says hi to me but I know that I'm useless and no one gives a shit. Am I really that fucking pathetic?  I always fucking contradict myself. I'm a very selfish person. I only care about what I want and this thought makes me go crazy. I'm scared that as time progresses that I'll turn into a disgusting human being even more than I am right now. Maybe I should just leave before that even happens. Today I know its stupid but something triggered me. Today was homeroom and I was lost trying to find my class and some short fat lady was walking fast right. So I tap her on the shoulder and I ask her four times 'Do you know this room blah blah' and she just says 'oh I can't hear you'. And then I ask her louder and she still says it again and then runs off. I'm pretty sure if I was a beautiful engergetic looking girl or a handsome tall guy, she would awknowledge me. I'm sick of it. I may be over analyzing but I really am just tired of it. I've gone through a jarring event during my childhood and I won't say what but has affected me. I use to be a attractive person but my apperance day by day is detortiating. I'm losing all my hair and I can't do things properly. I have a family member who things that praying will solve everything but it doesn't. This darkness I'm feeling isn't of g**. There is no such thing. And I have another family member who says that I'm depressed and that I should chant happy afirmations every day because that'll make me happy. Such bullshit. I'm sick of being alone. I AM FUCKING DONE. I feel like i am stuck in time. I am sick. I am sick. I don't understand. I think I might h  g myself or use a g n But I'm terrified of dying. I'm sorry because there are people who have worse things going on in their lives like abusive families,rape, ptsd, etc and I'm here whining like a little shit. I'm sorry for wasting yourtime . I'm sorry. I can't do this anymore I caon't I can't. this is too much. I know i'm awkward. This feeling is just pure hell. I tell everything to my mom and she cares about me but honestly there are certain things she doesn't get probably because she had it a whole ton worse than me. I feel like people are just put in this earth just to suffer and decieve each other. This is it. I hate feeling this way when there are worse things going on in this world.