Just need to vent a bitMy life isnt that bad, truly, but I'm still unbelievably depressed. I have a loving family, friends, I'm in college, but it still feels like I'm a failure, I find no motivation to do anything. I only am ever proactive when I really force myself and even then they're baby steps. I naturally don't want to talk to anyone, for some reason, and I hate myself for this, the deep down the only thing I want to do is sit around do nothing and smoke weed. And I dont know why, I enjoy going out and doing things but I will never take the first step. It feels like I'm just floating. Like when I leave school I'm just going to get hit hard with real life and fall flat on my face. I find social interactions tolerable but I never really enjoy them. I'm 19 and have yet to have my first girlfriend because for some reason I'm afraid of someone learning that I'm really not worth loving. It just feels like I'm not good enough. I was heavily depressed in middle school and early high school before coming out of it my junior and senior year. My parents think I'm thriving, and I just dont have the heart to tell them the truth. Everyday I find that I'm telling them more and more lies. I see the possibilities in front of me. I know if I really tried I could have a relationship like those around me. I see the clubs and sports and people that try to talk to me and know that I could be this well rounded likable person but It just feels like I dont care enough to get there. I'd really prefer to sit in my dorm all day playing video games, smoking weed, doing homework and sometimes hanging out with people. My interests, although existent feel unimportant. I just dont see a happy future for myself, and thats the scariest thing of all. I want so badly to be someone who can just allow themselves to be happy. But for some reason I can't and so I'll keep circling the drain until I either continue existing in what feels like the shell of a real life, or I fail spectacularly and I just end it. Neither seem optimal for someone who was given as big a head start as I was in life. 

Anyway, I've never said any of this to anyone before