My girlfriend is suicidal. Not sure what to do anymore.So where to begin...

We have been dating for over 6 years.  We live together and have two dogs and recently have been struggling finically because I went back to school.  She comes from a really crazy home situation where both her parents are drug addicts. She blocked most of them and has not had a relationship with anyone in her family for many many years. Last year she discovered she had 4 older siblings that were taken away by CPS before she was born.  She was molested twice by two different men at two different times in her life.  A few months ago she tried cutter her wrists and I took her to the hospital where she was put on a 24hr hold.  She went to therapy after that but stopped going for financial reasons and not clicking with the therapist.  Since then, suicide attempts are a bi-monthly occurrence.  Mostly trying to slit her wrists sometimes in the same spot when the wounds haven't even healed yet from the previous attempt. She has had a very rough past but turned out great knowing where she came from and what she could have become.  All of her other siblings have severe addiction and health issues. 

Tonight we got into a petty argument and she immediately went to trying to cut her wrists and then when i stopped her she locked herself in the bathroom and tried hanging herself with a bed sheet.  I saw her run in so I picked the bathroom door and had to carry her out.  She says that she will never go back to the hospital and that if I call 9-11 she will 100% kill herself when she gets out.  She is falling asleep in the other room.  I have been peeking in the room every now and then to make sure she is okay.

I have tried getting her to go to another therapist but she is unmotivated.  She tried antidepressants but she would forget to take them and then just stopped all together saying they weren't working.  I think she got a sour taste of what therapy was like with her last one.  

I am getting very worn out and am constantly in fear that I will come home and she will be dead.  She says if I leave her she will do it.  What are some strategies or resources to help with my situation?  What are your experiences with situations and people similar to mine?

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;