I substitute vulnerable people depending on me for friendships. I don't know how to socialise properly. Will somebody please convince me to stick around, because right now, i dont feel as if anyone around me would actually notice.I'm 19, and I'm alone.

My 'social life' consists of hanging around at the edge of conversations, occasionally interjecting when I feel like I can, but being largely ignored.  

Nobody talks to me without me initiating it (which my accumulated anxiety about all this shit doesn't exactly help) unless they have some question about something work related.  

I'm not informed, or even considered when organising social events, probably because, frankly, I'm not very good company, being so quiet. Which basically means I hear of them after the fact, as I sit on the edge of a conversation about how much fun it all was.

I started smoking for some reason. Sometimes it helps me clear my mind, but I'm starting to see it as a cowardly form of self harm. So even that makes me feel like shit about myself.

It's after work, when I'm alone, when I start trying to compensate.

I visit various random chat sites, where I seek out vulnerable people. I don't do it consciously, but for some reason, if I can actually hold a conversation with them, there's something fucked up and broken about them.
Self harm, drugs, rape victims, victims of abuse...  

They are the only people I seem to be able to 'connect' with. I'm starting to realise that if I think of someone as approachable, they're probably as broken as I am.

They start to depend on me. Usually 'fall in love' with me.

Eventually they realise that, actually, they can't depend on me. They start to cry for help at me instead, at which point I can no longer handle things and I abandon them.

Usually there are a couple of people like this at any given time, as well as random cybersex partners.

But I'm still alone, sat in my room, not actually talking to anyone.

Its starting to feel like my mouth is fused shut. When I actually talk I'm surprised by the sound of my own voice.

People notice that there's something wrong, so they avoid me even more. It just gets worse.  

Because of this, I can't really socialise in the 'normal' ways. Nobody goes to bars or clubs on their own. You need friends to make friends.

I just don't know what to do anymore. I need help, but in starting to feel so faded and apathetic that I don't really care about finding any.

I know, objectively, that killing myself isn't a solution. But when my thoughts start to spiral, the notion keeps resurfacing. It would all just go away.

I just don't know what to do.