I'm an alien in the new worldNobody cares at all what I think about anything at this point. Anything I like is being stolen and warped into some sort of propaganda piece designed to make me hate myself and make me guilty just by being born the way I was: white, male, straight, and nerdy. Guilty of what I don't know but all I know is that I'm guilty of SOMETHING. That's what I'm told all over the place. Look at what is being told to me from all comers. Thor is being changed into a woman and the director calls me a bigot for not liking the change in the character and wanting to see another character get the limelight long before Jane Foster. I want to see Beta Ray Bill; the character was teased in the most wonderful way in Thor Ragnarok after all. Then the writer for the Black Widow movie admitted that she never cared about superhero movies at all until she saw how much bank the Avengers movies made and realized she could hijack the movies to push her feminist narrative. Characters being race and gender swapped for no reason whatsoever other than to placate the left mob: making Valkyrie in the Thor movies gay, making one of the Eternals deaf and race/gender swapping the rest, and forcing Scarlet Witch into the second Doctor Strange movie.


This shit goes farther than the MCU though. Everything I like is being taken over right before my eyes. 007 is now a black woman. The Ghostbusters were swapped into 4 women. The Oceans series replaced all the characters with women. Star Wars making their main character a painfully obvious Mary Sue that somehow knows how to do everything better than any of the characters from the original movies. She knows how to use the Force with no training, something that not even Luke could do. She could fly the Falcon better than either Han or Chewie despite never even seeing the cockpit of the ship before. She can use a lightsaber without having seeing one of those either. Star Trek has been turned into a harangue against me as well: Discovery's main character is a black woman named Michael. The captain is female as well. In fact there are zero white males to be seen anywhere on the bridge in the show.


Another issue is that people like me, white men, are committing suicide in record numbers as well. Suicide is skyrocketing among young white men in the US. It's not hard to see why if you just look: white males are being ignored by teachers in schools all across the US. Recently there was a kindergarten teacher that only allowed the girls to play with Legos because she had some sort of vendetta against the boys. She thought that the boys spent too much time building shit and if you have women do the building early enough they could go on to the STEM fields because equity is all that matters. Who cares that hundreds or thousands of white males are gonna have to be replaced, they should recognize their white male privilege! Also many women in their 50s that have taken that very route in life have come out and said that their #1 regret was not settling down and having kids. We are teaching our boys that they are expendable. Hell, only men are required to enlist in selective service before they can even vote. We tried making that requirement equal and guess what? Feminists complained that they "didn't want that kind of equality". They just wanted to be handed shit that they never earned.


It goes deeper than just being white and male. Being straight is also something I should be ashamed about. In the LGBTQIA+WTFBBQ community they get pissed when the biological truth about there being only 2 genders is uttered. Hell there was a Twitch streamer that was banned from said platform for stating that exact thing. But nudity or breastfeeding? That's A-OK with Twitch! Also look at the "underground" movement to get pedophilia recognized as a "sexual orientation" rather than a dangerous mental illness. 10 year old kids being forced to dress in drag and dance around while grown men hand out dollar bills like the kid's in some strip club. Trannies demanding that sex "reassignment" be included in insurance plans instead of being sent to therapists and getting the help they need. Parents insisting that their 4 year old boy is actually a girl and that the kid came to that decision "all by themselves", so they need hormone blockers and estrogen pills to be who they really are. So what if they change their mind later in life and find out that they were made sterile by their parents' eagerness to be seen as "woke" over the well-being of the kid? We also have these drag queen story hours as well, where drag queens dress up and read to kids. But what has resulted from that? One drag queen asking kids to grind all over his body and 2 child predators being given access to these kids just cause they dress as women. Asking for a background check is just something a bigot would want! But heaven forfend someone want to celebrate being straight. We have a gay pride parade where kids are being brought and being exposed to men in assless chaps and men kissing men. Want to have a straight pride parade? Nope, celebrating being straight should be shouted down and derided as disgusting. Straight pride = disgusting, assless chaps and being dressed in drag for the sexual entertainment of adults = family friendly!


And that brings me to the last thing that I am being bullied for. I get constantly bullied for being a Republican, and more specifically for liking President Trump. Especially since all the shit that went down this past weekend. People all over the left are using the El Paso shooting to blame Trump and to attack the 2nd Amendment. Calling people a liar who bring up the FACT that Trump asked for unity in the face of hate and white supremacy. That's what happened over at the NYT. Seriously, a preview of the Monday edition of the paper had the headline "Trump asks for unity in the face of hate" which is exactly what he did. But the left hates all things Trump so they got onto Twitter and threatened to cancel their membership if the headline wasn't changed. The NYT did change the headline to include the mention of guns, and attacked Trump for not jumping for new gun regulations. My own family still clings to the Russia hacked the election bullshit, despite there being ZERO evidence and in fact there being evidence that it was the Dems who were working with the Russians. Hell the left is bringing up Russia now to attack Tulsi Gabbard as well. If Russia is in fact hacking our election and our polls in favor of Tulsi they're doing a real shit job of it. Before the debates Tulsi was polling at around 1%. Now? Around 2%-3%. Yeah that's some real help for Tulsi right there. And if the Dems weren't hacked by Russia or working with Russia why didn't they allow the FBI to look at their servers during the investigation? What was on there that had to be shielded from the F-B-fucking-I?

Lastly there's the part where I can't get a job to save my life. I've applied everywhere I can think of and everyone just skips over me. They don't even say anything to me they just ignore me. This means that I have zero money to do anything. I haven't left my apartment in a whole week cause I literally have zero $ to my name. Rent and utilities eat up all the money I get from unemployment.

But does anyone even care about anything I just wrote? I doubt it. At this point I doubt it if anyone would care if I killed myself. I would just be another statistic, just another white guy who couldn't stand to see himself as a ever-decreasing part of this country. A guy with no future and no hope.