I wouldn't say I'm suicidal just yet, but just really, really down right now. You guys seem like the types that could help.Basically right now I'm just really depressed. I don't even feel like getting out of bed anymore. A good friend of mine just killed himself 2 days ago I miss him dearly and we had actually had a bit of a fight last time we talked, so I feel absolutely horrible. His suicide note said nothing about that, but I still feel terrible knowing that it was left on a negative note between him and I. On top of that my best friend has suddenly been distancing himself from me and almost never wants to hang out anymore. Him and I used to be extremely close and nothing else makes me happier than just spending time with him. He's like the brother that I never had, so it really hurts to see us drifting apart.

On top of all that, I hate my job. I work 6 days a week and can't take much more of it. My boss is a total asshole, and the employees I'm in charge of either hate me or are just massive headaches. I recently got a decent promotion, but it was only under the promise that I would be staying for at least another year. So basically I can't quit without ruining my good reference and all that. Not to mention it just wouldn't be fair to them for me to leave so soon.

I just graduated high school and was accepted into both of my top choices for universities, but I had to reject one admission because it was far too expensive. It's really a shame because this is a Top 30 University in the world and I would have loved to go there. So I still have my application to the 2nd university open, but I've been meaning to cancel that as well because if I were to go I wouldn't have any money to survive on, despite this school being a bit cheaper. I'd basically be starving college student x10. Not to mention the massive debt I'll be incurring with all the loans I'd be taking. Both schools are very far from home and I wouldn't get to see my best friend anymore (like it matters though since it seems he's trying to distance himself anyway). I'm completely torn and want to do two completely different things. Half of me wants to stay here and take a year off from school and work this shit job and save up some cash, then reapply next year and just attend the same university I had planned on, but a year later (that is assuming I get accepted again). The other half just wants to quit my job (which would lose any good reference I had, because they've made it clear it would be a big problem if I leave at the end of this summer) and go to school right away. My best friend is going to this school in 2 more years, so I'd see him again some day, but I feel like we'd be strangers by then. He's the only person I even love (in that brotherly way), and that includes my whole family. Leaving him would really, really hurt. Then again that point could all be moot considering that we're drifting apart anyway.

Anyway SW, I'm sure one of you guys will be able to knock some sense into me and give some good advice like you always seem to be able to do.