When I told my ex about my first suicide attempt with a bottle of pills they told me that if I really was serious about ending my life that I would drink the bleach in the cabinet and they're right.Sorry in advance for the long post.... If anyone reads it.

Let me start off by saying I wasn't the best person to be in a relationship with in college. I was well mannered and maintained. I was depressed but high functioning back then. I had good grades, was in good shape, and I could keep my discontent with life to myself. I looked great on paper but inside I felt like something was constantly watching and pointing out how much better I could be. If I could eat less, smile more, spend more time exercising. I had a very controlled life. About two years into the relationship I felt myself slipping. It was harder to keep up the same routine and pretend to be "all there" I felt more ashamed of myself and confused as to why this person was dating me in the first place. Eventually I was not only taking care of myself but I was seeking out ways to matter to the person I was dating. Playing house as they say. Washing clothes, cooking dinner, anything to be accepted like I was supposed to be there with my college sweetheart. They started disappearing more and more from my life. Going home for the summer and not coming to campus to visit. Stopped having sex with me. Their family and friends weren't supposed to know about me. So I did more, I tried to be more and it wasn't enough to keep them around. One summer I took a bottle of pills and expected it to end my life. It was an impulsive decision after they told me that they would not be visiting me that summer. I took one pill, then got up took two more, and more until the bottle was nearly gone. I was nervous, I had never done that before but I laid down and said to myself that it wasn't so hard to do now all I had to do was wait for it to be over. It didn't work and I woke up the next day and ever since I've wanted to do it again. After a night of drinking, I effectively ruined the night by sharing this with my partner. I was the only one drinking. By that time I always had a stocked fridge so that when they did reject me sexually I could always have a drink afterwards. After crying and finally telling about my suicidal thoughts their reply was "That's all ?" I felt very small and weak, a bad joke.  I just didn't understand why I couldn't be a normal carefree person. I basically burned that person that I had built on paper. After that, all I did was cry. I couldn't stop, even when they asked. Sometimes I had to leave my classes because I couldn't get myself under control to stop crying. Eventually they told me that they felt obligated to be with me and if I really wanted to kill myself I'd go drink the bleach in the cabinet. I felt terrible like I should have been able to choose the bleach or something more final. I left a note apologizing, and a cake. Ridiculous but it made sense at the time. I felt disgusting and ashamed of myself. No one should have to be around someone who brings nothing but pain. Now that person that I was on paper is gone. I haven't been able to get them back. Ever since quarantine started I've isolated myself. My phone is off I don't talk to anyone, I quit my job,  and I'm wearing the same clothes from two months ago living off my parents and my savings. Now I look just as disgusting as I feel on the inside. I'm on here writing this post but even this is a joke now at this point. I recently went to the doctor at my mom's request. The doctor was very kind but its always the same: "Everyone is having a tough time right now. You'll look back on this and laugh. My daughter experienced this after college too. If you believe in any religion or God, try to pray. Are you planning on harming yourself you can call the crisis line. I will recommend a therapist on Monday (hasn't happened) and order some blood test, keep taking your medicine." Idk why I expect anything that feels more... more anything. I'm just in limbo and I have been for a long time.