I've tried, over and over. I thought I had a shot this time, I really did.It sounds nice to throw this out to the anonymous world, and I'm really grasping for straws, so here goes nothing.

Im a failing college student, with 100k+ in debt, and not even a Junior yet.  I had a really rough accident that put my whole life on hold before covid, and really started this downturn.  after finally recovering to some semblance of my old self, i returned to school this semester, only to now realize what a giant fucking mistake that was. every class i enrolled in started off well, but I've stopped going to classes because i just cant handle the stress and misery theyre causing me on top of everday life rn. Im going to fail everything. and even if i withdraw, ill lose financial aid for the future.

Im damned if i go back and damned if i dont.

Recently some events have dug up feelings i had for somone. The first girl i really caught feelings for in my adult life. We started off friends, and it was just amazing. She was smart, funny, cool, and for whatever reason, liked spending time with me. Naturally i caught feelings. Never worked up the courage to tell her, but im sure she knew, and i just kept acting like a normal friend because I valued our friendship over the possibility of anything more. 

Long story short, COVID hit and alot changed. our friendship got stressed by various things, and without going into it, I walked away feeling used and rejected, as alot had changed. Theres alot more to it, but the emotional pain surrounding this person is uncomparable to anything else ive experienced, and sometimes i tear up and cry just thinking about it.

I hate myself, I hate that ive wasted so much. So much potential. so much of my parents resources. Just so much. 

I hate how i look, how i speak, how im socially inept, fucking everything.

I used to be so on top of everything. Everything was looking up. Now, i dont see a way out. I dont have the courage to speak to my parents about this fail of a semester, and how to move forward. there is no forward.

Im sorry most of all to you Dad. I cried for hours when you told me the story of how scared you were when you found out mom was pregnant with me. You were worried you be a shitty father like your father, and it overwhelmed you so much. Im sorry for all the trouble i gave you over the years. And most importantly, Im sorry i wasted all the resources and love you gave me. Please understand there's nothing anyone could have done or said. 

The world gave me every oppurtunity and i just fucked it away.