I've gone and fucked up good.So, I've fucked up. Fucked up good. I'm pretty sure I'll make it through this, for now at least, I just need some advice, or just someone to listen I guess? I don't know. I guess I should start with my story here. I ended up hooking up with my co-worker. I knew it was a bad idea. She's got a boyfriend, I despise cheating/cheaters, but I've been desperately single for 3 whole years. I think something happened after my last relationship, I've come to deem myself as "broken". I don't think I can bring myself to fully trust another human being to not hurt me. My last ex cheated on me with upwards of a half dozen or more different guys at once. She twisted my arm into an open relationship because she knew I couldn't bear the thought of losing her and being alone. I eventually cut her off, but not before sustaining a lot of mental scaring. I don't trust people. When I think someone is about to hurt me emotionally I break down into a hyperventilating shaking mess. It's really pathetic. I've worked as a bodyguard for a rap artist, I've worn a bullet proof vest and carried shotguns and rifles to protect people with. I've had guns pulled on me, and I stand tall and defiant, but if you fuck with my feelings, I come unglued. Anyways, I can see all the signs and the red flags with this girl. I know it's not going to end well for me. I ignore them, tell myself not to get attached. We go on to spend what was probably the best week and a half of my life that I can remember. We drank, we partied, I blew loads of money on hotel rooms and dinners and just going ape shit. It was fucking magical. The sex was amazing. I felt like everything was finally turning around. Then she starts talking about feelings, and I caved. I realized I was catching feelings. We talked about it. I realized she was slowly slipping behind the defensive wall I built in my mind 3 years ago to stop myself from self-annihilating. I told her, "Be fucking careful". She promised she would. I ment everything to her. Last night she told me she felt bad about it, and wanted to stop. I've felt bad the entire time, I don't know why I even got involved like this. I fucking knew this would happen. I knew this wouldn't work. It can't. It reeks of the same signs my last ex had. I fucking knew this would happen, and I let it. I'm broken. I don't think I'll ever trust another human being. All of this in just a week and a half. I let someone in for a week and a half, and then I let them destroy me. Oh, and on top of all of this, I just found out there's a several thousand dollar contract out on my life for talking to the police about an ex-associate soliciting a murder for hire. All of this happened in the last 48 hours. All I can do is sit at home and drink whiskey on my couch with my rifle trained on my front door. I don't know what the fuck to do anymore.