I would like help committing suicide. Would anyone reading this consider it? I've considered other options but I'd prefer to get some assistance. I live in northwestern USA and would drive to meet you.My preferred method would be decapitation, but I can't really do that myself. I've considered many other options such as jumping from a bridge or dying by blood loss from a cut to the neck. Problem with the bridge is hitting the ground just sounds awful. And if I survive I'd be in worse condition than now. And problem with the knife to the throat would be that if I didn't succeed in losing enough blood, I would be sent to the mental hospital and would be way worse off than now. Not having that.

So having someone saw my head off is the way I'd like to go. It's quick and a sure death. I'd be up for dealing with the pain of this rather than any other option.

I have some money I can give you, like $200. Sorry that's all I have to my name right now. Oh and I'd probably need to use some of that cash to pay for gas since I would drive to meet you - we'll see if the distance is doable for me. And if money is an issue and you feel like you would need more, I can try to get you some more, but it would be very difficult for me.

You would really be helping a brother out who is suffering enough to want to do this and honestly can't think of any better way. I've tried everything I can in my current situation and I honestly can't cope with the days so doing this soon would be great. I am finding myself pretty much begging for death every day.

We would do it so there is no way anyone would be able to find out who did it. We could discuss places to do it and where to leave my body afterwards. This is probably for someone who doesn't mind gore and has an open mind. Thank you so much for considering this. If you're interested in helping me out we could message on reddit. Obviously using a throwaway account here. And if not, no worries, just ignore the post and have a nice day. Thank you so much for your time.