Tell me one good reason to liveTell me one good reason to live

1) I weigh around 90 kgs. I am overweight even though no one (literally NO ONE) in my family is overweight, not my brothers, not my sisters, not parents or grandparents but I don't know why I am overweight. Technically I should have had the same genetics as my parents but I have the exact opposite. I gain fat easily and have a tough time to shred weight. I can't eat whatever I want to and that's frustrating.

2) I have pimples on my face and have been facing this problem since the age of 14. And when pimples leave my face they leave a spot there. I had treatments for them and it worked but as soon as I leave the medicines they come back. Now I can't be having these creams and capsules forever and it needs to stop sometime. No one in my family has pimples. Right now the pimples and somewhat less but you never know when they will come back.

3) My eyesight was very good since the beginning but in 2007 I had meningitis and after that my eyesight became poor and poor. And finally I had to wear glasses. Now I am stuck with glasses forever unless I do a operation which I feel I don't want to because these glasses shouldn't have been there the first time. My eyesight was good and meningitis changed it. Why do things happen to me.

4) My teeths are not in proper shape as they should as front teeths are not in normal position which is visible when I smile. Even though is this not something that hurts me so much but this shouldn't be there the first time.

5) My height is 5'8 even though my father is 6'1 and mother has decent height for a women. This is absolutely not fair. I tried my best and did exercises to increase height but all in vain. It looks like I am cursed.. No?

6) I used to have man boobs throughout my school and college life l and I used to wear a tight vest so that it compresses my boobs. When I looked online I came to know I had gynaecomastia. This meant my man boobs had to be removed through surgery. How embarrassing is this lol. In the end I decised to have surgery and got it removed but again it shouldn't be there in the first place and I shouldn't have wasted my childhood and college life hiding,not going swiming, not able to take my shirt off and feeling low in confidence for such a long time when I should be enjoying.

7) I think I have phimosis. My foreskin is retractable but becomes very tight during enlargement. I tried to have sex with a girl when we both were drunk but my penis is very sensitive to touch I  just couldn't insert it because of pain in skin and irritation on penis glans. Now how embarrassing and frustrating is this for a guy, I leave it up to you to think.

8) I am extremely shy and low in confidence guy. I can't talk in front of a class or a group. I just can't talk to girls and if a girl is attractive then just forget it.

9) I didn't have a girlfriend my entire life.I just can't talk to them and If I talk then I always become the creepy guy. I have to go to brothel if I want to have sex and spend 300$ for sex which other guys are doing for free. I can only have sex with condom on becuase then my penis glans is covered and there is no friction directly on the glans.

10) I tried to commit suicide in 2018 but it didn't go according to plan. Afterwards my parents took me to a psychologist and he gave me Medicines. I am still on medication but this has to stop sometime and it cannot continue forever.

11) Currently I am studying overseas but I am back in my country because of covid and studying online. I am not getting good marks and just can't concentrate. All the money that my parents have invested on me is going in vain.

12) For last one year I have been noticing hairfall. Now this is genetic in my family but so is being over 6ft height, being slim, and being without pimples and other shit. So this means all the bad things that are genetic pass on and good things are prohibited. Lol.

Now who would want to live such a life? What would you do if you were me?