I'm trying so hard, really.I really don't have anywhere or anyone near me to say this, so I figured I could just post something here to get off my chest. I am devastated with myself and my life choices, mainly with the woman I love. We are married, but currently "separated" because she wants to see other guys. This is the 2nd separation that she throws at me. I only tried again because we have 2 kids together, and during the 1st separation they lived with me. I gave her a 2nd chance for their sake. She came to me asking to try again, it was her idea, not mine. But I said yes. But during the separation she found a better paying job in San Antonio and moved there while the kids and I were still in Florida. So we moved out there with her. Things were good for a few months, til I found out she was seeing her boss on the side and sleeping with him. She was pregnant at one point and it was his. Now I know my solution, now that we're separated again for the 2nd time. Cut her out of my life, right? Move on? Those are no problems. My problems though is how and what she did that effected me mentally. I'm not going to lie, I feel stupid for even trying. I feel stupid for packing up my shit and my kids and moving 800 miles across the country. I feel like I can't trust anyone. I feel like when I try to talk to anyone in my family about this, they play Captain Hindsight like it helps in any way. I feel betrayed and I fucking hate how all this is making me feel. I hate it that she's more concerned with fuckbois and talking to them for hours at a time on her phone, but ignores our children when they just want a moment of attention. I hate it that I was forcibly ignoring shit and lying to myself that this would work. This shit literally makes me not want to get out of bed. Or eat. But I have to keep going. I have children that I love very much, and I got to be there for them. If not for them, I doubt I would even bother with anything. If you read all of this, thank you. I hope you are doing well, and if you're going through hell, find a reason to keep going.