SuicideWatch this is kinda urgent .. I have anxiety issues and they mostly start with being alone. Like now.I'm at my grandmas house right now . I'm in the bath .. Obviously suicidal and depressed or I wouldn't be here on the subreddit.
My boyfriend and I were having sexy time in my room here and we were watching standup on my phone at the same time .. He did something awesome and I told him to keep going and he asked if I was sure and I said please and .. He didn't do it again . I was facing my phone watching the show while he was ya know .. Anyways he just stops and says I'm not paying any attention to him . 

I told him I was and that I'm surprised he didn't take the chance to do that awesome thing .. Anyways . He got butthurt cause I had attitude . Mini fight whatever.

Go back to cuddling and watching the show when he starts snoring! 
I try n wake him cause I wanted to go to the frog room so my gma doesn't think we fooled around .. He doesn't want to and I get upset about the fact he was the one who wanted to sleep together in the first place and was upset when I said earlier we should maybe just sleep separately like my gma suggested .

Anyways I stopped the floor like the spoiled rat I am and he considered that kicking him since he was laying right next to my stomping then he started being really mean and saying I kicked him and that I'm mean and blah blah..

So I kick him. He punches my leg. I leave so I doesn't turn into a worse fight.. He gets up shuts the door behind me and locks it . 


He knows I can't handle this . I can't be alone like this unprompted and while he's mad . I have no one to talk Tocqueville he's ignoring me and now probably back to sleep. 

I know I shouldn't have done what I did but I already cut myself (barely . I stopped myself since I'm getting inspected Monday..) I'm depressed and I don't like being alone . Now I just keep hearing in my head how horrible of a person I am and how I should just kill myself here . 

TL;DR : bf locked me out of my room after we hit each other and I'm alone in the bathroom . 