its almost the 1 year anniversary and im thinking about doing it sooner. please help melast year, on march 14th 2015, my abuser left me.

they werent an abuser at the time (well, yes, they were). they were my favorite person. i loved them a lot.

and then i woke up that morning to a message from them on skype saying good bye, they need to leave me.

and they removed me as a contact.

im not gonna go into too much detail, but i almost did it that day. i cried nonstop, i couldnt do it. the only person i liked just fucking *left* me.

and *then* they became an abuser. i would want to talk to them. they would call me names. their partner would literally describe how they wanted to maim me, how they wanted to murder me in cold blood.

that happened over the spam of i'd say 5 months. i had nightmares.

i was 12 when this happened, and turned 13 while it was still going on.

i attempted to kill myself using children's liquid ibuprofen. i remember the taste of it, burning my throat.

nothing happened, though.

so much shit happened. i want to repress it so bad, but before i know it it's fresh in my mind and im having a panic attack.

i cried myself to sleep. i would cut. oh god, the cutting. i remember doing a total of 30 cuts when i got home from school one day.

i was incredibly unstable.

and then, earlier this year, i got called out on everything i did when i was 12. *12.*

a post one of my ex-friends made on tumblr said everything i did, every disgusting, creepy thing i did. it had screenshots provided by my abuser. my friend's boyfriend contributed to the post, saying stuff i did with my ex, stuff that i didnt want to be revealed. stuff that he was more than happy to do.

people reblogged it, saying "oh my god this is disgusting" and i wrote a suicide letter for the public, saying i would steal a bottle of robittusin and drink it that night.

i didnt do it.

but oh god, the memories. oh god, im so fucking scared that someone i love will leave me on march 14th of this year. its only one week away.

i want these memories repressed so bad.

im the abuser. im the fucking abuser. all the shit i did, all the fucking creepy-ass shit i did when i was 12 and unstable and shit.

i deserved it, didnt i? i wrote that fic. i drew all that art.

THEY DIDNT CARE I WAS 12. THEY DIDNT CARE THEY RUINED ME HE RUINED ME THEY ALL RUINED ME oh god im crying im crying im so scared im so fuckign scared please god if you exist just let march 14th be an average day please dont let him leave me like they did i dont desreve thus anymroe im trying so hard to survive

im home alone i could literally take one of my dad's belts and hang myself right this second and then everything would finally be over. it would finally be over everything they ever did to me would lead up to this moment and i know they wont be affected. theyll shrug. theyll go "oh well. he deserved it" and go on with his life.

im crying im so fucking scared i didnt desreve this but at the same time i did and i dont want this i dont want this.

please god help me

edit: i went throguh my tumblr archives from march 2015 to see if i could find anything from the 14th and i found THEIR FACE I wnant to Throw up i also found the posts of the exact time it got RUINED
https://gyazo.com/1546b78449bde9275542e7d30a8162de