I Shouldn't Have Kept GoingI'm a high school junior, and I have clinical depression and severe anxiety along with a few disassociative episodes.

So, to kinda make a long story short, 2017 was the worst year for me by far. I lost my mother. We didn't have the best relationship. She had schizophrenia and lost all grip on reality. By the time we found her, someone ran her over on a freeway. I was also in an abusive relationship. He didn't hit me since it was LDR, but he emotionally manipulated me. Every time I didn't want to call he'd threaten to kill himself. He would get mad at me at the smallest things and blamed it on me being "smarter." Aside from that, the entire year was just disappointment after disappointment. I was even struggling with symptoms beforehand for years. Close call after close call, friend after friend either dropping me or relentlessly forcing me to keep going. I only started going to therapy this year, but even then, I can't see her often because my school only allows a certain amount of absences. The therapy sessions are an hour, class periods an hour and thirty.

Which, brings me to the title. With the limited resources, constant crying myself to sleep, wishing I hadn't lived this long, not wanting to tell my friends how deep I've fallen, I actually planned to kill myself December 21st. But a bit of an event involving a falling out prevented me from doing so. Long story short, my family snapped, making me snap, making me rant to a few friends who forced me to seek guidance.

I know that I probably sound pretentious as hell. I see people with more reasons than I. But it's the truth. I didn't kill myself on the 21st, so here I am almost a month later and in midterms. And I just got a truth bomb. I'm constantly worried about the future. And I was just told the chances of me actually being able to live my dreams out, working after college and finally finding peace up north, are next to zero.

Nothing feels real. And I honest to God don't want to keep going. I wish I did it. I wish I wasn't here right now honestly. I tried to find a suicide chat because it helped me tons more times in the midst of panic attacks and depressive episodes. But it's taking far too long. I've wanted to die for years now, honestly. I can't find too many reasons to keep going on. If anything, the trauma I'm carrying, I'm trying to cope with it, but I can't. I really can't.

I'm kind of rambling at this point. But right now, nothing feels real and I feel like hurting myself. I don't even know if I want to keep living, honestly. It seems pointless, honestly.