How do I not hurt people more?I think I'm finally at the point where I will be capable of pulling it off. But am too concerned about those around me. I'm just cancerous to everything and everyone, I hide behind humor and come off as the guy people enjoy having around. But now that bullshit is slowly come to light. I've failed everyone in my life. My life is a lie. Even as a 911 dispatcher my profession is helping lives... And I don't do that right. Anyhow I'm not looking for sympathy really just want to know the best way to remove myself. I can't keep ruining the lives of those around me and I'm certain my boys will be fine without me. I was fatherless and did ok, or I guess shitier for the lack idk. They have each other, a mother and two grandmothers for support. My lady admits she would rather live alone with the boys than have me... I'm not or believe I'm not doing this selfishly. I'm not to be living there anyway due to cps, but after I got kicked out, I then was kicked out from my mother's, and now I'm back, by my ladies idea... I'm literally a wrecking ball covered in disco ball material. 

I'm ranting... Anyhow I'm thinking of watching a last sunset and hit a cliff. Hope is to go missing. I'd rather them believe I fled from them than the truth. My son is only two and will not understand till later, the oldest 10 isn't blood mine so I'll just be a friend he lost to time, satisfies ladies wishes to be without me. And my mother whom is suicidal herself will live on hoping I'm out there instead of taking her own life upon news of my death that she has expressed she would do many times.  

I'm worries I'll be found too soon. So I think driving off is a bad idea. Car involvement places me somewhere at least in the mountain range. Wreckage can be traced and linked and eventually plan exposed. Worst case is it causes a fire, then I'd feel bad too, working for the fire /med department. Idk disappearing seems actually impossible these days.

Again I'm not looking for sympathy. I want comfort in knowing the dominoes will fall as intended ig. I'll even try and cover for you. 

Roast me!