Life isn’t getting easierPlease refer to my previous post titled, “death and breakup.” 


Note: 
My mothers husband is manipulative, insults my brothers (they are twins) snaps at them like dogs, calls one of them faggot, has hit them, says black people are the N word, says gay people are faggots. Always angry. Basically, a vile human being.

I will not enter my mothers home if he is there. I cannot give it energy, I have very little left. 

So, one of my brothers (20M) cares for my dying mother and my autistic sister. He doesn’t leave the house, see friends or have any contact with the outside world. That’s how toxic his household has become over the last 10 years, and especially over the last 2 after my mother was diagnosed with cancer. 

Although it’s my brothers choice choice to stay with our mother, I can’t help but feel hurt by it. He has no car, no phone, no computer; no access to music or friends because my mothers husband has broken all his items or taken them away as if he is a child. 

To help my brother to apply for jobs to hopefully find my mother a caretaker, and to help him be able to hear music or chat with friends (escapism so he stops being suicidal) I gave him my laptop and old iPhone temporarily (this was about a week ago) 

My mothers husband doesn’t like this because it means my mother won’t get her food right when she asks, but maybe 30 min later. It means if my mother calls him, he might not listen right away due to having his music plugged in. 

The thing is, I’ve seen the way he treats my brother. He talks to him like a slave... I can’t even say servant because it’s far worse than that. He seems to like having power over them, insulting and manipulating seems to make him feel bigger. 

The other night I tried to kill my self and wasn’t able to. Maybe I was scared, but I couldn’t find a place to properly hang myself. After two hours of crying and laying on the floor, I received a text from my mothers husband cursing me out, calling me an idiot and threatening to break my laptop and phone if I don’t take it back immediately. Mind you, I don’t communicate with him at all. I thought, “I should be dead. Maybe dying is the best choice after all.” 

I don’t want to hear, “it’s going to get better.” Because sure, it will. Then what? It’ll go back to another horrible moment. I’ll heal then get torn apart again and frankly, I’m over it. I’ve gotten raped, taken advantage of, had to get rid of my dogs, lost half of my hair from the stress and much more. My life has been a living nightmare with only a few great moments that are taken from me anyways. 

What’s the point of life? Just life... Which comes with death.

“There’s so much more!”
“What about your brothers?”
“You only knew this guy for a year.”
“I care about you.”

•There’s more, but it’ll get torn down just like everything else in my life.
•My brothers need to fend for themselves eventually 
•Yes, but I gave him all my trust. How does someone care for you then stop?
•Yeah, that’s what they all say

I wish I wasn’t such a coward to die. I really don’t care to live anymore. I’m over it.