I just want somebody to tell me everything's gonna be okayHi. Thank you so much for reading this.

Basically, I'm a very lonely person with an empty life. 

I ended up with this ridiculous crush on this girl on this writing website. I'm such a fucking idiot. It breaks me, because I'm so shy in real life, and I know she'd never want me, since she already has a girlfriend, and I'm a fucking emotional disaster. I don't know why I bother with anything. I was so nice to her, probably too much. I just wanted her to be nice back to me, and she was, but I kind of wanted comfort, you know? I opened my heart too much, made myself too vulnerable. Now, I feel stupid, and a bit used.

Sometimes, people tell me I'm pretty or smart, and that feels great. But I'm not independent at all and that destroys anything I might possibly have going for me. I have a very over-protective family and since I'm so wounded from years of being alone, people think I'm batshit. I use kindness as a defense mechanism, but sometimes that backfires. 

I don't want to kill myself. I just want love, for once. I just wish somebody would care about me, comfort me, praise me. No one ever will, though. Not even out of pity. I never get a chance to build up confidence, because no one wants to bother making me feel worthwhile. I just for once want someone to tell me that everything will be okay. I mean, I could have my parents tell me that, but I don't want that. They mean well, but it's not the same. Like, please, someone just tell me that everything's gonna be okay, even though you don't know anything about me. I just want to hear it. I promise I won't get attached. Just tell me it'll be okay. Please. 

I've been rejected for being too clingy, too standoffish, too self-critical. I don't know how to not be these things. I've been alone so long, and I can't pretend that I'm okay with that anymore.
Thank you for reading this. Goodnight. 

Edit: Hi. I just wanted to say thank you all so much. I really needed that kind of support, and you all were so much kinder and more reassuring than I ever could have asked for. I'm moved, and I feel much better.  I just really needed to get that off of my chest. Thank you so much.