My awesome co-worker helped me in a time of needBack story: My company has a Google Voice line that you can text. If you text this number, either my boss or one of my co-workers will reply. I had the final round of interviews for another job coming up so I had some potential schedule changes that I needed to text my work about.

As soon as I got home one day, one of my family members started screaming at me. This caused me to cut myself. Unfortunately, then I received a text from work asking me to confirm my schedule. I couldn't think straight enough to check my schedule at the time so I explained to them that I had been getting screamed at for 45 minutes straight as soon as I got home.

By the time I stopped getting screamed at, the employee at the other end of the line was out for the day. So my boss answered it. Since this is the final round of interviews, I asked my boss what the company's two weeks' notice policy was. She me to clarify my question, and then I started getting yelled at again. I had just about had it and was kind of thinking about killing myself, so without thinking I asked, "Does the two weeks' notice policy apply if an employee is going to die?"

Then my boss called to check if I'm OK. I apologized and completely lied that I was OK.

The next day, my co-worker called telling me she found our texts in the company's Google Voice and wanted to check if my mental and physical health was OK. She assured me that she was calling out of genuine concern as a friend, not because our boss told her to. I told her I didn't feel comfortable discussing this through the company's phone line or their Google Voice so she left me her private cell to text/call.

I texted her the next day asking how her day was going. We started talking about work, and I told her about my interview. This went on for a few days, just talking about normal stuff. Then she asked about my mental health again. After making sure she wouldn't rat me out to the boss, this time I confessed to cutting myself. She asked me more questions and then learned that I had been doing it for 11 years. She let me know that she'd be willing to help me, but if I feel uncomfortable then she can give me space. I've decided to not have her help for now, just make friends and get to know each other more. We text each other every day now after work and I've been feeling better after talking to her about sensitive topics. Best co-worker ever! :)