Should I quit my job and end it all?A little background: I'm a 22 year old guy diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder who recently started therapy and am going to start group. I work as a retail cashier and nearly every other coworker is around my age. I feel like I have a pretty good, albeit superficial, relationship with everyone. I'm a mostly quiet but sometimes bubbly and energetic guy. Myself and my manager, who is only 23, are pretty close especially as we discuss our anxiety with each other. A few months ago I started crushing hard on a new coworker and asked her out only to find out she's already in a relationship. On the outside I say it's cool and we remain friends, but on the inside I'm devastated. I romanticized her, put her on a pedal. She was "the one", and if we started dating all my problems and low self esteem would go away. Because I mean if this amazing person told me they loved me then surely I'd never feel bad again. So in a fit of all these feelings I jokingly told my manager I wanted to kill this girl's boyfriend. I was obviously joking and my manager laughed along. I even told my manager I wasn't actually thinking that and that I was just hurt.

So I have an intense fear of social rejection, I'm paranoid that everyone around me is talking behind my back, making fun of me, and purposely not inviting me out. This stems from experiences and believes from my abuser in middle and high school. Then an incident in college where I confided in a friend about my suicidality lead them to shaming me and telling the rest of our class, leading to them ostracizing me. So me being open with my feelings has bit me in the ass a great number of times.

So today I ended up working with the coworker I had a crush on, and she asks me if I've been talking behind her back. That she's heard from a lot of people that I'm obsessed with her and want to kill her boyfriend. I am able to explain that I only told our manager as a joke and that I shouldn't have said that, and she seemed to be okay with that. But now I know the truth. That my manager who I confided in, told my secrets to everyone else and they are actually making fun of me behind my back. I have caused my worst fears to come true.

So now I have a decision, should I quit my job, which I've always hated and wanted to quit anyway, or realize that I'm overreacting about the situation. I don't work tomorrow so I'm thinking of calling in and quitting by the phone without giving any reason why. I just want to make this one phone call and never think about that place ever again. I'm currently living with my family so I only have car payments and a few bills every month. But to be honest I just want to quit my job, release my album, and then kill myself. I don't want another job, another chance at embarrassment, another chance at failure, another chance at ruining everything. I'm just so damn tired and I don't care about my life anymore. Or maybe I'm just overreacting, I can't tell.