I Don't Know What My Purpose Is, And I Don't Want To Find Out.I don't really know how to start this or where it's going to go, but I can assume it will turn into a massive wall of text. Most likely I'll just spew nonsense that feels right, so I don't mind if you skip over this post.

TL/DR: I don't have a purpose in my life anymore, and I think I'm going to end it all, because I'm not sure that I want to stick around long enough to find out if I do or not.

I'm an 18 year old, white male from California that comes from an upper-middle-class family. I have a younger brother, and both a mother and a father.
I love them dearly, and I'm fairly certain they love me.

Since I was in fifth grade as a young child, I've struggled with sleep issues and anxiety, and within the last 7 years or so, depression to its fullest extent. I have had chronic insomnia since fifth grade, and it has been progressively getting worse to the point where I'm sleeping once or twice a week for 30 to 45 minutes at a time. I'm not really socially awkward, but I get terrible anxiety attacks when I feel like I'm being attacked or surrounded by people, as well as thinking too hard about these issues to myself. My depression has steadily gotten worse throughout the years, and I'm beginning to feel like I have no actual say in what my life is going to be. My parents have attempted to help me with all of these problems by finding me cognitive behavioral therapists and psychiatrists up the wazoo. All that good stuff. They tried. They did. I know they want to help. But no matter what drug I take, I can't fall asleep, I can't stop having panic attacks, and I'm feeling worse than I ever have before.

Throughout my life I've hated school with a burning passion. I've always been very good at every subject except for math. That's my only real weakness when it comes to my education, other than my hatred for it in general. My hatred for school stems from a few things. I was bullied a lot in elementary and middle school, and I literally had not made any kind of a friend besides a couple family friends my age, until highschool. Because of this, I've been alone most of my life and I had gotten used to school being this place of immense sadness and evil for me. Skip forward to highschool, and after a couple of months in, I joined the track team to compete in the Pole-vault. Turns out I was pretty damn good at it, and I made friends easily with most, if not everyone on the team. I met my first girlfriend through this team as well. I'll call her "A" for shortness and anonymity. We dated for two years, and she was my first true love. I honestly never felt anything like it before her.  We both were in love until junior year where we had a falling out. Her grades began to drop and her mother made us split up. She began hanging out with this other guy, and even though she assured me they weren't anything, of course they were. I was young and naive to believe that. Eventually she confessed and broke things off with the other guy because she told me staying my friend, as I was her first boyfriend and vice versa, was more important to her. I was hurt and agreed, saying that we'll just be friends from then on. Skip forward to senior year, "A" and I are still best friends, but shit has kinda gone down recently, and it has just compiled on top of me and I'm feeling crushed and defeated. "A" got a new boyfriend, and they had been going out well, and I was and am happy for her. As long as she's happy, I'll be happy for her. But part of me still loves "A" and I always have, but I know that being in a relationship with her isn't healthy, so I've kept it strictly friends. Towards the end of senior year I got a new girlfriend, a girl I'll call "L," and we dated happily for a bit. She was the first person I had had feelings for since "A." I don't form real attractions to people very often, so when I like someone, it's because I really do like them. This is where shit kinda hit the fan, and the water boiled me alive. 

The school year ends, and I have gotten into a nice community college in California where I will get my primary classes done before switching to another in-state school. The only reason this is a bad thing, is because this was not my choice. I wanted to go to a four year school on the east coast, because I felt more at home there, than I ever did in Cali. I wanted to study criminal pathology to become the type of pathologist who conducts autopsies. That would be my choice. My parents are wealthy enough by all means to help me achieve that, even if I was taking out student loans of my own. But I didn't get to choose. My parents chose for me. They chose my colleges, classes, and programs for me. My mother wants me to become a veterinarian "because I'm great with animals and it's pretty much the same medical field." But it's not. It's not remotely the same, and for as long as my parents are helping pay for my college, I have no choice.

A week passes after I find out my college-based fate, and I'm getting ready for my summer job. I'm a computer programmer/code writer for a small tech company at this moment, and because I'm a student, it's only part-time. 

If there's one person in my life that I felt could understand me, it would be my grandmother. My mother's mother. She probably is, or was my only real friend. She truly did understand me, and me, her. About a month into the summer and the job, my grandmother died of a heart attack at age 70. I was so numb. But I had to go to work every day anyway. Nobody calmed me and her funeral was very short and pleasant. It's how she would've wanted it. I loved my grandmother and best friend, and she was gone. But I still go to work. 

And I do go to work the next day. I've been taking "interesting" hours, as my boss call it. Generally I work from 5:00 Am to 2:00 Pm, and my boss basically just gave me that shift/work hours because he figured "I'd be up already, since, ya'know, I basically don't sleep and am a robot." He basically walks all over me. And while it is a part-time job, and I am getting paid decently to do it, the hours are outrageous and nobody is kind to me. I'm basically seen as a doormat. But yeah, a month into the job and I'm stressed as hell, and my shift ends and I decide to drive the long way home to decompress. Within two minutes of me driving, I get T-boned by a pickup truck that ran a red light. I'm overall fine with the exception of a couple broken fingers and cuts, but my car that I spent YEARS saving for, is absolutely totaled, and my insurance basically said "hah go fuck yourself we can't help, sorry m8." I called my boss from the hospital later that evening to let him know I wouldn't be coming in the morning. And sitting in a hospital bed, with lacerations on my face and neck, with broken fingers, my boss gives me a week notice saying he "appreciates my work and all that I got done, but because you're so efficient I'm laying you off because you'd be sitting around doing nothing."
So that's fucked right?

Gets worse.

I get out of the hospital later the next day after being released, and my girlfriend "L" was waiting for me. She drove us to Starbucks and we had a drink and talked for a bit, and then she said, "hey listen I wanted to talk about something." She then proceeded to break up with me because she wanted to focus getting ready for college. I can understand that, but it still hurts ya'know?

So she drives me home, and leaves. I walk in the door, and my parents asked how I've been, literally glaring at my arm in a sling. I had texted both of my parents what had happened while I was in the hospital, and neither of them replied. So I tell them this, and they go, "oh we didn't see it, sorry. Are you okay? Tell us about it." And so I do, but pretty much all my parents cared about was the insurance, the money, and the car. They couldn't have said less about me. 

I work for another week, until I get laid off. I take the bus home now, or I used the 10 miles or so as a workout. Anyway, time passes and I'm just feeling like the world is trying to fuck me with a rusty spoon.

I still talk to "A," so we text for a bit and she calls me up to talk. I tell her everything that's been going on and how I've been feeling because she asked, and she just listened. She was never good at consoling people, but she has always been a good listener. So after I finish my rant, I apologize for needing to get that off my chest. She says its fine, and we change the topic to her, and how's she's been. She goes, "OH YEAH I DIDN'T TELL YOU. MY BOYFRIEND AND I FINALLY FUCKED AND IT WAS GREAT. IF YOU GET A GIRLFRIEND SOON YOU DEFINITELY NEED TO TRY IT SOONER RATHER THAN LATER."

And it hurt. A lot. 
I played it off though, (quite well might I add,) and we finished up our call, and I was left all to myself. It hurt partly because she said "if" not "when I get another girlfriend," even though I know she didn't mean it like that. But it really hurt because I still love her, and I dunno about you, but if a person you still love after a long relationship tells you how great her first time was, knowing it wasn't you, it would kinda feel terrible.

So that happened about an hour ago, and I'm typing this now. I realized a thing or two though.
I feel so lonely. So sad. So fucking lonely. I haven't felt this truly empty feeling of nothingness since my first month of freshman year before joining polevault and having friends for the first time. 
I haven't felt this pathetic in so long.

I feel like my life has no purpose, and that I am nothing but a void of nothingness itself. A complete waste of space. 

I've reached out to my therapist and other people like that, but they haven't really helped make me feel better at all. I feel empty and completely worthless. A shell with nothing inside.

I don't even want to see my future as it stands right now. I don't want to live. I don't care. I don't care about anything at all right now. I kinda just want the pain to stop. Life just hurts, and I don't want to hurt as life passes, so that I can grow old and unhappy, ultimately finding out that my life had no purpose anyway.

I just want it all to stop.

And so I'm sitting on my bed right now, at 2:41 Am on Friday August 12, 2016, typing this out and getting ready to submit it. I don't have a plan yet.
I wanted to see if anyone else had any ideas or support or advice they could offer me, In any shape or form.

I would appreciate any kindness at all, and if you have taken the time to read my massive wall of text, then I sincerely thank you.

Any words or comments are acceptable for me, and I would appreciate them all. If you do comment after reading this, I'll try and respond when I can.
I just need time to think, and I was hoping, a little advice. 

Thanks again. -CH