Different from most of you.I’ve been reading a lot of these posts because I’m desperate to hear something encouraging from anyone. It seems like most of you are much younger than me (I’m late 30s) and a lot of you seem to have problems in the way of finding someone to listen to you, or you feel you have no friends.I have all that but nobody can help me. And I don’t even want to talk to my friends about it anyway. 

I’m a married mom. I have tons of friends. I have a great job. I have a family that cares about me. 

I’ve had anxiety for years but never depression until earlier this year. What happened was my body started doing a lot of weird things, hormonal in nature.  At first it just sort of scared me. Then other things started happening and now I feel so old and ugly. I used to be very pretty. I know it’s not about what you look like blah blah blah. But this all happened so suddenly. I’m worried about my friends or family making a comment about it. Maybe because i’m so used to being complimented on my looks for so long. I don’t know how to react if someone notices one of these new bad things. God I sound so effing shallow. I swear I’m really not. It’s because most of the world is so shallow that I worry I guess. 

Another thing is even on days where I feel like I look okay, I’m always horribly depressed. I’ve never felt like this before. I’m scared about what is happening to my body and why it’s not working right and how suddenly I don’t recognize myself in the mirror and why I suddenly feel this way. I feel like I don’t want to socialize at all. I don’t want to leave my bedroom, let alone my house. I have to be “on” and all fucking fake and happy appearing at work and it is almost impossible anymore. And everyone always says something about what I look like. Be it good or bad, something about my looks is the first thing I hear from most people. In the last month I’ve had 6 people comment on how I’ve lost weight and am I ok? What am I going to say no I want to die? Pfft! I’ve been under what I consider a lot more stress than most people for like 5 years so I know that doesn’t help. And my anxiety never goes away. I cannot sleep. Or even take a nap. I force myself to eat. I can’t concentrate on anything. 

I found that every day gets worse, both with my appearance and my state of mind. It’s making me someone else. I’m not the mom I was or the wife I was. I’m an antisocial paranoid person now who can barely make dinner for everyone.

I can’t quit my job because it provides us with all the insurance and benefits (really really good benefits). 

I don’t want to put my husband and child through dealing with this strange person I’ve become. I won’t cry in front of them, so I’m just this weird ass stoic person around them who constantly declines any type of fun they want me to have with them.

I have been to the dr and awaiting test results but I’m worried that like every other time I go to the dr they find nothing wrong. I know that sounds crazy but if I don’t know what’s wrong then it can’t be fixed. I need to know wtf is wrong with me. I want to be my old self again so badly.

I’ve been trying yoga and meditation and affirmations and journaling. Nothing helps. 

I had a family member who killed himself and I’ve seen what it did to his kids. I don’t want to do that. I have another family member who attempted, I was with her family while waiting to see if she would survive. I don’t want my family to go through that. But I don’t want them to go through what they are going through right now so what do I do? Every moment has felt like hell for months. I don’t know how I’ve made it this long. Every second feels like an hour. It’s torture. 
My husband doesn’t care what I look like (he says) but it’s my depression that is going to drive him away. 

Any advice from anyone? What if the dr calls and says everything is normal?