If everyone gives up on me, why shouldn't I give up on myself?I tried so hard to be there for him when all sorts of bad things were happening. I was there for him through it all... the anger, the sadness, the depression...

I recently started taking an antidepressant (zoloft) and taking birth control pills and it has made my suicidal thoughts go through the roof. I am having major mood swings, days where I just can't function, and I've been way too clingy. I thought persevering through it would be okay, but it's not going over well. I'm going to stop taking them.

I fucked up. I fucked it all up. The only person that really matters to me... and he gave up on me. 

Now I'm going through a rough time and he obviously doesn't owe it to me to do the same. I just wish he hadn't given up on me. He made me feel like the world wasn't collapsing and that I was beautiful and I was going to succeed. He changed my mind on a lot of things that nobody else has ever been able to. I was thinking I might want a kid, that now someone was able to love me. Someone was able to open up to me, to care about me... I felt important and valued for the first time in my life.

I had a breakdown two days ago. I made myself look like a fool, by telling him how badly I needed him...

Now he won't say a word to me. He won't tell me why. He won't even say good bye. He was my best friend for years and my bestest friend of most recent, and I fell in love with him and ruined everything. I'm too much.

Why would he take me out to dinner? On a ski trip with his parents for his birthday? Spend many nights with me, tell me he loves me, and then just disappear?

I always ruin everything. This is how it always happens... I care too much, let people inside my walls... and then they just disappear. Like I wasn't even there.

That's all I'm worth. I'm not going to make it to my 21st birthday. I've had enough. I just can't do it anymore. I can't keep letting people in and then when they find out about my problems, which get worse around Christmas and my birthday, every year, they disappear...

I hope I die tonight. There's really not much left for me anymore, I can't trust anyone. I can't let anyone. Everyone I help, pour my soul out to, be with them when they cry, sit with them in their suicidal moments... nobody can do the same for me.  It always ends in them giving up.

I told myself he would be different. That he wouldn't do this. He was a wonderful person, my best friend for three years at least. Gone, because I can't take control of my emotions. He wasn't the first to break my heart and give up on me without a word, but he will be the last. 

I can't do this anymore. My bad times obviously outweigh any of the good things I have to offer, and everyone leaves. At least if I leave first, it's my choice and I don't have to do this anymore.