Sucidal thoughts are on my mind so often.Hi everyone, first of all I would like to say thank you to everyone who is in this community to help others, that's something the world needs and I really appreciate.

I don't know what to do with my life anymore, today I received another bad news (school-related, but it really doesn't matter) that made me think once again of suicide. Lately I've been thinking of it literally everyday, even for just a few minutes a day or sometimes a whole hour. I like the idea of letting everything go and being truely free, but I don't want to be this selfish.

Dying is a common thought in my mind and I find this so sick. How can someone think about death so often and enjoy the thought? Needless to say I don't like my life, luckily I'm not disabled and I don't have particular mental problems (or at least not that I'm aware of), I have a girlfriend and a mother who loves me, these last two are the only reasons of why I'm not leaving this world.** I live day by day trying to be grateful of what I already have, but this is not the life I want to have, and it feels so bad to accept everything instead of having more. **I love my mother and my girlfriend, she's also aware of my problem but never been able to help, never seen a doctor either but I'm not willing to. I hate everyone else, I hate my family and the few friends I have. It's surely because of me, we have to work on ourselves before blaming on others and I did, but it's not my fault if the world is SO cruel. I'm tired of all the awful things that happen on a daily basis, not just directly to me.

I'm agnostic and I believe there is a god, I always needed some sort of connection with it but the only thing I had, ever, was a dream of around two years ago. In that dream I "saw" god (who's not a specific entity, it's everyone and everywhere*) and a kind of love I've never felt before, I felt the peace of me and everyone in the universe. That dream for me was what there is after death, pure inconditional love with no past, present or future. 

During years I understood that love heals, I've been having suicidal thoughts since several years (not at all with this intensity though) and something that always helped me was meditation, my kind of meditation at least. Smoking also helped, now everything seems just pointless. I belong here if I am, and so do you. But what's the point of living a sad life in a world ruled by evil? The only thing I've ever asked for was complete peace of mind and I pretty much never had it, lord knows.

I never visualize my future, when I do I just imagine what could happen but I just don't know, I'm not even sure if I will still be living. I've always been unsure about my future since I can remember, and that's something I find pretty weird because most of people has a pretty clear vision of what I want to do in life, but I do not. I don't expect to receive help or answers here, I just wanted to share my little story. Thanks to all of the people who spend time reading this subreddit and helping each other. 

*of course that's my opinion, but it was like I was dead in that dream, and everything was just fine. I've never felt anything like that before, nor after. 