BF called suicide hotline last nightMe(29F) and my bf(33M) had a fight on monday, i called him an asshole after some feuding. our food was cancelled and i was very hungry and angry, not a good combo and i can't talk bc i have laryngitis and he got mad about the way i asked him to make me eggs and it led to that.

The next day we text and i try to fix it and he gets angry, leads me to say i think after our evening show tonight we should go our separate ways. i need a break , i need my voice to get better and you are making me get angry and speak when i shouldn't. i have a big performance on saturday and need my voice. I get so upset to say that i won't go to the show that evening and gave him instructions. that i just didn't want to see his face. i apologize earlier and tried to fix it and he wasn't having it and it led to this.

He goes to the show, apologizes and texted me i love you sweetheart.

I go to bed, I see a missed call and find out this morning he's in the hospital after calling the hotline. He didn't do it, he was too scared and called.

I haven't told anyone.

Backstory:

Parents aren't together, he grew up with a step dad and bouncing from mom to dad. His step dad would hit him and he has 3 half brothers. His dad would neglect him.

19 diagnosed with anxiety depression

20something attempted to hang himself

His job lessened his hours since may and from dec-feb he had no work and i was the one buying everything. he would do all the house chores, cook , clean, he did it bc he felt he needed to not bc i asked.

His roommate sprung this on him a week or two ago that once his brother finds a job there he is moving out and everyone needs to move from their house. I told him he could stay with me but he has a dog and the dog cant be in my apt, they dont allow them.

after last night he thought we had broken up which i never said i just needed space and he felt hopeless about his future living situation.

I thought things were looking up he has a big interview scheduled soon for a full time job.

TLDF: BF almost killed himself last night and don't know what to do and i blame myself