It's going to happen and I can't stop it.Hi and thank you to anyone who was willing to read this.

I have come to my tether, I have been dealing with mental health issues for 20+ years and I can not deal with it anymore. I have good days obviously otherwise I would have not lasted so long.
The reasoning is this: to most it seems pathetic but to me it's a pretty big deal. My misses has decided to leave me due to her mental health which I am completely supportive of. I am so proud of her that she wants to better herself and concentrate on her life. I have been with her for 8 years, we have had some bad times but not the worse, we still love each other and care for one another, and there is always a possibility of it becoming a break rather than a split, but to me she was my life line for 8 years she has suppressed and helped my mind without even knowing it, just being there beside me was helping. Now that she has gone, my mind is going a million miles an hour. 
I have thoughts like, and yes these are strange, I am a manipulator but I don't want to be one, I have no one around me, I'm all alone literally. I am useless at everything I try to accomplish, I don't talk to my family even though they are all great, but I do and don't blame my mum, I have grown up watching my mum overdose, jump off cliffs and even trying to get run over. Etc etc etc I could probably list of dozens that just goes around and around.
So now I am at my tether I know this year or next year is my last. I'm not holding out hope that I am going to get better, I refuse to listen to anyone that tells me it's going to get better because let's be honest it isn't. I have had this issue for 20+ years it's not going to magically go away. I'm done.

Now a question, I have different methods I am going to try and I hope one is the key. No one is going to know because I don't talk to anyone as I said I am alone. Which is best?
Overdose on codeine?
Hanging myself? , my friend managed it and passed away so I know it's affective.
Or a mixture of both?

Don't respond with its all going to get better.

Thank you if you got this far. It's all just rambling and not much made sense but non the less it's real.