I feel like I have the worst life ever. I hope somebody reads this.I had 2 really good friends in Kindergarten. I never saw them afterwards before I went to private school. It took me nearly 2 decades to get another friend. I feel like I'm the only person on the planet to go through elementary school, middle school, high school, and college without a single friend. If a genie would grant me a wish. I would automatically wish to relive life, but always with a real friend. I wouldn't care if I had to relive life in the worst living conditions in the world. I feel like my whole life has been wasted because I'm so lonely. I went to more birthday parties uninvited than invited. I love concerts and and sporting events. Almost every-time I've gone to one, I've gone alone. I was so lonely I sat next to people, who in respect were not my friends. I think they only let me sit next to them because I had no friends.  Even worse at some point, I think some people gave me rides to church not because I was their friend, but because they felt sorry for me.  On my last day of high school I remember crying in the parking lot because everybody else had friends and everybody went home with friends to celebrate the last day of school. I called my dad to pick me up from the middle school because I didn't want to explain to him why I was the only one in the parking lot.  I remember in 2016 I was so desperate for a friend I went to meetup after meetup. It took about 10 meetups where nobody liked me before I finally got a friend. The ironic thing is if I wasn't so desperate. If I quit going to meetups after my 10th pointless one, my friend drought will probably still be going on 25 years later. My friend moved 1.5 years to be with his girlfriend. I remember that for once, I was going to have somebody to hang out with during New Years Eve. Then my friend got a girlfriend. I'm dreading this New Years Eve. I am going to be alone again. The worst part is that I've o close to making friends in the past. I've met people. They liked me. In less than a couple of months, they get bored of me. I feel like the biggest loser ever. How many people can say it took them 2 decades to find a friend, more than 5 to get my drivers licence, 10 years to get a part-time job, and more than 5 years out of college to get my first full-time job? I wish I could live life over again. FYI I drove all they way across country to Sillicon Valley to find a full-time job. I got one at the airport, where I also lived in the terminals for a couple of months to save money. Now I work at a big tech company, get paid well, and lively extremely cheaply with my coworker. I can't believe I was in high school when the labor market collapsed, and it literally took me all the way until the end of the bull-market to get my first full-time job. I don't think anybody's life is more pathetic than mine. I just wished at some point in my life, making a friend wouldn't be so hard. Most people figured out how to do it before they turn 10. I'm almost 30, and I'm still a disaster.