So very lost...I have so much to live for, so much to lose. 
I'm a fucking idiot and I don't know what I'm doing anymore. I feel like I'm waiting to fail because I don't see any other outcome. I love two woman. One of them is my wife who I have a daughter with and whom is pregnant with my son. I love her, but I'm not *in love* with her anymore. We tried polyfidelity....eventually she got jealous and broke up with our girlfriend. By now, we've been broken up as long as we were together, but I still talk to the now "ex" girlfriend and I just don't know what to do. I'm doing what I think everyone sort of expects from me under the circumstances but they don't know what I went through with my wife leading up to this point. They don't know what it's like to live with her, and while her mental illness is finally improving with the addition of medical assistance I just don't think I love her as I once did. I'm obsessed with the "ex" and the "ex" is even trying to move on now that I've made it evident I'm probably going to stay with my wife because she's giving me a son and because of my inability to decide...well I asked God to give me a boy as a sign to stay with my wife....in truth...expecting it to be a girl even though I wanted a boy. Well....it's a boy...and while I'm thrilled it's a boy...I have to keep the promise I made God now or at least I feel like I have to keep it. 

Now I just feel even more trapped then before....before I found out it was a boy...I was mentally preparing myself for leaving my wife. I just don't feel the "spark" with her like I used to now and I don't think she understands me as well as the "ex" girlfriend even though she's known me for far longer....

I'm really struggling...the family I maintain barely gets by financially and I feel like I'm struggling not to have a mental break down and kill myself and I feel like I need help but I don't know how I'm supposed to afford to get the help I need and still pay the bills that support my family....

I just don't know what to do...I don't see a way out...and I have all these reasons to live but find my desire to live is fading as my struggle rages on. How do I make myself happy with this? How can I try and be with the "ex" and not feel like a complete shit lord for breaking up my family and not being there for my kids as much as I want? How can I be with my wife and not regret not being with the "ex" forever? I want to spend my life with the "ex"....I want to be there everyday for my kids....if I can't be both...I just wish I wouldn't be....I know I'm just being selfish....why can't I let go of anything I love...

I think I'm hurting the "ex" now....I'm not trying to...part of me feels like I should let her go because I love her so much and I hate causing her pain....

I feel like I'm on a tiny platform overlooking an endless abyss. Any step I take leads to my greatest fall from grace. 

I feel like crying, screaming, punching.....I hate and love everything. I wish I was nothing.