Fiance of 5 years broke up with me i can't continue livinghe broke up with me because i argues a lot i didn't mean any of my arguments, i didn't mean to drive him away! my god i miss him so much its been 3 weeks he has not talked to me he says i have been driving him away with my arguments, depression and anxiety.... i told him how upset i was that he felt no love for me anymore and he considered us just friends now and that i was feeling suicidal and he say "its not all about you cry me a river" he never use to be this nasty t'words me!!!!!  and when he said that i just got so mad i told him not to contact me anymore....and he didn't....i haven't gotten 1 message since..... he usually would use a different number and contact me and tell me how sorry he was but he just doesn't care anymore!!!! he never has left me hanging like this and recently i've gotten so bad that i dream about him every night! i have been for 4 nights in a row every time i close my eyes! i dream that we are talking and hugging and that we are happy...but then i wake up...i don't leave my bed i feel disgusting and i don't go out in public the fear of seeing him with someone else is so unbearable that i cant think about it or ill blow my brains out i have to quickly stop those thoughts...so going out in public is unbearable.....I've lost all interest in everything, hell I've forgotten what i like anymore. each day is hell its a struggle its a fight for survival, i know i could go down the basement and end it all and i wouldn't have a fear in the world i have attempted suicide before. but what stops me is "what if he text you, what if he calls you and analogizes?" my mother said not to worry that he wall call and i pray every night (something i use to not do) just hoping and praying that hell come back to me. The pain it hurts!!!! i cant continue living like this!!!!! my anxiety and depression make it so hard already I've stopped taking my medication for no good reason... Living is torture every waking moment of everyday is hell!! 

i get a little hope when someone says he'll come back to you it gives me a little strength but hope runs out.....      