Summer is so sad when you're lonely. Really need some support, please :(I'm a 23 yo college student, male. Not from the US.

Really need some tips, honestly... the melancholy is overwhelming. Really please ! **TDLR below.** 

Summer is supposed to be the funniest season where everyone is happy. Of course things are a little different this year but summer is always the season where everyone is overly confident and happy. Wherever I look I see people laughing, smiling, hanging out with their friends, enjoying the long sunny days, playing sports, partying, wandering with their friends in town, grabbing a drink,...

And every summer (and during christmas time also), I feel melancholic because I'm alone. I have no gang of friends to hang out with and no significant other (I'm gay). Not only am I single (which means no sex life, no romantic live, zero affection, zero touch), but I don't even have a gang of friends to hang out with. I'm 23, it's too late for me. My only friends/acquaintances are classmates (or former classmates) and the roomates I had during my college years already had their friends moving on and never bothered building a friendship with me. When you're 23, people already have their own friends, no need to say "try to make friends", people don't need any more friends at 23, God forbid some lonely stranger. And to meet new people, you neet to be introduced, and to be introduced, you need friends.

So I see all those hot guys together, in their fancy shorts/ T-shirts (have you noticed how guys are always hotter in the summer ?), but I'm lonely. No hook up, no SO, no partner.

Please don't come up with "you can have fun on your own, you don't need anyone to grab a drink, to go for a walk",... Come on, it's heartbreaking, I wander in the streets alone, seeing everyone having fun with their gang of friends, hot couples everywhere, and I know I'm going back to find an empty, lonely and silent flat.

Also I was wandering : I'm gay without a doubt, I find guys attractive, but what if it was seeing bromances/masculine friendships that I enjoyed ? I mean, I've never had male friends (masculine ones), never had a gang of male friends to hang out, get drunk, play sport, run together,... Maybe that's the problem ?

I've always thought that improving my look and my confidence would be enough. But here I am, 23 years old, I've managed to improve my look and my, but I'm still as lonely as the insecure teenager I used to be. Look has nothing to do with it nor being good-looking. I'm still wandering alone while people are having fun, dating, getting laid,... This loneliness is killing me... I used to be a lonely and sad teenager... after 5 years of college I can tell you this : things got much worse.

**TDLR : As a child I didn't have friends. Never been invited to a birthday. I used to stay at home with my parents. As a teenager I had a lot of acquaintances and people used to love me as the nice guy, the brilliant guy who worked hard in school. But I didn't build "friendships". From high school I only have acquaintances. In college I met ton of incredible people, but still, classmates and I don't hang out with them outside of class, and I won't see them when I leave college (this year). I had roomates, but they moved on on campus with their own friends from high school, so they've never bothered building friendship with me. And I've never been much interested in fraternities. So I'm used to wandering alone in the streets like a ghost no one cares about.**