I’ve never been so consistently lowThrowaway account. I’ve posted on here with my regular account before. But this is different, because I’m ashamed. 

I’m 16. Ik this makes some people immediately not want to listen, which is fair. I know that teens aren’t super reliable. And we don’t know much. That doesn’t change the fact that it’s a struggle for me to get up most days and I want to kill myself. So please reserve your judgement until you hear what I’m here to talk about. 

I live with my mom and her boyfriend. We moved in soon after they met. We didn’t really have anywhere else to stay. Before that, we lived in a friends in law suite because we were running from my moms abusive ex. So yeah. 

My room is a mess. Like really really bad. I just can’t do anything. And I’m clearly aware that it’s bad. And I know I should do better. My mom scheduled a therapy appointment, after I all but forced her to, but the appointment is in October. When I heard this, I almost cried. 

I’ve been really down lately. I’ve had worst lows, but I usually bounce back within 1-3 days. I’ve been at a low for about a month now. I am considering suicide far more seriously, and it scares me. 

My mom and her bf have been wanting to paint my room and put in new furniture. I used to have a cat in my room but she had to be moved back outside while we redecorate. So my room has been a mess, with loose cat litter all over the floor. I know it’s disgusting but I only ever sleep in here. The rest of my time is spent in the living room. 

So my moms bf went into my room without permission. He was really mad. I wasn’t home, I was in the car with my mom to visit my friend. He sent her pictures as I was in the car. 

My mom was mad at me. Her bf is mad at me. I’m mad that he can’t respect my privacy; I close the door so that they don’t have to see my mess. I know I should do better, but what am I supposed to do when I just can’t?

I don’t want to live with my moms bf. I don’t want to live with my dad. I want to live with my mom and just my mom. I’m sick of all these strangers that I’m constantly forced to share space with. They always bring pain, and I guess I’m just never supposed to have a say in it. I originally planned on leaving this time next year, and dropping out and living in my car. Being homeless would be better than this. But I love my mom. She’s the only reason I’m alive. 

I want to die. I’ve thought about it and thought about it. The only thing that scares me is the idea that I may never see my mom again. That’s the only reason I’m not dead. If there’s a god, I know I’ll get whatever punishment I deserve and it’ll all be okay. If there isn’t,, then I won’t even exist to know that I’ll never see her again. It’ll be okay. But I do exist right now. So it’s painful 

I wouldn’t hang myself because I know how gruesome it looks. I have no gun. I could get ahold of pills. I have razors. But I think pills are the best bet. My mom wouldn’t even find me until I was long gone. 

It does sadden me that I’ll never be successful. I won’t get to help people. I won’t get a chance at independence. My friends will miss me. My dogs won’t know what happened. My cat will stay outside. But I just don’t want to be here anymore. It’s all so worthless and meaningless.