My letter.So,  I saw another user post a suicide letter as an experiment to see if it helped them at all. I decided to try it out too. 

Well, if you're reading this, you're either one of the three people I've briefly discussed my death with, or you're very surprised. I guess I should say I'm sorry, but I'm not really. I've wanted this as long as I can remember, and I just wish I could tell you what it's like to not be.. There anymore. I guess I am actually very sorry. I'm sorry to anyone this hurts, I'm sorry to everyone who had such high hopes for me, I'm sorry that at every turn I disappoint, but I'm glad you won't have to watch me fuck up anymore. I can't say I blame anyone for this, and I don't think you all should either. I really do love you all like family, and as strange as it sounds if you know me well, I even love my family. Stephie, I'm glad you said yes to me. And I'm sorry I'm gonna be late for our wedding.. I'm hoping that when I call the police at the end of this note they make it to you in time to prevent you from trying to follow me. I always felt terrible letting you love me as I did you, because a person in darkness can't possibly hope to lead someone else out of it. Kaley, I'm sorry you spent six years being the best friend to a person you wanted to be with, and overall wanted to help just for it to fall through like this.  Mom, imma be real for a minute and tell you that in all honesty the only thing I'm apologizing to you for is the money you spent on raising me, as that seems to be all you are ever really upset about. I'm sorry for wasting your resources on.. Me, I guess. Godmother, you have always been as amazing as you could possibly be to me, and if there's any person I'm thankful for, it's you. To all of my friends and extended family, I have been really sad for a long long time, and I knew it wouldn't get better. Nothing helped, no therapy, no meds, no friends, none of it could save me. I honestly don't even want a funeral. But I'm dead, so,  who says I get to choose how my death is handled, right? Writing this, I gotta say it didn't make me feel better, and I'm still planning on going through with it by this upcoming Monday after I get a few things in place, but this was a nice foundation. Before I do it I'll be sure to post here one last time, because I haven't been here long, in fact I'm an Internet immigrant from 4chan, but I like you people. I spend most of my free time in r/gadgets and r/DIY, and I figure this'd be a good place to stamp and seal my Internet farewells.