I can't take much moreHi.

I am continuously thinking about suicide. I am afraid I can't take much more. My studies have gone to shit, all my hobbies are falling apart, I have no money, i feel like i am losing my grip on my life. The only thing keeping me here is my girlfriend, and i feel like i'll lose her too soon. I can't do anything right, i keep fucking up and screwing things. I know there are people who would miss me, but it's getting increasingly easier to surpass those thoughts. 

There is no future for me. I am so over everything. I don't want to go, but i don't want to keep on either. I don't know how to talk about my feelings and problems. I was taught to man up and take it, but i've reached my limits. It's all coming tumbling down.

i am just broken. the feeling is overwhelming. It's new to me, it's only been like this for the past half a year or so. And i've done nothing.

I am afraid of myself. i keep getting these feelings that i just should steer in front of a truck when i'm driving, or about jumping down when i'm near cliffs. I am too much of a wuss to kill myself, but some day i just might do something out of the blue. I want it but i despise it. I've been in a relationship with people who suffer from suicidal thoughts, and i've always been the bedrock, offering support and love. i've been the stable one. 

And now i cant do it. i feel like i let everyone down. like im not right to have these feelings, i'm faulty. I can't be the shoulder to lean on, i cant be supportive. but i have to. It's killing me

i have always been ashamed of being different. I was the "crazy" one, because i was diagnosed with ADD as a kid. i was bullied for it. I learnt to keep to myself, and not to stand up. To deal with my problems. I refused to get help to my problems. I did good in school, i was top of class. later when i began to have problems with motivation, i didn't seek help. I didn't know how to. And i didn't want to. I wanted to not be different than anyone else. They didn't need help, why should i? I am not different, i am ordinary. I kept telling that to myself. 

And now i need help, but have refused to seek any. I just smile and tell "no problem, i can do it, i've just been slacking a bit". 

I am in deep shit. Losing my girlfriend will end me. There is nothing that keeps me up other than her. Anything else will not stand up to the amount of crap crushing me. 

I'm so alone