my stupid little attempt at livinglived with my mentally ill mom.

brain was offline because of the immense stress and fear the voice of mom makes in my brain.

nobody ever asked me how i feel and i'm not able to say that i'm not feeling that well.

i had the delusion that i only have fear when with people, so they told me to practice with others, doing theatre or soft therapy or some shit.

i never felt like a human, constant inner pure disgust for myself, couldn't look in the mirror for 2.5 years straight and almost never as a teen. Was never really able to talk to classmates, was sweating and couldn't move freely.

every movement felt like i give the command and somebody else does the movement. every sentence was immensely exhausting. several conversations with a person i met in some theatre - we were playing the 2 leads m/w, was so painful, that after every day, this creature that controlled me, this frightened animal, pure protective psyche - lifelong regression, took a belt and strangled itself, laying on a mattress in a totally dirty room, and tried to use all strenghes to speak and make this person laugh.

the only problem for me was that i couldn't check if a imprint, red marks or so aren't visible, cause i couldn't look in the mirror, and i didn't want others to ask questions and make them wonder.

had almost no conversations at all in my life, total social deprivation, but i was looking quite good.
girls wanted to get to know me, they looked to me, walked up to me, even gay people liked me very much.

but my brain was in constant fear so i couldn't talk or even think clearly or see myself as human who is allowed to take part in life.

i was fighting and fighting against this agonizing condition, had no feeling of time or an self, i am addicted to digital heroin - games, movies, tv, radio, music - since i am 5, i never had a concept of a self, just consuming distraction from this crap.

i was never able to produce thoughts or actions of meaning, i was totally dependent of what was told me to do, and mostly i was told nothing or just shit.

like a damn zombie. never able to think of the most obvious cure, living in my own apartment to live a full and human life in peace. nobody told me i could get my own, and they just told me to live with mom, who made me really damn sick all my youth and now even the 20s.

i was really a delusional, emotionless psychopath, who was friendly but felt nothing but fascination for small stupid things like clouds, colors, trees, art or senseless crap like this. "this is so beautiful!" nice, does it help? no.

they always told me that i have fear of people and i believed them. so i worked of this fear for good 22 years and i am 28...

errr, yes no. i never felt anything and i had to live with her until she came to hospital because of illness and now another apartment.

in this state of pure fear, shame and disgust (all my life) even asking questions was almost impossible or saying the first word, or looking others in the eyes.

what the fuck? just one command - get your own apartment! just one meeting with an empathetic person/teacher and everything would be good.

i was messi the last 3.5 years and also in my youth, living in a dirty place collecting things and moments which gave a little joy.

just living in the fantasy, i never thought i could take part myself, amazing - i can do that too?? never knew.

since i did nothing but playing video games on my own in my (earliest) youth, i really think we can repeat life and do it better.
like in a parallel universe or some shit. if not, okay too.

i have almost nothing i can remember, nothing happened, just struggle and wandering around. i couldn't do more, the brain was not capable of thinking on itself, for myself.

a constant feeling of running for my life, just because of living with mommy - propably an early childhood trauma, that when i hear her voice i get mad, and all my life i tried to just fight and control myself, hoping for better.

yes, errr no. not very good. it's not possible a human can be so stupid and be so alone even though it has a family - which doesn't care.

what a stupid little attempt at living...

waiting 7, 10, 14, 22 years to get better.

nobody ever cared why i am not talking, not laughing, not being with friends, living with mom, sit in front of black mirrors all the time and not just being human.

pure apathy. am i human? nope. my special name in school was corpse, cause i was so quiet.

damn brain.