I told my best friend I stopped cutting. And, for the most part, I did. But tonight... I'm sitting next to a sharpened paper clip and I've been scratching at my wrist for so long it's bleeding.This is gonna be long. Sorry. 

Okay, first off, I've used this forum once before. I was feeling suicidal and I almost tried to kill myself too many times to count. But then, (after begging my parents for months) I went to a psychologist. I talked some things out and got started on medication.  I was feeling good for the first time in a really freaking long time. I felt like I had a chance at getting out of this rut. 

But there was one thing still bothering me. There was this girl that I really, really liked and I never told her. She was a year ahead of me, so now's she at a new school. But I had her number and I told her how I felt. Here's the catch: I'm also a girl. She never got back to me, but I was okay with that. I figured at least I gave it a shot. But this experience gave me the courage to speak up about being bisexual. 

I told my mom this morning (after a lot of freaking out). She was SUPER nice and understanding. She assured me she loved me no matter what and that she would accept me no matter what. But as the day went on, she got more and more distant. She told me not to mention it to my cousins or even my dad (which I agreed to). Then, she told me not to tell my friends (too late, but I didn't say that). I was trying to understand where she coming from. I mean, I know it's probably a lot to take in. 

Then, at about 11 o'clock at night, she came into my room and told me not to "start shouting this from the rooftops" because "I always tried to be accepting of everything you wanted to do, but I don't know if I can accept this". 
I love my mom more than anything, even though she freaks out a lot. I know she went through a lot as a kid and I'm trying so hard to understand and support her, but then she does shit like this and it hurts. And the stupidest part is, I still want her support more than anything else in this world. 
I had finally learned to accept myself after years of pushing thoughts of girls to the very back of my mind. Now, when I think about being bi, I want to vomit. I feel disgusted, I feel disgusting. I feel like crying, but I cried so much before that now the tears won't even come out. 

A few months ago, I promised my best friend that I would stop cutting. He was mildly homophobic, but when I told him, he immediately accepted me and now we talk about girls like it's no big deal. He's like a brother to me and when he begged me to stop cutting, I tried to stop. I've only done it a handful of times since then (before, I was doing it every day). The last time was at least two weeks ago. 

Now, I'm bleeding. I'm not suicidal, so maybe this wasn't the right forum, but I feel like I could slip back into that place if something else like happens. 

I know, it's pathetic. One bad day and suddenly I'm falling to shit. I don't know how to explain it. I don't even know if you can understand if you haven't been there before. I just don't wanna do this shit anymore. I don't want to die right now, I just want to stop. Stop breathing. Stop blinking. Stop caring. Stop existing. Existing hurts. Maybe if it all just fades to black, my pulse will slow down and the blood will stop feeding my brain all this shit and I'll be okay again. 

Well, that was just a rant, wasn't it? Whoops. 