I have nothing to live for.I fell like I have no place on this planet anymore. No formatting because I purely can't be bothered to be honest with you. This is a long one so bare with me a little please. I feel betrayed by my own family, useless as a human being, like I'm not living a actual life, and I see no point in sticking around. I'm just gonna start from the begining and end up to today. My father is a very good man and I'm just now getting to see this because of my selfish bitch of a mother taking me away from him in their divorce when I was roughly 9. She made me think he was a useless piece of shit that hated me and wanted nothing to do with me when in actuality all that describes her to a T, not him and I'm just now realizing this at 21. I just kinda sat down and realized this a couple months ago when I Was thinking about all the times when I lived with her that there was no food in the fridge or when I was left to watch over my very young brother and basically raise him and I just thought that was normal until lately. I had already "forgiven" my dad and shit and we got back together and stuff and it's been fun but me realizing that she used me as a tool to make his life miserable made me feel just so used and stupid for not realizing it when I was younger. I will never forgive her. 

I have no special skills at all in life. I feel purely useless as a human. I barely graduated highschool due to depression and shit taking over my life and no one willing to help me with it despite me literally asking to see a doctor multiple times. I never went to college or tech school because I purely can't afford it and I know I will never be able to pay back student loans. In my mind at the very least there is not one useful thing about me. I'm just kinda here.

I work week to week and still can't make it. I have a shitty job but being a young guy in the south there isn't many career oportunites at all around me so I settle working at a local pizza place. I like it and all but at the end of the week I know if I don't sell at least a ounce of weed that I literally won't be able to eat. That is fucking ridiculous to me that I literally have to sell drugs to fucking eat what in the god damned hell has the world come to?

I'm in debt from a car accident I had last winter that I will probably never be able to pay off. Long story short I lost my job and was working in another county and I didn't have car insurance because I just couldn't afford it and my brakes that I had literally just went to a shop about not even a month prior go out coming into a red light going 50. Tboned a '15 truck. I know owe their insurance company just over $21,000 and I make monthly payments but all I can afford is $150 so I feel like even when I do make my payments they don't even make a difference in it. I was just a kid trying to get his life together and life comes and fucks me in the ass like it always does.

I can't afford rent anywhere so for the past roughly year I've been sleeping on my buddies spare bed in his grandmothers house that he lives with. Rent is cheap at just $120/ month for the whole lot but I just don't feel at home here. I'm not super close friends with the guy even though I have lived with him for over a year and have known him for 10+. I know he dosen't like me but I don't have anywhere else to go. I can't live with family because I'm an atheist and they are all super hard core christian and "can't have that kind of blasphemy in my house hold". So I do what I have to but I just don't feel at home anywhere like I feel like I'm just tolerated everywhere I go.

I feel like all my "friends" hate me. Everyone I hang out with dosen't seem to like me they just seem to pass the time with me there, I'm typically ignored in groups of my friends and picked on by everyone else but my social anxiety makes it next to impossible to make new friends and it hurts. I'm surrounded by people I know don't truly like me but I have no where or anyone else to turn to and it hurts.

I'm in a long distance relationship and I feel so useless right now. This one is kind of the stray that broke the camels back hence me being here looking for help if anyone here even gives a shit. My girlfriend of just at 8 months now lives in NJ and I live in TN so we have a solid 16 hour drive between us so the closest we can get is skype and it fucking blows but anyways. Night before last she went out partying with a few friends and got quite drunk and says that one of them took advantage of her. Shes been having panic attacks and crying constantly and all I can do is sit here on the phone and tell her it's going to be okay like the useless bitch I am. I feel like shit I can't be there for her. She has already went to the police and gotten all of that filed away but now I have to sit here and just watch all of this unfold as I sit here unable to do shit. Her friends were supposed to be the ones watching her and making sure she is safe but now even with evidence of rape being filed away and put into a case they have all turned their back on her saying that she seemed like she wanted it...and I have to sit 16 hours away from her not able to defend her and just sit here like the bitch I am and feel the pain of one of the only people that actually give a shit about me any more consume them.

I can't handle this shit anymore It's just too much. I feel like my existence on this planet is needless. I have no need to carry on. I just feel like there is no point in me living. 

It's safe to say I don't want to live anymore.