My life has no meaning. Death is on my mind alot lately.I've studied Information Technology (just a 3 year course - the level I'm at is 6 out of 10 - this is the national academic levels in my country, most people stop at 6 or 7) Anyway I finished my studies in 2013, from there till now I've only ever worked for about 4 months in an IT related position and about 4 months in a regular job ( store assistant ). Okay so I know I'm not brilliant in my field but how do you expect anyone to be brilliant if nobody gives them the experience? I didn't study just to sit at home and read about IT stuff I need hands on experience if I really want to move up in my field. This 3 years out of studying and just 8 months of work, that's pathetic, who would hire anyone for a decent job or even IT job with that track record?

I don't know what to do. I've spent so much of time at home than anything else ( yes I do give my CV out I hand deliver to at least 3 companies a month and email often ) I get interview's but they just don't seem to pick me at the end. ( I'm nervous during the beginning of an interview, well who isn't? But I always answer the questions to the best that I can even sometimes word for word on what I read online for usual interview questions. *it's just one interview I didn't know what the hell this guy was asking me for an IT job, they mistakenly brought me in for a senior level one. ) 

I believe I could fake my references it could help only if you go to a grand master level and fake the company online and get a couple sim cards as well as fake the recommendation letter or services letter to perfection. ( maybe I should do this, just so I can feel proud that I've accomplished something, in my mind that is. )

However I don't believe this will even help me. I don't see any change. By the way I barely have money. In fact I dropped meeting my friend's, I usually just say I'm busy or can't make it but actually I don't have money or I'm saving the last bits on my airtime to buy data to socialize online and email my CV.

I don't see a good future for me and I don't want that but it's not like I'm just going to let it happen I will continue to send my CV and hope but there's only so much you can do till the darkness consumes you.

I've been depressed for years no doubt about that but only this year when I'm about to turn 24 I've started to accept suicide as an option. I mean come on, a year away from 25 and you've accomplished nearly nothing in your career and can't even get a career within regular jobs. There's no use living, I'm a failure. I tear up at times just typing this, but I give myself a few more years until I go to sleep for good.

TL;DR : Studied, barely much experience ( 8 months in 3 years ). Gave up on friends. Depressed. Suicide.