Starving to deathI don't know what to do anymore. The Government is forcing me to stay at home, in the UK, and I'm not receiving any sorts of benefits, after having applied for them all. I have no money left, no food in the fridge, I am starving. Since this virus has started I have been applying non stop for jobs, but nothing. I don't know what to do anymore, the bills keep piling u, my phone provider stopped giving me service because I missed the bills because I was saving money for food, which I don't even have anymore. I don't know what to do I feel like my country and everyone has forgotten about me? How long till I have no more heating? Gas? Electricity? I don't know what to do I have been suicidal since I was a kid, but never before have I lent into it this much. I cant get it off my mind it seems like the logical answer, I'm just going into debt trying to stay alive. 

I'm not sure what to do anymore, I have tried asking for help, people say ask for the benefits, which I cant get. I don't have any friends or family, and me and my girlfriend broke up just before this all started. I don't know if even there is a point. If I don't directly kill myself I will die from starvation. I feel betrayed by the government for forcing me to stay at home when the death toll is like a bad seasonal fly. I feel betrayed by the news for pushing the agenda that everyone needs to stay at home. I feel betrayed by the government again because they closed my account, where they give out free money to everyone affected. 

I don't know what to do and I don't want to die of starvation, I just want an easy way out, that is all. does anyone have any good methods? I don't have a car. What are the chances I will die if I jump in front of a train? It will have to be at a station so it will be going slow. What about toaster in the bath? 

I have always hated myself, and I always thought that would be the pushing factor to a suicide, not a virus... 

Please someone give me a method. A good, reliable method. I don't have anything, I live alone, I'm going to die anyway, please give me a method. I cant do this anymore, starving wondering when everything is going back to normal, someone out there must have a working method? Pleasee