No love for the creepy girl.So, I'm prone to weird little obsessions. They just sort of worm their way in to my life and stay there for an indeterminate amount of time. They alter my perception of everything and become a filter through which I perceive everything else I encounter. The only time in my life this was alleviated was during a period when I took Paxil and, later, a cocktail of Paxil and Wellbutrin, but I could scarcely concentrate on anything and spent most of my time looking at cute cat pictures and buzzfeed quizzes (I also later learned that Paxil and Wellbutrin interact with each other, and it's just dumb luck that I never had a stroke. Stay classy, prescribing physicians). I went off the meds when it became obvious I couldn't do my job (which demands lots of concentration and analysis) on medication. It's been a bit over six months now. I find that I think much more clearly and creatively, and can get a lot more done, but the obsessions and preoccupations are back.

I was trying to talk to my romantic partner the other night, and my current obsession came up. He asked for the umpteenth time why I'm so preoccupied with it, and I tried to explain. He was utterly bored with it. It became obvious to me that I'm going to just bore everyone and make people uncomfortable for the rest of my life. This is pointless. 

I'd give anything to be some charming, enjoyable person like Taylor Swift, effortlessly bouncing from topic to topic, never sounding weird, creepy, or too intense, always pleasant and fun. But that's just not me, and it never will be.

I'm in my mid-thirties, for the love of God... This won't ever get better. All I ever do is alienate people and make them uncomfortable. Some people might say my obsessive tendencies are a superpower (I hold a job where excessive concentration and ability to over-analyze a topic to death are necessary), but I'd rather just get along with people, be popular and happy.

I also find it hard to bullshit people... if people ask for my opinion on something, I tell them what I honestly think. Given people's reactions, I feel like I'm constantly failing some hidden test I don't really understand. 

I'm tired of being a constant disappointment to everyone. I'm tired of feeling like a disgrace. I'm tired of knowing that I'm weird and creepy, and being forced to feel like a perpetual abomination. I actually think being dead would be better than being me... like there's just no place in polite society (or maybe any kind of society) for people like me. 

