VentingI've been in a place, mentally of being depressed, anxious and suicidal(mostly thinking about it, only attempted twice.) pretty much as long as I can remember. This was a nuisance in my younger years- I had my first attempt at 10 and then at 20, but as I grew older and realised the depression never went away even when the situation changed, it became something I never thought it could be- much worse. I tried every medication under the sun as well as smoked weed, moved and changed jobs numerous times and went to therapy for a solid 12 years, and things don't seem any better, except for the awareness that middle age brings. Place won't change my depression and drugs don't work for me appreciably.

I'm starting a new hospital outpatient program and have to say I am not too optimistic, even though I know I need to do something, since I am really sick of being suicidal and going on these cycles of working for 6 months, then getting too stressed out and quitting. I've failed out of jobs, school, pretty much everything in my life, and I wonder often if i simply don't have the courage to off myself, because I can't see a situation where the long term pain in the ass of me being alive is better than the slow, leechlike presence I currently am. I'll have a job for a while, but mostly live off of welfare. Everything inside of me that used to dream and have hope is dead, since the awareness that I can't make it through jobs or college or relationships or find a place in the world, since I can't pick myself up, it seems the suffering will never end and no damn therapist has ever helped me one lick except to be a person I can vent to and form an unhelpful codependent relationship with.

I don't know. I'm middle aged and I feel useless just collecting welfare. I hate it, but then I try to work and I wind up having to quit because I'm not sleeping, dissociating all the time and hallucinating from the social anxiety. I think somewhere, there is a sliver of hope, but it's pretty f'n dim and I wonder if I don't keep it alive because of my fear of killing myself or the fear of what my death would cause to my family, while my life (I'm a non-entity of a derpy depressed wallflower) is nothing but a pain to others around me.

Thanks for reading. Just needed to vent.
-Anon

