I'm not sure I can hold it much longer.(throwaway, obv)

I feel like this is the end of my journey.

I've failed so many times, my luck ran out. I was dropped out, almost killed myself, and I saw a glimmer of hope when I enrolled in Uni again. I was thinking if I take psychology, it would just go away. It was fun at first, but things got out of hand when I took an entrepreneurship class.

It was there, two years ago when I'm sure that I wanna be an entrepreneur. I was excited, I finally found it. I finally found what I really want in life, I was so sure that this is my path. I postponed major internship positions at major companies, I postponed my final thesis to work on my startup. It was fun at first, I got to meet people that shared the same passion as I am, I was meeting people that I would not normally meet if I was just a student. I am somebody.

I delayed my graduation, I'm not the type of person that can focus on two things at once. I can't focus on both a thesis and running a startup. No one was using the site, no one would buy our product, the development timeline is so delayed. Everyday it would be the same routine, opening Google Analytics and seeing 0s everywhere, and cold calling potential customers. It's frustrating. Not only that, I started this journey with my girlfriend. Being a bipolar herself, she's also suicidal. Numerous times we sat down and cried, to the point where we planned to just kill ourselves.

Now I'm a different person. I thank God that my mother is still supporting me, she's very empathetic towards my ambitions. But for how much long should I torment her? I don't have a degree, I don't have anything. I'm doing something towards nothing.

Numerous times I planned on killing myself. I shrugged it out in the past, but now it just keeps getting real. I found a few spots where I could just jump or crash my car. 

Thankfully I can still think clearly. So many people depends on my life. My friends, my coworkers, my family, even my dog. I know they still love me, but I'm not sure if I love myself.