Completely terrified by a friend's recent change in behavior and mood.First off I would like to say that I have no real knowledge about these kind of things, and I am in no way trying to detract attention from the ones posting here who themselves are in need of advice.

I really don't know where to start. I suppose it all began when a friend of hers tried to commit suicide himself and she took the burden of trying to "fix" him on herself. She's always had mood swings of varying degrees and has been diagnosed as being bipolar, but after what happened to that friend it only took a turn for the worse. I noticed her becoming less and less affectionate to others, and after a while just plain scolding at people because she thought "they were only trying to make her unhappy". 

It's possible I'm her only true friend left, if having daily online online conversations are sufficient to call it our relation that. The only reason I'm still her friend is because I gladly coped with all the things she said to me because I've been down that road as well, and partly because I have some romantic feelings for her. I know what it feels like to think that life is only misery and suffering. 

But as of know it seems she has started to neglect me as well, just before she was telling me that "at this rate I won't make it to eighteen", she seemed rather joyous about that thought for some reason. So what did I try to do about that? I tried to get her into talking but it only seems to make things worse. Maybe "trying to break her shell" isn't such a good idea? Should I give her some time before resorting to more serious measures, like notifying her psychologist? My box of tricks seems to be empty by now, I've tried everything I possibly can to make her satisfied with herself again. Which is exactly why I came to /r/SuicideWatch. I now live with the fear that she might seriously injure herself or worse. 

PS: Just because she's not an adult, doesn't mean her problems aren't real. I can assure you they are. 