After a shitty Christmas, I sent 3 texts.Today all started with my dad not being home. I don't get to visit him often, as he lives far away from me and I can't travel (I'm 15). My brother was home, the same brother who raped me as a child. While that's not a problem anymore, I still fear him. We went to my grandmothers house, and no one knew I was on the island. I thought they did. All my aunts and uncles looked over me. My cousins took me to a room where I watched them play a game. One of my cousins, we'll call him Kevin, has been obsessed with me for years. He's my age now, and kept looking at me in a way that made me uncomfortable. Eventually, my mom called and told me and my brother to go pick her up. Dad still wasn't home, so I told my brother, and he asked me to go with him. We got to the airport slightly late, because the dog got out and we had to chase him down. When we went to pick her up, she yelled at us and told us that we're not worthy of being loved. My brother drove her 2 streets away from my dad's house and told her how to get to my uncle's house. She told me to get out the car. My brother was already halfway to the house. He has the beeper for the gate, and I don't. Mom drove off. I called to my brother, but can't run to him. There's probably glass on the road and I was wearing heels. He gets home before I do, I get to the closed gate. Dad still isn't home. It's 8:00pm by now. I ask my brother to let me in, he says no, go with mom. I tell him mom left, but I'll go to grandmas's house. My cousin was still there. It was either my brother let me in or I face whatever he's going to do to me. My brother finally lets me in. Guess who still wasn't home?

Isn't Christmas meant to be spent with family?

I go to my room, and send out three of the same texts to three different friends. They read "Do you really give a fuck about me? If I were to drop dead right now, would you really care?"

Two responded. One of them said yes, and asked why. When I told him what happened, he didn't say much. He excused himself, saying he had to be with his family.

The other one has been talking to me since. He's really my best friend and I do love and appreciate him.

But I still want my dad home. I still want to look him in the eyes and say "Why don't you care about me? You don't call, you don't spend time with me, and I've never really talked to you. Why do you hate me? Why do you prefer your son?"

It's like he's trying not to fuck up with this son. Just because he fucked up with me doesn't mean I'm a lost cause. I don't understand why he doesn't care about me. While I'm typing this, I'm sitting on the kitchen counter with a knife by my side.

Dad lives in a mountain, no one would hear me scream. If I slit my throat, it'd all be over.

So I have a question for you, dear reader.

Do you give a fuck about me? If I were to drop dead right now, would you really care?