Two monthsMy son died two months ago today. His white trash grandfather ignored our rules and was negligent, killing him with his carelessness. My son was transported via helicopter,  but his mother and I beat him to the hospital (we were both at work.) 

I then watched as a dozen people took turns performing cpr on my son's limp body. They wouldn't let us into the room at first. I couldn't see how bad the damage was to his head. I thought he might have a chance. I kept thinking that ww can deal with brain damage as long he stays with us. 

Then I saw him up close. I saw that he nevery had a chance. The cpr was for our sake, not his. It was clear to a layman that he never had a chance at survival. They wanted us to know thatthey tried to save him. 

I often find my self reliving that day suddenly. The things that set it off are strange and nonsensical, at times. His grandfather showed up to the funeral unwelcome. He was told by several messengers not to come. I wish I had brought a gun for just in case, but I thought that at least his family would respect our wishes and keep him from oming. No, they rode together. 

I miss my son. The whole world seems to be ending and I hate it. I hate every day. Corrupt politicians and antimask pieces f shit. I am infuriated by the world and at the same time calmed by it. "How fucking dare you pull this pandemic bullshit while I grieve my son, can't you keep it together for one fucking second while I mourn?!?!?"    Yet at the same time, I enjoy it. Of course the world should end, Connor is gone. I enjoy the fires burning this shitty world down and am grateful for them, while I the them. I can't form a solid opinion about anything anymore. Everything is conflicted. I wonder if he was spared from what's coming. Idk 

I'm not doing well. I don't like it here any more. The only reason I haven't acted is for my partners sake. She lost her mother in april, two days before His birthday. We see her roughly 4 times a year, and she had come to drop off birthday presents because his party was cancelled over corona. She had a stroke on our doorstep. Did she somehow know, subconsciously, and want to see her daughter/grandson one more time? Can't know

I hate this world and everything in it. I hate being here and I've only gotten worse since his death. Time isn't healing it's festering. I don't know how much longer I can hold this weight.