I'm scared of myself. [support + advice]I just need to get this out, because I'm currently alone and driving myself crazy. I'm not even quite sure if this is the right sub...please feel free to direct me elsewhere.

I've been depressed for a long time. It's gotten bad in the past few weeks, and I've been actively planning suicide. My SO is a saint, he called my insurance company on Friday and got the name of a counseling center in network, and then called them to try to set up an appointment for me. Except, the case manager had to call me back to set up the appointment. And I didn't get the call. And now they're not open. He said he'll call them again tomorrow....but I know that realistically I won't get an appointment until later in the week at least, if not later, and if I tell them I'm suicidal they'll skip the appointment entirely and tell me to go to the ER. Which leads me to now...

I'm not currently in my home state. Not a legal resident in the state I'm in...just staying with my SO because, well, my family enviroment was toxic. Also, I have several other "life threatening" health problems, that I'm being seen for at home, but are not exactly well managed, my fault. But I'm not actively sick, which is important to me.  My SO has been trying to convince me to go to the ER to get mental health help, but I'm absolutely terrified because I know they'll do a blood test to check for drugs, and they'll immediately see that I'm not "healthy" and then I'm afraid they'll just keep me in treatment for all of my other various issues aside from mental, and I'm afraid I won't be allowed to refuse because I'm definitely not of sound mind. And my SO has no legal sayso, we're not married.

Now I'm just sitting at home with our cats because I convinced him to go to work because he can't afford to miss any more, against his better judgement. I promised him I wouldn't harm myself, and he's constantly checking on me, and if I don't respond he's only down the street. I promised him I'd think about the ER, but I'm just so scared. I know getting help is right, I'm afraid I won't live if I don't get help, but I ONLY want help for the mental health stuff, and then I'll follow up with MY doctors for my other stuff.

I guess...does anyone know if I can make it work like that? Or am I basically forefiting everything once I walk in the doors? I've never self admitted for mental issues.

I'm overwhelmed. I have 7 hrs til SO is off, I'm just trying to keep myself distracted. Watching animated movies....anyone else have any other suggestions? My own brain feels like it's against me.

If you read all that, thank you.