Why not...? Part 2Hi reddit,

i've [posted a few months ago](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/bzj1c/why_not/) and just wanted to give you an update. **There's no danger**, so please don't worry. I really tried to get a better more livable life, but it just won't work. I know it's only been 4 months, but you have to take the 10 years before that into consideration.

I still have brutal headaches every single day. In the last 3 weeks they have been even worse, because i started a 20 week internship that every college student here has to go through. Being very close to people every day for 9hours is horrible for me. The constant "do they think i'm stupid?", "what did that strange look mean?", etc. drives me insane. I just can't concentrate and pretty much stare at program code for 8 hours without being able to read/comprehend anything.

I tried pretty much everything you people told me to do. I went to three new medical doctors and got my whole body checked and all 3 results showed nothing an unusual. I'm way healthier than most people at my age. Now that's some fucked up irony, huh? They gave me a bunch of different useless pain medications and the names of some psychologists that i already visited and one that i don't want to visit, because he has a horrible reputation.

I exercise again. I still run/swim/cycle for more than 10-20km two or three times a week and it doesn't help much. It relieves my headaches a little, but it's barely noticable.

I even tried massages for 3 months, twice a week.  It helped to make my wallet a lot lighter, but other than that it didn't do much good ;).

Between all that good and healthy stuff i had some fun and did whatever the hell i wanted to. Parachuting, driving to the Italy because a buddy wanted to camp and drink at the beach, riding rollercoasters in an amusement park on ecstasy and acid (holy fuck that was an experience!)... Believe it or not, i actually had a threesome on camera, if that counts as starring in a porno. That was all fun while it lasted, but the second i was lying in bed, it all was gone again. The insomnia is/was, as always there (5 hours of sleep in the last 4 days), and the next day was/is as horrible as always. Now i'm completely broke and the thought of going to another country right now is pretty much on hold. I'm stuck here for a long time.

As i've mentioned i started my internship and damn it makes me hate life even more. No matter how hard i try, i won't be able to do any kind of job to have a decent kind of living. It doesn't matter if it's freelancing or a regular job. Just the thought of something forcing me to work drives me insane. I know how stupid this sounds, but that's just the way it is and hey, it's my life.

I went back to the only medication that seems to help: weed. I'm high right now, because i'm sure this day would have ended bad without it. It's the first time in 4 months and damn it feels good. Most of the things i wrote have been written down before i got high, so please don't think it has anything to do with that. But you know what? My lawyer called a few days ago and told me i have to be in court in a couple of weeks and he's guessing i have to do regular drug tests and pay a hefty fine! This is such a fucking joke. I will need to get a second job just so i can pay the huge fine for the unbelievable crime of smoking and owning a plant, that is harmless when compared to alcohol and cigarettes, in the comfort of my own home. No growing, no selling, just smoking and owning around 3gram of weed. Fuck that, seriously. There's no way i'm gonna pay and support that corrupt, idiotic system. But of course that's not all. They will bully me on a regular basis with their drug tests and if there's even a slight discrepancy i will lose my driver's license.

My "friends" are pretty much gone. We had some small adventures in the last 4 months, but after trying again and again i realized i couldn't have a serious conversation with them and pretty much stopped talking to them. It's better that way.

Last but not least, i talked to my sister. She had holidays for 4 weeks and it was a "good" timing. She was not as shocked as i suspected her to be. She knows i've been in pain every single day for such a long time. We talked for a long time and both cried, but at the end she understood it, at least to the point where i know she could handle it. She doesn't want me to see unhappy, in pain and struggle every single day. She said if it is the only way i can be "happy", she won't stand in my way.  It was so horrible to talk with her about all of that, but it looks like she knew how desperate i was and why i turned to her with such a horrible thing.

I know how i would do it. I already tried it on on some different materials and even metal burned away like it was paper. I'm guessing the only thing that will be left of me are some really small chunks of burned teeth... scattered across a huge area. There's no way anyone would stumble upon anything of my body. That takes care of the problem that somebody could find my body and be scarred for live. I'm almost a bit proud of my contraption. Wow, that's a morbid thing to say... :D

I still can't think of a reason why i should stay alive. There's really nothing keeping me alive anymore. Thanks for reading all that stuff. You people are awesome. I've said it at the beginning of this post and i'll say it again: there's no danger of me killing myself, so please don't worry. I just needed to get these things off my chest again.

Time to go to bed now. I'm not sure if i'll be able to answer tomorrow, because i have to work late.