How I ruined my life. I don’t want to die, I’m scared, but I’ve completely ruined the good cards I was given in life and replaced them with ones that make it hard to keep goingI’m gonna keep it short. I had a normal, and going into high school very happy life. I had lots of friends, everything was fun, experiences vivid. Growing up, I was decent in the looks department. Not insanely attractive, but enough to have no issues whatsoever with girls, and I was never bullied. I’d always been very popular in my group of friends, people treated me very well and generally seemed to want to be around me. I was the leader of me group you could somewhat say. Until the start of the year, I got into some facial excercises that went terribly wrong, and has somehow completely destroyed my looks. Don’t believe me? Check my post history, I have pictures before and after this happened. My face only continues to get worse. I am now towards the back in my group of friends, a follower. No one tends to talk to me without me initiating. I was once a dominant voice, now no one seems to listen or respond when I speak. My female friends, who were once very friendly and chatty with me, they don’t bother. I say something, and they walk off mid sentence. I’m now rated as a 4 out of 10 or Lower, and have been told my face looks fucked up and strange. Everywhere I ask the answer is now that I’m very ugly, 100%.

My life, especially socially has changed imensely for the worse, and I feel alone. It is absolutely indescribable how much pain and torture I experience every single day. The deep and utter regret is constant, to the point where I almost feel physical pain. I am so incredibly sad and angry at myself, I don’t know how to process it or cope. The feeling of looking in the mirror and seeing someone completely different has made me feel disconnected from my self, it’s terrifying. I look at old photos, and that’s who I think is me, not the stranger I see in the mirror now. I used to have high self esteem, now I loathe myself. Hating yourself is the worst experience in the world. When you hate someone, you don’t like being around them, and when someone hates you have to put up with some kind of verbal or physical abuse. The worst thing about hating yourself is that you can literally never be away from these things, the person who hates and abuses you is impossible to escape because it’s you. The pain is so much, that I’d rather death

There are other things on top of this, And I have anedonia that is so bad that my life is black and white, and my ability to orgasm has completely vanished. There are lots of people who likely have it much worse than me, and my thoughts go out to them.