No Income and Car Getting Repo'd, Car Insurance Getting Cut Off, Running Out of Food = Kill MeI am at the lowest point of my entire life. I am 2 car payments behind already and have another payment coming up that I can not afford to make. If I get 70 days past due Santander told me that my account will go into repo status, and the 3rd car payment behind will mark the 70 day threshold. I owe a total of 891.70 as of the upcoming 3rd payment next week and then if I don't pay it all they will take my car and then sue me for the difference after it gets repossessed and sold at an auction. The car has a very low trade in value because it currently needs a new fuel filter and the front seat is ripped up, it also has the engine light on and ABS light and needs a new tire because I've had to drive on a spare, so there is no way I could sell it to anyone without having to come up with at least 5k in negative equity for the 12k loan. 

My car insurance is getting canceled on the 13th, and I can't make a payment arrangement, because they've already let it slide a month past due and it's my last chance. I owe them 114.20 for the past due payment and have another car insurance payment coming up this month.

I'm down to my final $11 after several months of trying to find a reliable full time job. I made the mistake of accepting a swing shift position at a nearby casino and after spending tons of money on gas for a 45 minute commute one way, then finding out 2 weeks later they were only going to pay me for 3 days of the 2 weeks I worked. Payroll refused to pay me for the rest and said they hold it in case anyone owes the company money due to a licensing fee of $250 for working on casino machines. I signed a contract stating this would be taken out gradually, not that they would just hold onto almost all of my first paycheck. I accepted an offer of 40 hours per week with 13.45 starting pay and that somehow equates to $220 for 2 weeks of work. I told my boss and he just told yelled at me to do my job and stop talking, so I got mad at walked off the job. After turning in my uniform I called payroll again and they said I would get the remainder of my check mailed to me on the 16th. By then I won't have insurance anymore and my car will probably be gone. And I need it for food and to survive on, so I can't pay my bills with it even if I wanted to.

My parents are very tough love and they think that letting me suffer through this situation will make me a better person. This is after my sister died of a sudden heart attack in August and they both took off to another state and planned her funeral without me and refused to tell me the location they were having it at, even though I was on good terms with both of them at the time and spoke to them daily. I got to hear about my own sister's funeral through Facebook because they refused to tell me where it was at so I couldn't even say goodbye to her. My dad apologized after I ignored him for a month but my mother refused to apologize so I cut all ties with her. I am still on speaking terms with my dad and we talk several times a week, but that hasn't stopped my mother from ordering him not to help me out.

My therapist has suggested I request financial assistance from a local church. I am worried about the timeline of losing everything and no longer having a vehicle in 3 days. I have about a week's worth of food coming in the mail tomorrow and won't be able to afford anymore after that. Life as I know it is literally over and there is no hope. I don't qualify for unemployment or any kind of assistance and I have no other relatives or friends that are willing to help me. 

It's gotten to the point where I visualize my attempt as a coping mechanism, one shot to the roof of the mouth hitting the brain stem. All of the pain gone within seconds and then peace. The only thing stopping me is fear. I am afraid of the pain and I'm afraid of failing or being found. Anyone who thinks of themselves as a hero for rescuing someone with their face shot off and forcing them to live that way is the definition of evil, and I'm afraid someone will think they're doing me a favor. I have nothing and no one and there is no way out of this disaster that has become my life. 

I am currently diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and C-PTSD. I feel completely unable to provide for myself and I feel like it's only a matter of time before I just die off without food and income. The world doesn't want people like me and I feel like all of the bills piling up and losing my car and not having my basic needs met is a sign that I just need to rid myself of the never ending pain. I have never wanted to die as much as I do right now. I just need to do it already.