Suicidal person curious about experience of people who have been medicatedSo I have numerous reasons. In a lot of ways, on paper, my life isn't that bad, nevertheless I would just rather not.  My life didn't get bearable until I made the plan to quit my job, spend all my money traveling then come back and etc.  

There are things that make me sad, but I don't know if I would say its depression that has had me leaning in this direction for almost the last two years.  It seems very rational to me, based on several specific circumstances.  I can't account for the mysteries of what might lay beyond or the fact that it would devastate my family, notwithstanding I am very calmly approaching the end. 

I never considered medications, for one its not sadness and so in my eyes not depression but reasons of futility.  It seems like the western conception of depression pathologizes the individual looks at it through the only prism a biologist for instance is capable of understanding a person losing drive in life which is chemical ratios, which you know maybe could just be how a very ordinary reaction to overwhelming circumstances appears in the brain.  It doesn't seem like western medicine can make the leap to suspect that maybe there is something wrong with our society, how we live, the disparity between what we are told will make us happy and reality, that maybe it is myriad external forces and not something that can just be washed over by manipulating chemicals in the brain.  I don't know, I studied culture and why we make the choices we do, I see how we see from the side and so to me everything has a more holistic explanation.

To the topic, what was the transition like for those of you who took medication?  Did it remove sadness by just not making you feel anything?  How did it make you able to bear the reasons you felt like life wasn't worth living?  Are you now forever dependent on the medication?  I remember reading about David Foster Wallace and how the Oscillations of his wellness to unwellness associated with some antidepressant may have had a role in his ultimately killing himself.

To possibly save you time, I'm not necessarily contemplating saving myself through medication.  I'm kind of winding my way back and forth across the edges of whats permissible in some of these subreddits to try and find my way to something, I'm not exactly sure what.

