I’ve never considered myself capable of suicide, but lately it’s been harder and harder to keep goingI’ve been struggling with depression for much of my life but have gotten by with a positive attitude, even though that’s a bit contradictory. The last year and a half I’ve been dealing with a bad ankle injury that has me in chronic pain and discomfort every waking second of the day, and making it difficult to sleep every night. I sacrifice my wellbeing for my job and passion, which is teaching math in schools and running and coaching a youth ultimate league, and have devoted everything to that lately. It’s the only thing keeping me going, as being 24 and anti social and depressed in my free time, my evenings are spent alone and in pain. 

Today though I dislocated my shoulder, for the third time. I know what lies ahead of me in this recovery, I know I’ll probably have to get surgery (I recently had surgery done on my ankle, but it only seems to keep getting worse). All I can see in my future is more pain, discomfort, loneliness, emptyness. I have people that care about me and support me, but I can’t bring myself to be honest with them as to how bad I am actually doing. I am starting to lose hope my ankle will ever get better, and now with the shoulder injury it is just all too much. It seems like all I will ever know is pain and discomfort. The shoulder on top of the ankle is just so crushing to the tiny bit of fighting spirit I have left, and now I am in double the pain and discomfort and there is no position, movement or anything I can do without it flaring up. I am terrified of trying to sleep tonight, that it won’t be possible or if I manage, that my shoulder will pop out. I’m also getting to the point where I can’t work or coach anymore, the pain is too much, and without that work keeping me up..

The only thing that’s always prevented myself from attempting suicide is what that would do to my family and the students I’ve taught and mentored. I don’t think I could ever bring myself to do that to them. But I just feel trapped and without hope. I’m not sure if this is the place to post this, or what I want from posting this. I’ve never had anyone in my life I’ve been open and talked honestly with about what’s truly going on, I always try to put on a positive and cheerful attitude so people don’t have to worry over me. I don’t know if I’ll respond to any of you, just writing this itself is a bit helpful. But thank you for reading, and thank you in advance if you feel inclined to reply with your support. I don’t think I’m posting this to seek people’s love and support, more to just get it out. 