two little ratsso my drinking is a lot more under control nowadays.. mostly because i can't really afford it anymore. i was getting drunk 5-7 nights a week. now it's once or twice a week.



i'm just morbidly depressed and tired anymore. i honestly have nothing going for me. no friends, lost my job, little sister moved 5 hours away with my ex-step mom, i'm doing terrible in school, my mom is dead, my boyfriend has even less motivation than me to do something with his life. it seems i'm at a dead end. 



the only thing in my life i'm really worried about, the only thing i'm good at, is taking care of my rats. surely i have another purpose in this world than taking care of rats. i mean don't get me wrong, i truly love the amazing, little creatures. they give me a reason to get out of bed - to give them their medicine, feed them, clean their cage, and play with the one who likes to play. i worry that if i were to die, nobody would really take care of them properly. that's what i worry about if i were to die. everyone else thinks i'm insane for taking such good care of them, better than i do of myself. but the rats are truly appreciative of it. they're affectionate, smart, and for such a tiny animal with a tiny brain, they just fucking amaze me. (and i can't explain it, it sounds crazy, i know. but they're the best pets i've ever had - surpassing dogs and cats - and you just have to experience them to believe me.)



nobody else really gives a shit about me. not me. anyone else just cares about what they can get out of me, or who they want me to be. well, except my great grandmother. and she is dying. and i've not visited her in too long.
i hate myself for that.



i try to find beauty in life every day. and i do see it. i see the beauty, and i can appreciate it. but beauty is not for me. it is not mine to have. i can look at it, and on rare occasions, i can touch and feel it. but beauty is just an abstract concept, though real as it is. it isn't a solid figure. it is the only thing in life that shows me that there is something special about the "big picture." but the fact that i have nothing to do with that concept, the fact that that concept has nothing to do with me. it shreds me apart. yeah, i can behold all this "beauty" and take it into my soul, and i can love it. but it does not love me back.... like that flower in the field of cars and people, rows of concrete, paint, and steel. "don't touch it; it loves you not."



as much as i want to help better this world, as much as i can plan to do it, i don't think there is an opportunity in this life for me to do anything but give 2 little rats a loving, caring, nurturing home. 2 rats.



so i just sleep all the time. sleep, and mope, and take care of rats, and drink coffee, and scrape change for $3 cigarettes that make me want to puke. i'm barely tip-toeing my way through this semester of school. it sickens me of myself, because i finally found an area of interest that i'm passionate about - environmental preservation. but i know so many proactive people that are so organized, who have themselves together, who are out there making a real difference. people who aren't reclusive, lazy, self-loathing, shaky-handed, people-fearing, dreamers-not-doers like me. i don't even know where to start with "life." college is the obvious choice, sure. but college isn't going to make me less nervous. it isn't going to make it easier for me to connect to others. it will do nothing but earn me that Almighty Education. i still know nothing about the real world. i know nothing about life but all these useless abstract concepts that i've made up in my mind. and rats.



i feel as if the only 2 things compelling me to stay are my 2 rats. and then i wonder to myself, is this my punishment? to only feel loved and needed in the eyes of two little rodents? this is what my life is. when they've passed maybe i will finally decide to do so, too.