Not saying Im gonna kill my self tonight. But man, life feels so fucking pointless. Especially this entire year. I fantasize about it a lot...I did a lame attempt years ago. I tried to cut my wrist and left a nasty scar which scared some customers at the job at the time because it was scabbed but you can tell it was done with a razor blade. I just remember taking a swipe at my arm and thinking that I just scratched it. And suddenly it started pouring out blood. I genuinely thought that I did it. But it scabbed.

 Anyways, that time I was hurt. By this girl I had feeling s for. And frankly it was my fault that I upset her. She was cold and didn’t wanna talk. At home I drank some liquor and had tears in my eyes as I proceeded to grab the blade.

 Fast forward to now, it’s fully healed and there is a line. A reminder. I never told anyone about it.

Im 30 now, and the one thing that has gotten me over the years was the fact that Ive never been with anyone. Im not a virgin, but I never had a girlfriend. It lead me to feel completely worthless. It often feels hard to talk to any woman because I feel like they would not wanna talk to me. Im the oldest and all 3 of my siblings have someone with one of them engaged with a baby on the way. I got nothing to show for.

Im friends with this girl whom Ive known for over 6 years. We used to work together. Weird thing is that I was never particularly interested in dating her, it was always someone else.  And she had someone at the time. But we always spent time together. Wasn’t until a couple of years ago, that I started to feel something for her. It was just a realization of the fact that she stood by me the entire time. The only girl to rarely ever flake, to always hit me up to go out. I asked her if she wanted to date. She said she only saw me as a friend and I told her I saw her the same way. But it changed. I was afraid she’d disappear on me. But we were still cool. But she ended up with someone else.
 I was hurt, it did hit me. Because people said we looked good together, I felt like I fucked up by never making a move.

 We are still friends to this day, and I tried with other women but they always seem to flake. This year was gonna be a year where I wanted to change and be more social. But then this pandemic hit.

 If it wasn’t for my friend Id feel completely isolated. But it’s also a curse because we go out for coffee, but I have to sometimes hear about her boyfriend. It sucks and sometimes I think about not seeing her. But J don’t have anyone else and I don’t wanna cling onto any false hope. It just hurts that she will never see me the way she sees him. And idk if any girl ever will. Idk how it could happen. To be a dude that a girl would look at and feel so proud and lucky to be with. 

 It hurts that I feel worthless. Im moving to a new place since I live with family. But one fear that I have is that it would make it easier for me to end it.

And this pandemic just amped my depression. It’s like everything is bleak and Im stuck in one place. 

Sometimes I just wanna tell her how I feel. But what’s the point. She’s always texting me to go out. Im haply to hear from her but deep down, sometimes I just wanna disappear.