Don't tell me it gets betterHello Reddit.

My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn’t want to enable my depressive behaviors and occasional reliance on alcohol when the meds don’t make me feel okay. At first, he told me it was because we were two different people, and with two vastly different lives, but based off some conversations we had right before things ended it seemed to me like it’s more because of my instability.

When things went poorly with my roommates/close friends, I’d go to him and he’d make me feel much better. I had someone to go to and bounce things off my chest when I felt like I was on the outside, he made me realize that maybe I was and I needed to find new things.

But finding new things is hard when you’re constantly depressed and don’t want to leave your room, even to go to class.

I’ve been forcing myself to eat, but feel like I want to vomit whenever I leave my bed. I haven’t done laundry in two weeks, haven’t taken a shower in five days, and haven’t brushed my teeth in the same amount of time either. But the problem is, I don’t look like a mess.

My ex was right that I was on the outside. Three of my roommates from this year (two that I really like, and one who I feel like is replacing me), are rooming together next year, and are trying to convince one of my best friends to live with them. If they can’t, they’re looking for a random person to fill in that spot. They know how much I want to live with them and how much they mean to me, so it fucking sucks when it feels like they’re kicking me out of the group.

Yes, I don’t share a common core of interests, but I’m a constant provider. I make food for group meetings (that I never ask them to help make or pay for), furnished our kitchen (I brought all utensils, plates, bowls, and small appliances since the fridge and stove were provided). I let them print for less than half the price of the university’s print services, and lose money each time they print. But I didn’t care, because I thought they were my friends.

They’ve all told me that they don’t treat people they live with and don’t live with differently, but I know when we live 15, 20 minutes apart its going to be easy for them to dump me. Furthermore, there's someone that they used to hang out with all the time who doesn't live with us, and they've seen him twice this year. And they like this guy a lot. Even now, when I make plans like “do you want to watch a Netflix movie and have dinner?” they flake on me half the time. And while we’re all busy so I get it, they tend to not flake when its one of them planning – and often, I’m not invited.

Right now, I just came out of a midterm for a class I’m retaking, and I think I failed it, so I'm drinking wine out of the bottle. I have another midterm Wednesday, and another Friday, and the class’s midterm I have on Friday the professor actually doesn’t teach, but it’s the only time I could take it (major requirement), and I have a 22% vs. the class average of 46% (but that’s the difference of 2 midterm questions).
If the fucking railings on our balcony were just a foot shorter, I would have dropped the fuck off of it.

I’m sick of being abandoned.

I've talked to several different hotlines, and they all go in the same roundabout fashion. One guy even called me the wrong name.

On top of this, my parents don't accept me as "bi", so I'm afraid to tell them I'm really gay. I used to go to my mom for help with this, but she spilled the beans to my dad after I told her "when you tell him, he yells at me, makes me more uncomfortable and depressed, which makes you that way so then he comes back at me again." I wasn't invited to a party and told her, and then two days later I took my dad out to lunch and the whole time he just kept on grilling me. I considered walking out, but to where? I wasn't near my apartment, and he could always go there.