I keep thinking about itI'm 18f, I don't have a bad life at all, got a roof over my head, food on my plate, financial support from my parents and emotional support from my friends. But I still get this overwhelming sense of dread and depression that come and goes in exhausting waves.

At the moment I'm not in a great situation, I am jobless again since I was working a temp job that ended and and trying to find something new now. I hate being unemployed. Along with this I have a pretty rocky relationship with my mum (it's just me and her in the house) and she is getting more and more shitty with me and takes out her own stress on me because when I'm unemployed she treats me like I'm not even fucking human.

Me and my first ever boyfriend ended our relationship over a month ago, we were together for two years and it was one of those "when it's good IT'S PERFECT but when it's bad it's HORRIFIC" relationships. He was controlling and I was an asshole to him in return and I honestly think it fucked me up. The first week I was so happy to be rid of it but now every day gets harder and harder, apparently he is doing GREAT got a new girl already, I nearly hurt myself badly when I first heard about that.

Every day gets harder, it gets worse at night, I do have emotional support from friends but I don't actually have any close CLOSE friends, I used to go to my ex for support because he was my only support network and now I feel like I have nothing. I try talking to my friends, they don't really help even though they try, I don't feel better after chatting to them about how I'm feeling so I've stopped bothering. I tried talking to my ex again at the beginning of December, he dismissed all my attempts at cries for help with non-genuine "I'm sorry to hear that" "sounds bad" before going on to brag about how amazing he is doing.

I'm a loser, I'm not attractive, smart, intelligent, and I don't want to end up in dead end job after dead end job constantly praying for true happiness. But that's all I see for myself and all I've ever seen for myself. All the rest of the shit atm are just the pieces pushing me over the edge. I fantasize about jumping off a bridge an unhealthy amount, that's the only way I'd be able to do it, other methods I would pussy out of. But I don't know if jumping would kill me or just injure me. I can't believe I even think about something like that. Its so hard because, and I'm sure alot of people can relate to this, to everyone in my life I look so happy, 

I'm that bubbly loud girl who always jokes about everything (I always joke about dying and death and killing myself it's a habit at this point, I have dark humour, sue me) so no one takes me seriously and I know that unless I've tried to talk to them about it NO ONE would suspect I have these thoughts.

Don't know what I'm looking for by posting this, I guess I want a meaningful conversation with someone who relates and also wants someone to talk to.