Worthless degree so I guess I just get to be poor forever.I'm smart. Went to a good college. Graduated with honors. I can learn new jobs quickly. But because my degree is in TV/Film I guess I just deserve to be poor and die because jobs for people my age are gone forever except for those with computer science, engineering, or nursing degrees.

Every older person I asked for advice before going to college told me that any college degree would open up some opportunities, just do well in school and you can get a job outside your field if you have to. I knew a bunch of older people who had music degrees or art degrees and yet they worked in other fields making decent middle-class money. Well, post-2008 this is apparently no longer possible and if you aren't a programmer then you just starve.

I'm tired of making nine dollars an hour part time and working with high-school students just because my degree doesn't have "computer" on it. I can learn almost any job if someone would just give me a fucking chance. I'm so tired of this. Tired of submitting job applications and never hearing a fucking thing back. I'm sure the HR systems scan my resume and see "film" and just throw it in the trash before a single human being even looks at it. Yes, I've had my resume looked at by professionals. Yes, I've been to job fairs. Yes, I've interned. I've had enough of this shit. I worked my ass off in college to graduate with honors and it was ALL a waste. Every late night studying, all the hard work I did, all of it. All a waste. My entire life has been a waste. I tried. I really did. I worked so hard. But because a few semesters of classes I took as a teenager were slightly different than say, the classes the business majors took, I'm completely worthless and deserve to die.

Even better, I lose my health insurance next month and because I live in a god damn republican state, Medicaid wasn't expanded and I'm going to be paying hundreds of dollars for health insurance. Fucking brilliant. If I made a few thousand more dollars a year, I'd be paying TWELVE TIMES LESS for health insurance. This is the cost of Republican obstructionism. If you make under 11k a year, you pay hundreds of dollars for health insurance each month. If you make 12,000, you can get subsidies and only pay 20 bucks a month, and this is a problem created solely because the GOP hates the black president and refuses to comply with the health care bill that's been the law for fucking years at this point. You lose, you fucking inbred trailer trash. Give people in your state the health care they deserve you evil assholes.

Time to rack up some credit card debt, I guess. Thanks, Republicans! I'm so happy you've deemed poor people don't deserve health care! How very Christian of you! I guess once my credit card limits are maxed on health insurance premiums it'll just be time for me to eat a shotgun and finally be done with the false hope that my life has meant anything or that things will ever get any better or that all the effort I put into life was worth anything more than 9 dollars an hour. It's all a cruel joke.

If you go to college, go be a fucking computer programmer. It's the only thing left. Don't like programming? Too fucking bad loser, that's the only job left! I tried learning coding once (out of desperation) but I didn't like it at all, so what choice do I have? I'm getting too old to be stuck in a dead-end job but there's no end in sight.