If (or when) it ends, it all will end.I'm posting here because I'm tired. Very tired. In the past two years I've gone through two devastating heartbreaks. Once I finally got over each of them I began to realize that both of those men were no good for me. 

I finally met a man who is far greater than any other man I've been with. His name is L. He is a hard worker with big goals, great integrity, and great patience. L has stuck by me through a lot of shit. We've only been together 2 months and he has loved me enough to stay with my through my suicide attempt, fits of rage, bouts of self harm, and many other things. I'm trying so hard to be a better person. I'm finally learning how to love myself when most of my life I've hated myself. I'm trying to get control over my BPD and be the best version of myself. I'm trying so hard to live and be happy and make him happy. He introduced me to his best friend, T, who has become a brother to me. T has my back through thick and thin. He sees me as more of a sister than his actual sister, and me being an only child, I see him as the brother I never had. 

L has been patient, more patient than anyone I've ever known, but I feel like I'm running out of chances with him. He hasn't explicitly said so, but I just feel it. The worst thing is that while my intuition is active and has served me in the past, I know I can't always trust it because of my mental health issues. All I know is I'm scared. If I lose L, I lose everything. I won't be stable enough to continue school (which thus far I've gotten all As), I'll lose my brother T, I'll lose my sanity, and I don't think I can survive another heart break. Especially since this man is significantly better than the last two men who broke my heart. I mean I don't blame people for leaving me, since it's hard to deal with someone with a mental illness like me. But if I lose L, I don't know if I can survive. 

I can buy a gun. I can find someone to buy barbiturates off of in the city. I know how to make a noose. If I get drunk enough I might be brave enough to slice my wrists open. I'm gonna do my best to be strong enough to live on alone. I'm gonna do my best to not kill myself. I really am. But I just don't think I can handle any more pain. 

I just find peace in knowing that I can end it all if worst comes to worst. 