I QuitWhy is everyone else here? How do you guys hold on? I feel like I'm going to give up any day now, with no real plan beyond some kind of cathartic ending that leaves everyone with very little closure or comfort. I finally convinced my doctors to take me off all my medication in March, something I was in fact very proud about. I was actually feeling really great, right up until I tried to kill myself on April 17th.

Every day since then has been anxiety attacks and violent thoughts towards myself, with an underlying inability to cope with even the smallest inconveniences. It's important to mention that I don't think of my suicide attempt as a mistake, just a failure. Had there been any success I wouldn't be whining to you guys now. It's simply the misery of knowing I'm still alive when I have no reason to live that really kills me. The one thing that haunted me the worst after I survived, wasn't a memory or effect, or anything I had felt; I just couldn't stop wondering why I am still alive.

It's been 77 days since I tried, and every day I've wanted to try again. I finally gave in and decided to talk to my doctor about medications, because the anxiety attacks that have followed my suicide attempt have made living basically unbearable. What once was a mildly off putting occasional gift, became a consistent plight on regular life, and somehow I still can't help but feel like I'm giving up. I was so proud of getting off medication and now that I feel myself about to have to go on them again I feel like I'm moving backwards. All this progress for nothing, and all that.

Then again it's the apathy that really hits me the hardest. I don't want to do anything. I don't want to talk to people anymore, I don't want to watch movies anymore. I don't want to play video games anymore, or work out, or research, or anything else I'd loved so much. I don't even want to sleep, but sleeping is the easiest way to ignore everything else, so it's all I ever end up doing. Fuck I feel so close to the end and I don't even have it in me to want to roll over, I just want to lay in place and day. But I can't, so I just keep living.