I'm scared I need advise.So one year ago my ex and I broke up we have an amazing daughter who is almost three and he has been a great father. Well over the past 5 months or so he has gone in a huge depression and is now having suicidal thought but only tells me about them. He makes all his friends think he is fine so no body believes me but his mom. He is really into guns so has plenty of those around. Well ok so over time with his depression he blames me for it all cause after we broke up we had a one night stand and I got pregnant and well since I didn't have an abortion its all my fault. He quite his job in January, lives in his friends basement and has no money for anything. I have helped him out over the months with money food and whatever he needed. Well the past month or so he at night will get drunk (he has a drinking problem) and will send me suicidal threats. But I also believe they are to get my attention. I want to get him help but he's not one that will talk to anyone about his problems. He will open up to me but when I'm the reason he feels this way it makes it hard. Well tonight he has crossed the line and I actually had to talk to him out of suicide on the phone. He's the type of person if he feels trapped he will run. I could add so much more but you guys would be reading all night. Well my main point is I have become scared of him I think he has bi polar disorder. He is not accepting our son which I mentally prepared myself for it but I know I need to take his visiting rights with our daughter away to at least have visitation. But I'm scared that it might piss him off to bad to where he will come after me or take his own life. I want to get him help but if authorities can't do anything cause he refuses he will defiantly come after me than. I know I need to do what's best for my daughter but how do u do that when your scared.  I can't see him actually hurting me but with his mind set you never know. One day he wants me back and were great but the next he wants to kill himself cause I've ruined his life. Or like last night he had our daughter and we got in a text fight and he went suicidal so I went to go get her and he was all happy wanted to hold me and tried making out with me. Hes the type of person to where he is not afraid to kill someone so what's gonna stop him from doing it to me if I piss him off?  Sorry I could go on and on but Idk who to talk to. I just need advice