my life is spiraling out of controlhey guys. i dont want to be here anymore. i will try to make this as short as possible. i am 19 years old. i live with my parents and go to college locally. my first year of college, i freaked out about struggling in some classes and dropped two classes a few days before finals. it totally trashed my gpa. thinking the next semester would be better, i went in with a positive attitude and did the same thing. i lost my scholarship, and didnt have the heart to tell my parents. i pretended to go to school the next semester, all while not actually being enrolled. this semester ive been able to scrape together enough money to enroll in 2 classes and start on tuesday. its left me with absolutely no money. up until about a month ago, i was in a loving relationship. my boyfriend lived with me in my parents basement. we were together for two years. he had been apparently living a double life of some sort. he was getting some pretty hard drugs from a female coworker i believe he was cheating with. the drugs drastically changed his personality and caused him to become violent and hateful with me. i had to ask him to leave when things got physical. this happened pretty much overnight it seemed. my parents hate each other. they come home and stare at their phones without speaking or they scream at each other. it makes me sick. they treat me and my brother horribly because of this. i have no car. i have no means to get a car. i have no escape from anything. i reconnected with an old friend from high school. we really hit it off and i started having feelings for him. one thing lead to another and i started feeling happy again. the next day, he told me he wasnt actually interested. hes been basically ignoring me since then and ive made a pathetic fool of myself trying to get his attention. any attention, really. im lonely. im so busy with work that i have no time or desire for the things i love. my mother constantly puts me down. i understand that my situation is one that will surely get better, but i dont care at this point. the only thing keeping me here is my cats, honestly. i dont want to be here. i dont feel like i belong. i am shy and anxious and i cant make friends or meet new people. 