Suicide being logical?First of all: Apologies for my English. Didn't really speek it since I graduated from school last year. 

Does anyone know the idea of suicide being kind of logical, when it's like the only reasonable way of thinking about your future? Since I've gratuaded from school last year I tried to work in a supermarket and started to study a subject which I really liked at that time. Started with my driver's licence, too. First, I stopped working because I got more nervous (and tired at the same time) with every shift. Then I skipped more and more classes at my university and eventually stopped going there at all. Around that time I got my driver's licence, but due to me being nervous I never got to drive that much to get some practice. I basically cut off every "duty" that forced me to leave the house and interact with people and therefore it developed into a cicle and my "anxiety" (souds kind of weird to use this term, but I can't find a better description of being extremely worried about everyone and everything and having no energy to do something about it at the same time) got even worse. Now I'm starting to meet friends more often again and I made up a plan of other classes I could visit at my university (e.g. to change subjects), but now I've got chest pain which makes it nearly impossible to work out and my motivation for visiting other classes slowly fades away. I'm more and more aware of the fact that everything I put my energy into basically goes to shit in the end. No progress in working out, still not a sign of social skills or self respect though I try to interact with friends (or even strangers) as much as possible. I think I let my parents down every time I don't have the energy and/or courage to do something important (although they seem to be interested and understanding they're both extremely stressed at the time). Never had a girlfriend at the age of 19. Had this, whatever it was, with a girl for about 1,5 years, in the end, she was just disappointed and I was hurt and felt kind of used. Regular problems of a regular person, especially considering my age, but I feel like I'm simply to weak to live with it, let alone do anything about it. To be honest, I just can't see me overcoming those "fears" or "problems" in the near future. Finding a subject I'm interested in, get a nice body, lose my fear/stress about everything/everyone, get a healthy relationship. I just can't imagine me being capable of solving any of these problems. I may sound like an extreme coward (atleast that's what I think it seems like), but before I hurt/disappoint anyone else or get hurt/disappointed (mostly by myself) once again, I think it would be the best - and in this case most logical - way to just end it when there's no sign of something getting better in the near future. I'm not even whiny or over-emotional at this point (which I'm often enough, believe me), it just sounds like the least "annoying"/stressful way to solve all my problems at once. 

🖖