I want to end it all because death would be better than life???Right, so here we go. I'm a 13 year old girl, and I go to a top-notch private school in AUS. I'm like a terrible kid; I slam doors, I scream, I try and run away. And when I do those things, my parents punish me, they have a right to.

But their punisment methods are what hurt the most. Twice in the past year, my dad's hit me on the head so hard that I've gone dizzy and thrown up. Just yesterday, my mum beat me with a shoe until my back and right arm were sore and I was begging her to stop but she wouldn't.

Also, there's verbal punisment. My parents threaten to kill/hurt me continuously. My mum constantly tells me that she would kill herself if it wasn't for my sister, whom she loves dearly and would never do this to me. She also tells me how she would like to set me on fire, break my neck, kill me etc.

Recently, I've wanted to end my life more and more times. It just seems like nothing will get better, ever, and everything's my fault. Everything hurts, and I've seriously contemplated suicide a few times, though I know I'll never do it.

Yesterday, in the car, my mum yelled at me, and I was crying in the backseat. a truckie saw me, looked at me, but he didn't do anything. He. Didn't. Do. Anything. I've thought of him over and over, and each time I do, it hurts even worse. I've spent nights in the bathroom because I know if I go out, I will leave my house in the back of an ambulance.

Mostly, though, my parents are really nice. They buy me a lot of things, pay heighty school fees. This stuff happens only rarely. But when it happens, it's terrible, and I don't like it, and I'm begging for my life. Y'know, I think they like seeing me beg, sometimes force me onto my knees.

I know I'm probably just another spoilt little kid in your eyes, and I'm too old to be considered a child anymore, but to me, it's really serious. I'm actually scared for my life here. One day, I'm sure my parents will do something we'll both regret.

Yesterday, I called DHS, and my parents found out. They told me about all they've done for me, and said that I was a stupid, ungrateful slut who, if it was legal, they would have killed by now. I felt so ashamed, and wanted to die again.
Sorry for it being long, but seriously, what do I do? I'm barely a teenager, yet here I am, being so hurt. Please, tell me what to do. I don't want to go to the cops, and DHS is not an option.