I'm only 17 and tired of living.From the point I was born, my mom had been an alcoholic. I have 3 older half-sisters that abandoned me when I was 5 knowing the situation I would have to face in the future because my dad was verbally and sometimes physically abusive. I was around 6 and my dad worked nights so he would never be at home. Around that time my mom would threaten to commit suicide every single night for the next 10 years. I would do the same routine every night. I would make sure my younger brother was fed and was asleep. I would hide my mom's car keys knowing she was drunk to avoid her leaving. She would always threaten that too and almost did a few times but I talked her out of it. This all stopped around last February, right after my dad moved into an apartment with my brother and I. Before that I got to watch my mom stab herself with a knife. We lived in the apartment for a few months and my mom is now one year sober. I suffer from PTSD, severe anxiety problems, and depression now. I thought everything would change when she stopped drinking but know she verbally abuses me. She calls me a bitch and many other names every other morning. Just last week I forgot something at home on the way to school and she yelled at my for 20 min saying how irresponsible I am and how I lack common sense and that I'm a bitch. About two years ago I barely ate and every time I did I would get sick. This went on for a whole summer and I dropped around 30 pounds which was a lot for me since I'm petite. Even though I took care of my brother as a kid he treats my horribly now. Last year he gave me a concussion from throwing me on the ground, grabbing my hair, and slamming my head repeatedly on the ground. I got my licence in July but got it suspended because I started fainting due to stress in September. My parents still yell at me about it. I hate how I feel know. I just feel tired of living. I wish I could just go to sleep and never wake up. I feel like an animal trapped in a cage waiting to die. I'm just exhausted. I thought before that I would never do it because I'm scared to, but now I am doubting that. I can't keep doing this anymore. I just need someone to talk to that understands me. One person I've talked to told others that they are annoyed with me being depressed constantly. I just need advice on how to cope. I graduate in 4 months and will be moving out. It's just getting worse. I'm only 17. I don't want to feel like this. People tell me that I should be happy because I'm moving out soon, but I just don't care. I just don't feel happy anymore. 