I need some help from y'all. I don't know what to do.For months I've had a great friend named Kara. Keep this in mind, I have tons of anxiety problems along with insomnia, caffeine addiction, and amongst my anxieties I have Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. I feel like I'm the constant biggest problem to deal with ever. But anyways, my friend Kara, back in November while I was away on a High-School Military Skills Team competition Kara had just broken up with my Commander, Josh.


 While at competition she made a move on me and we started making out. On the Monday we got back, I asked her out and she said yes (quite hesitantly). I fell head-over-heals for her and 6 days later she told me she just dated me to get over my Commander.


 A week later, I found out her and my Commander had been making out in the back of his car. I felt hurt, but it wasn't my place. Over time I finally got over it and she became my best friend. About a month ago while me and her were in the Rifle Range alone (which is where we change for practice) after practice she ran up to me and started kissing me. I did so back and over 3 weeks we did this over and over again. 


 On Valentines Day, I had a seizure (for the first time) due to apparently what is identified as a neurological scar. She came and saw me in the hospital and in my mind that was the drawing point of, "yes I like her again." 


 Eventually I got farther with her than I have any girl before. Finally, last Saturday, I was going to ask her out again. Before I did a DIFFERENT Commander of mine pulled me off to the side and told me she liked another DIFFERENT Commander of mine. One I was particularly close to. I said okay, and held it in, but the second he closed the door I broke down bawling. 


 Naturally, being a caffeine addict, I turned to caffeine, and overdosed three nights in a row. 


 She heard I'd overdosed and told me that she couldn't be friends anymore with someone who has as many problems as I do and it was causing her too much trouble in her own life. Since then every time the smallest thing goes wrong I just break and I miss her so much.


 I don't know what to do and I've become horrible depressed. I don't know what I'm suppose to do.