HelloIm 23 male from Poland so at strat im sorry for my sloppy English , 
I don’t know where to start.
Like six years ago i was the happiest person on earth I would say , I have a girlfriend I wasn’t fell lonely for the first time in my live , but I started act like completely moron due to fear of loosing her ,that was completely irrational adding to that I didn’t want  sexual relation I was scared of that looking from my position now , but then I’m find asexual community and have that as excuse for that , she even accept I wasn’t ready ,but I get so jealous after everything, after 2 years we broke up i was self destructive in drinking and smoke a lot of pot , I was sure that will end my sadness-never did .now I’m 4 years sober from alcohol and pot I never have any problem with stoping I love looking at world sober .She also has really difficult childhood, and disease that could kill her , she was pretty ambitious, me opposite I like write poems etc. she also have couple suicide try’s due to disease I handle it very badly . Probably then i began to be so jealous about everything. I think I’m borderline and have fear of sexual relations, I was positive that I can make it out from this situation and found someone with who I can develop so deep and intense relation . But I never find .I’m probably hide from my problems in work now I’m over 70 days in work in a row, in couple days I will have free almost all month I’m really scared of that , I love work because I can pay my debts and my parent debts that’s like my meaning of my life.
In times like that I fell very hopeless, I love life but being lonely for such a long time it’s devastating, when I’m working I’m fine even happy but when I’m alone I’m suffer.
Now I’m working couple hours less than last month and I start to think again , I never gonna find a women cause my bad behavior, I’m bad man or really sick , I never have sexual relation witch make finding someone new almost impossible.
Yesterday I have a nightmare I decide to send message to my ex , I’m pretty sure that what we experienced was love in bad and in god, we got trough really bad things, don’t want to bring them here but they will outgrow even adults .I’m not even want to get back to her , I just want to know she is alive and doing well she has social media but no single post since we broke. I message  her couple years ago when I was devastated and have to go back to home town from university cause my parents financial problems but she no respond:( she read my message this morning but still not respond and probably won’t respond ever . I’m just hopeless I never think love from high school can be so influential in all adulthood, I was first time contemplating Suicide from very long time of course I will not do anything stupid to time when I pay off all parents debts so like year or so I hope Something magic happens in mean time 
Thanks for possibility to drop it of my chest I have no one else :) and I admire if someone read this all :)did I’m really weird person ? and again sorry for  bad English 
Thanks :)