Just putting some thoughts down.Anxious even in the anonymity of the Web. But yeah I dunno really why I'm posting here. I'm pretty sure I don't have the stones to actually ever commit suicide. I'm just in a mood I guess and talking to my friends doesn't work. Anytime I actually express my thoughts or feelings honestly I just come off depressive ànd I can only do it via text.

One thing I never said to anyone is I think it would be good to commit suicide.

I've not been diagnosed with any mental health problems or anything but I would describe myself in all honesty as a bi-polar, ADDesque person. I am either full of love and energy and a social bee but then at the flip of the switch I'm a recluse. I want to spend time with people and not at the same time and want to be in the mood I'm in but feel guilty about not being my usual self. And if I am on my own my mind does not stop somersaulting from good to bad trying to cheer itself up and then realise everything is pointless and the flaws of your person. Which you know how to change but can't. 
As I said I'm undiagnosed and I think the quick change period in my case between moods sometimes isn't fitting. I think it's that I'm just a hypochondriac.

Don't get me wrong I really really really love life. It's literally everything. When I'm on my highs, the world's cotton candy covered. Even then though, even at my happiest, I have the core belief that life is pointless. I've believed it for years whether things were good or bad. I truly believe that there is no higher power, no meaning behind it all we are all just going along based on instinct. 

Ive a guilty love for the quote that goes something like; "you can't appreciate the good without the bad." Cringy but I like it. If I would stop living, I'd miss out on all the goods, but wouldn't have to deal with the bads. 

I have not been living my life as I wish to live it. But because I am surprisingly insecure and scared I have been crutching myself to procrastination and ponderment to avoid really living. 

I had a moment yesterday where I could have made that first step. But instead of doing it, I found a way to ruin it. To let my insecurity best me. I do it semi-subconscious, almost convincing myself that I'm doing the right thing but deep down just know I'm just a coward.

Wow. I didn't know how to write that and then boooooom. The flood gates opened. Yeah, so that is actually a weight off. Just getting that out coherently and not mingled in my mind feels fantastic.

To summarise this lengthy shitpost that some of you lovely people are actually going to spend your time reading. If I can't change that inability to live. I'm going going to be looping in the same cycles for life. And that doesn't sound like a life. Which is why I think suicide makes sense in my case, but as I said at my core I'm a coward and I would never have the stones to do it. 