Why Does the World Hate me?Just a quick heads up this post might be kinda lengthy so yeah, you've been warned 😆


I am honestly just so frustrated right now.  For about the past month (give or take a few weeks) I've been SUPER depressed and having thoughts of killing myself.  Why you may ask?  Because I feel like I've been let down and merely pushed away by the world.

Ever since 4th grade I've struggled with being bullied/picked on.  Now to be fair I haven't always been the most normal person, but still I feel like I HAVE always been the person people love to single out just because I'm different.

The 1 thing that I have always tryed to offer to those around me both at work and at school is kindness.  Now to be fair a lot of the adults in my life have reciprocated that motion but do you think my peers have?  F*** no!  All throughout school I really only had 5-7 true friends at one time meanwhile everyone else just pushes me aside or decides to use me because of my compassionate nature.  It truly baffles me how people just seem to hate kindness nowadays.  So what you're telling me is that you'd rather have me treat you like a ball of s*** and be rude rather than try to be nice?  Well how the F*** does that make any sense?!? 

Long story short I've just always felt like the odd one out.  Like I love that adults are usually kind but it's just not the same as being accepted by your peers if that makes sense.

Then about 1 year ago, I was diagnosed with depression.  I did go to a hospital/rehab kinda place earlier this year and while that was somewhat helpful, it really just showed me where I DON'T want to end up when I feel depressed.  So now I feel like I have to bottle all these emotions up inside me out of fear of going back to the rehab center.  I just hate having to suffer through this all alone (excluding people here on Reddit it's great knowing that I'm not the only one who feels this way).

Lastly, I've really just struggled even staying alive this week.  I have gotten to the point where I am so depressed I want to kill myself SO BAD, but the 1 thing that's stopping me is those that I'm close to, in particular one of the few close friends I have left.  She's been through a lot lately and my fear is that if I take my life, that would push her over the edge.  At the same time though, I kind of hate having to keep suffering each and every day just to keep others happy it just doesn't feel right to me.

Anyway that's all for now I just needed to vent a little.  

Thanks to anyone who's taken the time to read through this whole thing it means a lot.  :)