Just want something... different? First time posting.I am definitely in a pickle... I have always been the type to think inwardly and try to reach some 'better' or 'more truthful' answer to whatever problem is at hand. Honestly, its the idea that if one seeks the truth then they'll eventually find something satisfying. I know that I'm most likely tricking myself into a wild goose chase of my own creation but in my mind I can only see two options. One is that infinity is the answer to the way we should try to perceive reality and one is that it isn't. And, since there really is no way to first, prove I exist (in the reality that I know), and then somehow prove that there is actually some end to this chaos of a universe or vice versa, I'm really stuck.

I know that there is no point in being overly analytical and, I hesitate to say, paranoid, but given that every proof people cite to disprove phenomena like psychics, aliens, or large corporate conspiracies has an unbelievable amount of holes and exceptions, it makes it very hard for me to pick a side.

Admittedly, its much more joyful to live without this ridiculous burden of holding everything up to the microscope but I can't shake this damn feeling that, if I were to make that decision and actively ignore the things that are clearly sending me in loops, I would be condemning myself to an existence which is dishonest, shallow and by all rights more terrifying and sad than the current one, especially if I don't realize it once i've done it.

So, since my friends (and they are great friends... most of them) have probably heard way more about this than they would have ever liked, I am asking for your genuine input about how you justify your beliefs and just generally, to put it in existential terms, how you face the endless, meaningless void that could potentially be the truth about our reality (clearly this will be different for those of you with religious beliefs, and I am definitely open to hearing opinions from you as well).

How could I possibly create statistics to measure weather things are coincidence, imaginary or supernatural? People with schizophrenia are starting to make too much sense to me &gt;.&gt;

Anyway, thanks to anyone who takes the time to respond. This is a great community and I hope some of the trends here will spill over into other social bubbles.