I've wanted to help other people for a few years, and I'm starting to lose it, because I think I'm making everything worse.Hey SW, I'm pretty close to the end of my rope. Pretty much my entire life has been an uphill battle to gain personal control from people who went to great lengths to make my life a nightmare, and in 4-5 years after college I finally managed to go from being a depressed introvert to being a stilted and socially awkward introvert who was at least good at and respected at his job. Around that time, I met my now wife, who I am sorry to say I made a terrible mistake by marrying. It's not like I couldn't have seen it coming a mile away. I almost broke up with her a couple weeks after I met her, because I knew at the time that she had major responsibility issues. I just didn't know how severe they were.

Before she moved in with me, she insisted on me buying her a promise ring (a friend pointed out, isn't that what marriage is?). Shortly after, I found out she was not handling the move at all (despite saying she was), had nearly lost her job, had nearly lost the job before that, her current roommate was on the brink of kicking her out, and she had hidden all of this. If I kicked her out, she had nowhere else to go, because her brother's a sadistic bastard and that's the only family she has left (her 'rents are dead).  No matter how angry I sound, I have always had a bleeding heart (and been a mark), and I felt genuine affection for her, so I let her stay.

I won't blame her, it's my fault, but through my weak-willedness I've let some of her bad habits rub off on me. My sleep went to shit, my job went to shit, I started to get fat, I lost friends, I lost my job, I lost my self-respect. She doesn't care, and it's like she finds it attractive and rewards me the more fucked up my life gets. It's not healthy, and I'm always fighting for both of us to be better people and she's always pushing away from that. I've had a history of bipolar disorder and depression that I spent years fighting my way out of, and now I'm back in it all. 3 1/2 years after meeting her, I'm once again a depressed, jobless (we're coasting on my savings) idiot.

I've done so many things to try to help her, from buying her a new car, to emotionally supporting her through her anxiety and reminding her I love her every day. None of it will ever change the fact that she won't shower, that she has no ambitions, that she won't change her diet, that she watches television all day, that she rewards me for being a worse person, that she just doesn't care much about other people. I was stupid, and selfish to be so codependent and to think that she would change with enough support and time.

What really pushes me over the edge is that this situation makes me feel as if the people who need help, need help because they drove their lives into a ditch and if you pull them out they'll just do it again, again, again. I want to do some kind of charity work that proves the opposite, to do something good that will help validate my existence on this earth. I don't think life is meaningless, but it is and kill me now if I have no agency to bring about a little bit of good in this world.

I gave my dog to the pound a few months ago because at some point I became too fat, sluggish and depressed to walk her. I knew what I was getting into when I adopted the dog and I failed to uphold such a basic responsibility to a loving animal. The thought of doing the same thing to my wife, literally rips my heart out and yet I don't know where else its heading.

Maybe I should get a job near a non-crazy relative, so I can patch up my good habits in a new environment, and then try to send her enough money that she can survive while not living in the same house as her. That way I don't have to be a murderer (or harbinger of her homelessness, despair and eventual madness, whatever). I feel like I murdered my dog, I don't wnat to feel like I murdered a person. Sadly, she is an incredibly kind natured person in ways, she has simply demonstrated time and time again that she is totally unable to survive the adult world, to the extent that she has nobody left at all but me.

I'm very close to, and very able to, kill myself in an adult like not-cry-for-help sort of way. I'm not doing it for my brother and for her, I'm the only non antagonistic family member my brother has, and they will both be emotionally damaged if I were to end my life. If I didn't have a responsibility to them, suicide would be really great, and I wouldn't be posting here, I'd just kill myself and not chit chat on suicide watch.

tl;dr Feeling pinned between constantly suffering and having no self-respect while living with a lovable but helpless childlike person, and destroying the life of another person by leaving the situation, is a hell of a rock and a hard place.