Life has been too tough, no love, no friends, just alonewelp here goes nothing,

I was born into a broken family, my dad was an alcoholic and my mom was abusive. I would usually be told I was the cause of financial and emotional problems, as everything they did was a sacrifice made for me. My dad and mom got into a bad fight when I was 12, and I was put into foster care until they became competent. They never did. 



I bounced around foster home to foster home, went to 3 different high schools (in BC, Canada we have elementary school grade 1-7 and then high school grade 8-12).


High school was really hard on me, I didn't have the looks or the charm, I was a recluse, constantly being called to the office to hear my foster parents have been changed or for other personal issues (like booking dentist and doctor appointments had to be done through the principal). I was bullied and ridiculed daily, both girls and guys got kicks out of fucking with me. 



I had a crush on this on girl and got the balls to ask her out, we went out for 2 months. Someone found out I was dating her and they began to tease her. She changed schools because she was so upset. When I started the grade 11 I became violent, I got into 3 fights in the first 2 weeks of school, and as a result got expelled. I decided not to continue traditional brick and mortar classes and completed my high school online a semester earlier then everyone else.



Thus began another chapter in my life, no more foster homes, time for college. I dropped out after 1 semester; I couldn't afford to live on campus. I began going to a community college and just became so depressed I left after semester. 



I wasted 2 years doing nothing bouncing around working at wal-mart and other dead end jobs, always with the hope of saving enough money to go back to university. I haven't saved much. The cost of living is high, rent is high, public transportation sucks and the cost is high. I figure I'll need to work another 3 years before I could even contemplate going to university. 



I have no friends, no family, no one to talk too, no one too hug, no one cry too. What is the point of going on with life? It's not fun crying too sleep at night. I want to make the hurt stop, I want to go to sleep, to go away so I am no more. 

fucking crying while I write this, fuck I'm pathetic.    
