I just can't.I really don't want to live anymore. The only reason I haven't killed myself is because of my girlfriend. 
I'm fourteen, and a female. I'm a tad overweight, and have a bad case of the uglies.
I never had a father. He abandoned me before I was born.
When I was about nine, mum started off into a relationship with a man. The first year was great. He was super nice, everything we ever wanted. Then, mum lost her job. After that, everything just... Stopped.
We had no money. We didn't have enough food. We didn't have heat for two years, and sometimes we had no electricity. Mums boyfriend began drinking and resulted in no money what so ever. He'd be my brothers and leave welts, but he never really hit me like that. He slapped me around, but not much more. Mum and him would always fight. I came home from bullies to this. I thought it was okay.
Eventually, mum went to jail for a dui. After that, I was left, as an eleven year old, to defend my brothers, to cook, to clean, while a drunk sat in the living room, jobless, playing my little brothers xbox, so they couldn't. CYS got a word of that, and took us away. I was sent to my bigoted aunts while my brothers went to another bigoted aunt. Eventually, my youngest brother came to stay with me. My other brother didn't.
Mum got out of jail, and my aunt wouldn't give him back. He lied to keep him.
We did get him back, eventually. The drunk left, and left me at twelve.

One day an uncle offered to take me out to a car race. I accepted, not knowing what would come of it. We drove, and he put his hand on my leg, and moved it upwards.. You can geuss what came of that. He made me promise not to tell anyone. We had a set list of rules, and as long as I abided, I was serenaded with gifts.  This went on for a year. It only stopped maybe three or four months ago.

In this time, I found out that I was bisexual. Young, yes. I got a girlfriend, and we were so happy. Then, I fell into depression. I began cutting, and faded away. We sorta broke up. We didn't really, but we just stopped talking. She dated new girls and I sat alone in the dark and cried myself to sleep every night. 

I started talking to her again, and eventually her and her girlfriend broke up. I started dating her again, after seven months. We're still together. She helped me stop cutting, and I have scars to remind me of this.

I fell otu of my depression, I suppose. Now,  i don't know why, but I'm back in it. It's worse than before. I attempted to die- an overdose- and failed. Mum thought it was the flu, and I agreed. I stayed home for a week. It was actually acute poisoning.  I still can't take more than three pills at a time without almost throwing up.

I've noticed something now though. I have new symptoms. I've looked them up.
According to what I've found,  I'm developing schizophrnia. It's supposed to be in the very early stages, still. Oh well. I am. I see things, hear things.
I geuss they're just companions, in a perverted sense.

I really want to die. I really do.

I think I might.