This was the first Christmas that I actually felt there was a chance that I wouldn't be here next year. (I am seeing a councilor and will tell him this in my next meeting)I appologize for the weird awkward disclaimer, I didn't want people to freak out from reading the title alone. In addition to this, I know the post is late, I appologize for that, I procrastinated a bit with writing my thoughts down. But they have been recurring the past few nights so I thought I'd share them here.

I'm 19 and this was the first Christmas that I had a job, so having felt guilty in the past for only having gotten gifts and only being able to tack my name onto the gifts that my mom gave out, I went all out with gift buying this year. I planned a few of the gifts many months in advance and I'm already planning some for next year. If I make it to then that is, and if I don't then maybe I can leave something behind. For the most part I think I should make it to next year, but the *possibility* that I might not is starting to weigh down on my mind. It's solidifying for me as I find more reasons than ever to hate myself, and my thoughts get worse, and I practically start chanting silent death threats to myself. (Holy fuck, rereading that that sounded super fucking melodramatic, it's not exactly a lie, it's just super awkward for me to read. Once again, I'm seeing a councelor, although I don't know how comfortable I am telling him that last bit) 



I made sure to get everyone multiple gifts for Christmas this year, I spent a lot of time picking them out and even got dog treats for my roommates dogs. In addition to all of this I thought it would be too cheap and easy to buy Christmas cards so I grabbed some crafting supplies from Michael's and decided to make some. They didn't turn out half bad and only one of them really looked like a kindergartener's art project, lol XD. I spent a lot of time planning what to write and one in particular I had actually written some time over the summer and just transferred the note onto the newly made card. I made sure to tell people that I love them and wrote what I really thought about them and how much they meant to me. I didn't have any motives when writing these cards I just wanted to thank people for Christmases past and everything they've done for me so far. The best part of Christmas Day was that everyone genuinely liked they're gifts and cards and were actually excited about them, that made the rest of my day just feel great. That night however I was laying in bed and realized that:

A. I might not be here next year, and

B. What I wrote on the cards is a pretty good thing for me to leave behind if I do. It's something they can hold onto if they want and know how I really feel about them. That I love them all and appreciate them. If I do die, I want them to know that, I don't want them to think that I blame them at all. (I blame myself if anyone) and I think that these cards express that not necessarily perfectly, but adequately.

I always hear people talk about how on certain days such as their birthday they're surprised that they made it another year, or in extreme cases another month week, or day. And while it isn't the exact same feeling, it's relatively new to actually feel like I might not make it another year, so this thought and moment kind of stood out to me. I appologize, I didn't write this all down perfectly, and I don't know what I hope to achieve by posting it here. It's just some things that have been on my mind and wanted get out I guess. Thank you for listening (reading? I guess?), I hope 2016 is a positive year for you all!

TL;DR: *I AM TAlKING TO A COUNCELOR!!!* (I can't stress that enough.) And over Christmas I realized that there's an actual chance that I might not be around to see the next one, but if that's the case, I left something pretty good behind.