Can't think of a title. Just need to vent.This is my first time posting here so I'm sorry if this doesn't follow a rule, or if this isn't the right place to post this.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so fucking sorry for not realizing what I was doing. We both had our defects, but yours were minimal, easy to fix, though they needn't. Mine? They were long term projects. Still are. I'm trying to make myself a better person despite all the voices coming from deep within me, telling me to end it all. After all, it can't be that bad. I've been in love with this idea for as long as I can remember... and still... there's this one little, stupid piece of me that won't let me die. I'm too emotional and at the same time too rational. I'm capable of diving to the deepest crevices of my intermittent void. And as soon as I decide to let the water fill up my lungs, this... coward piece of me shows up and stops me right there. Doesn't bring me back to reality but rather leaves me there, feeling despair in every part of my being. Its like a platonic love for suicide. You know about this side of me. Judging by your recent behavior you don't seem to believe that at any moment I may do it. This is no threat though. I still love you and I wouldn't harm you even if my life depended on it. Which is funny because I already did... and I hate me so fucking much for it. It wasn't just our relationship that I fucked up, but apparently our friendship too. One of the very few that I actually care about. And because of that I'm mad. I'm mad at the fact that you know that the intentions behind my actions were never bad, and still pushed me aside more than what you needed to. I know I was toxic, I know I wasn't all you needed or wanted. I know it damn well. You knew it too. So why did my love for you suddenly become a reason to grow apart from me? You never cared that my love for you was much bigger than yours to me. So why? Of all the people who I could've lost... why the fuck did it have to be you!? I would've and still would do/give anything to have you back. I'm not ready for this... And now... I'm standing at a point in which I have two choices... to keep going, believing that you one day will decide to give our relationship another chance, whatever type that may be... or to put an end to the roller coaster that is life. Then maybe you'll cry once you know I'm gone.