I’ve attempted suicide. Should I tell anyone?I can’t believe this is my first Reddit post despite reading many threads (not necessarily related to suicide) for so long. But I’m tired. I’m really, really tired. I’ve had it. I tried to take my own life two days ago and I can’t stop thinking about it.

I talked to a friend of mine before actually attempting suicide. I wrote poems of my departure to the people I love most, and assigned him to send the one to my ex after he returned from his date, as I’d probably be dead by then. I told him my last straw were my awful grades at college and he basically told me it was a shitty reason to die.

Here’s a short summary of the life events that lead me to thinking suicide is the answer: I was bullied from my late childhood to my early teens. I had no friends. I’ve seen my own mother battle cancer and, though she survived, I was a terrible daughter and showed little empathy for her at the time. I’ve seen my father lose his job and succumb to depression for about a year. My then-boyfriend has never loved me or went out with me when we were dating. We carried on as best friends and fuckbuds until a month ago - he’s all in love with this new chick and he is giving her the love and the attention I never had from him, and he basically forgot me ever since. I suffered from anxiety which “evolved” to manic depression about a year ago. I self harm sometimes.  

I feel worthless and unloved. I feel lonely and angry at the same time, especially about this recent turn of events with my ex boyfriend (I gave him my all, and more his new gf could ever do) and my college grades. I feel heartbroken. I want this pain to end. I’ve been upset with my life nonstop for at least a year. So I tried to overdose with pills, and my stupid brain decided to spit everything out and I cried out of relief and frustration. 

I keep thinking about how things could have been if I actually swallowed the pills. Part of me is happy to be alive but the other half is still willing to die and planning another overdose. I am haunted by these ideas and I have a very important exam tomorrow. Sigh.

I haven’t told anyone but this friend about the incident. My parents don’t know it yet. My ex, who claims he still cares about me, doesn’t know it yet. My closest friends don’t know it yet. Should I tell anybody, though? I feel trapped with this secret but I also fear people won’t see me the same way they do now. So here I am, writing huge texts asking people for advice. I’m lost. 

I think I’ll stay in this subreddit for a while so I’d love to help anyone who’s going through this as well. We need to carry each other, right?