I really am a fuck up.I'm not acutely suicidal at this point, although I have been on and off lately (lately being the last 3 - 6 months). I've been suicidal at different points in my life for the last about 8 - 10 years. I'm in my early 20's. 

As of these past few months, I've considered a few violent methods that I won't go into (out of respect to the rules). I will say none are practical with my current living situation. Thus, one of the reasons I'm certainly still alive is my lack of means to kill myself in a manner I'd accept. I could fulfill one of those means if I really put my mind to it, I imagine.

I'll keep my life story brief:

I had a fine high school experience, but suffered with depression starting around age 14. It was pretty severe. I've also often suspected I suffer from another issue, perhaps a personality disorder (I meet the criteria of several), but I've never been diagnosed. I'm on a medium dosage of a mild antidepressant, an SSRI. I've been on it for about 5 years.

I'm a college drop out with about 95 credits behind me. I just totally fell apart my senior year. I'm marginally employed in part time work, and I also work with my father in his struggling business. I'm not much help there to be honest; it's mostly me watching him and my brother work and trying to learn. I'm gay, and I'm somewhat open about it. With my friends I am, although I really can't be with my family. It's painful and creates a lot of stress. That said, my family is an amazing blessing to me when their not being annoying as hell, and I couldn't beg, borrow, or steal a better family.

The other day I was hitting it off with a guy ("Star"). He was cute, we have lots of interests in common, we got along well, he teased me. Our personalities matched extremely well, and we had good conversations. I thought we might go on a few dates going forward, so I gave him a blow job when it felt right. Turns out, all Star wants from me is a friend, potentially a friend with benefits, while I wanted to explore the possibility of a long term relationship. But he's completely uninterested in me that way.

I respect that, that's his right. What's so painful to me is that my self-worth is completely linked to what other people think of me, and this was a devastating blow. I know that I came on a little excited and strong, and that helped drive him away. I've done this before; my longest term and happiest relationship ended due to my attachment issues, obsessiveness, and jealousy. So I'm very upset that I've caused so many problems in relationships/potential relationships that I've had.

I didn't take this guys rejection of me; I just cut up my arm a bit (superficial, skin deep cuts) and beat myself up a bit. I'm sure I'll find a few bruises in the morning. I thought about trying to injure myself more severally, but I felt I'd done enough for tonight. I finally decided to post something about it online; even if I do kill myself, posting something here wouldn't hurt. If I don't kill myself, then it might help. I don't see a way it could possibly backfire.

As long as I can remember, I've deeply hated myself. About 90-95% of the problems in my life are self-inflicted, from school to work to relationships. I've never been happy of myself or proud, honestly. I lack confidence in the abilities people claim I have, and absolutely lack the ability to maintain friendships; not because of the people who I'm friends with, but because of my own personal weakness, anxiety, insecurities, and sloth.

What's extremely frustrating about that is that people always mean far more to me than I do to them. I see people and love them and want to be close and develop a friendship, they see me as a decent person, acquaintance, or an annoyance. It's pretty brutal to be unimportant, or somewhat important to people who feel very important to me. And, as with Star, people just don't want the level of friendship/intimacy that I want. And that's their right. I am not entitled to their time, company, love, or attention. But my God, it hurts to have this happen to you a good dozen or so times.

And so we reach my current state. I hate myself, I've failed college, I'm marginally employed at best and lack the energy/drive to seek better work, and I'm living in a string of failed/unbalanced relationships and friendships. I'm so reliant on other people to make me feel happy at all, I'm just a huge drain on them. And when I'm alone, I'm a nightmare. I'm miserable, depressed, and well, I'm a fuck up.

"A fuck up". Those are, in my opinion, the best 3 words to describe me in the English language.

Every once in awhile, I give myself some arbitrary amount of time to live until I decide to end my life (at this point it's 18 months until that birthday as my long term absolute final date, with a 30 day renewal period). But I'm not stupid; when I end my life, it'll be a moment of passion. I'll be disappointed, stressed out, alone, afraid. Whatever. And that'll do it; I'll cross the line.

This was a total ramble, and I do apologize for that. I usually try to write neater, but considering the circumstances of my writing I'm cutting myself a break for once.

As for what could be done to help me; I don't know. I'm not sure what you could say. If I could help you help me, I'd be glad to, but I probably would have helped myself already. I feel like I'm a lost cause, but not everyone might see it that way. Bah, I don't know. I guess I'm wasting time before I hit send. Cold feet and all that.