Empty.I don't know who you are, you who is reading this. I don't know what you have been through, and I feel quite selfish coming on here writing about myself, when your and other peoples problems who post here probably are much worse than my own, I'm sorry for that.

But lately I have been feeling so empty, and so isolated from everything, I don't feel like doing anything, I dropped out of university and I feel like I don't have anything to hold on to, and my sense of self-worth has fallen so much. And moer and more over the past few months I have been thinking about taking my own life. Lately life has been the same as pain and I just want to end it, I can't see it ever getting better, and time is just slipping away and I right along with it. I have never been honest before about how I'm feeling, especially my thoughts pertaining to me wanting to take my own life, which I think is why it's good for me write it out here. 

I seem to just float through every day as some thing caught in a river with no banks, I can't climb up, and I have stopped trying I live in this vacuum, and I'm isolating myself from the world and my family, even my boyfriend that I live with. Last week, even if I wasnt angry with him I didint speak. Not one word. I tried, but nothing would come out. And I'll lie in bed thinking about hurting myself or taking my own life, and my heart begins to race, and I get butterflies in my stomach, as when you are ascending up on a rollercoaster before the big drop. It's such a scary thought, but it seems exciting in a strange way too. I'm kind of scared how often I resort to thinking about it these days. And it's not the same as when I was a teenager and was suicidal, this time around, it's more empty than dramatic in my head when I think about it, I don't really know how to explain it...but it feels more real this time, before I knew there was no way I would actually do it, this time it feels closer to home and at the same time less scary. I don't feel it all the time everyday, it's like I have a facade but every so many days the emptyness and hoplesness just takes over and I get this intense desire and deep thoughts of hurting myself or taking my own life, it's almost like momentary blindless where I can't see anything good in my life, or even a good future. Nothing really excites me and I feel like I have become so cynical, at least my internal monologue and thought processes have become very pessimistic about everything. I don't really know what's going on and I'm frigthnened.

I have been drinking quite a lot the past few weeks too. I had plans to get drunk tonight, but I managed not to buy any booze at the store earlier today, something I cursed myself for not doing when I came home while at the same time knowing it was for the best.

It's my birthday today. There were some people over but I just felt so lonely, and I feel bad for feeling like it was a strain on me for having them over because I love them, but I really just wanted and still just want to be alone. 

It's my birthday and I keep thinking about something I learnt at university at one point, about the gnostics and how they thought of birthdays as being a tragic day because when you were born was the day you became bound to this world in flesh and blood and all the pain that comes along with that, instead they celebrated your death-day because that's when you get released from this world. There would be a certain irony in having your deathday on your birthday.

edit: sorry for any bad english, it's not my first language...and I'm tired.