Things that only ignorant people say about suicide, even if they don’t realize itThis is just me venting about the kinda shit people say when they wanna help but it just gets me rolling my eyes. I’m gonna start with least worst (aka annoying but still forgivable) and end on fucking the worst thing you could ever possibly say.
1. “If you are dealing with thoughts of suicide, please reach out to insert number here”
This is annoying because it doesn’t feel sincere, it feels like something a YouTube influencer is obligated to put in their description when posting a video about suicide, so they won’t get bombarded with hate. It feels like you copy and pasted the first number you saw off google. It’s better to say “I don’t know how to help” than “HERE I GOOGLED THiS AND IT SAYS YoU SHOULD CALL ThIs NUmBER!!!11 I’m a heRO!!!11”
Like bitch you ain’t saying anything I haven’t already heard and you’re stupid to think I’m JUST NOW hearing about this. Chances are I’ve already called it once before, because guess what, you ain’t the only one with google.
2.“I don’t know how to help, but I’ve been there too. Here’s my life story...”
I. Did. Not. Ask. You. For. Help. So. You. Could. Try. To. Take. The. Attention. From. Me. You would think that’d be common sense! How am I gonna feel better, knowing that everybody else around me wants to die too?!? Wouldn’t that just DOUBLE my sadness?! Wtf were you thinking?!
3.”think about the loved ones who will miss you when you’re gone“
If the person you’re talking to does have people that care about them, then yes. Their loved ones will miss them and will be devastated. But guess what? For thousands of people, depression never leaves. 
For the person who’s lost a loved one to suicide, they will eventually get over their grief. So which sounds more fair? Torturing a person all their life or torturing a person for half a decade AT MOST?
4.”suicide is selfish”
Now this, THIS is where you should fucking hang your head in shame, you piece of shit. People have the right to take themselves out of this world because WE DID NOT CHOOSE TO BE BORN. We did not CHOOSE to suffer. So give us our one and only choice, please, if you see someone on a bridge about to jump, you can say “don’t do it” all you want but don’t you fucking dare try to forcefully pull them away. THAT is selfish. Keeping someone in your life just so you can play with and put them down whenever you choose, while THEY suffer all for your entitled sake? I’m not going to rip my heart and soul to shreds just so you can keep me on your friends list!!! YOUR selfish, YOU are SELFISH.