The Numbing Part of Killing YourselfI had just got done working on multiple huge projects at work and throughout those projects I had major anxiety. There is MULTIPLE reasons for it but I won't get into them now. 

After I finished I asked if I could go home early. You see, during my lunch I had mindlessly purchased a rope at the construction store. I had so much anxiety I didn't even think, and made a detour and went inside to purchase a thick rope. I got the rope and looked up how to tie a noose. It was a lot easier than I expected. I put the rope in a bag and thats when everything hit me.

I am really going through with this.. it wasn't a matter of if but when. Every step I took was chill and numb and I could hear every detail even though I didn't want to. Everything was so swift and slow as I finished the day.

So after asking to go home early, I do. I then proceeded to take the bag and walked to my vehicle. 

There it was again, I felt the chill numbness that ran through my body with every step I took. I remember hearing every wind, bird, step, pant rubbing against my other pant leg, every rock, just EVERYTHING. I got in the vehicle and my body was completely numb. I then drive to the lake. I leave the rope in the car and just walk towards the cliff.

While walking I unbuttoned my shirt and started crying. I was scared. I sat down at the edge of the cliff. I looked and stared in the distance and the sun was unbearable but I didn't care. I sat for an hour until I was ready. I stood up and I felt relief and happiness. I walked back and kept walking forward. I looked down and kept walking around. I wanted to so bad but was scared. I wanted to go to my apartment but I was scared. I was stuck in an in between. I wanted to die, I wanted to live but neither benefited me. 

I'm in pain I'm screaming please help me. I don't want authorities, I just need someone to know I am stressed I need someone to be there for me while I get through this. I feel so alone.

This isn't fair. I hate everyone that is happy. I hate you all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!