TW: Sexual Abuse, Eating Disorder - How can I carry on?I am a survivor of childhood sexual abuse. The perpetrator was somebody close to my family who I still have to see on a regular basis. It started when I was probably about 6 years old and went on for years - until I was about 13. I never told anybody out of fear they would tell me it was my fault, or that I was making it up. The first time it happened he pushed me into an empty room and made me pull down my pants while he did the same. He grinded himself up against me and made me touch him. He stuck his tongue in my mouth and put his fingers inside me. Over time things got worse and this happened on a pretty regular basis. 
It was after he stopped touching me that I developed an eating disorder. I was anorexic with bulimic tendencies. I dropped from 147 pounds all the way down to about 85. I looked like death but everybody told me how fabulous I looked, how I'd never been more beautiful in my life. Even my mom egged me on, saying she was so proud of my weight loss. 
Over the years I haven't really been able to get close to anybody, I push them all away. Any relationship I've ever had has been violent, and if it wasn't my boyfriend would cheat on me. I know men use me for the sex and I let them. I do not value myself at all. I have attempted suicide two times. The first time I took a bunch of pills and my friend made me throw them up and the second time I tried drowning myself, but my boyfriend at the time "saved" me. 
Today I am about 6 months pregnant, and of course I am pregnant with a boy. I do love my son, and I guess that's why I'm submitting this. I'm triggered just about every day and I don't know how to continue on. I will not try to kill myself, for the sake of my son. But how can I continue on with life? I'm so afraid that he will turn out like his father and verbally and physically abuse women. 
No matter what I do I feel like I do not matter and I do not have a voice. How can I continue on when I am plagued by these memories? I know I need to love myself before my son is born but it feels impossible. If nobody else can love me how can I? Obviously my life means nothing to anybody. I wish I had succeeded in killing myself when I had the chance. 