Don’t know what to doI’ve been suicidal for as long as I can remember. I just started college in another state which is great but things just aren’t what I thought they’d be. I’m trans ftm and I finally started testosterone and I have a top surgery date and I have friends and I feel like things should be getting better but I feel worse than ever. When my dog died three years ago I promised I’d never self harm again but I just broke that promise and I feel horrible for it. I promised I’d live for her but now I don’t see the meaning in that promise. I’ve already failed her so why should any of it matter anymore. I called the suicide hotline three times this week but all I do is cry for ten minutes then they say some stuff then it’s over. I can barely remember the last week because I’ve been dissociating so much. I don’t feel like it’s worth fighting for life anymore. All I do is cause problems and take money and time from my parents and the people around me. I told my friend from back home how I’ve been feeling and she told me to tell someone that’s here so I did. It felt good to tell someone but then he insisted on telling our residential advisor. I don’t think he did anything wrong I just didn’t want him to tell them because they’re a mandatory reporter and the last thing I want to happen is the police get involved or my parents find out or I have to go to a mental hospital. I begged that he wouldn’t tell anyone but at the same time I understood why he couldn’t keep it to himself and I knew it wouldn’t be fair for me to make him deal with that information on his own. The ended up calling the RA and I closed down completely. I’ve resolved that I’ll never tell someone ever again about things like this. I thought it’s help but I feel even worse now and I can’t get myself to look at or talk to anyone. Everything’s horrible and the only solution I have to all of it is to end everything now. I’ve had a note write in for a long time but I’ve never attempted before. I always knew I’d want to jump from a building because then I could feel like I’m flying and if I do it right it guaranteed to be successful. Only problem is I don’t have easy access to any tall buildings. I’m thinking I might just jump from the top of a mountain we have near here. It’d be a while before anyone found me and an animal might get to me first so maybe nobody would have to see my body. The only thing holding me back are my parents. I know they love me and the whole point of me doing this is to make other’s lives easier and I know if I do do this it would hurt them a lot and I don’t want to do that to them. Also there’s still that part of me that wants to live but his voice keeps getting alquileres ad quieter. I’m in so much pain from my head and all the thoughts running through my mind I just want it all to stop. I see no point anymore. No hope. I’ve tried therapy and medication and nothing works. I used to have going to college and started hormone treatment to look forward to but now I have that stuff and nothing’s getting better. I’m getting worse and I’m only 18. How am I supposed to survive another ten years, twenty, or thirty? It’s hopeless and pointless. What about when my parents die. They’ll be nothing to hold me back. There’s no way I die naturally. Either I die of a freak accident before I can kill myself or I kill myself first. Why wait when I can stop all the suffering now?