I just feel tired.Not sure how to do this so excuse me if I ramble.  This is the first time I have told anyone about this.

Since this is a throwaway I will give a bit of personal information.  I am the youngest of 3 brothers, my dad died when I was 14 months, I have a good life nothing to complain of, good school, friends despite having a bad clutter for several years which has just started to subside, I do some pretty awesome things every summer, get decent grades and my family is great,I am a junior in high school so there's stress but this predates junior year.  

So here is what's up.  As the title says I have been feeling just completely tired for the past 2-3 years.  Not, bad sleeping patterns tired, but tired of life.  The best way I can describe it is I slip into phases every few weeks where I am moody, easily agitated, filled with depressing thoughts, and just done with life.  Many times I get the image of blowing my own brain out and I have seriously considered it several times.  

The reason I feel I am still alive right now is two things.  The first is we don't own a gun.  Several times I have held a knife and wanted to do it but haven't, I think if we had a gun I would have just quickly pulled the trigger without thinking by now. 
Second is how my death would affect people.  This has always seemed weird to me since when I think of depression I always think of someone who feels alone and unloved.  I don't do it not because I feel loved but because I feel guilty of the pain I would cause others.  My mother as I said is a widow, never remarried and is constantly under huge stress.  I can only imagine how the rest of the family would react what my friends would go through if I died.  And I don't feel selfish enough to put them through that.  Funny thing is a few weeks back I almost did it, I was there with the knife again and the thought that made me stop was I thought that my recent ex might blame herself if I killed myself so soon after our break up and I didn't want to put her through that.  

THe final point I feel the need to address is why haven't I looked for help till literally right now.  Well for awhile I thought it was a phase I would quickly get through but that was freshman year.  Then once it got past that I started thinking, alright suck it up.  Everyone faces challenges much worse than this just keep pushing through this.  That was middle of last year.  In the past few months I have seen this as something I don't feel I can just push through and that is when I have actually started holding the knife.  At this point my natural instinct was to seek help.  But I quickly threw that away because 1) As I said I didn't want my mom to find out and stress over this and I still think that maybe the chemicals will balance out and it will go away one day.  2) I have watched a friend struggle with depression openly for the almost as long as I have felt it and for the past 2 years he hasn't changed.  3)Watching that same friend I saw how it distanced almost everyone (including myself, which is something I am not proud to say but I had to withdraw when my own issues would rise up) and how he changed, and I didn't want that.  4) I still have that hope that I can man my way through this. 

The reason I came here was the cycles of me being happy-depressed have been going by faster now (every two-three days) and my family is going through very tough times with family/friends dying and I know I can't let myself die or it will overload them.  I don't know what I expect from this, maybe a new POV or maybe just need to get it out.  But that is my story to the best ability I can tell it.