I feel like trashI just got banned off a discord server for making a suicide threat even though I wanted to commit suicide, I did this 5 times and I feel like a piece of garbage. This was in the past and I want to die, the mod never forgave me because I was “mocking mental health” and “trolling”, even though I wasn’t. What I did was wrong because. I didn’t take the help when I asked,when they gave it to me, I declined. Idk why am I still living. Like, I’ve said out loud that I want to commit suicide to myself because I can’t live in this world. I haven’t done anything on my dreams and I’ve wasted countless years and opportunities, here I am worrying about my ACT and SAT and my ps5, what’s wrong with me? Like, I have no one except online friends, I just wish I had friends, girl or boy. I just want to feel happiness, just feel love from a friend or even girlfriend. I’m incapable of love, no one wanted me, I want to honestly disappear. I wanted to apologize to the mod who banned me forever from the server Finding Yourself Again, but he hasn’t forgave me, I hope that when he sees this message that, I will make it up to him. I want to change but I just can’t find the willpower within myself to do it, I feel not entertained by working and I feel more entertained by playing. I’m lazy, ugly, skinny, a loser. I feel embarrassed whenever people at school ask me if I still have any friends. I don’t know what to do. I actually want to become a game developer, programmer, artist, and animator, but I can’t because of school and my procrastination. I want to become a artist and make manga and comics but I can’t because I’m worthless. I just want to feel love, feel cuddling, and just be with someone, but I handle that through pleasuring myself to women who’d deny me quickly to be their boyfriend. Idk what to do, please someone help me. I’m sorry. I’ve done bad things in my life such as pleasuring myself in the gym bleachers during 7th grade and cheating on a test in 8th grade. Idk what to do, I feel so dumb, I want to just end it this Christmas. Bye guys.