Advice helping someone in a very bad situationHi all, 

I'm writing this in the hope theres some people with experience to help me with a situation I'm completely out of my depth with..  

I was seeing a girl for 10 months. The thing is, the week before we met she had tried to commit suicide.. I new about this before we got together,
but I made the decision to treat her normally, like anyone else. We hit it off, though I don't know why, and were together for quite 
a while (living together for most of it). We got clicked so well and got on amazingly, but we also had crazy arguments 
and I had to deal with her suicidal thoughts a number of times. I had no prior experience with this at the time and still feel like I have no idea how to handle it. 

In the beginning I just joked around about it, and that seemed fine. I can't do that anymore as I'm too emotionally invested. 

A month ago we broke up. We've been hanging out on and off, as we have plans in a couple of weeks together, she needed a friend, and I've never been very good at letting go and accepting change.
However she was keeping how unhappy she was from me. A week ago she told me that she had tried to commit suicide again. 
Things continued like normal and we hung out bit, but yesturday, after hanging out all of Friday, I decided I wanted to spend Saturday on my own. 
When she left we had a big argument, she had a panic attack and she pretty much threatened to overdose again. I questioned this and worried, and
later that day she sent me a text saying she had fucked it up again, she couldn't even get killing herself right and was pathetic. She had tried to kill herself again right after our argument. 

She's been released home and has her parents there, but she feels completely alone and pretty much feels like I'm her only friend. 
I really don't think she has many other people to turn to, and I really want to help her but I feel my presence may be an instability in her
life. I don't know whether leaving her to it would be better than seeing her. Seeing how I can't be there for her completely how she wants. I think she wants complete stability
and someone to rely and depend on. I can't be that. 

I can be a friend but I don't think that's enough, hense when I told her to leave on Saturday she flipped. 

I am in way over my head. I don't know what to do now. I've told her not to contact me for a day or so.. as she pretty much texts me constantly normally. 

I really just want the best for her but I don't know whether me seeing her is it. I'm angry with her, I get frustrated with her a lot because I just dont understand how she is feeling. 
I'm a logical person, her feelings aren't. 

If there's anyone here with genuine experience dealing with suicidal people, do you have any advice? I can give any more details if needed. I'm just way out of my depth. 
