My Experience with Forced Hospitalization[long]

Early 2019 in NY


In college. Told someone I trusted I was feeling suicidal and was thinking about killing myself. That person told a friend. That friend told the school's counseling center. Through a game of telephone, news reach the police. The police thought I was an immediate danger to myself.


I was sleeping, woken up by loud knocking on my door telling me to come out and show them my hands. Four cops were waiting outside my room, one with a gun drawn. Two more cops downstairs at the front door blocking the stairs (this took place at a three story off-campus house).


I said nothing as they asked me questions. Denied their offer to take me to the hospital. They said they would detain me for 72 hours if I declined "help" and it would go on my record. Didn't call their bluff, so they took me away. While questioning me, they looked through my drawers and belongings (presumably looking for weapons). I couldn't use the bathroom or wash my teeth without supervision. When I walked outside, I saw 3 cop cars and 1 Public Safety car outside the house, blue lights on.


At the hospital. They made me put all my belongings into a bag, change into patient clothes. I was put into an "interview room". Nothing with sharp edges, no breakable glass, everything heavy plastic, etc. I didn't say anything unless asked. For some naive reason I thought honestly answering their questions would get me out fastest.


The person explained what they thought the situation was and asked me to confirm. A lot of their information was wrong. The facts got distorted pretty heavily as they were passed through 3-4 parties. I acknowledged I was feeling suicidal and *had* planned to kill myself but didn't go through with it and was not currently planning anything. The person went away, came back with the conclusion that I had to be hospitalized for at least 24 hours.


I found out the school had called my parents and they were on their way from 970 miles away.


I was taken into the psych ward, given a hygiene bag and assigned a roommate. Some nurse asked me the same repeat questions as the first person. It was almost the weekend and the doctor wouldn't be in until Monday, so I had to stay the weekend. Nothing to do. My roommate was schizophrenic and whispered all night in his sleep.


Parents arrive. Monday comes, the doctor asks me the same questions, prescribes Lexapro. Says I need to stay at least 5 more days to make sure I react well to the medicine, but they can make me stay as long as they feel is necessary. My parents and I fight this, explain this is hurting more than is helping. They say "they understand" but I "have" to stay at least 5 more days.


I learn the only way to get out is to lie. I have to lie at all their questions, say I'm feeling better from the medicine and am not having suicidal thoughts.


Five days pass. I see a resident, a psychiatrist, a doctor, etc. All ask me the same exact questions, all the same lies. Lots of fighting every day with the hospital to have me released.


I'm released. They say I'm lucky to have parents that care, otherwise I could have easily been forced to stay another week. I was released under the condition I would take the semester off, go back home and see a therapist. All three things are against my will, but I needed to get out. All-in-all a 6-7 day stay.


[Hospital bill arrives.](https://i.imgur.com/7ffls7K.png) $12,550. $1,258 after insurance, out of pocket.


Counter-intuitively left feeling much more suicidal than before.


A few months later and I'm still pissed at the school, the cops and the hospital. I made a promise that when I kill myself I will call the people at the hospital responsible and make them aware it's partially their fault.