I feel like it's just me against the world and I'm ready to quitI feel so alone.  My parents can't cope with the depression I've had since I was 15. 

I can't get on medication to help me. Thr loops they have me jumping through to get help is ridiculous. Went to thr emergency room twice in two years and they sent me home. Second time they called me a junkie. I have never smoked pot in my life let alone abuse pills. 

I just want a healthy happy life. But everything has been a giant sinkhole.  I got a degree. First person in my family to get a degree. And I'm working a min wage job. Csn barely afford everything. Haven't made a payment on my student loans in two years because I can't afford it. I tried to get help but they just tell me I make too much money. 

Because of this my credit is awful.  Can't marry my fiance.  Love him to death but I can't bring him down with me.  

Ill never afford to be a mother like I've always wanted. Fiance doesn't make the same as me.  Less actually. Min wage part time. His parents have spoiled him so fucking bad that he can't do anything. Can't cook doesn't know how to clean. Is only interested in aging on his stupid fucking apple devices and leaves me to do all thr house work. 

And when he tries. Which I appericate, he fucks up. And instead of saying sorry or tries to fix it he just gives up and goes back to his devices.  

I haven't had a day off in two months. He keeps promising he'll help out so I csn have a day off. But nothing. I call my parents to chat and their advice has and will always be "what you think we don't experience that? Deal with it."

I tell them I'm ready to jump. "Just be happy!" It doesn't fucking happen like that! 

All I hear about is how happy and successful my two sisters are. And I'm here just constantly thinking about how easy it would be to just jump from my balcony. It's certainly high enough. And it would be over. The pain could stop.  

That's all I want. I want the pain to stop. I want to be happy. But I'm not. I'm constantly sad. I'm constantly stressed snd I'm just a failure in every regard of my life. It would just be easier to end it than continue on. 