Seeking help for a friendSo I don't follow this sub, and I have scanned through the sidebar for talking tips. But I wanted to get a real answer from someone who may be able to help.  
  
My roommate seems to be very close to the edge and I want to help him before it's too late. A bit of context: he's in his late 40s, has been homeless for a short time, deals with alcoholism, and was married for about 20 years but has been divorced for about 5. I've only known him for about 2 years. After his divorce, he basically swore off all women as bloodsuckers, and has told me several times that as long as he has the internet, he doesn't need women. I think he doesn't want to be emotionally attached or vulnerable with another person. Well around December he got involved with a coworker. I thought she was a bit crazy, but oh well, at least he found someone he cared for. He posted on facebook all the time about how happy they are. He even told me seriously in February or so that he was considering an engagement. I questioned this, based on what he's told me about his feelings about women, marriage, etc., and he basically told me that she's different.  
  
Well about a week ago, she essentially told him that she's interested in another guy and broke off the relationship with my roommate. It was really nasty, and he's been feeling really down since then. He skipped work or left early from work every day this past week. He does have a history of depression, too. He still posts regularly on facebook, but the posts this past week have been really sad and dark, all alluding to the root of his sadness being the breakup. I took him to a soccer game today because he loves soccer and I thought it would help. He left halfway through. A later facebook post said: "Left after crying my eyes out before halftime. I won't be at work tomorrow and probably never again."  A post from earlier in the day said: "I will never love again. Finished...broken. Surrendered. All I have to look forward to is death. I'm fucking done."  
  
I want to be able to talk him through this and/or help him find the resources he needs. But I feel like the clock is ticking. I know everyone deals with breakups, and they suck. I feel like his depression is taking over, and he's down on himself for allowing himself to try to love again. I want to help him to see that life can be good, or at the very least get him through this tough time. I know time can help, but getting him out of his destructive head space he's in would be a start.  
  
Anyway, thank you for reading, and please comment or message me if you can offer advice.