I think my 17 year old is going to kill himselfI love my son, but I think he's in a bad way right now. He sits in his room all day and night, and at 17 you'd think he'd be trying.... Something.

I really don't care what he does: football, drama, art, ballet. I just want him to be happy. He just doesn't have that drive for life like a teenager should.

He recently told my wife he hated her. He screamed it to her face after they argued over his grades. He's been slipping in school. He was a straight A student now down to Ds and Fs. I held her for hours after that.

What happened to that happy little boy? What happened to my son? Why won't he let me in? I know I can help him.

God, my poor boy. He has been bullied too for the way he dresses and acts. He's in his "dark and brooding" phase, but I hate that he takes it so seriously. I mean, I was into heavy metal and scared the crap out of my parents as well, but I never felt suicidal.

I knew he was in trouble after the first bad self harm incident. He had apparently been cutting himself over the course of the past year and I caught him in the act recently.

The fight, my God the fight.

I brought him to a psychiatrist and the school therapist, but that only made him shut me out more. He just doesn't want help. I wish to God, how I wish, that I could've known what caused all this.

According to the psychiatrist he has no reason to be as troubled as he is. They have found no root event in his childhood, they have found no chemical imbalance, they've found... Nothing.

The darkness in his eyes now. God, the darkness. I made eye contact for the first time in months it felt, and it was like looking into the eyes of a shark.

He is cold. Cold to us, cold to his friends, cold to everyone.

I asked his friends about him and they feel the same as we do. The are worried. He has alienated himself and lashed out countlessly at his fellow peers. He has gotten beaten up by strangers and friends alike. I now wish we would have taken him out of school.

He hates everyone and everything. He doesn't even do the normal actions of someone depressed. He eats his meals, he doesn't listen to depressing music(he's into heavy metal I think). He's not the way he used to be. He started to get this way around mid-freshman year, and it's been escalading ever since. He's a junior now, and I have no clue where to go for help. I just want the old him back..

