It's gotten even worse.I posted here yesterday, but I feel like I didn't explain things very well at all. So, I'm starting back at the beginning. This will just be me rambling about a lot of different shit.


I'm a younger teenager. I've only told one person irl that I want to fucking die. Someone a few years older than me. I didn't even explain it well to him at all. He told me a bunch of shit that basically meant "please don't." And for about a week, I thought it fucking worked, and I was cured. That was SO FUCKING STUPID of me.

Before, my thoughts were everywhere and like I was going insane. Now, it's this weird sad calm of knowing that I'm eventually going to kill myself. And it's freaking me out. I hardly even bother doing anything productive because I know what I will do. 

Somehow through all of this, I've put up some kind of act or mask or something that has made everyone think I'm mostly fine, just tired. I will probably pretend that I'm fine until the day I kill myself. 

I will either steal a gun or hang myself. Or maybe I'll start researching ways to die with chemicals or some bs like that.

I haven't even told my fucking THERAPIST about this.  I don't think he'll ever find out. No one will find out.

I think that the sooner I do it, the better everyone else I know will be. I might as well be a fucking brick that my mom is buying stuff for. She might as well be throwing her money down the fucking drain.

I hate everything about me. I can't do anything. I am a  lazy POS. If I don't kill myself, I will just stay sad all the time, and not get a remotely good job, and die alone.

And the worst part is, a part of me doesn't want to die. Most of me does, but that  little part of me won't shut the fuck up.

But if I could just snap my fingers and die, I wouldn't be writing this. What the fucking hell is wrong with me.

Reading back through what I'm writing, I seem like a selfish self centered egotistical douchebag. I wish I had a gun next to me.

I'm borderline addicted to my phone. It's disgusting. I want to break it, but I feel like if I did something awful that I couldn't even imagine would happen. I have no idea why.

I can't even keep up with friends. I only have 2 friends and one of them doesn't seem like the kind of person that would want to talk about it at all. The other one is the one I mentioned in the beginning. 

Was it selfish of me to tell him that I wanted to die? He didn't have to be a part of my fucked up brain at all but I roped him into it. It would be even worse of me to tell him that it's worse. I don't like complaining to people, but especially not twice about the same thing, to the same person. That sounds pretty stupid considering I'm complaining to everyone reading this, but yeah.

Someone help me. Please.