Every aspect of my life is terrible, and always has been.I’m 21, I’ve been on my own since I was 16 due to having abusive, drunk, drug-addicted parents. My father is a lost cause and I’ve tried to mend my relationship with my mother. She just doesn’t love me idk, she doesn’t want to try. None of my family helps me financially or even speaks to me because of the damage my parents have done. I was living with a friend senior year of high school and they had to move and couldn’t afford to continue accommodating me. I ended up sleeping in someone else’s car and having to drop out of high school and get a job. I’ve thought about killing myself so many times due to financial struggles and just wondering “why me?” Why wasn’t I born with a normal family? Why do I have countless mental issues and PTSD from childhood abuse that keeps me from having a normal social life or normal life in general? I keep hearing that it gets better, and yes there are little hills that I’ve climbed but my progress is nowhere near others my age or where I want to be. Every single aspect of my life is messed up. I live in an awful apartment that hasn’t had heat or A/C the entire time I’ve lived here, amongst many other issues. It’s just terrible. Someone t-boned my car and my insurance doesn’t cover it. My dog has a hurt leg and has been limping for almost a month and I can’t afford to take her to the vet for likely another month. My relationship is nearly dead. My friendships are hard to maintain with my deteriorating mental health. The few good things that have happened this year are that I got a job at a law firm which is perfect for me since I want to start pre-law this year. I am very close to finishing my high school diploma but there have been countless setbacks. Despite those few good things, it still seems like a normal life is so far. My entire childhood I just had these big dreams of how I was going to escape my terrible life and leave all of it behind, but I can’t because it’s always in my head. I feel like I will never be able to lead a comfortable life or meet my goals so what’s the point in all this? I can barely even afford to eat most of the time and I have a full time job. Why is money everything? I just want to go to therapy before it all gets to be too much and I just give up and end it.