No Hope LeftI feel like I should preface this with some issues to keep in mind:

1. I suffer from Severe depression. My therapist knows this.
2. I have Chronic Fatigue - a horrible combination to have with depression.
3. I have terrible body dismorphia.

For years now, I have struggled with Suicidal Ideation. Never enough gall to actually do it, but a constant, pervasive, nihilistic idealism towards the thought of ending it all. An end to the turbulent monotony and pain that exists within my mind. The end to the uselessly grand joke that is my life. Ever since I was a child, I have struggled. Growing up, I had 3 separate 'friends' at the time try and kill me on 3 separate occasions. (All 3 by choking, which might explain why I don't like tight collars/ties/necklaces to this day) I feel like these incidents might be the start of my lack of self worth, but I can't be certain.

I have always had trouble with my weight. I have felt so fat and unlovable for as long as I can remember. At my peak in 2015, I weighed a mind numbing 295 pounds. (Granted, I am a 6'4 male). I have had times where I literally stopped eating to the point I could not get out of bed. I currently weigh 215 and I still feel obsessively fat. I frequently tell myself to go back to starving myself because I am so unhappy with my weight. I've tried going to the gym and my body just refuses to do anything. I went 3-4 times a week for months and saw no change. 

My body has fought me at every turn. I have such a severe case of Keratosis Pilaris, Chicken skin, all over my body. I downright refuse to wear anything short sleeve or shorts because every part of my body above my knees and elbows is a mess. (on top of being fat) My scalp has decided it no longer wants hair so I am going bald at the tender young age of 24... The level of unattractive I feel is immense.

I have been single for my entire life. I, at this point, feel unloveable. I try and remain kind to everyone but at this point, I have no hopes for me. 

I Identify as a gay man. This did not go over well with my parents. My mother, the closest person in the world to me, attempted suicide the first time I came out to her. She could not "live with her son being gay". My father guilt tripped me. A year or so later, I 'came out' again. My mom took the car and disappeared for several hours. My dad kept telling me not to think about love and to let love find me. I came out a third time some time later and I just get "You'll find the right woman". AT this point, they are kind of accepting? But I still get passive aggressive comments from them along the lines of "Meet any ladies lately?" It does not help that I still live at home.

On top of this, I feel inadequate as a male. Yes, that way.

At this point in my life, I feel as though I don't really have any friends. I know I do, and they are great people, but my mind constantly tells me that everyone hates me. I constantly find myself telling me that I only annoy everybody, that people only 'put up' with me. That my friends just feel bad for me.

I don't feel like I have any talent worthwhile. I have no discernible creative talent whatsoever, and I have no physical skills with which to feel good about myself with. I have a somewhat Idetic memory, but that's about it.

&amp;#x200B;

I am finding that I enjoy things less and less, and that I have no willpower or drive to even do anything anymore. My mind consistently tells me how worthless and stupid that I am. That I will never amount to anything, and that everyone would be better off if I was dead. And I believe it.

&amp;#x200B;

I am not officially diagnosed, but my mom has fibromialgia and I am now exhibiting early signs of that, which, combined with my chronic fatigue and depression, makes my entire body constantly hurt all the time. Meaning, my existence truly is pain...

&amp;#x200B;

I have attempted suicide before. I experimented with an overdose of medication. I am looking to definitely try again and I am beginning to no longer feel safe on my own. I am at my wits end and looking for literally any reason to get up another day...