Here's my life storyI was born in a lower class family in Portland, Oregon, youngest of six kids (all half siblings). My parents were drug addicts. Closest sibling to me in age is my only sister, six years older than me. Only sibling I had still living with my parents (and not their other parent) was one of my brothers (14 years older than me). My dad used to beat him and the police would be called often by the neighbors to check on things. He left when he was 17 to live with my oldest brother, which left me alone in a crack den with my parents.

They lost their jobs, trashed the house, stopped paying the mortgage, and within a few months of my brother leaving we were homeless. We got in a van with two of my cousins and went south to East Oakland. We mostly stayed in projects where drugs were readily available and where I witnessed things I shouldn't have at that age.

One day when I was five, my parents had this old guy in his 60s (coulda been younger and drugs could've aged his face) watch me while they walked to the store (we were staying at this guy's house). The moment the doors closed and my parents were gone, the guy hurried me upstairs and immediately raped me. It was over in mere minutes and I had expected my parents to show up any minute. He picked me up again, walked to me to the window and held me out it. I screamed and he whispered in my ear "You ever tell anyone about this and I won't hesitate to fucking kill you." I could see my parents in the distance. They screamed and ran towards the house. My dad beat the guy unconscious, but I never told him (or anyone) what he did to me.

Fast forward to when I was six (I wasn't in school yet). We were staying in a motel in San Francisco then (I don't know how we were affording it). One of my cousins had disappeared over the past few days and we didn't know where he was off to. Then randomly the door was thrashed down and a swat team came in. Apparently, while my cousin had disappeared, he'd failed an armed pharmacy robbery and told the police that my dad had been involved in planning it.

My dad was arrested, I was sent to a foster care, and my cousin is now on parol. Foster care was the worst experience of my life but I was only there for a month. The foster parents were neglectful and I was physically bullied by the older kids there. Shout out to Josh who always stood up for me even though it made everyone like him less, I don't think I'll ever meet someone that kind again.

My dad managed to prove he wasn't a part of the robbery. He got me out of the foster care and drove me up to my oldest brother's house (he lived directly across the water from Seattle). Told me he'd be back in three days to pick me up. He never came back.

My brother adopted me and enrolled me in the school his wife taught at. They had a family of their own and I was never treated the same as their children. My future friends referred to them as "the Dursleys." I was a few years older than their oldest kid so I attribute their shitty parenting to not knowing how to raise a kid my age at that point yet, because they were much kinder to their kids when they reached my age. They were also quite religious.

When I arrived in Washington, I hadn't brushed my teeth in years and my diet consisted of a bag of skittles and a coke a day so I had a cavity on every tooth and half of them had to be pulled. Thankfully, as I hadn't had secondary teeth for as long as my primary teeth, the most I needed for them was fillings.

I didn't know my ABCs or how to count past 12 at that point, so when I came to school for the first time I instantly became infamous for being stupid. At recess every day kids would beat me and I'd come home every day covered in bruises. They treated me so much worse than uneducated kids in the hood ever did. I told my sister-in-law about it and, despite working there and being the teacher of some of those kids, they never faced any punishment. And it irked me so much that she was the most liked teacher in the school, because every day I had to see a different side of her that her students didn't see.

I didn't learn anything that year and had to be held back (my birthday was in the summer so nobody in the future knew that I was held back thankfully). I repeated first grade and within a few months I was learning beyond what was expected. In December I was learning multiplication and by the year's end I was at a fourth grade reading level. My teachers told my sister-in-law everything. This lead to some good things, such as her knowing I was top of my class in every subject; but this also led to me being punished at home for the littlest things I'd do at school. They also told her how often I was drawing in class (which was a huge passion of my mine), and I was punished for it which greatly discouraged me and I quit. I was writing poems but gave up on that as well.

I didn't really make any great friends during my time at that school, merely acquaintances; but I also didn't have to endure any more bullying.

Something that should be mentioned is that around this time one of my brothers died of an overdose. It caused me to feel very depressed for a short while.

In third grade when I was nine, after my brother had another kid, we moved into a larger house, but we were still in a very poor area. I instantly became friends with the kids on the street, and it was here that I experienced the best years of my life. Every day here felt like an adventure, and my friends and I weren't exactly popular but we were the school's most infamous troublemakers (and my sister-in-law didn't know about any of it, thank God). Every day after school we went to the street's cult-a-sack (I have no idea how you spell it) and just hung out. We usually played baseball or hung out at a friend's house playing Minecraft and GTA IV all day. We had plenty of "adventures" that aren't really worth getting into in this post, but I could probably talk about them for hours.

Summers were incredible. We'd walk down to the beach and swim most days, other days we'd find shit to get into, and other days we'd sit there playing games and eating shitloads of candy at our "cool" friend's house. His mom was a drug addict and didn't give a shit what we did; we were free to walk in and out of their house whenever we felt like it. We practically lived there, and I stayed the night as often as I could because his mom was much nicer to me than my brother. Any time I spent too long around my sister-in-law, I was bound to get grounded.

In seventh grade my brother told me he was sending me to a different school that was on an island because he didn't like the influence poor kids were having on me.

Every day I woke up at 4, got on a bus and got on the ferry (with about 40 other kids) to go to "the best public school in the northwest."

I had football practice every day which screwed things up for me because I had to wait 50 minutes to catch the bus and then another hour at the ferry terminal (the schedules were not synchronized very intuitively). Every night I got home at 8:30 and finished my homework and went to bed at 10:30. I had no free time whatsoever, and I had to try my absolute best to maintain straight A's.

After the first semester, they put me in an eighth grade class because they thought I could handle it. It was shit. I instantly became the butt of everybody's jokes in that class and they constantly belittled and antagonized me. Couple this with my growing depression at the cause of having no free time, and my grades began to slip steadily from straight A's to... straight F's.

Weekends at home were terrible because I was forced to be around my brother and his wife because of how much homework I had. I constantly got in fights with them; they'd accuse me of things I didn't do and it'd often end violently; one instance in particular ended with my brother making a hole in the wall with my head that they blamed on me.

They told me that my parents were clean now and lived in Portland again, and said that I'd be moving back in a month. They had me visit them once before I moved in so I could ease into things. I told my sister-in-law about how they visited what was very obviously their dealer while I was there but she dismissed it.

Knowing that my life was about to go to shit in two weeks, I decided I was giving up on trying. One day while playing basketball in the eighth grade class (it was a special occasion), I fouled a kid and he got pissed off and punched me. My response wasn't an immediate reaction. I stood there for maybe fifteen seconds and thought about what I'd do next. I punched him as hard as I possibly could in the face. He collapsed on the ground and began sobbing uncontrollably. The whole class promised him they were on his side and that they wouldn't tell anyone that he swung first. When I walked past the health room an hour later he was still sobbing uncontrollably. My version of events wasn't believed due to ten other witnesses denying it and I was expelled immediately.

I got home and unexpectedly my bags were already packed. My sister-in-law walked up to me, gave me an insincere hug, and said "Your actions have consequences. You're going to Portland two weeks early." I asked if I could say goodbye to my nieces and nephews and friends and she said "no." I began crying like I hadn't since I was five years old as they forced me into the car.

I got to my parents' section 8 apartment in downtown Portland two hours later. They'd forgotten to pack me underwear and my parents couldn't afford any so I had a shitty first week.

After week of me being there my dad attempted suicide. I walked in the bathroom and he was laying in the bathtub choking on his own puke and I had to drag his naked body out of the bathtub. I emailed my sister-in-law that evening asking if I could please come back and she said I'd just have to figure out how to make it work.

The next week I started school. During the first few days I thought things were going great. That ended when after talking to some pretty girl next to me her asshole "boyfriend" decided to spread a rumor that I was gay, and everybody believed it.

I wound up being bullied relentlessly. Any time I had to be around people at this school was tormenting. I didn't eat and instead I'd sit in the bathroom at lunch, which lead to me becoming anorexic for a short while.

I didn't have anything to look forward to at the end of each day either. When I came home my parents were wasted and there was usually several other wasted people home as well. Surprisingly, I got to know a lot of these people very well and I liked most of them a lot actually (they all just seemed like kind people who'd had lives as shitty as mine). Sadly, several of them have died which hurts me every time.

In ninth grade I decided I was going to an alternative school instead. At this point I had no excuse for continuing to get straight F's but that's what I did. Despite going to a school that was very supportive for everybody, my depression got the better of me and my attendance hit about 60%.

This was such a forgettable year that I only remember one day from it. We were partnered up in English to read over each other's essays about the person who's had the biggest influence on you. I was partnered with the "popular pretty girl" and miraculously, we both were writing our essays about SpongeBob. That two hour class felt like the best two hours of my life and I can't ever remember enjoying talking to someone that much. Anyways, her and I didn't talk again that year.

Last year however (tenth grade) we did. On the first day, for whatever reason, she chose to sit next to me. She had these Legos in her hand she was fidgeting around with. I'd developed horrid social anxiety and I shook badly when most people talked to me, but for whatever reason I was calm when she talked to me. For the first time in my life I felt I could be myself. It turned out we both loved music and we spent the whole day in each class discussing our favorite albums. She gave me her number and at the end of the day as I was walking out the door she ran to me and said "Here! You can have these," and she handed me the Legos, which I still have today.

I was in a state of euphoria for the next few months. I was going to school every day and somehow I was getting A's again. I now had someone I could spend hours talking to who shared all the same interests as me. We'd sit under a tree and talk after school for an hour each day. In class she'd laugh at all of my shitty jokes, rest her feet on mine and look at me like I'd never seen anyone look at anyone.

She came from a very different background than me. She lived just a few blocks away from downtown in a three story house that was as wide as it was tall. God knows how much that thing's worth, but it has to be in the millions. Despite having completely different life experiences, I felt like I'd never had more in common with someone.

One day that December she sent me a text telling me to follow her other Instagram account. I clicked the link and it was a private account with zero followers and three posts and an over-the-top sarcastic sexual name. I followed it, having no idea what it was. And it was nudes.

I had no idea how to respond. I'd never been this close to a girl before. I got scared and said nothing, and an hour later I was blocked from the private account. I took this to mean she now hated me, so I immediately began texting her something along the lines of "You're my only friend in this state and I don't want to lose that." I now realize this sounds like I was friend-zoning her, when in fact I felt like I was completely in love. She just texted back "It's okay."

The next day at school, she did not sit next to me and I was alone again. Prior to meeting her, it felt like I was disconnected from everybody else, but now that I'd felt a connection to someone it was something I wanted to feel again so badly.

I no longer saw a reason to come to school. I developed insomnia and a terrible sleeping pattern. I'd wake up at a completely different time every day and just spend the time I was awake at school (which sometimes amounted in a week without showing up due to being completely nocturnal). My grades went straight back to F's. Every day became a blur.

Every day I'd tell myself I was over this girl but I'd see her at school and instantly be reminded of how much I liked her. Every time I saw her I almost wanted to cry. Throughout the year I kept trying to "win her back" by forcing intimacy by telling her things about my past I'd never told anyone (never told her about being raped though). This just made her think I was weird.

On the first day of summer I noticed she'd blocked me on all forms of social media and I no longer had a way to talk to her. I at least wanted some closure at that point but it was clear I wasn't going to get it.

Every night that summer I walked to the only tall building in the suburbs. It was quieter out there so I could listen to music and ponder my feelings peacefully. When I got to the building, I'd walk up the stairs of its companion parking garage building and tell myself I was gonna jump. Each night I'd convinced myself I'd do it and I (obviously) never did.

In the middle of summer I went to see my friends in Washington. I told them about my shitty situation at home and they immediately began thinking up ways to help me out of it and were determined to help, as they'd all experienced similar things at some point. I can't really express what it meant to me, and despite never feeling my family loved me, I feel that these friends are more than enough.

Anyways, on the first day of school, I looked across the room and saw the girl talking to another guy and looking at him the same way she once looked at me, and it sounds pathetic but I felt like I was about to cry. Later on that day we were put into groups of three in a different class and I was partnered with the girl and some other dude. While we were doing our group project she ignored me but whispered extremely loudly to the other guy about her masturbatory experiences and comparing what it was like with and without a vibrator, which seemed like an attempt to make me... jealous? I don't know. It was weird as hell.

When I got home that day I saw a text that said "Hi" and it was from her. I immediately swiped right and wanted to answer immediately. Up to that point, I'd thought that a text from her would've made my day, my week, maybe even my year. But I stopped halfway through typing in my passcode and asked myself "Do I even like her anymore?" And the answer was no, and it made me painfully regret all the time I spent agonizing over her. So I didn't respond.

About two weeks ago I came into school and the principal told me I couldn't come back due to my increasingly poor attendance. I'm 17 now and after being told my whole childhood I'd go to Harvard, I'm now a high school dropout.