Merry Christmas, I need helpI'm 48 years old, married with two kids and so full of regret and sadness that I've concluded that it may be best for everyone if I just killed myself.

My wife and I have had a rocky marriage for the past 19 years.  I've never stood up to her and she basically runs my life.  Fwiw, I am terrible at decision making and combined with her, we're possibly worse together.

Long story short, she was hating her teaching job and we decided to relocate over the summer.  Sold our house, which was an extremely stressful 3 months.  We finally moved and set the kids up in a new school where she'd be teaching.  That ended up being a disaster with my daughter bearing the brunt of it.  I won't go into details but we were close to calling lawyers and making police reports.

So we returned to our prior hometown, mid-school year.  My wife is now hoping to get a job at her old school (the job she had escaped when we left).  My kids are better but we also decided to buy a new house.  Or rather she did.  I hate the new house and I feel that we overpaid for it.  

Also, I am terrified that the economy is going to collapse in 2019 now that Trump's become more unchained and unhinged.  And I'm of course afraid that I'm going to lose my job.  To top all of that, I took on a new position at work which is super stressful.  Along the way, I had planned to move to a different team then at the last moment, requested a switch to my current team, thereby burning a few bridges.  I feel that I've made a bit of a scene at work and now look like a flaky and unreliable asshole.  There are more details, trust me, I have not been strong, mature or professional when speaking to various people.  I have had a good reputation at my company and I feel like I've stained it quite a bit.

On top of that, I work 20+ hours per week on various side gigs and am generally burnt out, tired and depressed.  My wife is not currently working, which is nice because she does need a break but I'm in a lose-lose situation.  Either I'm not spending enough time with the kids or I'm not making enough money.  If I had my way, I'd lock myself in a room and work 18 hours a day.  Or I'd slow down on the extra work for a while.  I'm also afraid that a major economic downturn will make it hard to earn money freelancing.

I really wanted to move back and rent a house for the next year or so, to see how the economy shakes out but now we're in a new mortgage (literally down the street from our old house) and I'm scared we'll lose the new house.

When I drive past my old house, I'm so filled with sadness and resentment.  We've thrown away thousands of dollars between staging it for sale, moving cross country twice and the future work my wife wants to do on the new place - she wants to spend ~30k "fixing" it up.  The new house was already 40-50k above what I'd consider our max.

Also, while my daughter is happier, she's preparing for the SATs after doing poorly on the PPSAT and now my wife is freaking out about that.  I also want my daughter to be able to go to a good school fwiw.

I could get divorced but then my kids would live in a shitty house and give up a lot.  Or I could kill myself and my wife would collect life insurance and not be set for life, but for at least the next 5-10 years.  There's no love left in our crazy marriage.

Currently she's pushing for us to get a dog and we've been through a tumultuous year and blaming me for not being fun and keeping it light.

I am terrified of the future and see suicide as a quick way out.  Of course, the one outstanding concern I have is that my death will have a huge impact on my kids.  I have spent the past few weeks mulling over various painful and not-so-painful ways to kill myself.

For many reasons that would fill up a bunch more posts, I feel like a failure.  I'm not a good person.  I'm not the worst person but I am a piece of shit, a coward, a quitter and a failure.

I've been down this path many times before but this time feels different. . . I haven't spent this much time + energy planning it out in my head.  I'm currently contemplating buying and overdosing on heroin as it seems the most peaceful - you just pass out and never wake up.  I've never done heroin before, so it shouldn't be too hard to achieve (I've researched it a bit).

I don't know what to do.  I need help.  I'm scared to keep living.  I am literally the biggest coward I've ever known.