Nearing my limitI've been depressed for 4 years now. All started when my best friend moved away before 7th grade started- he was the only real friend I've ever had. I got bullied a lot in elementary school, no one spoke to me in middle school- but he was always there for me, always able to make me laugh. We still keep in touch, but it's definitely not the same as it was back then. I was completely alone all throughout 8th and 9th grade, now I truly know what it means to have no friends. I literally did not have a single friend- I spoke to no one. I managed to finally find a friend who seemed like a very nice person at the start of this school year, (I'll call him Jon) but he left the school in the 2nd quarter and we don't talk much anymore. Now, this year, I met the two people that have fucked up my emotions more than anyone ever has. It started off that I became friends with (for anonymity's sake, I'll call them Joe and Anne, even though this is a throwaway account) Joe, through helping him out with a computer issue he had. We then started playing video games, and he invited Anne to join us (she's also a gamer). Now I had a bit of a crush on Anne towards the end of last year and still did this year, but that doesn't come into play until later. So those two, me, and Jon (he was still attending the school at this time) would play games every day after school, and things were pretty good. I finally had some friends after going so long without anyone, my depression was finally feeling like it would fade away. Around a month later, Jon stops talking to or having any contact with Joe and Anne. This confused them both, so I went ahead and asked Jon what was up with that. He told me that he thought Joe was a bad influence, and that he didn't want to have anything to do with him or Anne as she was his best friend. I really, really wish I listened to him. Maybe then, I wouldn't feel quite as terrible as I do now typing this. Over time, I began to understand what he meant. After every conversation with Joe, no matter how trivial, I always felt a little worse than before I began talking with him. I failed to mention this before, but Joe also liked Anne. And this is the start of how I grew to dislike Joe more and more, not out of jealousy, but because he failed to tell me from the start that Anne liked him as well. They were both planning on dating Junior year so that they wouldn't need to worry about having parents drive them places, as they'd have their licenses by then. As I grew closer to Joe and Anne, my feelings for Anne grew as well- so upon hearing this I suppose you could say I was a little disappointed... But, as I am and always will be loyal to those I call friends, I was not jealous of him but instead happy for him. I did all I could to try and resolve the little fights that they'd get into from time to time, and it worked most of the time. Joe would come to me for advice, and I'd do my best to provide it, and most of the time my advice worked. But, around Christmas time this year, Anne did the exact same thing that Jon (Jon had left the school by then) did, but on a much more extreme level. She full on avoided him, never saying a word to him, not even making eye contact. This confused him as much as it confused me, but he told me that she started to become more distant with him as she got back in contact with her friends from (do not want to disclose personal info, even with fake names- will use filler state) Wisconsin. She apparently had an ex boyfriend there that she claimed she no longer had feelings for anymore, but she started to text him and call him much more often recently. I told him to give her some space, and that he shouldn't have anything to worry about because she didn't seem like the type to hold on to a long distance relationship. She wound up never speaking to him again. Joe, also began to speak to me less and less, and again, I was hit with the familiar loneliness that was lingering waiting for its chance to come back into my mind. Around a 3 weeks later, Anne started talking to me more. We began to talk more and more, I was happy that I finally had someone to talk to and my depression was easing its foot off of my neck. The more I talked to her, the more I liked her. Eventually, I started thinking "Hey. She's single, I like her, I get the feeling that she likes me, why not ask her out?" And so I did. She was the first person I've ever asked out. She responded saying that she wasn't going to date anymore until she turned 16 the following month, but she also said "But, don't take this as a no, if you are still interested try asking again next month."...... if only she just said no. Why didn't she just fucking say no... So, I decided that I would take her advice. We still talked just as much if not more after that, but this time around she was quite a bit more flirty with me. Of course, this didn't bother me. I could deal with occasional hugs from a girl I had a crush on, who wouldn't? Soon enough however, she started to talk with her friends from Wisconsin more often, but she introduced them to me (albeit, it was only over a voice chat software) and they actually seemed like really cool people. I didn't get to talk to her ex though. Around a week later, she found out that one of her closer friend's boyfriend was being abusive. He would hit her, and threaten to kill himself if she broke up with him. He even put a gun to his head at one point. Hearing about this pissed me off to the core. I legit wanted to go down there and beat him to death. Abuse is one thing that truly infuriates me. A week later though, Sara's (filler name for Wisconsin friend) father managed to get a restraining order on the sicko after learning about what was happening, but understandably she was still an emotional mess. So Anne decided that she would go to Wisconsin over the first weekend of Spring Break to help Sara cope with it and "give support". Yea, right. So she kept going on and on about how it wasn't supposed to be a fun trip, and that she was just going in order to help her friend, and I believed her. Honestly, it didn't bother me at all- the visiting thing, of coarse the situation itself made me sick. But as the weeks went by, she spoke to me less and less- I had no idea why. But once spring break came, the first night that she got there, and just one week before her birthday, she posted a video on her snapchat story of her and her ex making out and smoking. This. This made me mad, very mad. Jealous? No. Mad. Mad because she lied to me, and mad because I thought that I could trust her. Mad because she never told me no. I went on that whole time, thinking that her and I could eventually be more than friends, but now just seeing her makes me angry. Adding that to the depression I already have to deal with, and the extremely low self esteem that I already have- seeing that made me feel worthless. This is just some of the shit I've had to deal with this year, and I'm not even getting to the things I need to deal with at home. I would type more but as the title says, I'm nearing my limit. I just wish that my friends would stop leaving me, and I wish that I could have been the person that Anne wanted to be with. I don't know where I went wrong. At this point, I just feel lost and confused and I have no one to talk to or to vent to. All of this is like a megaton of weight being pressed on me at all sides, with constant headaches as icing on the cake. I'm sorry for writing so much, but I just felt like I had to get this off of my chest. If things don't get better soon, I honestly do think I will kill myself. There is nothing in this life that I would go through this pain again for in order to get, and just when I thought things couldn't get worse- just when my only friend left me- the only friend I had that never once betrayed me, and managed to keep me in a good mood at all times, the brother I never had. Things got worse. And so far, my life has not been a rollercoaster of ups and downs. It's been a constant decline down the side of a mountain, with tiny bumps that can be viewed as times I think things will be getting better only to begin falling once again. Well I've fallen for the last time. In all honesty, I don't want to die. But I can't see the worth in going through a life that will not impact anyone, just to lose everything I never had. Thank you for reading this if you did, I suppose I can do my best to hold off any suicidal tendencies I may have but I don't intend to make any promises that I can't keep. I'm sorry. 