not sure if I belong on this subreddit I'm not actively suicidal, but I think about suicide all the time. To be honest, I sometimes think the only reason I haven't killed myself is the same reason I'm feeling suicidal to begin with - I'm extremely risk averse and this personality trait has kept me away from opportunities in life. I'm terrified of the unknown and death is pretty much the ultimate in that. I feel as if I wasn't a pussy I would just go through with it but instead I persist in my misery. As much as I try to hold out hope that things will improve, it's getting more and more difficult as I get older, I'm starting to feel that I have more than enough evidence in accumulated time and experience that I simply don't belong here. At a certain point I'm going to be at that age where I've missed out on too much and will have too difficult a time getting to where I need to be. I would love to change that but I don't have any confidence in my abilities to make that happen. So instead I just imagine myself slowly isolating from the world and eventually taking a pre-mature exit. A part of me even looks forward to it, but in the meantime I'm lonely and miserable and a burden for the people I do have to deal with (even though they won't admit it to me, I know the reality, I'm not stupid). 

So it all has me wondering if I'm correct to be posting here because I'm not "technically" in suicide crisis mode, but rather feel as if my whole life is a slow, long drawn out suicide crisis. Of course the day-to-day problems and concerns cause me to have many "mini-crises" along the way, which seem to be getting more frequent with time. My ability to go to sleep has gone to shit, I simply cannot relax because I'm in a constant state of fear and panic. Too many things in my life are a mess and I don't feel I have the time/energy/ability to fix them. I normally would not bother suicidewatch as I still think I'm far from actually killing myself but last week has been especially bad and am coming off last night which was one of the worst. Naturally I am sleep deprived right now (as I often am) and feeling shitty and desperate enough to bother people here with my problems - which compared to what other people face I know are probably not too severe. Nonetheless, they effect me in a significant way and I simply do not know how to deal with them. I guess I just don't have much tolerance for adversity and thus am generally incompetent at life (in which case I probably should get myself off this lousy rock...). 