I just don't want to be me anymoreI drank a bottle of muscle relaxers and some prescription pain meds. I didn't die, I just slept for a day and a half. I also stabbed myself, doc says I might end up with gangrene and loose my leg. But that's where he's wrong, I won't get help, ill let the infection take me. 

I feel so fucking alone. I loved a guy. He didn't love me. I figured with time maybe he'd learn. He didn't. He won't. I helped him find a girl he liked. I was just an easy fuck. 

I'm always an easy fuck. 

A few days ago I went on a date to watch movies, was explicit in my desire to have it remain platonic until I was in a relationship. It didn't matter to him despite saying he understood and wasn't like that. 

It wasn't forced. My brain shut down, I don't remember what happened after he said the words my childhood molestor said to me. 

No one wants me for me. They want me for the hole they can fill. The human fleshlight. It doesn't even matter when i say no. It never matters. Never ever. 

No one is ever going to want me. I'm going to be alone. My entire life the only person that ever cared was my mom and she's been dead almost 3/4ths of my life. No one else has ever loved me or stayed. My adoptive family were all abusers and just horrible people all around. I got to experience every single form of abuse possible by the time i hit 18. And yet, I still had more abuse to get in. 

I want to die but I don't want to die. I'm not entirely sure If I'm even alive now or if this is all the last bits of my brain firing off before I die. Tho maybe it is real life. I don't know and I don't care. 

I just wish I hadn't tried to be a good friend and have encouraged him to ask this girl on a date. I just wish that there wasn't something so fundamentally flawwed about me that I was unworthy of anyone ever wanting to just be with me and love me and care about me and I them. 

I just dont want to be here anymore. it's just pain over and over again in new and more painful ways.