I'm ending my life after this is posted.I am done with this life. I am 37, both parents are dead, no family, no siblings, no cousins, I have an aunt who i rent a room from while trying to save for a car. I bought a car last year, got scammed by the dealer. it was bought as is, so nothing I can do on getting the 3 thousand back. I tried for ten years to get my GED and can't because I have learning issues causing it to be impossible to get my GED. I would have to go back learn from 3rd grade to 12th grade. 

I have failed at everything I have done in life, trying to get a woman to be with, failed at that because all I get are shallow women who care more about looks and physical/sexual attraction and money, then who the person is and how they are. 

I can't work anymore because I have arthritis in my back and rheumatoid arthritis in my knees and have a beginning stage of a cataract in my dominant eye. I can't do much except manual labor and can't do that anymore because of my back and knees. 

My aunt takes all the disability check I get or tries to. she black mails me into giving more than I am supposed to in rent. which leaves me with only 50 dollars left if that to try to save. I made a go fund me account for 3 years to try to get donations to buy a van to live in and no one would donate. I only get $750.00 a month after rent and bills I have 50 to 80 dollars left which I can't save off that. 

I don't even have friends, I made a facebook joined groups and made posts about trying to find friends and all I got were guys commenting saying I am a scammer or women commenting saying my profile is new I must be a bot and bitching saying I have no posts on my account and so on. So I deleted the account. 

Nothing I do will get me ahead, I just fail at everything I do, or it just ends up blowing up in my face. I can't take anymore and I can't take living life anymore being rejected or catfished. The car my aunt has is supposed to be mine, it was my dads when he got sick she changed his will, had him sign it with a notary and he didn't know about the changes. I was out of town at the time but when he got in the hospital and was on his death bed I came back and was by his side then he passed a few days later. When I was going to get a lawyer to do the will that is when I found out it was changed but had no proof of the original will not like it would have mattered. and the aunt I am staying with is the same aunt who stole my dads car, it would been the only thing I had of his. She won't even give me the pictures he had. 

I have no where else to stay and won't stay on the streets again and be homeless, I can't do that not again. I done it from age 18 to 29 and can't do it again. not unless I have a van or a big car to live in.

So I am just going to end my life and just be done with everything. I am tired of fighting and everything failing in my life or backfiring and blowing up in my face.