Every single one is selfishI feel like im third wheeling every group im in. I thought i was part of a tight knight group of close friends. At times they seemed to enjoy each other's company more than any interaction with me, it was especially clear when we hang out on the group of 5 and physical closeness doesnt even dent their dynamic as they turn to themselves to talk not even 3 seconds after finishing 10 seconds of almost unilateral conversation. 

We have a groupchat, but recently i found that of course they chat on another with only themselves. I feel expendable, im replaced everywhere i set foot in.  I feel like im people's social and emotional pillow, and when they dont need the comfort, validation or partner im let go. If im on a group is either pity or need.

I thought that maybe i was not reciprocating affection, comfort, interest or whatever. But i just keep seeing the same story write itself: im just a tool to satisfy a need, and expendable. People dont like me for me, but for what it brings them: summaries, emotional comfort, social tool, validation, satisfaction to their ego and their sense of justice, purpose, you name it.

Everybody does everything because it satisfies a selfish need in them. Whether it be their own perception of self as a good/desirable person, anticipation of reciprocation, rewards, recognition... nobody truly cares for you nor helps you because you matter to them, but because of what need you will fulfill in them.

Friendship is a social convention to fulfill selfish needs. I know, im so smart. But the realization hit me a bit hard. And seeing how the ideal of friendship is a lie told to make people feel better, I feel as if I cant keep lying to myself people care for me. It really shows every day. And my own needs arent being met either, so i cant afford to keep on pretending like you do.

I quit "our" group chat, physically and verbally isolated from them, refused to appear on their graduation pictures, and they keep going on with their shit eating grins and laughter, never got asked a word. Comes to show how i never mattered, even when we got intimate and personal with our feelings, even after 3 years of friendship, even after inviting each other to birthday parties and hanging out after clases lots of times.

I refuse to satisfy anybody else anymore. I am not anybody's tool. True friendship is shit. Life has no real purpose rather than to live for oneself, which kills you everyday.

I only post here because your ego or need for comfort is fulfilled when reading blocks of text from people you dont know in the slightest. I dont want your fucking pity. I wont kill myself for a while if thats what concerns you.

Its pathethic how I have to post to a suicidal subreddit so a bunch of strangers read it and i feel heard. Honestly, i wish i wasnt seeing, hearing or feeling anything for as long as i commanded. Just myself