So I tried to kill myself...To make a long story as short as I can, I've been through four relationships my entire life. 

An emotionally abusive one. (10 years) 
A physically abusive one. (2 years) 
One that I felt actually gave a damn about me and then told me to GTFO one day. (1 year, friends much longer)
And just recently another great guy who couldn't look past my insecurities from my older relationships. (6 months or so)

I'm a 29 year old gay guy.

These relationships have all naturally impacted me in a lot of different ways, but a common theme is pain and a strong lack of closure. With the last two in particular, I thought everything was going fine, and then one day a conversation would come up that they felt they couldn't be with me anymore.

I'm a fighter and a strong communicator. I've learnt to ask for transparency in my relationships. If there's a problem, let's work together to fix it, and be stronger for it. In these last two relationships (both of which were considerably happier than my first two) the end came completely out of nowhere and neither of them seemed to want to try and work things out.

So my last boyfriend broke up with me because he felt as though I didn't trust him. A lack of trust has been a common theme in my first two relationships - I have been cheated on and also caught them on apps like Grindr or Tinder. I tried to make this super clear when my last two relationships started that I have baggage, but I would do whatever I could to move past it. I wasn't neurotically distrustful and I would repeatedly say that while some things made me uneasy, it was my last intention to to make them feel like I was dictating what they could and couldn't do with their time.

And for whatever reason, my promises to try harder weren't good enough. I'm in group therapy at the hospital once a week and was seeing a psychiatrist once a week for six months after the end of my third relationship. I'm still in the group therapy. I'm medicated. This is me trying to get better and be stronger.

And it wasn't enough. My last boyfriend ended it. I went over with his things, we hugged and kissed in the rain, and told each other we loved each other and wished each other well.

And then for some reason while I was on the bus home, I decided that I didn't want to do this anymore. I was tired of not being good enough for people. I was tired of putting so much of myself into these guys I had brought into my life. I had felt suicidal before, but I had never gone through with anything, but as soon as I got off that bus and was stomping home in the rain, I had every intention of ending my life.

It's really kind-of a blur now. I took out my journal, which had a lot of comments about my last relationship in it, and a series of letters I had written when I felt suicidal the year before. I wrote my banking pin on the whiteboard of my fridge. I sat down on the edge of my bed and just kept swallowing [medication 1] tablets. I probably took about 20-25 of them, and I worried that if I took more, I might puke them all up. In hindsight, I should have probably taken my [medication 2] tablets as well. 

And then I remember just crawling into my bed and going to sleep. 

Except I woke up like 12 months* later in the middle of the night. My depth perception was fucked. I could barely turn my phone on. I couldn't enter the password right on my laptop. I felt nauseous so I didn't know if taking more pills would work or not so I ended up just rolling on my living room floor just being miserable about my life.

And the next day, for whatever reason, I told my ex that I had done it. I hadn't intended it to sound manipulative or like a guilt trip. I was just super transparent. I said that I didn't want to deal with these things anymore. He asked me where I was so he could come over, but he also called the police and the police came first.

I didn't want to deal with the police. I played it off as having a rough week and I was just going to go for a walk, come home, make tea, and go to sleep, but they basically implied that if I bolted, they would have to chase me down as per some mental health law in Canada. They just asked me nicely to voluntarily.

After 2 hours in the hospital, I went to my ex's place, and he was not excited to see me. I couldn't/can't tell if it's because he felt like I was using the suicide to somehow manipulate him back into the relationship or if he was mad because he was afraid of losing me. Maybe both.

He won't talk to me now, and I don't know if he'll ever want to talk to me again. I'm not close with my family (they are not big fans of the gays) and I don't want to worry my friends and be that "one friend" that tried to kill himself.

I don't really know what to do now. I don't really know what to do next. I don't really know how I should be moving on, or if I should be taking time off of work to just let the sand settle. 

Help?