This is now the second time I've used a suicide hotline on my birthdayJust turned 22, and it's the second time I poured my heart out on a text hotline. It's also the second time I'm using r/suicidewatch. If I can't find happiness even on my birthday, I know I shouldn't be alive.

It feels that there are much, much more people out there that see my life as invalid than people that find value in it. I shouldn't be striving to find some objective value to my life if very few people are going to acknowledge it anyways. I know people will say to just focus on the people that care for me, but I simply can't do that when I'm surrounded by people that will benefit more if I was gone. I'm simply not strong enough to not let these people get to me.

I have no plan for the future anymore. I graduate in April in a degree that involves a profession that I hate the more I study it. The only reason I'm completing it is because the degree is so prestigious, and I want to say that I earned it. Plus, better chances at getting rid of $30k of student debt if I had a college degree-required job.

I don't want to be a leech to my mom and her boyfriend while I try to figure out what the hell I'm even good for, especially when I don't see that happening. I hate it when they spend money on me now, so I'd especially feel guilty if they had to spend money on me if I didn't get a job right out of college in the profession I studied so hard for. I don't have the money or talent to start my own venture, and I won't even come close to it for a long time. I'm stuck here, aimless and with nowhere to go. 

I want to be better. My god, do I want to be better. Since being diagnosed with autism at the age of 3, I spend my whole life trying to catch up to where people my age were at, even though I could never truly succeed. But the fact that people will hate me no matter what, that I will never be good enough and that I have nowhere to go for the future makes me want to give up. I think that's what this world is pushing me to do.

Sorry for the rambling. I have a hard time keeping focus.