*An Interesting Title*I'm so incredibly tired of life. It's hard to remember a time that I didn't feel suicidal. I quit therapy and meds after 5 years. I honestly feel a bit better after stopping that but the thoughts are still there, just not as intensely and less physical symptoms of depression. 

The therapists I've had don't really understand. Well, its like one will understand my complex PTSD very well but in the same breath will be making jokes about "being OCD" which is a condition that I also struggle with. When I brought it up how it was bothering me a lot, they just wouldn't get it. Another will be sweet and understand my depression but when it comes to my PTSD, I should "learn to stop playing victim". Some will just tell me to draw and listen to music. And whenever my mother had to get involved in the therapy sessions, it would just be an hour of my mom telling me and the therapist all the things she dislikes that I do, while Im shitting down, crying while the therapist is sitting there too intimidated by my mom to say anything about it. Its happened with soo many therapists. The last time it happened was so horrible that I just quit therapy all together, because now it was hurting me more than it was helping. I bet my mother is happy that she won't need to pay so much every month and I'm happy that I won't need to hear her complain and guilt me about it anymore. I also just get tired of explaining thing too even if I'll go on and on anyway.

The teachers I've had in my life are so shit. I remember telling my fourth grade teacher that me and my mother were getting abused by my father nearly everyday and that was the reason for me crying in class, isolating, and having visible bruises everywhere. She agreed to "keep it a secret". Now that I'm older, what I once thanked her for, I now resent. If she reported like she was legally supposed to do, it could've saved me from way more years of abuse from the hands of my father. I've dealt with so much ableism from having mental illnesses once I was put into special education. That would be too hard to talk about.

I resent a lot of adults for failing me and not saving me but I feel like it's important to add.

I know some of you may think, well just wait until you're 18. You won't have to deal with your mother or family anymore. It's not that easy. I'll still need their support a little after I leave the house. Not easy to hold a job when there's no reliable transportation in your town with no friends or family to drive you. So I have no money just to move straight away like that. I'll still have to deal with them. Estrangement isn't that simple.

I'm fortunate to have a few people I can call my friends but I won't bring these thoughts to them anymore. I feel like I've "talked about it too much" and now their only reactions are "why?" "Chill." "Damnn, that's tough". I want a hug, told that everything will be okay, or just for someone to sit with me. They've all been through suicidal thoughts and attempts and I still feel like I'm being too sensitive while talking about it which makes everything feel worse. But most of those things are complicated to receive. 
My parents are so unfairly strict with me when it comes to hanging out with friends compared to how they are with my little sister (she's a year younger). I believe it's because they are prejudice. I have many reasons why I believe that but I won't be more specific. Long story short, her friends are white and rich. Mine are mostly Mexicans who come from working class families. My black parents are automatically distrustful for some reason. Add that to the list of things I resent my parents for. They try their hardest to keep me from the only people that feel closest to family.

I don't know why I went on about my parents. 

tldr: I'm tired of living. I don't feel like I belong. The people that are supposed to be there for me the most make me feel unwanted. I feel very hopeless. I want to die, badly.