I Cannot Handle Today, and I cannot fathom what tomorrow holds.Today is the day I let my parents know that I am dropping out of college. I just lost my dream. Every feeling I have makes me panic. I feel coldly indifferent writing this. I wish I had a gun to blow out my brains. That would be ideal but I guess thankfully gun law is tight here. Dignity, and I know most people think suicide isn't dignified, but when you are backed into a corner, it's the only thing that seems right. They will assume a lot of things. My therapist wants to start me on a regiment of A.D.D. medication, and antidepressants and maybe other things and is making plans for me to meet with a specialist. All I can feel is how I felt when I was a little kid going to these meeting, I always felt tinkered with and an experiment. I hated taken medicine as a kid, it never felt like it was my own choice, and I hate the fact that I have to take it now to "fix" myself. I am too exhausted to go through the months of fine-tuning and tinkering to feel okay again. Even then I don't know if okay will be okay, because it won't be me. My therapist explains it as being able to be your best self. I know I am not my best self, but I also know medicated me isn't my best-self either. I remember how I felt then. It just won't be. 

 Every time I close my eyes I think about ways out. I used to imagine paths I could take to minimize the damage to myself and keep on going.  There's no more path now. It has just stopped. It's a fucking white wall. I won't see my friends next year. I won't be able to contribute in life the way I want to, which to be perfectly fucking honest, was the only way I felt I could be happy. I had set a path just to be happy, I even realized quite recently and had come to terms that my ideas for having a family couldn't mesh with my career. I was fine with that, it was so painful to come to terms with, but I finally did, because I knew it would lead to happiness. Because I would still be happy doing something I am proud to do. That path has fucking stopped. Now all I can visualize are ways out. Graphics of slitting my wrists, and my throat open, imagining how a gun would feel against my head are all very comforting now. I don't want to feel helpless again. I've posted so many times here now on alt accounts I just don't give a fuck anymore. I don't know what will happen after I tell them. I can't even imagine what will happen or change. I hate that I proved someone who has caused me so much damage right as well. Even though they are out of my life, I am periodically reminded of them. I wish I could tell my younger self when I first tied a noose and put my head through it to not be such a fucking pussy and kick the chair away, because you were right kid, it doesn't get better. It won't. I know I cannot tell any of my friends about what I am going through either. During work all day today I panicked. On the drive home I thought of ways to kill myself. My dreams are ruined. I fucked them up. 

I am constantly worried that the person that I consider my best friend, and have even told that she was akin to a little sister to me have become so fucking far apart. I used to feel natural and able to talk with her and friends, now I tense up and the cogs in my brain grind to come up with responses. I feel like a nuisance. It feels like any exchange we have isn't genuine. 

I think the only good thing that has come out of this depression is the fact that to run away from my thoughts I go on long bike rides. Whenever I got into really dark places, I was able to get back up and visualize a different path, that lead to the destination. That destination is gone now, obliterated. I am fucking too tired to try something new. I don't think I have ever been as genuine as I am now. I want to fucking die. I am afraid too. I remember in my first year leaving every night in the week and writing a new note for my roommate and basically only friend that I would be in the local hospital's psychiatric ward, and if he could tell the teachers. I remember then walking every night for two weeks to that hospital at midnight and flipping a coin in front of the behavioral unit to see if I should go in or not. When my best friend went this year, I told her she was brave, and remembered how much of a coward I was. I remember having to sneak out from curfew that my ex had installed upon me. I remember every friend I had was a threat to my ex, and thus couldn't hang out with them. I don't really want to talk about my ex anymore, I am tired of knowing it was my own fault for getting in so deep with my ex, but the reminders from myself are fucking exhausting. I would like to switch the topic from my ex to something else if that is okay, I started crying for a second and would rather not twist the knife deeper. I think I am going to take my bicycle to the family appointment today, I really can't handle a car ride with my parents right before all of this happening. I feel like ending my life is the only way I can get out of all of this. Usually I want to do it to preserve dignity, this time it just seems easier. I would really like to take the easy option now. If anyone reads this/comments if my replies are spaced out its because I am in that appointment. I don't see myself telling anyone this besides being essentially anonymous on the internet. I really don't care what people think. 