I know your hurting and I don't think you're crazy!(RANT!!)There are people in life who want things to get better for them, and are frustrated with not seeing success or getting results. If you are someone  who is like this, I just wanted to say to you that you are not alone nor are you so screwed up that you are beyond help. Because this is likely not the case.

I would think its more accurate to say that, if there was any actual proven method or help out there for you to get better, its likely that by now, you somehow would have acquired it already.

For some reason I tend to randomly research the rates of suicide and depression in America where I live. I don't recommend anyone do this since the results are pretty depressing and might trigger you. :)

A lot of what I read online, or when I speak to people in person, is mostly a form of shaming and blaming, and filled with misconceptions(misunderstandings) about what is really going on inside a person. 

People that have depression or exhibit any behavior trait that may be seen as a mental illness are covertly and overtly shamed and ridiculed in the society I live in. We are called names like retarded, crazy, weird, or psychopaths, just because we make other people feel uncomfortable with themselves. This can happen to anyone anywhere, whether they're at work, school or just about in the general public. 

I also experience something I call "psych-shaming", which to me means being stigmatized(victimized) by the very people who are supposed(claim) to help you. An example of some of this is, a common statement being passed off as fact I hear often: 
  
        "The reason why most people don't get better from depression is because they refuse to seek(and maintain) treatment".

The main point to my story here is basically an analysis and interpretation of some of the facts I came across online, regarding things like suicide and depression;

I actually do like to research and read some of this stuff, and my conclusion from what I have read is that; when it comes to things like suicide and depression, the mental health professional community has done basically "ZERO" for anyone in the past few decades and the data for that is overwhelming. Meaning people are not getting better, the opposite is actually what is happening. To me, this is the main reason why "psych-shaming" exists as a way to detract from the fact that the therapies(advices) and medicines the industry has developed in the past few decades, while they have kept many people employed and enriched, have done next to nothing to impact the numbers of those who suffer positively and beneficially. 

The reason why the only the only choice you have as an alternative to suicide is to search  within yourself, is because there is no where else you are going to find it. 

So... Good Luck everybody!