I feel like the worst human being (kinda long, in-depth of my day and boring)I usually don't talk to anyone about my issues. But my thoughts have gone so cloudy again as they haven't been for years and I don't know how to act. Sorry if everything is all over the place but I have no one I could share these thoughts with so they're kinda messy.
Last year was probably one of the best in my life, if not the best. I found a handful of new friends, went traveling to places I always wanted to visit (not out of country but I have no interest in that anyway). Had no worries. Even the stress of finishing my bachelor's project wasn't all that bad because my friends were there to help and my family was so supportive.

But this year is literally the opposite. Uni debt is killing me. I still live with my parents and while I'm very young and they don't mind, I feel like a leech. I don't have enough money to do the things that usually make me happy or even leave the house to begin with. I barely see my friends and they're also busy. I lost contact with some of them even. I think my thyroid issue is also contributing to my depression and just making it worse than it already is. I can't think. I can't remember things to the point where I'm scared. Nothing feels real everything is a blurr. Especially time. I feel horrible everyday. I can't find a job because of my anxiety even though I and my family would really need the money. I hate it but the thought of necessity stunts me even more. It's like I'm already dead trapped inside a breathing body. I don't have the energy to finish my projects or improve my artistic skill while everyone around me is successful. I hate everything. I just want to sleep and not have to deal with reality because I simply don't have the energy. I know what I need to do I just can't do it. I constantly think of slitting my wrists before going to sleep so that I could peacefully bleed out without intervention since nobody would talk to me until at least 10hrs later.

Well today was my breaking point. It seems so trivial and  uninteresting to the outside person but it's just that last straw y'know. One of my problems is that I can't wake up on my own. I just can't. I can't get myself out of bed whatsoever and I absolutely despise that fact. 
It was around 12:00 when I actually kind of woke up but again I just couldn't do anything. One thing I always plead my mother to help me with is to wake up. I love helping her with everything I really do. It makes me feel like I'm doing something right. Like I actually have a purpose. I really just want to make her happy because I genuinely love her despite her flaws. But I also like to be in control of the small things I still have control over. And one of them is the option to have enough time to tend to my private projects (I'm an illustrator and cover my uni debt with that). Even if I don't do them because of a fall back I know I was in some form of control. It will have been my fault if I didn't do them as planned. But if I don't even have the time, that option is being taken away from me and it kills that little sliver of motivation I might've still had. That makes me feel helpless and just continues the cycle. Well 13:00 breaks in and I actually yanked myself out of bed somehow. My thoughts were 'hey, if my mom would've needed me she would've called. Also it's sunday and yesterday and the day before I helped clean the entire house so there's probably nothing to do.' Well, no. I was barely awake when my mom asked me to go grocery shopping (really a super minor thing). Apparently it's one of those sundays where shops are open so she wanted me to get some things. I was incredibly disappointed and guilty. I already woke up that late and now I need to waste even more time? I really don't mind going but...just wake me earlier? And here's the thing, this might've not shaken me as much if this was a one time occurence but it's not. She does this everytime. There's not a single thing I ask of her but this: "please wake me earlier if you need me. Please" I love helping her it's the least I can do as someone living in her home but I just don't want to feel so helpless. I tell her that everytime but she doesn't respect that. Nor does it seem like she respects my time. When I ask her why, she always says: "I left you sleeping (I don't know how to properly translate it to keep the same essence but it basically makes it seem like she's doing me a favour. Like I enjoyed sleeping so long) It's your own obligation to wake up." It is. You're 100% correct. But I'm completely incapable. I feel so incredibly guilty. I've tried everything. Everything. Nothing works, I just go back to sleep. It was hilarious when she suggested using my alarm.....like I didn't have at least 5. Like I didn't try every gimmicky alarm that promises to wake you up. Like the one where you have to turn in a circle to turn it off etc. She doesn't understand it. And everytime I try to explain my problems she just interrupts me after the first two words I say, yells at me and locks herself in her stupid room. That's the absolute worst. I really just want her to know that I'm sorry. I'm not doing it on purpose. But the only thing she takes away from it is that I'm too lazy to go grocery shopping. That I don't want to help her. I would've done it but I was just still in this small state of desperation and disappointment (I dont know what else to call that feeling) I just wanted to know why she didn't wake me before I went. So yeah she locked herself up and I felt isolated again. Depressed, disheartened and isolated I had a terrible mental breakdown in the bathroom. Probably cried for an hour at how she just doesn't understand, isn't willing to help and simply repeats this cycle over and over again. I don't know if I would wither away more or flourish if I lived alone. Well I wasted away in that bathroom and could only think of how much I hate this. I had one good year in my life and now everything is so helpless again. Just like when I was 13. Death would be so easy as there's nothing to hold me back. But this one year is taunting me with how "It gEts  BeTter" bullshit.
No. It's not
Everything repeats itself. I'll never break out of it.

Fast forward to after my breakdown and I feel a tad relieved. I'd love to go shopping but she didn't tell me what she wanted so I don't know what to do. I see she was about to finish dinner in the kitchen before she locked herself in her room so I tried to do what she left unfinished. Since I didn't really know what exactly she wanted to cook I got over my fear to confront her, knocked at her fortress and asked what I could still do in the kitchen. I'm only met with: "Nothing, it's already late and I'll only finish your dad's dinner, you can do whatever". So yeah, what I did really didn't matter. Somehow she just brings back how "I didn't want to go grocery shopping. And I rather wanted to do nothing. " I try to tell her that that isn't the case but she asks why I didn't come to her earlier then. Well, I would if you wouldn't lock yourself in your fortress like that and make yourself seem unapproachable. Her: "well I didn't vanish, I was still here." Well...why lock yourself up then? 

Anyway nothing I say fucking matters to her and I just can't break this. I'm sorry I couldn't wake up on my own, I'm sorry I can't do anything, I'm sorry I disappoint everyone so much, I'm sorry I don't have a job yet, I'm sorry my live choices brought me to this point. I really wish I was different but I'm so out of control. Everything I do takes at least 2 hrs longer than it should and my mind just doesn't work. I know this seems like the most spoiled and bratty and dramatic behavior to all of you but I'm just so tired of having nobody care about how I feel. Not having anybody that wants to help. Everyone just telling me that everything is my fault. I know it is, but I just can't do it alone. I can't take it anymore. Everything requires 200% effort but I only run on 1% battery yet nobody seems to get that. I really wish I just woke up dead so I didn't have to do it myself since I don't even have the energy for that. But man, would that be nice. 
I'm gonna visit my sister in another town soon, but I don't even think I can do that. She knows even less about how I feel since she only sees me about once a year, so she just thinks even more that I'm some sort of drama queen. I wish I could open up to her but she has even less experience with depression and would just tell me to see a therapist. I did. Multiple. Only had terrible experiences that led to even more shit. I can't open up to someone like that and I only feel judged. Worst part is that I know for fact that my mom will gossip about me to my dad when he arrives and only make it seem like I'm a lazy bitch again. As if he didn't hate me enough already and thinks I was a spoiled crazy bitch. I hope I won't accidentally hear that but our walls are paper thin.

Sorry for the length of this monolith or if I broke any rules. I'm new to this subreddit and only lurked on my main account. I'm just absolutely exhausted and alone. I was hoping to do so much today but I can't even get up from this dumb chair and this aura from my mom hating me makes me even less motivated. 

Tl;dr this year is one of the worst and a minor inconvenience just broke my whole psyche.