Suicidal for over 3 years nowIm a 23 year old male. I first started feeling suicidal because of harassment and bullying i'd received from people i use to go to school with, people i've worked with, and my parents. I live in western Canada and here people are very racist towards people that aren't white, and since i wasn't white i was treated as inferior by most white people. A lot of the damage from harassment comes from that.  Most white people in western Canada are racist against non whites.  I was also harassed a lot for not being good at socializing with others. I also have chronic fatigue problems and get burnt out easy, and when the happens i get kind of slow and my mental faculties dont work well, like i cant communicate with people properly. Ive been harassed a lot for it. The harassment and abuse dealt out to me had a long, seemly never ending effect on my psyche. Many nights i couldn't even sleep because of the anger i had at people who harassed me. The abuse i went through at the last full time job i held, which was in 2012 was the final nail in the coffin when it came to me having the capacity to get ahead in life and make something of myself. Coworkers at my last full time job in 2012 started fucking with me and harassing me about mental issues i had the year before in 2011. Wounds that has pretty much healed were torn open again by these people at my last job in 2012. After those wounds were torn open again my aspirations to get ahead in life disappeared. I didn't even have the strength or willpower to get and hold a job after that.
After the horrible experience at that last job i moved 2 thousand kilometers away to a new city to try get away from it all, in the hope that maybe i could put myself back on track and try live a life worth living. But the damage to my psyche was too great. Like i said, i just didn't have the strength and willpower to get a job after what happened at the last one. I descended into heavy drinking eventually, getting nearly drunk or drunk everyday. Then in September 2013 I started taking an anti depressant medication after being detained in a mental hospital for 3.5 weeks because i started feeling very suicidal from the effects of people harassing me and treating me like shit and fucking with me when i came to mental issues i had in the past. I wasn't warned about the dangers of taking anti depressants with alcohol. I didn't realize that anti depressants and alcohol can create a synergistic effect, which means "the interaction between two or more "things" when the combined effect is greater than if you added the "things" on their own". Anti depressants can enhance the effect of alcohol, so drinking 2 beer could be like drinking 4 beer on anti depressants. I got very drunk one night in the first couple weeks of Fall 2013 while one the anti depressant and after that night I was never the same. The change happened over night. I was fine one day and totally screwed up the next day. I ended up severely damaging part of my cognitive functioning from getting really drunk on anti depressants. I don't want to go into much detail about it, but it was very horrific. I was in chronic, intense pain for months afterwards. I had abnormal sensations all over my body for several months which were very frightening and uncomfortable. My thinking was all screwed up. I was in a state of living death. A living hell. It's been nearly two years since the event, and while there has been significant improvement, I still live in pain and suffering most days, the sensations haven't totally gone away. I can't work now because of it and I live on disability now. It looks like i have no future ahead of me. And it all could have been avoided if i wasn't harassed and bullied. If i would have just been treated with respect, treated in a way that would have kept my dignity and self esteem intact, I'd probably be doing quite well for myself right now.
2012 was when i first started exploring suicide methods. I explored several methods, and after a couple years I eventually found the crème de la crème of methods. A peaceful, painless, very reliable method. I could go any day i want now. All i need is for the right state of mind and I'll go through with it. And i feel i have every right to.