A Letter to SelfHi Self.

Things are looking pretty bad, huh?  Scratch that, they've been awful for a long time.  You already know that no one will help you out of this.  Friends may care for a short time.  Lovers care simply for their own pleasure, until they find someone else to get it from.  Family may care here and there, but they turn sour in the blink of an eye.  A doctor will care for 30 minutes during your appointment... maybe.  Everyone will judge you for any weakness you might have or show, and you can't avoid that.  You have no one else.

But you do have me.  I'm here and I will never abandon you.  I know how you feel.  All of it.  I know what eats at you and I know what you wish for.  I know your dreams.  I know how they look so far away.  I know how unloved you feel, how beaten down by life you feel.  I know the ugliness of humanity, how awful people are and how easily they can disregard others.  I don't want you to leave me or ignore me because I'm right here.

I'm here.  I'm here to help.  I'm here to give you strength.  I'm here to give you motivation and cheer for you.  I'm here to say, "you can do this," even if everyone else tries to say you can't.  Because I know you can.  I've seen you do it many, many times.  Remember back when you were dedicated?  Nothing could stop you, at least not for long.  No obstacle or enemy could stand in the way between you and your goal.  Remember who you are.

Never forget what you can do.  You have been successful.  You have risen up from nothing before.  You've been homeless, going days without eating.  Yet you've clawed your way out of it.  You have had almost everyone you know turn against you.  Yet you've made new friends.  You've been completely betrayed by lovers.  Yet you've found new ones.  When you really look at it, nothing and no one has been able to finish you off.  You've had challenges that others do not face.  Each day you fight a battle no one will ever see.  You are strong.  If you weren't, you wouldn't be here right now.  Everyone has weaknesses, but remember that you have immense strength.  I've seen what you can overcome.  Never forget what you're capable of.

You can't give in to depression.  You can't make plans to kill yourself.  Every time you do, your life falls apart.  Things you've worked hard for come undone.  People don't help you when you're miserable, lonely, or suicidal.  They just don't.  No one will be sad.  They will just be angry.  People are selfish, and your suffering is an inconvenience to them.  They don't understand and will never understand.  You are easily forgotten.  You can't count on others.  Things will not work out, your plans will not work, and everything will get worse.  This happens every time.  You have to change this pattern.

I want you alive.  Maybe I'm the only one, but I will never change my mind on that.  I like you around, I like what you think and what you say.  I am always on your side, no matter what.  You make the world a better place.  I'd rather have you at your worst, at rock bottom, than any other person in history, at their absolute best.  You're really worth more.  You're needed.

You have nothing to prove.  It doesn't matter if you fail or fall or stumble.  It doesn't matter how silly you look.  I always have your back.  Others will never be happy with what you do.  Be alive for yourself.  Succeed in your own eyes.  The way the world measures success is completely hollow.  Ignore what others think.  Completely ignore them.  They flock when you are rich.  But they will not love and care for you when you are broke.  Live on your own terms.  Do this for yourself.

I'm with you.  I know what you're scared of, I know what you love, I know what you detest, I know your passions, I know your needs, I know what you hunger for.  I know your pain, your anger, your resentment, your hatred, your anxiety.  I know your happy moments, your smiles, your urge to help, your altruism, your good intentions, your desire to see a better world.  I know every single thing you feel deep down.  You don't have to hide anything from me.  You don't have to hide tears or desires.  With me, you can be totally free.

Remember your dreams.  I know what they are.  I know what you want.  You're not ready to give up on them.  They just look too far away.  You know you still want them.  I'm completely confident you can still reach them.  I'm here to help you.  I'm with you.  I will never give up.  It is you and me, together.  Let's reach your dreams together.  Let's claw our way out of this awful pit we're in.  Let's trudge through the muck of life and wade through this swamp of humanity.  We can shine.  We can be a bright star in the middle of all the darkness.  It doesn't matter how many times we slide backward.  We can climb higher and higher towards our goals.  We'll dig out of any avalanche.  We'll make it through any battle.    We can do it together.

Remember who you are.  Remember what you can do.  Don't choose the same paths that you know lead to failure.  Reach for your dreams.  Your real dreams, not the ones you think you're supposed to have.  Go for what you really want and don't quit.  Don't quit.  If you fall, I will carry you.  No matter how many times I have to, I will help you up again.  Through good and bad, I am always here for you.  Whenever you feel down, remember me.

Let's go get those dreams.

-Your soul