I can’t find any hope or reason to stay hereOn an individual level, I’m living with the weight of horrible childhood trauma that I know I’ll never recover from in any meaningful way. On top of that, throughout my adult life I just seem to get re-victimized again and again to the point where my life just feels like a cycle of waiting for the next horrible thing to happen. 

On a societal level, I have to live with the knowledge that the exact shit that’s happening to me (it manifests differently, but all leads to the same effect) is happening to countless people every day. I know how many of my friends have been assaulted to some degree and it makes me insane. I know we have no chance of saving the world from the climate apocalypse and that makes me insane.  I can’t stop thinking about systemic issues, how they manifest in the very structure of society, and I see this play out in real time and the news every day.

I can try to unpack all of these experiences and try to find meaning or accept that there is no meaning or whatever, but that doesn’t change the fact that all these things are happening, and they will continue to happen to countless people. I know there’s nothing I can do and that makes me insane. I know I should drop my whole detached, depressed thing and start participating in real life and stay in university so I can get a job but I know anything I do will never make me happy and it won’t make anything better so I have trouble finding any energy to care. 

I don’t want to get help anymore. Getting help just entails talking to someone who is a literal professional at teaching you how to ignore the problems that are really getting to you, or taking medication that alleviates some of the symptoms of being completely lucid. 

I don’t believe I’m crazy anymore. I know these things are all real and true and it’s not just a chemical imbalance in my brain. I don’t have hope because the world is hopeless. My depression is just my knowledge that the world is shit and so is my life and there’s absolutely nothing meaningful I can do to solve anything.