I had an explosive mental breakdown in the middle of the night. I’m feeling lower than ever. (15F)I’m just feeling so low right now. I tried telling my mom about my mental issues and some of my troubles but I was just yelled at, pushed away, accused of gaslighting her, and was basically just told how disappointing I’ve been to my parents.

Additionally, she let it slip that the reason why I don’t go to therapy anymore (she pulled me out of it) is that she thinks I’m going to ‘snitch’ on my family, and that it’s too ‘hard’ for our ‘schedule.’

Honestly. That’s when I just lost all fucking hope. That she’d rather prevent a few preconceived ideas/inconveniences than have a dead, fucked up, or otherwise seriously harmed daughter. 

In the middle of the night I ended up just losing my shit completely, partially due to my mother’s rejection, and now I’m so ashamed. I hit myself so many times. I punched myself in the head. I punched the door. I sobbed the entire time, everything became a blur. I just wanted to die. 

And I still do, but now I’m just more melancholy and exhausted as opposed to being violently upset. I really don’t think I deserve anything in life. I have a boyfriend, but how long is that going to last? Do I even deserve him? I’m just fucking crazy, my ex told me how crazy I was and I guess I should believe that. I’m too broken for anyone to love, I have too much baggage for such a young person and it’s disgusting. I’m co-dependent, unmotivated, and have shitty coping mechanisms. I’m surprised my boyfriend didn’t just run the minute I described to him all my brutal self-harming methods.

This post is discombobulated and jumbled up. At this point I’m just rambling rather than asking for any advice. I guess the take-away message/question I pose with this is, how can you cope when everyone (at least, the people who make important decisions for you, ie your parents) are so unsupportive and negligent? How can I even try to heal? Sorry for the long post by the way. Just needed to let it out. Thank you for reading.