I'm fucking done.  I'm tired of this world, and I'm going to take out as many people as I can before I go.I've fucking had it.  I'm done trying to explain myself.  I'm done trying to get help or state and opinion and just getting shat on.  I'm done trying to promote equality and peace and all that good shit.  You all suck, and you're all fucked, and this is what you've done to yourself.  If it's me, or it it's the country itself that does you in, it doesn't matter.  You're going to be destroyed by the monster you created.  Fuck you all, I'm going to have as much fun as I can, and take as many people with me as possible, before burning myself in front of the courthouse with a sign that says "Freedom is an illusion" on it.  It seems like the only way people remember that "hey, maybe things are fucked up around here, and we need to take a good long objective look at this world and ourselves".  I'm tired of the strong picking on the weak.    There's no point in me living, except to make a message.  What else am I going to do here, lay in bed for the rest of my life and slowly die?  I'm a fucking mental case, and I can barely get out of bed.  No one has ever helped me, and now I don't want it.  I feel like everything is crashing down on me, and everything's just too much to handle.  I've been walked on by literally every person in my life.  It's time for me to make things even, and then end this pain forever.  I've felt this way since I was a toddler.  I've always been depressed and over-anxious.  I had good reason many times.  But now, here I am, a broken person, whose life is nothing more than sitting in front of the screen, and getting up once a day to piss and shit.  I've been transformed from a hard-working, smart, look-forward kind of guy to a pile of flesh, because my brain just can't take this shit anymore.  I'm done, and I'll see how much else scum I take wipe off the face of this planet before I clean myself off.  Once again, fuck you all, I wish I could take you all with me, go fuck yourself if you think you have anything helpful you could say, and have fun being on a level slightly above pond scum and rotting on this earth you destroyed forever.