I Just Want To Be At PeaceI'm in 11th and at the beginning of the school year I moved to new city and began attending a very small private school where most of the students have known each other for several years. The first day I remember feeling like complete shit no one talked to me I tried to peep in people's conversations but it just didn't seem to work. Then I started having extreme mood swings I would be on top of the world in absolute euphoria one hour and a couple hours later I would be suicidal. Both of these moods would only last a couple of hours and the rest of the time I would just be sad. Come to find out I have Bi-Polar disorder which I was diagnosed with 2 months ago. It was hard in school the first couple of months but now its almost the end of the year and I'm slightly more comfortable social with people but I don't have any real friends just acquaintances. I've been able to spend a lot of time alone this past school year and think which is both good and bad. I've been thinking about suicide steadily for the past three months or so but I've also been thinking about life and what it means and wondering whether it really matters and it doesn't. Nothing matters nothing lasts forever we all just fade away at some point and no one will remember us. But I suppose by living we try to challenge that and I choose not to challenge it. I'm tired, so alone, I just want friends, real friends that genuinely like me and that I can depend on and that care about me and I have had them before but it's been such a challenge at this new school I don't know what's wrong with me. Other new kids seem to be making friends and doing fine and I don't think I'm that weird or ugly of anything to that nature. My mom loves me but she has a hard time understanding me and has severe anger issues. I think about how she would feel but sometimes if I died but then I think about what is best for me. What struck me one day was when my therapist said depression and anxiety can end in some people though they can relapse, but bipolar disorder is something I have to manage and live with for the rest of my life. I don't want to live like this, alone and manic-depressive. I get told "oh college is where you find your real friends anyway" but who knows what will happen there I feel like my social skills have regressed from spending so much time alone and I lost time to develop that I will never be able to get back so long story short I'm bound to be alone for the rest of my life in a morass of constant highs and lows. I have two weeks off for spring break and I'm visiting my grandparents one last time. Then the week after that I'll come back home relax and just have a good school-less last week. The Sunday before school starts again I will do it. I already have everything planned out I'm at peace and have been checking off what I can from my bucket list. I'm ready. I just needed to get this off my chest sorry its so long. 