I almost killed myself the other nightI'm a dude in my 30's. I guess it all really started when I was molested as a child (not really raped, but was made to touch/lick). I've been trying to forget that happening for the better part of my life. 

Fast forward to a few years later, I was graduating high school. A chick that I was kind of into ended up going to a party I went to. I was high after eating a bunch of mushrooms, and so the memory is really foggy that night, but I do remember seeing that chick there. 

Later that night, I woke up in my tent with a bag over my head and was tied up or something was restricting my arms and legs. Someone thought it was a good idea to give me a blowjob without my consent. I'm 90% sure it was that chick, as I heard rumors she wanted to give me a bj. However; I didn't see anything, and the person doing it didn't say anything. All i could hear was gagging noises. After it was over I ended up passing out again (mushrooms or alcohol or something started crashing my system). 

When I woke up the next day, I wasn't tied up. I just thought it was an unpleasant wet dream of mine. That was until I noticed rope burns on my wrists and ankles. I know the whole stereotype of being "raped" by a chick isn't quite as bad as getting raped by a guy. However; it still really fucked me up, and I had to relive those times when I was molested. Especially when you're 18 at the time. 

I related the incident to her, and went into a kind of shell of a man. I never really told anyone that story, because I figured they'd just laugh in my face. Truth be told, I've never really confronted her about it either. In my fragile 18 year old mind, I started obsessively hating her. People apparently just thought my obsession was out of some kind of weird love, but it was mostly hatred and malice for what I believed (and still do) she did to me. I ended up harassing her on a regular basis to at least cause a fraction of the mental instability she forced me to endure. I lived in a redneck town, so I knew she would never have gotten jail time if I went to the cops. I was not in a very great mental state at the time and also almost committing suicide as well. That happened for a few years, until I just decided to just try and forget the whole ordeal. 

For the past decade, I've only been in 1 semi serious relationship, and only on occasion have had a few tinder hookups that were really quite awful. I have no friends really to speak of, other than work colleagues. Then, when I turned 30, I decided to hire a couple of sex workers. 

It was going great. I just show up, and a pretty chick let's me have consensual sex without the emotional baggage. For the first time I started to feel happy again. With COVID, the two ladies were not seeing anyone, and I started to get the loneliness feeling. So, I decided to try and hire another one. I decided on a chick that looked like my old boss. I knew it wasn't her because of her age, but my old boss was always a flirt and thought it would have been a fun time. 

I asked the two ladies if I could use them as references, and went ahead and sent out an email. I never heard back from the 3rd escort. So whatever, one of the chicks I've been with started seeing clients again. I tried contacting her, but was getting ghosted. I did some research, and found that I was probably on some black list. 

For me, this was a new low. I couldn't have fathomed being black listed just over my contact with the other escort. Ya, I'm probably not the best client of theirs', but to be black listed?  

Looking closer at the 3rd escort's ad, I saw that she is the same age of my abuser. She doesn't look anything like her, but very well could have knew her. My guess is that she was the one repeating those (semi) false obsession claims and getting me put on a blacklist. (1/2)

Edit: I had to split the last part. [See this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/hrmq40/i_almost_killed_myself_the_other_night_part_2/)
Or [See this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/hrm6vk/comment/fy4w4jk)