I don't know what's wrong with meGonna make this a way too long story short. For the past ten years I was convinced I was socially inept, creepy, ugly, and incapable of having a girl interested in me in ANY way. During that time I surprisingly dealt with it pretty effectively, bottling up my emotions nonstop and refusing to put myself in a situation where I felt inferior. Years went by like this and it eventually caught up to me in the worst possible way...

To deal with my perpetual feelings of inferiority, I began to abuse the absolute fuck out of xanax, going through what I can only describe as HUNDREDS of bars a week. I blacked out for literal weeks at a time just to numb my fucking loneliness, and in the end all I wanted was to die. I kicked my addiction in spring, and for weeks afterward the only thing on my conscious and subconscious mind was suicide. I always though suicide was for pussies (yes I was that guy) but something changed and I knew I wouldn't ever be the same. I slowly began to realize that the entire time I thought I was inferior and unable to have a girl like me was a fucking self fulfilling prophecy. I was socially inept BECAUSE I THOUGHT I WAS, NOT BECAUSE I INHERENTLY WAS. For half a year after I quit xanax I was fine, I was the happiest I was in my life with that realization.

Then, in the past week, something sparked in my mind. All those years I thought I was so inferior were MY OWN FAULT. All those years of missed opportunities, like saying hi to the girl I liked were MY OWN FAULT. In the past few days, I've been having these insanely intense and random crying spells where all I can think about is killing myself. Killing myself because I ruined my own life. Because I missed out on SO MUCH because of my OWN FUCKING MIND. I legitimately dont know what to do abymore...  I'm the most social I've been in my life, people actually like me now, and I even notice girls eyeing me, but for some reason none of that matters. All I can think about is how much I let myself miss out on... how much of my life I've wasted convincing myself I'm something I wasn't... and despite knowing that I'm a different person than I used to be, I want to kill myself more than ever before. 

TLDR: Convinced myself I was a socially awkward loser that no girl would ever love for 10 years, and NOW that I know it was all in my head I spontaneously burst into tears and think about killing myself because of how many opportunities I've wasted. Wasted because I SABOTAGED MYSELF.