15 year old suicidal cousinHello all I both need to vent and am looking for help so any and all advice is appreciated here .  
  
I have a younger female cousin who  just turned 15.  She grew up a state away from most of the family with my aunt who adopted her a drug-addicted distant cousin . She has no siblings and her closest cousin in age is 5 years older than she is.  While my aunt was an improvement  I personally think she has and would make a poor parental figure which is neither here nor there.  
 
My aunt had increasingly had issues with her and so in the past few months she has sent her to live with my grandmother . At first my aunt and uncle came into the equation as surrogate parents for her because they thought that they could provide structure and stability. Her mother and my grandmother essentially his her suicidal tendencies, so when it came out that she had drunk a cap or two full of bleach  with the intention of hurting herself my aunt and uncle were understandably scared away from their parental roles.  
  
Unfortunately because of that incident much of my family has pulled away from her and  that means that for the most part her life is school, spending time at home with my grandmother , and occasionally church .  
 
Tonight my cousin gave me a call which isn't extremely common but I guess since she's moved closer to the family  she has been calling me at least once a month . I am probably the closest family member she has in both age and relationship at the moment . I asked her how she was doing and after talking about grades, and asking about friends , she casually mentioned that she  had tried to overdose on pills a few days ago . This broke my heart to here.  
 
 She also had talked to a therapist earlier today who diagnosed her with severe depression and mentioned there were talks of placing her in a hospital to treat her temporarily.  
  
I tried not to lecture her but couldn't help reaffirming  repeatedly that I love her and understand that what she's experiencing isn't easy for her .  She let me know that after talking to an aunt of ours( not her mother) , our grandmother, and even her therapist today  I was the only person she talked to that made her feel good . It made me smile but again my heart is broken I didn't know how things had gotten with her.  
  
I'm at a bit of a loss for how to proceed however . I told her that I would take her to an art museum next weekend  ( which I absolutely plan to if they don't end up admitting her) . I feel like part of the problem is she doesn't get enough mental stimulation . She's more or less a free- spirit cramped in a box most days and my grandmother does her best by just trying to clothe and feed her but the rest of my family have distanced themselves from her so the burden of providing her that external stimulation will fall on me.  
  
 My sister works in the mental health field as well and she has very pessimistic views towards the girl  . I know that  I can't fix her but I feel like it's so wrong that my family is ok with the idea of turning their backs on her .   
  
Again I just feel stuck and I want to help her so badly but how ? Can I really? 