I feel like I’m drowning.p.s. I’m sorry for the messy formatting, I’m a first time poster here. 

Last Tuesday night, my boyfriend of almost 2 years admitted to having lost his love for me. It’s only been a week but the pain so fucking unbearable. We’ve done so much together. He was the only guy I’ve ever felt that deep love for. 

For the last few months, I’d felt some change in him but I set it aside thinking it was my paranoia getting to me. In the past, exes have shamed me for “thinking too much”, even though I’d always been right at knowing what’s going on. I wish I trusted myself this time.. I’d notice his annoyed expressions on calls yet dismissed it with his loving behavior whenever I went to his house. We loved to cuddle and play games like Minecraft a lot. 

He started becoming more busy in life, which was reasonable as we’re in that age frame. I’d often find myself thinking that he’s losing his feelings for me, and sometimes even brought it up. He would deny it with nothing much other than “Why would you say that?”

Just about a few days prior to this night, I had been over at his house &amp; we’d been pretty intimate. Everything felt fine. 

Well on that night, the same, dreadful “Do you still love me” conversation played out. He had been really quiet on the call so I asked him what was up. He kept saying he didn’t know, but I knew something was bothering him. Finally he broke and said he had been feeling disconnected from me. I didn’t at first understand what he meant until I asked him “Are you trying to say that you don’t love me anymore?” All he could reply was “I’m sorry” and we cried for awhile. 

For a few days I was numb from it all, and I had been drawing like normal and playing on my keyboard. Even finally learning how to drive. Everything in these moments felt fine and I didn’t consider myself to be where I’m at now.

Every place we drive by, every fucking song reminds me of our relationship, even playing games on my laptop.  I have an awful habit of remembering every detail of every moment and it all replays in my mind, over and over 24/7. 

I’ve tried telling myself I’ll “find the one”, but this guy was him. I can’t even sleep without him entering my mind through dreams. Very realistic dreams in which things were the way they had been and we were just joking around like we always did. 

It feels like the only way out of this pain is suicide.. I don’t even know how yet as I think cutting my neck open would just be a slow, failed attempt at suicide. The most I’ve done is cutting my wrists. I’m worried if I do it how my parents would react. I love them so much, and my mom of all people doesn’t deserve the pain of losing her youngest kid, or at the very least seeing me attempt.