Is it worth spending my whole life waiting for it to get better?I've been fighting depression since I can remember and suicide going on 7 years now. My father stopped showing up after he got married when I was 7 and my stepfather was emotionally and physically abusive. Last year I made an effort to reconnect with my biological father and he died shortly after at sea. My wife left me after I separated from the military in 09 because she wanted to be a military wife that doesn't have to work and "I ruined that for her”. I found out my best friend, who I’ve known since first grade, was sleeping with my wife and they ended up together before our divorce was finalized. All of the people in our friend group knew what was going on between them and no one told me. It went on for about nine months behind my back. The court went in favor of her getting custody of our two children and for my visitation I have to make a trip from VA to CT because the court ruled she is not required to meet me half way or even assist in the trip. It was also ruled that I need to pay her $400 every two weeks and that is about half my paycheck. I work full time for an insurance company and I struggle to have money for food. I was molested twice as a child, was ridiculed at school for being a “faggot” (even though I’m not a homosexual), am raising an autistic son (one of my doctors believes I may be autistic), and I have no social skills. There is no joy left in my life. I don’t fear death. I tried talking to a doctor but the only medical insurance I have is through the VA and the mental health department is only interested in prescribing me antidepressants that only numb the world around me. I'm so tired. I just want to lay down, go to sleep and not wake up. I keep pushing because people always tell me things get better but at this point, I feel like I can't wait for it to get better. I can't even take a day off of work because I literally can't financially afford to. I'm at my braking point and I'm not sure what to do.