Feel like my life is pointless.Recently I've been feeling like I'm useless for many reasons,
I am a 18 Year old currently in the uk and I've made many wrong choices in the world for example gone down the wrong side career path which is now too long late to change, which I am not going to get anywhere in.
Feel as so I will never get a job that keeps me with a roof over my head, food and things that I wish to have.
I am over weight and find it really hard to lose weight, I've been trying for over 5 years.
I've got no friends.
No one ever speaks to me, only with small talk or one word.
I get ignored by lots of people.
When walking passed people around college, even people who I never met before, they all say nasty things or take the mick, which I don't know why because I have done anything.
Even one of my tutors wasn't really friendly whom I had last year as she always picked on me and never believed what I said.
I've never had a girlfriend, I've felt like I have fallen in love once before when I was 15 and i thought she felt the same about me due to the way she acted and spoke, when I told her how I felt about her she never spoke to me again and got a group of people who threaten me as it turned out she was just using me.
However this last year I have found someone new, which I have feelings like I've never felt before but she seems to good for me as I'm scared to tell her how I feel because of what happened last time and I know she will reject me as I'm not perfect at all but I also feel as if I find someone I truly like it will change my life completely.
Im completely unattractive
My anxiety makes everything worse what I do.
I am a very shy person.
My life goes down hill each and everyday, things becoming more worse for me then ever
People look down at me as if I'm 💩
They are many other reasons whŷ I'm feeling down.
I know some of you will probably laugh at me because I'm pathetic, but this is how I feel but I'm scared of dying.
The only people who seem to care about me is probably my family.




