I don't know how much longer I can hold outThis is going to be a long wall of text, as the last 3 years have been some of the most painful and difficult of my life so far. 

Back in 2017 I tried to hang myself. Before that I would privately write about suicide, only to get confronted by my parents when they went through my journals. "What the fuck is your problem?" "Why would you do this to us?" "This is just attention seeking, so it's a real bitch move." I had self-harmed for a bit as well, until my mother confronted me in front of my grandparents about it. "You know, this is something [insert ex-girlfriend here] would have done, you're just being a bitch." 
        
In the months leading up to the attempt, I finally realized that I had been depressed for years. I told my parents about how I was feeling, and they believed me for the first time. For years up to that point they would vehemently deny that I had any mental illnesses at all, even refusing to let doctors put me on medication after one diagnosed me with major depression. 

After the attempt, I was hoping I could just tell my closest friends and keep it secret from my parents. However, two weeks later I was forcibly committed to a psych ward by my psychologist at the time. I had seen her once beforehand, and immediately after I told her about my attempt she said "I'm sorry but I can't let you leave unless you're going to a facility."

So an hour later I'm being loaded into an ambulance, driven to a hospital to stay for the meantime (even though I had no injuries or anything from the attempt), and with a cop nonchalantly watching me from the door to the room. I had to call my parents and tell them what was happening, since I was on their insurance. When they show up, my mother hugged me then immediately tried to punch me in the stomach, gritting through her teeth "Don't ever do that again."

I had to drop out of college, spend a month in a mental hospital, and then move back home with my parents while attending outpatient group therapy. The first morning that I was back, my mother immediately threatened me over a shower. "If you use all the hot water, I'll end you myself." That led into a 40 + minute heated discussion over text. Where she not only admitted that she had read through all my texts and messages to my friends, but mocked me for talking to them about my depression. I ended the conversation with, "I'm going to show everyone these messages so I can get the hell away from you." 

At this point, my father calls and starts yelling at me about how I've been disrespectful and need to apologize. His only role in their marriage is to agree with her and ignore all the horrible things she says to me. At the end of the day I go home, my mother apologizes to me and I do the same. It's never brought up again, unless its to remind me that I'm a horrible son and an ungrateful piece of shit.

About one year later, I've regressed horribly. I've stopped going to therapy or seeing any mental health professional, I only take medication and self-medicate when I can with cannabis. In March 2018, I was confronted by my mother about buying pot, which turned into an argument. She screamed at me, "You've disrespected this house!" I shouted back, "You've disrespected me for my whole life!" Then she charged at me, punching me then digging her nails into my arm. I hit her back, got her hands off of me then slapped her in the face. Naturally, I called the police and they just kicked me out of the house. I walked three blocks, covered in sweat, blood, and tears with my belongings in a backpack. Luckily, I had friends who lived in a nearby city that allowed me to move in with them. 

I had planned on never talking to my parents again, after one phone call with my father where he just continued to blame me and deny any fault of his own. My friends and I drove back down that same week to get the rest of my things from them. I gave them my phone (they paid for it) and car keys and told them never to talk to me again. 

A week later, my mother sent an email apologizing. I quickly deleted that email and did my best not to talk to her. But I had bigger problems. Since I had to move so quickly, I also had to quit my previous job because they wouldn't authorize a transfer. I also had to move again, since my friend who had allowed me to live with him had to move himself in a couple months. I had another group of friends who would allow me to live with them, but they only had less than a month left on their lease as well. So I temporarily moved into their house, and I worked at a minimum wage job to try to raise money for an apartment. Needless to say, that did not work out. Since I was new to the job I was not getting consistent hours, and I had to call out sick my very first week since I got the flu. 

So I asked a friend for a loan of $500. He obliged, but that alone was not enough for an apartment. With no other options, I asked my parents for a loan of $1000. They agreed, if I could meet up with them in person. We did so at my job, they gave me the money, and I was finally able to afford a place to live. I knew they relished the fact that I couldn't do it on my own, and I honestly wonder if it would've been better just going homeless and dying right there.

Four months later, I lost that job. I was seeing a therapist, trying my best to make ends meet, but I was constantly late to my job and emotionally volatile. I was using cannabis even more to cope. I would breakdown frequently at home, I started getting anxiety attacks and even got one at work while working the register. I knew that I had fucked up, and so I began searching for any other job that would take me, all the while having my parents pay for rent when I couldn't do it.

I found another job, paying a livable wage for full time work. I thought I'd finally made it work, I was able to live comfortably with friends that respected and cared about me. But six months later, I lost that job too. I started feeling so horrible that I couldn't get out of bed, I stopped caring about cleaning myself or my apartment, and I got myself into a horrible relationship with a manipulative alcoholic. Thankfully, that only lasted about two months before I broke things off. 

But I found work once more, essentially being a furniture delivery and repos guy. It started paying decently, but I had no idea the work would be so intense. That, and the management genuinely did not care what happened to us. One time we had to deliver a couch to a fourth floor apartment at 1AM with no elevator. We got yelled at and chewed out constantly, simply because they would overbook us then blame us for not being able to deliver eight furniture sets in one day. 

My first partner on the job lasted three months. Before he left, I had requested vacation time about two months before hand. I was repeatedly told that I would not get it, and that I should just "reschedule." So one week before my vacation time I quit. Sent the manager a text only and quit that same day. I blocked their number and refused to leave my apartment.

After my vacation, I spent the next three months wallowing in my misery. I didn't do anything productive, just smoked cannabis and laid around. I had no plans to get a job, as my parents had agreed to help me out with rent since they knew how awful my last job was. It wasn't until January 2020 that they started pushing me to get a job. 

That's when I got a message from my old job, they had a new manager (one of my previous colleagues) and he wanted me back with a raise. I agreed, and it took two months for things to spiral back down to the awful level they were at before. Same problems, overbooking us and then offering no support whatsoever when things wouldn't work out. Worse even, one of my colleagues was a horrible alcoholic. He always came into work smelling like liquor, and could barely lift anything. No matter how often I told my boss to get rid of him, he'd just say "Give me some time, man. We need someone to replace him." Unfortunately, they found no immediate replacement before he stopped showing up. 

By this point of the long, unending text, we've reached March 2020. The pandemic is just starting to hit my city, and I'm expecting my work to close. Instead, they cut our hours in half and keep us open. But I'm still working there, because I'm planning on moving out of the city in two months. However, one day my mother literally begs me not to go back to work. Says that she will help pay for rent, and recommends me to sign up for unemployment. 

That leads me to where I am now. I've just received my last unemployment check, and next month I need to search for a job. I'm very lucky that I'm living in a house full of close friends, for very cheap. However, I'm close to my parents' house so they know exactly where I live. I don't want to live off of them again, but I know that I'll probably have to. I'm lucky that I get all this financial support from them, but frankly I'd rather just be dead.

I know they're going to hold this over my head, like everything else. I know they're going to use this to try to keep me talking to them, but I know that I need to get away from them. I need to cut them off, for a multitude of legitimate reasons. But given my current financial situation, the situation of the pandemic, and my continuingly horrible mental state I have few other options.

I'm very lucky and thankful that I've gone so long without another suicide attempt. I've self-harmed, but I've had enough mental fortitude to keep going for this long. If I didn't have the caring, forgiving, best friends that I have, I'm sure I'd be dead. But I'm also not sure how long that alone can keep me together.

I recently threw out the knife I was cutting myself with, but I had no idea that would only worsen my general mood. I've been holing myself up in my room for over a week now. I leave occasionally to talk to my friends or smoke, and then come back. My sleep is inconsistent, and has had me waking up in the late night/early mornings, when everyone else is asleep. 

I have constant suicidal thoughts, or paranoid thoughts of my friends turning on me and throwing me out, or horrible intrusive anxiety that can halt whatever I'm doing and throw me into a constant thought loop of worrying, inevitably leading to an anxiety attack where I basically disassociate and come back to find myself curled into a ball while holding back tears. I'm so scared for myself and my friends, because as much as I hate what I've become, I hate the image of one of them walking into a room only to find a corpse. 

If you've read all the way through this, thank you. I haven't posted anything about my personal life before, and I felt like I needed to get all of this out somewhere. I hope everyone here makes it out of this alive. I don't know you, but I sincerely love you nonetheless.