I don't feel I have the strength anymoreI've been looking with my bf at his mom's house for ten months now. I had a break down near the beginning of our relationship where I quit my job and broke the lease on my apartment. He offered for me to come here with him so that's what I did. I've been depressed and with suicidal ideation for years now. I just broke and was tired so he offered to help.

Since then I have not gotten better in this time. I would say maybe I've learned some things by bring exposed to a very different person and environment than I've ever experienced. I haven't gotten better and my depression has become too much for him. We are toxic to each other and things have only ever gotten worse after many seemingly really good talks. He also has an addiction problem that he's dealing with that has really triggered a lot of my traumas. He was clean for a while when we got together but my depression has caused an enormous amount of pressure on him with being someone I'm dependant on emotionally and financially. He doesn't have a normal job.. he has a freelance skill that he used for inconsistent gigs. He is worn down by that and also how I've been depressed and suicidal while he is also trying to handle his own issues.

He is out of town now and I messaged him some insecure stuff yesterday and he has now broken up with me and told me to get out by the time he gets back. This has been said before but we still said we'd try again. He said I need to stop forcing him to be with me and he wants to be free.  I need to be out of his house by the time he comes back in town by the end of this week. I have no where to go but my mother's house. She is extremely mentally ill, does not have a job and I believe sells drugs to stay afloat rn. Her "apartment" is basically an attic that is smaller than a studio apartment and I will be sleeping in the floor. That's not the part that is unhealthy.. her mental state is. It is genuinely scary. 

I feel I have no where to go and no one to turn to. I'm so heart broken and tired of this pain. I always want to be strong but I can't find the strength. I don't know how I can try to get out of this hole anymore.