someone acknowledged my mental state today and I haven’t felt a feeling like this beforeI got into an argument with someone over something dumb. We argued for a bit before he stopped the argument and said, “hey, I was looking through your account and saw you posted on r/suicidewatch. If you want to stop this argument we can”.  (It sounded way more empathetic than I’m making it sound) And I honestly don’t know how to feel. I think it’s a good feeling, but I can’t really tell because this has never happened before.

with that part over I’m going to get to the point of why I still don’t want to be alive. Turns out my parents are anti-vaccine. They won’t get me vaccinated even if I want to. It’s even worse because I’m doing in-person school, so if the corona vaccine comes out I can’t get it. In other news, my dad is still a verbally abusive alcoholic, which probably doesn’t help with anything. We’ve tried to get him to stop drinking many times, but he just won’t. Lots of my friends have lost interest in talking to me lately. Probably due to my bland and boring personality. 

School is worse than I expected, kids barely wear their masks and don’t have any care about personal space. Slowly I’m starting to think more and more that my dreams will be literally impossible to achieve in my lifetime, not just because of these current events and the fucked up system that won’t change, but because I’m braindead. Literally no matter how hard I try and learn, nothingn gets through to my dumbass. 

On top of all that, I’m still struggling with my gender and sexuality. This is probably a generic teenager thing but it really doesn’t help considering what else is going on.

I haven’t lived a normal life at all, most people I talk to even acknowledge that. My brother was diagnosed with leukemia when I was 3 (I think?). Both my parents were also in the military, so I was tossed around a lot. We didn’t make much money for his medical treatment considering both in military. Skip forward until now he’s beaten cancer 3 times (because I donated my bonemarrow), and what do I get for it? Absolutely fucking nothing. Literally nothing. I saved his fucking life and I still get treated like shit by him. I don’t know what is needed to be done anymore man. I just feel like I can’t comprehend how the world works. It’s all so much to deal with. I’ve been stress eating a lot. Gaining lots of weight. Still don’t look fat. I eat like once a day, and when I do eat it’s a lot.

Enough is said. To everyone that read this far, thank you, and treat people kindly because you never know when their final day will be.

Goodbye.