I just want someone to knowI don't even know why im here really. Just want someone to know  really. Mayve they find this and understand more. Most likely not but I need to get this out. Please bear with me this may get long. 

Ive been in love with the same girl for over a decade now. Me net in high school and quickly became great friends. For the firsr 7 years of our friendship I always crushed on her but was too afraid of ruining our friendship to ask her out. I valued being around her more than that. She has an extremely broken family, I mean this one takes the cake when it comes to broken. Her grandfater is an rso but also makes all the money so he controls the family with money. Her uncle is an extreme perv who divorced his wife and left his kids to send money to women on the internet... money provided by her grandfather. Her mother is a raging alcoholic drug addict, once again enabled by the grandfathers money. Same grandfather that raped her cousin in the house she lived in. It goes on and on but you get the picture I hope. Well I left for college and came back a different person I learned who i was and gained confidence and self respect etc etc. Came back to here and started hanging out with her again. We fell in love and fell hard. She admitted to me that her current bf was terribly mean and aggressive. He would hit things with bats and force her to do things she didnt want to do. He raped her multiple times. He would openly tell her she meant nothing and he could leave her without a problem. A couple days later at her 21st birthday party she started having a good time. One of her friends was there she hadnt seen in awhile. She started dancing having a good time. Her then ex got mad and stormed out. She cried her eyes out. I hugged her because no one deserves that, not on thier birthday. 2 weeks after that she came to me and confessed to me that she loved me and always has. I the same. Nothing happened between us, i made her promise that nothing would until she broke up withthe guy she was with. That night I slept on the couch and she took the bed. Im not an asshole, I refuse to cheat on anyone. The next night she left him. I moved all her stuff out of his place by myself because she was afraid he would lay hands on her. So I did it all. That day was the best in my life. That feeling continued for three years. We were inseperable. 

I needed to tell you that so you can understand this now, at least I hope so.

I also dont come from the best family. Its not as bad as hers but it aint peaches and cream. No ones is really but i cant complain. When she ended up moving in with me (fine because I rented the entire basement apartment, fully renovated/furnished) my mother, the landlord, said there better not be any babies in this house. Which i thought was insane because I do not want kids, especially what was done to me as a child, and neither did she. 

As far as I can tell this is the catalyst that started everything. 18 months ago my sister who was 14 at the time got pregnant. My mother panicked and made her take her bc pills when she found out which was like 2-3weeks after, essentially forced an abortion. Some reason this caused my so and i to begin fighting. Petty shit really but mostly about my mother and how i wanst standing up to her or something totally inane because this didnt affect us at all. Well 3 months after my sisters abortion she gets pregnant again. Except this time she wants to keep it... Just for a little understanding, the house contained 5 people, my mother, myself, my so, my younger brother and sister. We lived in a middle class area where my mother struggled just to pay rent. I was the only other job holder in the house. My mother agreed to allow my sister to keep the child. I argued with her because financially we cannot afford a baby there is no way. My mother didnt care her response was always "thats my only daughter i will support whatever she wants", and "i only kept having kids till i had a daughter." I almost killed myself that night. Having your mother tell you you were unwanted in pretty heavy. My SO got really upset and a few days later slapped my mom hoping it would make her realize what was going on. Nope instead she kicked us out. Was the middle of october, freezing outside and all i had was my shitty convertable car. If it wasnt for the saving grace of one of oyt teachers from high school, we would've be on the street. He took us in and allowed us to live with him and his family. I still live here to this day. 

6 months into staying here my so got weird. Started acting hostile towards me for no reason. Witholding and reserved. Id constantly try to figure out whats wrong but id get nothing. We argued a bit but nothing serious. Then a mutual friend popped back up after being gone for some time. We start hanging out and find out hes homeless. The generous teacher who took us in said he could stay out the winter here cause he has a job and money just needed some time to get things together. They started spending more and more time together. Eventually I get a sick feeling in my stomach and ask her if she did anything with him. She admits they kissed. I lose it. The woman i love the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with. The one I would do anything and have done anything for, the one I would never betray went and did this to me. It broke me. I never felt depression like this. It put me in the hospital. While all this was going down she was championing our teacher to try and get him to kick me out because my presence here was causing her anxiety, and i could do back to my mothers house because I have a place to go and she doesnt. I put myself in group therapy because I wanted to kill myself everyday. She started drinking, a 1.75L of vodka daily. Eventually our teacher saw what was happening when he caught me sleeping on the basement floor where the otherguy was supposed to be staying and he was in my room in my bed with her. The next day he kicked them out. That was march 2015. Now i still care for this girl. Idk why I just do. I still love her and do feel she is the one but I cant bring myself to be around her anymore. It hurts too much. So i tried my best to help them whenever I could. First they lived in a car at walmart for a couple months. Then they got a van. Then an apartment but the roomoes were crazy to back to a car. Then an apartment again then a car again now they are ina motel somewhere. 

I told you that entire wall of text so i could tell you this. In the last few months she has been talking to me. She told me that waht she did was a mistake. She was sorry. She didnt mean to leave me she was just confused and hurt and scared. She wants to get back together. Except I dont. I love her but she left the most disgusting taste in my mouth. One I cant get rid of. She tries to hang out with me. Im constantly getting messages on facebook now saying "i love you", "i miss you", etc etc and its killing me.

This entire week ive had to drig myself to sleep. Xanax and hydrocodone. I wake up and I want to sleep. I started cutting again to feel something that isnt this. The drinks cant come fast enough. I have no friends to talk to because while we were together she isolated me from them and all my friends stopped talking to me. Waking up this morning was the hardest thing ive ever done. Its getting worse and worse. I dont know what to do anymore. I honestly dont even know what I said im just rambling about all this in hopes that someone, anyone will read this. I put everything I had i to that girl to make her better, she got better and then she left me for the first person who came along. I almost think she did it on purpose because I always told her my greatest fear is abandonment because thats what my family did to me and thats exactly what she did. 

Now she wants to get back together and all i want to do is slit my own throat. 

Thank you for taking the time to read this. 

TL;DR: Spend 3+ years rebuilding her broken spirit only for her to cheat on me with the first guy who comes along. Now she wants back to me. I want to kill myself. 
