I can't ask for helpI don't have a close relationship with anyone. I'm not comfortable talking about any of my problems, not even with my mom. No one knows anything about me. They all think I'm doing fine and having a great life. Whenever I'm alone I can't help but think about who I am and cry. I hate everything about myself. I hate that I can't just be happy. That's the only advice I get; be happy. I can't do it. No one wants to hear me complain. 

I can't stand myself. I hate being around anyone because I know they all just look at me. Everything would change if I wasn't so alone, but really, that is the only time I'm comfortable. No one knows anything about me. I'm a loser by everyone's standards. Nothing I do to try and change works. I never feel good about myself. I know I don't matter to anyone. 

I know there's more that bothers me, but I can't put it into words. It's the way people look at me, the way they talk to me, the way I just know that no one is sincere. I'm supposed to believe things will get better, but they won't. I know they won't. It would have gotten better by now. I'm in the prime of my life, and I want to kill myself. I hate life. I hate feeling things. I hate thinking.

I can't ignore anything. I can't just interact with people like anyone else. I know they're judging me, I know they're lying if they say they aren't, and it bothers me. So much. And I can't stop it. I know its stupid, thats why I feel like such an idiot. 

All I want is to talk to someone. Thats all I've ever wanted. I just can't ever be comfortable. I'm never comfortable unless I'm hiding from everyone. I might look alright sometimes, but I'm always screaming on the inside. People terrify me. Getting close to someone terrifies me, but that's all I want. I just want to talk to someone that loves me. That wants me to talk to them. But no one does. 

And yet, here I am. Babbling on the internet in stead of trying to fix myself, like a fucking loser. Right now is the only time I'm ever comfortable, and I'm fucking miserable. I feel so pathetic. I'm an idiot. No matter what I do, I will always be an idiot. 

I'm sorry you read this, but I can't talk to anyone face to face, or anyone that I know. I don't want anyone to know about my problems, but I want help. I'm too ashamed of myself to say anything. I don't know what to do and every day I'm becoming more and more depressed. I know that pretty soon, one of these nights, I'm going to get drunk enough to work up the balls to kill myself. I need help.
