I just needed to say something.There's probably people with problems so much more worse than I and I feel incredibly guilty about posting this but I feel this is the only option I have left.

I'd like to put a bit of backstory, so things make sense. Hopefully.

I'm diagnosed with bpd, it's not something I like to say and quite honestly no one really knows about it. At 13 I left home, parents divorced when I was 11 so I was jumping between houses. I ate, a lot. It was my coping mechanism and I put on weight as a result, my fault entirely no one has the blame for that. When my bpd surfaced i wasn't a pleasant person to be around my mother hated it and thus my reasons for leaving home. My father is a drinking addict and thus susceptible to angered outbursts. I hate him quite frankly.

Fast forward a few years, shifting from sleeping on friends beds to finally living in one of the rooms in my grandmothers house. My dad lives here too, he's been living here for the past few years rent free and taking total advantage of her. I don't have much money so I try to help out in the form of chores and taking her out. I have offered her money on various occasions but she has declined.

He decided tonight that he will kick me out if I don't sort my self out (my depression) he will put me on the streets himself. He has threatened this before but I believe I made this worse on this occasion as I felt unjustly pointed out and answered back instead of sitting in silence. I only made things worse. I tried to explain about my bpd but now he's adamant about kicking me out. I am terrified. I want to end my life because I cannot go back out there I cannot live on the streets I am tired of being a burden on everyone's life, everyone that I've had to live with. They all seem to feel the same way. And I cant, I can't do this anymore.

I don't know what I'll do. I don't know. I'm scared and crying and I just wish to close my eyes and not awaken because I can't face tomorrow. I can't see a tomorrow. 

Anyhow, like I said. I'm sorry. I know there's people with it so much worse. My apologies. I was always told that I'm guilt tripping people. This is probably what I'm doing now. I'm sorry.