It would be nice if i could just die... Last year I spent the whole year wanting to die, right now I am just waiting until my parents get tired of me. I sleep away just so I don't have to be awake. I am tired of waiting, why shouldn't I kill myself? I don't have the money to buy N, and the only way to get it is asking to my parents, which creates my problem: I can't really bring myself to die without N unless my parents leave me homeless, and that's not going to happen at all (they just accepted the idea of having to care about their 29 year old useless son).  


I am not complaining about my situation, I am just complaining about the fact that there is no point in life. I refuse to work (working is being a slave unless you are getting paid something VERY decent, I am way too disabled to do that), I refuse to waste my time in most tv shows and movies because I don't like them, I refuse to play videogames because I already finished everything I wanted to play and the other videogames bore me, I hate the fact that we live in a prehistoric era (computers are not even half a century old), I hate the fact that I am completely numbed and I don't feel emotions or happiness so not thinking like this is not even possible. I don't care about relationships (I am fugly on the inside anyways), I don't want to have children (to have a kid just to abandon him is a very cruel thing to do), I don't care about anything in this world. I am really envious of someone who is able to kill himself just like that.  


I think I am prepared to die, but how long will I have to live in this shithole called Earth? Years? Should I just sleep all day long until there is a new videogame or show with promise? At least I don't have to keep waiting that long, the only interest left in me is news about technology and that requires time. I would spend the entire day with my computer but I am tired of doing that because I have been doing just that for 10 long years. I am starting to be tired of being bored all day, trying to chase away boredom... 