How to beat depression naturally! x-postthis is my post from r/depression

I've been super depressed before, it sabotaged my high school years so I read everything I come across about it. Your quality of life and your health depends on what you do or don't. It's not all about you sometimes. This is everything I've learned about how to combat depression so please try it and keep at it. If it works for you, you can thank me by living the best possible life you can and helping others like yourself to fight it too.

1)Get a good balanced diet! All essential everything and what not especially omega 3's and amino acids. Eat fruits and veggies too. use those dollars you spend on fast food and go for tasty healthy food you make yourself. no processed sugar/syrup if you can help it. stay away from stimulants.

2)DON'T fap (its a trap!, doing this releases chemicals in your brain to make you feel more depressed every time you do it.) Vicious cycle cause of short term good feeling when your numb but its sexual quicksand!

3)Keep a good routine for everything and stick to it. Especially sleep schedules. Don't stay up late, get up early and get a run in to release pleasing endorphins! You can get more stuff done too.

4) Exercise! feel better about your self and your body. Do it for yourself and not for getting the opposite sex, that will come naturally and love can just be a crutch. If its gone you just revert back and more so from heart break. Endorphins!

5)Sunbathe once every 3 days but remember the sun screen, if you're by the pool you can exercise too but remember to reapply the uva/uvb after you get wet. Its a chance to relax and let go but more importantly you need that natural vitamin D your skin makes from exposure to the sun.

6)Have fun and don't isolate yourself. Doing this with a friend or SO will help make things bareable and time go by quicker. You're not totally alone but don't slack off just because they can't do it with you all the time. This is for you but it is bigger than you, if you get what i mean.

Write all this down and post it all over your house if you have to. Future you will thank you later! Good Luck.
------
EDIT:to the people who gripe about fapping and depression you need to read both sides not just the stuff for normal people, you are depressed, traditionally that's not considered normal. 

you get addicted and can associate it with porn that multiplies addiction and fucks with your brain so then you're under constant withdrawal like you've been taking a drug. these are a bit long but i hope you read them both. 

you ever wonder why you can get sometimes get depressed after you fap?
 
[prolactin and dopamine](http://forums.rxmuscle.com/archive/index.php/t-7428.html)

[symptoms is depression](http://in.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20100702211812AASbJdc)


