I want to die, every day, but I can't and it's like im trapped in my own personal prison in my mind.edit- im here because i need someone. i need to talk. today is worse than the others. and i dont know a single person i can talk to and tell them I think about suicide every day. i figured someone would reply by now...or PM....idk guys I usually keep this tomyself but these tears arent stopping...id love to hear anything you have to say....

  22F us.

Today I actually managed to peel myself out of bed first try, but now my two year old sits and watches cartoons while I...yet again....fantasize on the couch about how beautiful it would be not to worry anymore. I may regretfully get off this couch a few times until it's time to make lunch. Usually for urination or "oh my god child you are going to injure yourself if I dont intervene" emergencies.


My room is disgusting.  Her room is a little better...atleast theres no food or trash and most everything is picked up everyother day.   Mine on the other hand is filth.   I have no clean clothes...my mom does her laundry, even then I never put it away so it sits in the kitchen until ive cycled through it.


She loves me, still.  That simple sentance just brought tears to my eyes.


Why? Why the fuck do I do these things? I drink every night, last night was my first sober night in a week or so and it took me 6 hours to finally go the fuck to sleep.  I I haven't been sober a total amount of 10 days since the new year....my resolution was to tackle that.  I started again last night, so if I make it tonight it will be a personal record. But, Ive been sober before. And these thoughts are still there.


They began when I was 12 and in my room fucking up my arm with a box cutter because my step dad was drunk and I had no friends.  The day the thought popped into my head, it never left.  Thats been 10 years of wanting nothing more than the peaceful beauty of eternal sleep. Never having to worry whats gonna happen to me within the next 4 years.  What clusterfuck is up next. Because bad things are always happening.    The best thing thats happened to me in the last year was my taxes, but thats gone too.

No matter what stage of life Im in....happy, sad, single, taken, clean, dirty, the thought never leaves my head....just kill yourself. You clearly dont want to and cant handle this. The thought of raising a child to not be as fucked up as you are seems impossible.    You can't keep down a routine. You can barely hold a job your dad didn't hand you.  School? HA. You stupid high school drop out you wont make ti through.  Debt? HAVE A FUCK TON. Just go crazy spending all your fucking money and checking yourself into mental facilities you cant afford just to fucking breath another day.


Id do it. I would. I swear to god if I never had a child I would fucking do it.    But what happens to her when Im gone?  Whos gonna be there if she gets raped, too? Whos gonna hold her hand when shes 19 in an abusive relationship and pregnant?  Whos gonna tell her to get her shit together and make something out of herself so she doesnt turn into her mother? How can I tell her it's all gonna be okay when I don't even think it's gonna be okay?


Her dads a worthless pile of shit and my moms in her 60s, doesnt take care of herself and is a pack a day+ smoker.   


I have no other choice but to stay.   And every fucking day the thought is stronger "Just kill yourself." So every fucking day I have to deal with it.

I want to die, every day, but I can't and it's like im trapped in my own personal prison in my mind.