I tried to make everything stop last night and was found in time. How do I move on from this?Things have been hard for the past few years, and they just keep going downhill. College is frustrating; I'm stuck in a major I don't like anymore and in so much debt that quitting would feel more like failure than a positive change. I'm stuck in a minimum wage job and isn't going anywhere. My best friend of 20 years and I had a falling out over a month ago and it's like I lost a brother. I'm still in love with my ex-boyfriend, and only recently I found out he slept with someone he swore to me he hadn't. Though he says he wishes he hadn't and that he's remorseful over it, the pain is still so very strong. He doesn't love me, and really, he's justified in not loving me. I ruined our relationship towards the end of it by checking out early so as to avoid pain. I made it worse, apparently.
I find it nearly impossible to even lift myself out of bed every day.


It all happened so fast. I came home after spending my work shift sobbing in the back office. When I walked into my apartment that I share with my ex, all I could think of was how cold I was. So I got into the warm bath, but my mind wouldn't shut off. I just wanted to sleep for decades. So I took a few of my vicodin. Then a few more.

I must have fallen asleep in the bath. My ex came home from work and found me, and naturally freaked out. After helping me throw up and dry off, he called my mum. I don't really remember much, except being taken to my family's house later that night and purging a lot. My grandma cried a lot, my mum was so upset she yelled a lot. My ex keeps calling me every hour to ask how I am, and the friends who were filled in on what happened are lost as how to help. I don't even know what to say or feel. It's all empty.


I don't plan on trying to do that again. Not after seeing how everyone I care about is so distraught about what I did. I guess I just need help in figuring out how to move past all of this. I'm so ashamed of myself.
I never wanted to hurt anyone, I'm just so exhausted. My friend suggested I reach out to those who have been where I have; I'm not so delusional to think I'm the only one who has felt what I do. All I want to do is hide.

How do I move on? Will I ever be looked at like I was before, or will this moment define me for the rest of my life? I don't expect miracles or quick fixes - I know I'm in trouble. I guess all I need is some guidance.
