Everything sucksMy life sucks. Idk how else to put it. I have 0 friends, and no, I'm not just saying that because I feel like everyone is fake, I'm saying that because I dont have any friends whatsoever. I moved to this state in October and I've been in school and I've yet to make friends. I have a boyfriend, but I met him online. We hang out almost every day though, so I guess thats a good thing. Honestly it seems like the only good thing right now that's going on.

No one in my family likes me. My  mom passed away in 2013. My grandma sent me away for no reason. I was sexually assaulted and I told my doctor that it made me feel suicidal and he had me put in inpatient for just feeling that way, and honestly my life has been getting worse since then. That was a year ago. Now I live with my mentally abusive ex step father. I live with him under the circumstances that I'm supposed to go to therapy once a week. I've lived here since October 4tg and I've had therapy twice. I've been out of my meds since November. 

I've gone back to cutting myself because its the only thing that keeps me from taking every pill in this house. I just want someone to talk to sometimes. I mean yeah, I have my boyfriend, but I cant rely on just one person. Before I got sent off, I had so many friends. I wasn't popular or anything, but I had people who cared about me, you know? If I was upset I could call up nearly anyone in my phone book and theyd talk to me if not come over. But your friends really deteriorate when you've been in and out of mental hospitals 10 times. I've been in residential three times, I've wasted a whole year of my life combined with how many times I've been sent away.

I feel like Im Just babbling right now, but I dont know what to do. This past week has been absolute hell for me. I told my step dad I was suicidal and he told me to kill myself. The people who are supposed to care about me just basically shook their heads when I told them that he said this. I feel so alone and I just want someone to be nice to me. 