I feel unloved by my family, and it leads to a lot of "dark" thoughtsI feel unloved by my family (mostly my mother).


My whole life, i've been wanting to be praised by my mother, for anything. But she tends to ignore me. Ever since my sister was born, i just feel like i've been replaced. I've posted about this before, so if you check here (https://www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/80ta7o/my_mother_showed_heavy_favoritism_to_my_younger/), you'll see the full list. Thinking about my childhood has always caused me to go into a spell of depression.


No matter what, it seemed like my sister was always better, that i wasn't good enough. I've been told to "get over it" by many people, but i just can't.


And to top it off, i'm nothing but a burden on them. I had an injury last year, and it has severely limited my mobility, and i have difficulties taking care of myself, so they have to take care of me. I can't work, i have no friends, i just feel i have nothing going for me. My whole family likes my sister better, no matter what they always take her side, lavish her with gifts and praise. But, when i need something, i ask and beg, and they can't seem to lift a finger to help me.


But, the incident that kind of pushed me far into taking my own life, was a few days ago, i know it may sound petty and insignificant to some, but it means a lot to me. (my sister moved in with my dad about 4 years ago, but about 4 month ago i moved in with him, due to my injury, he was able to take care of me better, (his new girlfriend is a nurse, and he got me involved in a gym). Before i moved, i got a new cell phone, gave her my number, for the first couple days, i called her everyday. And before i hung up, i would always tell her "Call anytime", anyway after a few days, it occured to me, i've always been the one to call her, so i did a little experiment, i stopped calling and decided to see if she'd call me. Days turned to weeks, weeks turned into a month and half!


At first, i assumed she was just busy. So, i asked my sister if she'd heard from mom. She told me mom's called her quite frequently, i was in complete shock, because not only had mom not called, she hadn't texted me, messaged me on facebook, or anything. I felt awful, and a couple days later, she called my sister. She put it on speaker, i talked to her a bit, and asked why she hadn't called me, she said she didn't have my number, but i've given it to her multiple times, and to make it worse, we had been talking over my sister's speaker phone, at the end of the conversation, she said "I love you (sister's name), i was about to tell her i loved her, but she hung out. She just can't take 5 minutes out of her day to call me.


But, i found something that did bring me some happiness, it's the free mason's lodge. (it's basically an exclusive club, it's hard to explain). I went for a meet and greet and to turn in my application, for the next 30 minutes, people, complete strangers came to talk to ME. Not my sister, but me. I felt so much joy from it, it was hard to hold back tears, because for once people actually cared about me and who i was. That night, i came home and found out mom had been planning to take my sister to lunch for something, they've been planning for a while, i overheard mom and sister on the phone, and they were talking about it. I asked mom if i could come to, she actually said yes, so the whole car ride, i'm trying to tell her about the mason's club, i just kept getting "oh, that's nice", like she didn't even care. She was more focused on talking about my sister's new boyfriend.
 

I feel like i've been replaced, it's weird, i had an epiphany sort of, thinking of this i was looking in my father's bedroom, and something caught my eye. My father is an avid hunter, so he has a decent collection of hunting rifles and handguns, so i know it would be easy to take my own life. I've been thinking about it a lot, i feel like if i kill myself, my mom will have more time for my sister, and won't have to worry about me just getting in the way.


It just feels like my mom cares more about my sister more then me.