I’m socially isolated and it feels too late to fix it.I (24f) was severely depressed through most of junior high and high school. I made friends easily but lost them just as quickly when they realized how depressing I was to be around. I also have social anxiety and always declined any offers to hang out outside of school/work. So after high school I didn’t really know how to socialize with people my age and just kept to myself. I didn’t go to college (I did actually but I kept dropping out a couple weeks into the semester due to anxiety/depression). I mostly just worked all the time or helped my mom with her home daycare. I lived with my parents until I was 22. Now I have coworkers that I’m friendly with, but no actual group of friends. Or even one real friend. I just have a lot of people I’m friendly acquaintances with. It’s depressing. I live with my sister (20f) and she has friends over constantly. It’s honestly embarrassing that she has people in and out of our apartment all the time and all I ever do is sit in my room and watch tv or play on my phone. And they all know it. I said something to my sister about telling my friends something and she jokingly replied “what friends?” I saw the guilt cross her face right after she said it as she realized it’s not a joke and I literally have 0 friends. 

It feels too late at this point to make a group of close friends. Even just 2-3 people is all I want but I don’t think it’s possible. Everyone already has their circle. I don’t even have one friend to introduce me to new people. And I think about going out to meet people, but I honestly don’t even know what people my age do or talk about anymore. I have no stories to relate to anyone because this has been going on so long. I’ve done nothing with my life.

I don’t know. I’m fucking. Depressed. I can hold a conversation. I’m kind of funny. I don’t think people in my life would guess that I feel this way. Like extended family that barely sees me probably assume I have a lot of friends. But I honestly don’t know how to connect with people beyond small talk. I don’t know how to fix this.