Peace out, Good luck.Dear you,

I just wanted someone to know my story.
Since the suicide note I left my family is far more simple.
it's more like "soz lads, seya lata dnt 4get ur toilet papur".(kappa)
On Wednesday the 06/07/2016 at around 9pm I will be dead, this time I'm jumping off a cliff so it's pretty ensured. (DO A FLIP!)
By the pictures it looks like it has a beautiful view.

So I am a 21 year old female from Australia. 
I'm not pretty or smart, I have no talents nor am I a good person. 
I loved League of Legends, Overwatch, Halo and The Ocarina of the time is the best Zelda game.
I'm a fucking loser who enjoys listening to shitty music and pretending I'm "one of the boys".
Even though everyone fucking knows I'm not and I'll never be on their level.

My reason for finally ending it this time is that I'm too broken to fix. {Insert emo ass music here pft}
When I was about 10 I tried to jump off a balcony knowing that I would die and it'd fix all my problems. I did this because I was tired of being sexually abused, mentally abused and physically abused. I'm in some child porno somewhere on the internet so that shit lasts forever. By physically abused I don't mean "omg my mem hit me for throwing my iphone at someone" I literally mean that my step mother would beat the fuck out of me then bash me even more smashing my head against windows because I would bleed, I still remember the feeling of grabbing the steel grid under my bed and pulling my body so just I wouldnt get beat again for being alive. I don't blame my step mother for her cuntish behaviour, after all she was a kid (like 19) herself when she came to a new country just to have 3 kids shoved in her face, she was probably raised the same way.

My second attempt was when I was around 14 or 15. My mother moved to America with her new Husband and my father had his new family, so my brother sister and I had no place to go. We moved into an apartment, run only by us children. My brother was a total fucking cunt at that age, and with no parental supervision or guidance all of us were fucked. I probably only went to school a few times that year. I don't know what stopped me from jumping in front of those train tracks, but I ended up at a friends house and they treated me like family it hurt so much. I was probably using them. I didn't expect people noticed I went missing and after my cousin told me that I was a missing person I told him where I was, after all I'm not a real cause for drama and the police losing time over.

My Third attempt was when I was 18 I tried to swallow a bottle of pills, I had just lost my job in America, a country where I only went to protect my mother who was being abused by some low life fuck only to get kicked out as soon as I turnt 18. I lived in the ghetto. I earned 8.75 an hour for a high stress job, I worked 6 days a week worked from 5am to 7pm with an hour break, I ate mc donalds every fucking day because I had no time. And worst of all I dropped out of university, which I wouldve graduated soon. That is what broke me the most. I always had a plan, I'm going to get into the art industry, go to uni, finish when I was 18 and move to Japan to live in some small shitty apartment in Ikebukuro, and that wouldn't matter because I'd be happy anyway. My body ended up rejecting the amount of pills I had taken and all I did was throw up, pretty picture. That's the closest I came to dying, it was kinda weird, I wasn't attached to my body at all or at least it felt like it. It was almost like I was watching myself die, until I threw up that it. I ended up reaching out to my mum, she said I could move back in with her, only to be told a few days later to go kill myself. That's when I wanted to try again and told my sister goodbye this time, but she told me to come back to Australia and wasted all her money on a plane ticket for my useless ass. I'll never forget that.

I never got to get to my fourth attempt, I had moved in my a friend and her cute family who I was also probably using being the shit I am. They sent me to hospital. I never want to go back.

My dad is back in my life and he is trying, and I love him so much but it sucks knowing that you're wasting peoples times constantly. It feels so bad. I feel so sorry for him. My mother hates me and I don't blame her she wasted money on bringing me up only to be some fucking useless twat. 
My sister is nice but she'd be better off without me and my brother hates me it's pretty obvious, I also don't blame him.

Okay so logically, emotions aside I feel like suicide is beneficial to my society.
(I'm pretty sure playing video games all day isn't helping anyone other than myself.)
I can't work, properly socialise or preform any activities that help others.

With out my life: Government doesn't have to pay for me to live, friends don't have to bother with suspecting that I don't like them because I'm bad at communicating and family doesn't have to give a single fuck about a lost cause anymore.

I have a home, I have food, I have a bed, I have internet, I have electricity, I have opportunity for education but what I don't have is the fucking logic to appreciate any of it and stop being a little bitch.

Hence why I, just another fucking dead loser have justified my suicide! 
I don't have anyone to tell this to so I guess I'll just leave it here for you to laugh at.

Regardless;
I wish you all the best in life, and I hope you can be happy.
I know that there are a bunch of you out there who can actually make it and not pussy out of life like me. 

From, 
Just another dead person.