Thinking of going to impatient tonightHi there guys, if anyone could lend me an ear right now, I'd greatly appreciate it and any advice you can give. For the past month I've started getting treatment for depression and suicidal thoughts. My depression and suicidal tendencies started when I was ten and wanted to hang myself from my ceiling fan. After 11 yrs of suffering in silence I finally reached out for help in Septemeber and have been recieving aid. Things have started going better expect for tonight when I hit rock bottom again. 
Long story short, I'm in a REALLY bad place right now and I am considering checking myself into inpaient, I know I need help which is why I started talking to a doctor a few months ago but holy shit man, how I feel right now it torture. I should be fucking happy, things are finally starting to go well in my life, I'm happy with who I'm becoming, and damn I'm even talking to a girl, possibly going on a date on Thursday! Then all of a sudden tonight hits, I start to fucking binge eat (I've lost over 150lbs but have been binge eating a  lot the past two weeks, really not helping me, but sadly very bad habit of mine that still seems to be present). I also started drinking and I swear, in order for me to finish up my last year in my degree, I'm going to have to become a fucking alcoholic or I'll shoot my brains out.
I'm highly considering checking myself into an impaitent ward at a nearby hospital tonight, I already packed a duffle bag with some cloths and books incase I really need to go. I'm worried however that I have work tomorrow morning, what will happen if I stay there throughout tomorrow and don't go to work; what if my work finds out I wasn't in because I was in a mental ward. I'm a decent employee, have never missed work or been late; heck if I'm even a few minutes late they get worried and call me, concerned about my safety or if something horrible has happened because they know it's not like me to be late unless something super serious has happened. Likewise, I'm also a full time student and I'll miss class if I stay in for more than two days; at the same time I've been missing class for the past week because things have gotten pretty messed up in my head. Thirdly, I'm worried about not being allowed to leave or text this girl I'm planning on going on a date with. I've never dated anyone before and for the first time, I'm truly interested in someone and I want to get to know her, spend time with her and just spend an evening with her. I'm worried if I check myself in, they won't let me contact her tomorrow even just to see how her day is going and I would hate for her to think I'm avoiding or standing her up, espcially if they don't let me leave by Thursday. There's just so many unknowns if I check myself in tonight.
Anyway, do any of you guys know what impatient is like? What could happen if my work finds out or if I don't show up tomorrow? What I should bring with me in case I do check in and any other advice you guys can think of.

TLDR: Impatient for depression/suicide/ severe binge eating, what is it like, what can I expect if I want to leave, what should I bring if I decide to go tonight.