How can we get of the sink holeI (M21) think i got a pretty good life. I've got a bunch of friends, a family that I'm either not to far or to close with them, got some average grade at school, got an average jobs, got some life project but not to many, got some passion but I'm not crazy about them either. The only thing that I think I lack is relationship. 

But that's driving me crazy. I know deep deep inside that it's only a question of time until I become alone. All my friend are the anti-social type and they are all over 24 so they all slowly start ton enter the 30. Even now (before covid-19) my only social activity are 2 D&amp;D game a week. I don't said that bad but, that not how I will meet someone new.

I have also try online meeting but I don't have enough sex-appel to make myself a play on that scene. And don't ask for the bar, even if I'm a big fan of craft beer, my friend aren't the social type so I always end up going alone a the bar. but that no big of a problem, I know a lot of people thanks of being a taxi driver in my little town for 15 months. so when I go to the bar a lots of people come talk to me for like 10 to 15 minutes  and after they pass to another call. At the end, I always end up alone at the counter with my beer. 

In result, I've got a lot of time to think about myself, and that never a good thing when your depress. In those introspection moment I've came to one conclusion. All the thing I do, I do them to kill some time, forgot that I'm alone, preventing myself to think. I've recently observe that I lissent to music so loud that it prevent myself to think. All the thing I do are to make tome go faster until I die. I'm not even capable of enjoying them on the long terme. And if I lose them, it doesn't bother me that much. 

Sadly, the only reason that I haven't kill myself a this hour and date is because I'm in the ''mom would cry'' phase. And that just a phase. The days when it will pass, will probably be my last one. 

That crazy because lot of people are in a way worst position that me but they are way happier than me because they have fate. Fate in their future ''Maybe some day it will get better''. And I know that the good way of thinking but my fking over logical ass keep saying myself that my chance are as high than a loto ticket and all people should know that believing in our lotto chance is a one moment trip, not a way of living. But at the same time, that the good way of thinking because that the way to stay alive. And I understand that too, but I'm always tear between those two and that so exhausting. 

I just wanna go to sleep and never wake up.