I'm not a good person, and I don't deserve to be alive     The title says it all: I'm not a good person, and I don't deserve to be alive.
     Almost 3 years ago, I rear naked choked my then fiance until unconsciousness. I felt either her soul start to pass through my body, or something reach through the back of me into her and start to pull her soul through me and away from her body. This feeling snapped me out of the bipolar frenzy I was in, and I saw that her face was light purplish blue. I thought I had killed her. I laid her down on the carpet, cradling her head, trying to lightly shake her, and she started having a Grand Mal seizure. I was whimpering and crying, the kind of crying a father who never cries does when he walks in on a son that's just hung himself. I cried because I thought I had killed the woman I love. After coming to, she made me promise that I get on meds and go to therapy. I told her I would, and that I would never stop them. Due to financial reasons, I have had to stop the therapy 2 years ago, yet I still take the medicine.
     After she left the day of the incident, I've never seen her again or spoken to her on the phone, and after 2 months went by of her making sure I was doing therapy and counseling through text, I never heard from her again. From my point of view, it was like I had actually killed her: I harmed her, and due to that harm I never was able to see her again. (I tried reaching out, but she did not respond back).
     Over the next year, I lived off my savings, running until my feet hurt then running some more, reading anger management and self help books, and just existed. As the one year anniversary approached, my grief grew again in me, and I decided to take my own life by driving between two local highway bridges that are very tall and plummeting to the valley below. I called a family member, told them I was done, and then turned off my phone. Three miracles happened that night: my phone didn't actually turn off, my friend who of all things is a PhD candidate in psychology called me OUT OF THE BLUE (my family does not know his number), and when I went to ignore the call it answered the call instead. I drove for 2 hours straight while talking to him, going past my planned spot and ended up in another state. I checked myself in for a 72 hour hold, and when I talked to the staff there I smiled as I thought of my death. Over the next 3 days, I started to put the pieces of my life back together with the help of the wonderful team there.
     Since then, I have spent the last almost 2 years implementing new habits and healthy structures into my life: I'm running long distance almost 30 miles a week, I eat better, I read every night, I have a job that I'm working on a career with, I'm better in touch and a better person toward my friends family coworkers and strangers, and in general just trying to put the pieces back together. But I can't forgive myself. Her and I have a mutual friend, and that friend tells me that "if she hated you, she would have prosecuted you." But I still hate myself for what I did. I hate myself for the porn addiction that I still have, the same objective behaviors and thought patterns that allowed me to look at a woman I intended to marry as a piece of meat that belonged to me.
     This isn't about suicide: I've already resigned myself to my fate. I'll be dead one day 40 years from now of old age, and this weight will be lifted from me. In the meantime, I won't let myself off easy and destroy the souls of my family and friends by taking an early short cut. I can't do that to her either, though I'm sure she would understand why. I NEVER want to chance my ex blaming herself even one small amount for my suicide, even if she still hates me for what I did. I'll smile and nod and try my hardest to look happy on the outside. But everyday I will know what I've done. Every day I look in the mirror I see a guy who did something that only belongs in a war zone.
     The reason I'm posting here is because: I know how to keep going every day. I know how to make myself a more productive and better person. But I don't know how to HEAL. I don't want to die; I just want this anguish to end. What's the point of her letting me be free that day if my soul remains broken? I don't know what the hell I'm doing anymore. I'm very lost and confused.
     I don't expect pity. I WANT your honest words. I NEED to hear the TRUTH. I don't care what the rules say: I NEED the tough love. But PLEASE, give me something I can use too. Give me something I can implement to make my heart heal.