Don't really need your help.Hello reddit. Like the title says, I don't really need your help or suggestions to call someone. Let me tell you a bit about myself. I'm a girl, 21 years of age, gay, Middle Eastern, and I come from a fairly abusive and poor family. My father is an alcoholic who used to beat my mother pretty regularly in front of me and my brothers when we were growing up. In turn, my mother beat us as well because she had no way of coping with her pain and anger cause no one was there to listen to hers. I don't necessarily blame her, I just wish it wasn't so bad all the time. I tried to commit suicide at the age of 11 by ingesting about 25+ Tylenol pills, but alas, I couldn't hold it down, threw up, and passed out. I did the same thing at 12, unfortunately, with the same results. I started cutting at 14 til about 16, until my mother found out and her words were, and I quote, "I don't care what you do to yourself." She's always denied that I have needed her emotionally, saying that I should just give it time and I'll be better...or to think about happier things. She would tell me stories about how when she was pregnant with my older brothers, how my father would kick her in the stomach until she fainted, or how she had to jump through a window in order to save my little brothers life who was in her stomach. Needless to say, I had a pretty horrible image of my family, and to be honest, I thought it was normal. That led me into a string of pretty abusive relationships with other women, who in turn mind-fucked me into thinking I'm worthless, and to be honest, it's not as if my family wasn't already way ahead of the curve. I started cutting again this year, when I made a close friend and continuously disappointed her. She doesn't know about it, and I don't intend to tell her. Anyone who cuts knows it's a way to transfer emotional pain into physical. I started selling my body for money to men when I was 19 years old to pay for school and books, along with having a full-time job. My family couldn't afford it, and even when they could, they would blow it on things like cars for my brothers or to pay off their student loans. I was always deemed as worthless, and honestly, I wish I knew why because I would do anything to fix it. 

Quite recently, I graduated top of my class from UC Berkeley with a degree in Economics and English Literature. My family disowned me this past month and I have about $200 to my name to pay rent and get food for the upcoming months. I've been taking medication for my severe migraines that I got this year, which make everything worse. I've been going through a string of interviews with companies, but honestly, my hope is dwindling incredibly fast. 

I lost my friendship with my friend, and to be honest, she doesn't need the stress I put on her by not being quite happy all the time. She says I'm too depressed, and it's true. I am. So, pretty much, I live alone in a city with no one to talk to and no family. I guess, growing up I always kind of knew it would be this way, but I didn't realize how much it would really take away from you or how much it would hurt. 

So, reddit, I'm here to wrap up unfinished business and tidy up my apartment and get everything nice and clean before taking my life. I still have a lot of prescription medication left and alcohol is pretty easy to purchase. Hopefully, a coma should do the trick.

Honestly, reddit, thank you for making me laugh on those days when I really needed it, but I can't really live like this anymore.

I really wish I was different.