Waiting for my death to come. It will happen soon or later, anyway.I'm disgusted of my whole life.

I'm almost 20 years old, and I don't do anything of my fucking days. Ohh wait.. Yes I do.. » Timewaste. 
 I realy think I'm one of the 500k's most retarded people in this planet:
 I'm a worthless retard, I don't deserve anything from life, I'm that kind of guy who hopes his entire life that tomorrow will be better, but sadly for me, tomorrow's are only shittier. 
----
I never honoured my family, I'm never going to do something usefull for our civilisation (waiit... my death will be usefull for some, I guess...), I'm totaly LOST.

3/4 of my life was (still is) tasteless, never realy been happy, and never will be, because I'm dumb as shit, ugly, disgusting, and I'm what these "normies" calls » weird/crazy/retard as fuck.

I'm tired of life in this Earth.. We live in a planet with a fucking incurable cancer on it's surface: 
Human civilisation.
Our Earth is full of suffer, misery, wars, racism, » RETARDED brainwashed peoples (b/w with shitty Internet{facebook, twitter, hurdur youtube buzz herp shit buket chalenge pls..}, TV, School, News, and all sort of doctrines). We are like "Robot_Sheeps". 

-----
I did school from 4 to 12 years old. Secondary school from 12 to 15. Stop'd studies because of shitty life problems (home/family shitty problems and mental health probleme » social anxiety, depression, ...)
Finnaly joined a "special class school" when I was 17.. but I was in a "IDGAF" mood period, also was too dumb for school, sooo... got fired less than 6 months after joining this "special class school". Fuck it.. back in these days, I didn't liked school more than this anyways.

----
I lost what "normal people" call the best years of a nowadays Human life:
Isolated myself from the society: from 12 to 17 years old.. At school, I was the hated-weirdo faggot, people (lil'retards) often maked fun of me, (and still do) for being really different and for various other reasons. 
If I isolated myself back on these days, it was for simple reasons like the ones said previously, and because I was very shy and socialy anxious too (still am shy/retard/weird/crazy/anxious).

----
Back in my 17's, I tried to make some friends irl, did some illegal shits (not only for this reason..), and got isolated again... btw, on this period of my life, I thought I finaly had real friends, but I just illusioned myself to think so.. anyways, finaly learnt that I'm too retarded to have any social relationship.
At the end, this period of my life just fucked me up. It fucked me more than I already was...

----
Can't fucking act "normaly" with my family, my parents are like.. depressed with me, I'm a miserable fucktard, I don't even know how to act "normaly" with my own fucking family, even my little sister don't likes me.. 
I'm sad for them, I am the cancer of my family.

----
Never had any 'real friends. Never had any girlfriend (never will, for obvious reasons..).
I don't have any good social skills, even If I had the "courage" to talk with someone, I'd be fast "weird/not 'normal' _zoned".

---- 
I can't do anything realy interesting anymore, I wasted so much time for nothing, I didn't learnt anything which could help me today, for professional purposes (like a programming language.. 
I could be a very good programmer 'today, If only I had the brain/mental health to learn it before..

My entire life is wasted. 'Everything feels a timewaste, I don't have any hope anymore, all my simple dreams, all my hopes for my future.. They all got fucked up with the time. I'm like ruined, don't have any job/money/skills, and I'm not gonna do a shitty job that I don't like just to earn a shitty pay to live. 
That's the problem, If I don't do what I want to do (and now, I simply can't do it), not gonna do something else. I'm not the kind of person who will do a shitty job that he don't likes only to win money because there is no other choice.. I simply don't give a fuck about the money, If I don't do what I fucking like/love to do, I'll do NOTHING else.

----
Here it is, the short story of another worthless guy who will die anonymously, one day or another... Life on Earth.... what a joke for many.. what a dream for some.


(Sorry for my bad English writting, unfortunately it's not my native language).