Venting to strangers again 😔Sometimes I think about why I'm still here. It's not like I want to die, I just wish I could make everything better.

I can't seem to focus on anything and I have no willpower left, so my grades in high school are really bad. I'm failing most of my classes and I don't want to drop out but I'm so sick and tired of constantly thinking about school. Whatever I do I always have school at the back of my mind. My anxiety is also really bad so I often find myself falling asleep around 1-2 in the morning after thinking about what could happen if I fail school.

I'm only in freshman year and I know I still have time to turn things around, but I'm so close to killing myself. I don't only think about school but I often think about the future and what will happen if I don't become successful. My mom refuses to get a job because of her mental health and refuses to see a therapist. I don't want to become her but I can feel myself deteriorating when I'm around her. It doesn't feel like home with her around and there's nowhere else I can stay. I considered running away a few times but I know that wouldn't help anyone especially since I'd be putting my kitty in danger by taking him with (he's basically my emotional support animal lol). I talked to my aunt about this many times but nothing is going to change until my mom changes and at this point she probably never will. I'm still always being treated like I'm 5 and I can't start taking art commissions because she won't let me. She's probably afraid that her 15 year old daughter is going to become more successful than her...

It also seems like whenever something good happens or when I forget about school for the first time in my life something/someone has to ruin it. I don't remember the last time I ever felt truly happy.

I'm starting therapy later this month so hopefully I might feel some tingle of happiness but probably not. 

I'm not going to kill myself yet though... But it's an option I guess.

Thanks for reading💞