Giving up...I'm a man in his 30's. In the last 3 months, my entire life has fallen apart. My wife left me, accusing me of abuse (untrue - if anything she had been emotionally abusing me for years). It was a bad breakup. She was hurtful and spiteful. The fallout of my marriage resulted in my arrest on pretty serious charges (which I will decline to disclose here - they are nonviolent) and also the loss of my job. All of this happened over the course of about a month. I was hospitalized twice over this time for being a threat to myself.

My family has rallied around me big time. After I was arrested and subsequently hospitalized the second time, and after the loss of my job, my siblings hopped on planes/cars and came to be with me. My father opened his home to me. Eventually, I moved in with my mother. They have all been there for me. They have all spent substantial amounts of money to support me physically, emotionally/mentally, and legally.

But, I lost everything, and I don't want to live. Chances are extremely high that I will be going to prison. I never hurt anyone - my charges are nonviolent. I have spent the last couple months essentially laying in bed. I have no friends, and no hobbies left. I get no pleasure from anything. I don't want to go to prison, especially knowing that if/when I got out, I would never be able to rebuild my life in the way I'd want.

I desperately want to die. I've already made my choice to do so, but I haven't gone through with it yet because I feel guilty about my family. I absolutely have no desire to live, but I don't want to hurt them. I have no intention of going to prison, but my family doesn't understand my choice. I've explained my feelings to them, and they just keep telling me to hold on and there is a glimmer of hope in the future. I don't see it. I have had a difficult life, finally building a happy existence for myself only to watch it collapse all around me. I know I can not build anything like that again in the future - not as a mentally ill felon. I have a plan, but I feel like I need to make my family understand my choice before I go through with it.