Found out ex attempted suicide by overdose after she called me. She's in ICU after I called emergency services even though she was against it. I don't want her to be upset with me. What can I do for when she recovers and to prevent her from doing it again?I'm so sorry this is long and detailed. 

She was my work colleague for 2 months before she moved on and I got to know her properly. We were together for almost 3 years and left on really good terms. We left because we knew it was too much work for both of us - I'm Christian and part-Palestinian, she's Jewish and part-Israeli. We were so deep in the relationship but also hesitant. Hesitant because of our family's reaction to our sexuality, religious and ethnic backgrounds. But I went into it because I knew there was a chance for a long term relationship - both of us worked in London and far away from our families who live outside the city.

She's Cambridge educated and one of the brightest and quickest minds in one of the most difficult and prestigious careers you could get into. So, my mind told me I didn't need to check on her all those months - she was definitely doing well after moving on from me and finding someone else. 

She placed a missed call yesterday morning and I called back later that night to check why. I was anxious to pick up because her call meant something serious. She told me she called to hear my voice and apologise for telling me we couldn't work out.


I knew something was up so tried to stay as calm as possible. I told her it was lovely to hear from her, asked her where she was, if anyone was with her etc. and she told me she was alone in her flat, she apologised for calling earlier and that she was just dealing with a small overdose. I knew I had to get her medical attention . We finished the call without me telling her I was driving to her flat.

I got to her flat and told her I just wanted to see her, to speak to her. She let me in and we were so quiet. Nobody spoke for about 15 minutes, until I noticed she was getting off the sofa and I just went up to her and held her really tight. I didn't want her to leave, I didn't want her to go out of my sight for a second. I knew I had to be extra careful with my words to get her to come with me to the hospital. We sat talking about everything for a good 4 or so hours and I could tell she was in visible pain. I tried to be as subtle as possible, told her let's go together and check on you, just a quick check to see what's going on but it'll ultimately be your choice whether you want that treatment or not. She told me she wouldn't go, that she just wanted to wait at home for everything to end. We were silent for a while after she said that. I felt like I fucked up with my words because she didn't budge. I left her flat and just sat in the car, I couldn't just sit at home and let it happen. I walked back to her flat a few hours later, called emergency services and begged for her to come, just for a check up and somehow convinced her when they arrived.

I don't know what to do, I could only call those who knew about our relationship (all but one are outside the city), so I have almost no physical support. I've not slept in so long and called in sick for work today. What do I do if she gets upset with me? What can I do to help prevent this being repeated in the future? Please just anything you think helped you or someone you know. 