What's the point of living this life...I can't do it anymore. 
Last year i somehow managed to get to college with my exams' results. I didnt even pass the 1st term. Not sure if the cause were my mental health problems or fact that i'm useless and cant even keep my life together. When i got back home, i had to get a job, cuz my mother won't keep a "parasite" at home. I was working 10 hrs of hard physical labour daily for over half of year (tho cuz of my mental health problems i could barely manage to complete simplest things). Everything i wanted was end of it. I somehow got into college, and now im one fucking assignment away from passing this 1 st term. I didnt know how to do it, so i paid some1 who i thought was competent to do it. I ended up only wasting money, i still have to complete it. I have 3 days left, but I cant get myself to do anything, even trivial things. I dont care about any social life. Most of the time i cant focus on anything i;m just living day by day wasting time. Sometimes i got so much afraid of different things that i cant even get out of bed or shift my focus onto different things. Going for useless degree in field which is not interesting for me at all is bad, but i would do anything to not get back to my home and to my mother which . Maybe i should end this right now, but of course i don;t even have money for basic things. I looked up my options few times. Med used for euthanasia is too expensive for me. Shooting myself in the head is out of question. If i cut my veins it's gonna take too long to die, someone may find me. Best bet would be alcohol + sleeping pills but right now i dont even have money for food (not that i care about eating properly, but on the other hand i'll spend carelessly when i get any money). I'm so useless. There's no single thing i'm good at. No thing that can give me the smallest amount of money to get through life. I dont care how i look like, i dont even shave or really care about my hygiene. No woman in the world will even want to be with such a failure as me. I don't know why i kept thinking that maybe meeting the right person will change something. It just wont happen. Nothing will ever change, maybe i'll somehow get the courage to get at least one thing done well in this worthless life.