Help with SO who is suicidalHi guys, I am in a tough place right now. 

Quick background on me: I have moderate-severe clinical depression. Earlier this year I went to the ER twice for suicidal ideation; before that I had stopped eating and sleeping for three days at a time. I self-harmed every day. My symptoms are *completely managed* by now with meds and therapy and I no longer have suicidal thoughts. 

I just started dating someone (trans nonbinary, assigned female at birth) who has depression and suicidal thoughts that don't enter the planning/methods level of detail, which is good. 

I am struggling because my SO refuses to consider medication for reasons that aren't medically accurate, and relies on me to be their "antidepressant." (I make them feel good when we see each other.) Obviously, I understand how awful depression is and knew that going into this relationship, but my SO's refusal to get medical care for their depression/using me to make themselves feel better is really starting to take a toll on my own mental health. 

They got upset at me (over text) when I said I couldn't meet this weekend because I have midterms this next week (I am in a very involved premed program). 

They live about 90 minutes away, so most of our communication is via text/video calls. A couple nights ago we had this exchange: 

SO: I want to die 

me: Do you think you're going to hurt yourself tonight? 

SO: I'm already hurting myself 

me (at this point, shaking because I am upset and afraid they're attempting suicide/self-harming): How? 

SO: I'm trying to write an essay, I can't type both. 

A similar scenario has gone down a couple times; my SO saying they want to die/"end my suffering"/"end me" and then when I try to figure out what's going on, I'm called a "nerd" or told "stop worrying about me" (harshly) or even just ignored. One time, they said they wanted to kill themselves, I responded saying something like, there are other ways to make the pain get better, what can I do for you, and was met with "what are you going to do if I kill myself, spank me?" 

That message honestly made me sick to my stomach. 

I really care about this person but this is taking a serious toll on me. I understand what it's like to be in that dark, awful place but I feel like I'm being played with, especially with the suicidal comments that, when I inquire about them, I am met with sarcasm or teasing. It is hurting me. I have had the urge to self harm multiple times since I got into this relationship and have had to ban myself from going to certain places where I could obtain the means to do so. 

What should I do, you guys? I don’t know what is going on, I don’t know if my SO is being serious or messing with me, I don’t know how worried I need to be if their thoughts never enter the planning stage, and I don’t know if I should stay with them if this continues—not because they have depression, but because they won’t address it, against the advice of numerous medical professionals. 
We’ve only been together a month. I really like them and am willing to be there for support, but I’m not an antidepressant. I’m a person with needs and a history of severe depression. I really don’t want to fall back into hurting myself. Please help me figure out how to navigate this. 
