I Have Everything Going For Me Except MeI have a wonderful spouse and a good-paying job.  


But I'm intensely unhappy. I'm fine (not content, but not overly sad) for about a month, but then I got into a dive. Each dive is 1-2 weeks in duration, and I eventually have to find a new hobby that gives me enough dopamine to pull me out of it. I have to tell myself some kind of lie like (this is my new calling) to protect my fragile ego from it's utter small and valueless existence.  


It's bad because each dive is worse than the previous. I've always thought of suicide as selfish and people ought to just own up and see a therapist if things get bad, but now I understand. Every sink gets worse. This time I've started thinking that hanging myself would be cool (literally cold and refreshing) and serene. You would pass out and then die peacefully. Might wind up in hell though, wouldn't that be a twist? End it all just for it to be worse on the other side.  


During this dive I experimented with choking myself with a scarf to see if it would hurt. It was uncomfortable but it did not hurt. It was actually a little funny because the pressure made my face look chubby in the mirror.  


In college people really liked me and I road tripped often. But everyone graduates and moves out of this shitty town, except me.  


And that's part of the problem. There's nothing left. I walked on the campus today but it's not fun without friends. My spouse is a great person but very different from me and I have to be the fun one.  


We don't have a good social network. GOD, FRIENDS WOULD SOLVE ALL THIS SHIT OVERNIGHT. But people suck, the few people in town just leave me on read, and their unreliability is not worth my attention.  


I want to get a job where I am respected and listened to, and I want to move to a place where I can make friends in a town that supports hobbies I enjoy.  


I don't want to see shrink because I don't want them to 'win'. I also have never made my own doctor's appointment and HR person at my work is a total bitch and I don't have anyone to ask about the insurance. Plus I just don't have the motivation.   


For Christ sake, I took today off work so that I could apply to jobs in a low-pressure environment, but I was too crippled by psychological angst.  


I am a very funny and creative person, but I'm in 0, FUCKING ZERO social circles where people appreciate me. Everyone thinks my energy is annoying. I go to work in a cubicle every day. My boss checks in maybe once a week. There is no natural light. I have no social hobbies. It's been this way for almost 3 years. I just want to die. Every time I try to help myself I just can't do it. AND THATS THE FIRST STEP ISN:T it???? But I can't even do that. I just clam up and go into a very disgusting self-loathing rage and imagine violent things for myself.