Life is horrible and you can't change my mindI'm a 23 old guy. I live in a good and supporting family in decent conditions, my parents care about me, I have really close friends, I don't have problems with women. I have everything to be able to make the most out of my life. Except that I hate it with all my heart.

Been dealing with depression and really bad anxiety all my life and I'm just tired of it. I have no goals, no purpose, no motivation. The only reason I'm still alive is that if I killed myself it would crush my parents. Literally nothing else. I owe them. They raised me well even though I feel I've been a huge burden for them both financially and emotionally. In spite of all that I tried to commit suicide twice. I was at my lowest and drunk as hell both times. So drunk that I just didn't care about anyone else. I told my parents a few months after my second try, and they have no reason to think that I won't try it again.

Someone with a healthy mind just doesn't think about suicide. It's just simply not an option for them. They have it in themselves, this instinct or whatever, that life is meant to be lived. For me it makes absolutely no sense. All the pain and struggle, it just isn't worth it. (and I live in better conditions than a lot of people)

Life is horrible. I'll try to explain why I think that. The following stories are a 100% real and are not for the faint of heart. You may be familiar with them but still you might want to skip this paragraph.

Picture a 21 year old girl who gets kidnapped, then imprisoned for 7 years, being tortured and raped regularly. For a few years she's kept in a box under a bed for 23 hours a day, and the kidnappers only let her out to feed and torture her. She was living in hell for 7 years.  
Picture a mother whose daughter goes missing never to be found again. One day she gets a letter from an unknown man, describing in details how he killed and ate her child.

Let's pretend that everyone in the world lives a f\*\*\*ing happy life except for one, who lives in hell. Could you say that life is good? I couldn't. And the fact is, unbelievable amount of s\*\*\* like this happens in the world. Just stop for a moment and think about that someone is going through something like that RIGHT NOW. Is life good? Those who say it is just don't have any empathy imo.

I refuse to close my eyes and pretend that none of this is real and life is all beautiful and stuff. No, it's not.   
Lately I feel like I'm getting closer and closer to the end. Never had this feeling before, this is something else. I feel like I'm doomed and there's no turning back from here. Right now I don't think I'll live to see 2020. I don't want to be healed. I don't want to be cured of my depression, I don't even think it's possible. I just want to get so low emotionally that I won't think about the pain I might cause to others and try to end it all again. I know the third time I will succeed. 3 is my lucky number.