This might be the end.I'm 28 and I've worked every kind of job you can without having a degree. I feel like I have nowhere to go and nothing to make my life easier. I don't know what I should be doing with my life. All I would like is to not have to worry about bills. I have extreme anxiety that has started to get to the point that I call out of work or turn around as soon as I get into the parking lot. I cry sometimes angry at myself because I know how badly I need the money but I just can't make myself go in. I wake up and start dreading what the day will bring. Often to the point that I get sick to my stomach from the worry. On top of all that my boyfriend whom I live with also has a rare disease that causes him to go through large periods of not being able to get around or work. I do my best to help take care of him and get him back and forth from the hospital when he needs it. Because of my anxiety and his constant medical issues I can barely pay bills. I work at a mall. One with a really large parking garage. On my breaks (when I'm there) I sit on the ledge of the top floor and just think about how easy everything would be if I just leaned forward. 

I'm a strange case from what I read on the Internet. I guess I'm a high functioning person with depression and anxiety. Nobody would ever guess I'm dealing with this because I'm the bubbly happy person when I'm around everyone. But when I'm alone it all tears at my insides and eats me alive. 

 I'm a week maybe 2 away from probably having my phone cut off then I will start having to try to find something to pawn to maybe keep a roof over me and my boyfriends head. His family has helped us as much as they can and I don't speak to mine very often after getting kicked out at 17 for being gay. 

Life has just gotten to be way too much stress and bullshit. I feel like everything is out to get me. No matter how many friends I have or people that I love they can't take away all this shit that keeps happening to me. That ledge keeps sounding better and better. 