I don't really know how to start[I'm moving my post from the depression subreddit because I noticed that it's probably better here instead of there, as stated by the guidelines, which I should have read all of before posting. Sorry.]

I guess I kinda want to start by saying I know A LOT of people are depressed. I know how I feel is no different from so many others, and I even know some of those people who are like me did manage to get better. Yet for some reason, that info doesn't bring me any happiness. All I have is a sort of lost feeling.

In school I was always a below average student, the teachers always said I had "lots of potential but no drive". Which, let's be honest, they tell everyone that lol. Only the cruelest teachers don't, and I did have a few of those myself, but they just never acknowledged me. I graduated High School back in 2012, and I've yet to even sign up for college because frankly, I know I can't do it. I've lost all confidence in myself to excel in an such an environment, especially since as I mentioned, school was never something I was good at, or enjoyed.

I've tried my hand at a lot of other creative skills I used to love, but I always seem to fall short, though I admit it's because I quit too soon. However now I can't even enjoy art or writing anymore because I just remember how terrible I am at it. I've tried a couple of jobs, but again, I can't seem to commit. I'm terrified of people being disappointed in me. Since both jobs were pretty much given to me by my friends, I know very well what an idiot I was for missing a golden opportunity, one people my age shouldn't pass up no matter how little the pay was.

I live with my grandmother and mom, which is no surprise to you reading this by now. I'm a leech and I know by conversations I overhear her having with my aunt, my grandmother is disappointed in how I turned out. All she does is make me feel stupid when I talk to her because my Spanish is so broken and I'm too scared to try and pronounce some words without sounding like an idiot. My mother is a mess too, she works very hard at a job she hates and talks about killing herself whenever she's depressed or drunk. All that said, I love them with everything I am. They're my family, all I have, and I'm hurting them. Our financial issues are so bad, we're teetering on the brink of being out of a home in a few weeks because our landlord randomly decided to raise our rent.

So why have I waited so long? Well the only reasons I haven't killed myself yet is because of my friends and family. Another is my girlfriend. I've been told I have helped them all before, through something, anything. The only thing that keeps me going is helping them because they don't know how much they've helped me. But I've come to the conclusion, seeing all these people, they're so strong. Much stronger than me. They would have gotten through this without me, no doubt. They have other friends, they're good people, and they have strong wills. They didn't need me. But I need them.

And let's face it. They'll all move on eventually. I'm not sure this relationship with my girlfriend will last once she realizes who she's being anchored down with, and my friends will get sick and tired of my self pity nonsense. My family are already tired of me.

What's the point? When does this get better? When do I stop feeling this sharp pain that makes me want to stop breathing(excuse the melodrama)? I want to cry every week, happiness feels more like a distraction than an emotion, and it never lasts long. I just want to try and feel good about myself for once, but I always feel slower, weaker and lower than everyone around me. Everyone has some sort of talent, all my friends are artists, editors, musicians, or just hard workers in general, and I still don't even know how to drive a damn car at 21. My grandmother would never allow me to get on medication, and I'm against it myself. So what other option do I really have? Should I just wait till everyone stops caring like I expect, and then just kill myself somewhere far away just in case? I've thought so much about it, it scares me sometimes. Other times, I see it as a goal, which is refreshing since I can't remember the last time I thought I could actually accomplish one. I don't know what to do.

I'm sorry guys. This is a stupidly long one, a lot of other people have more serious problems than me, I just really wanted to vent. It won't help in the long run, but maybe I can find some peace for now. Thanks.