I'm just incredibly tired of being me.A bit of background. I'm a 25 year old male. I have little to no contact with my family. I became homeless at 16 to escape abuse and neglect at home. I was violently beaten on a regular basis from 4-12. Forced digging or breaking rocks was a common punishment. Usually under the sun and usually clad only in my underwear. Always while my mother screamed at me. My mother remarried when I was 12. I was mostly ignored from then on. They would occasionally forget to leave food in the house for me. I went 8 days on strictly water when they went on a road trip. Beatings were rare. I pushed my step father off of me one night and my mother hit me in my face with a hammer. I ran away that night. Remained homeless until the age of 21. 


I've never really known what it felt like to be loved. I had several realtionships. I've dated. I've managed to live a relatively normal appearing life thus far. I've never told anyone how I really feel below the surface. I have no problems simulating enjoyment and lying about how I feel. 

I live alone. I have my daughter on weekends. The time we spend together is pleasant for me. I'm constantly stressed but it is largely pleasant. I have no idea what I'm doing with her. I mostly just take her out on day trips and show her affection and try to keep her occupied. I'm her preferred parent. She is far closer to me than her mother. That's the only reason I have not ended my life. I don't like the idea of leaving her alone. I don't understand the attachment she feels to me but I don't want her to feel the way I do. 


I have an excellent job. Finances aren't really a source of stress. A childhood spent digging ditches in my underoo's bred a hard worker. I'm very good at my job. I'm in charge of multiple apprentices and several mechanics. I feel zero pride. I feel no satisfaction. I purely work because if I don't I won't be able to survive. I leave the house less and less. I see no point.

I've basically faked my entire life. I don't know what to do. I just don't want to feel this way anymore. 


