My life isn't going anywhere, but don't we all think that?I'm fresh out of college and I feel like my life is over. I'm stuck in my rural small town and my parents have me essentially trapped by not letting me get a driving license. I would love to go out and get a job, but my mother gives me the cold shoulder and yells at me for not getting a license sooner if I ask her to give me a ride anywhere. My dad isn't really around much, so I'm stuck in a hostile environment with my mother almost 24/7.

Honestly, my mother makes me feel like everyone in my life would be better off without me around, because I am obviously such a giant burden. I would love to move out and get my own place, but that simply isn't possible without a driving license, or a job. She knows she has me trapped, but she makes me feel like it's my fault. Like everything that goes wrong is my fault. We used to have a good relationship, but she's been awful towards me ever since I graduated.

I feel like my little brother and boyfriend are too precious to let them see me suffer like this, and I really just want to put them at ease by taking myself out. If I'm gone, then they wouldn't have to constantly worry about me. I'm a huge, giant failure for getting a useless degree and achieving nothing in life and I don't deserve to have people worry about me. My depression isn't fair to my sweet, wonderful boyfriend because he always has to cheer me up and comfort me and I don't want to be his problem anymore. I don't want to be anyone's problem anymore. I'm not his girlfriend anymore. I'm his psych patient that he has to put up with.

Thanks for reading all of this. I don't necessarily want to kill myself because I'm terrified of failing and becoming disabled for life, but I can't stand feeling like my own mother hates me for being a failure. I probably sound like a whiny kid and I know other people here have it worse than me, but I've been battling with suicidal thoughts since March and I've been thinking that my family would be happier without me ruining everything.