i sexually assualted(?) my friend when i was black out drunk and now i want to kill myselfthis has been eating me alive ever since it happened, and i’ve almost killed myself once since then, but my dad was able to pull me back into rational thinking, but i cannot drop the guilt, shame and the idea that i am now a terrible person. we are both female.  so B was a very good friend of mine, i’ve stayed with them for weeks when their mental health was bad and visa versa, we had a very close friendship, we’d kiss and make out with each other under the influnce whether it was drugs or alcohol, (our relationship is non existent now as we both became toxic to each other for unrelated reasons) but we remained friends and neither of us wanted anything more, sex was off the table and we both (as well as i’m aware of i’ve woken up with bruises on my thigh close to my crotch area before), i had told them bruises on my neck we’re not okay but they still gave them to me occasionally but i would say “its okay they were drunk and did not realize what they were doing,” so one night we decide we’re going to drink something, we end up getting hard iced teas and a bottle of whiskey, i was aware of my low alcohol tolerence but my plan was to get completely messed up and other times when i’ve done this nothing terrible has ever happened other than a killer hang over. i start taking shots of whiskey and quickly become intoxicated, i had underestimated how much i could handle and i blacked out, the last thing i remember is leaning against B in a cuddling type of way. I wake up the next morning, my ride is on the way and we say goodbye to each other, everything seems very normal other than the fact i had consumed so much alcohol i am still drunk the next day and i don’t sober up till about 6pm. things seem okay between me and B, but three days later they message me asking if i remember anything about that night, i say no, and explain just how intoxicated i was, and B tells me that i had forced myself onto them, we did not have sex, but i had kissed their neck, attempted to grind against them and had gropped them, they had to push me off three times before i stopped apparently. i do take Bs word because i trusted them a lot and it upset me greatly i could do something so awful to another human being, i apologized profusely and in a state of panic explained that something similar had happened to me recently and i may have had some fucked up way of projecting that, and that i was so sorry, and i understand that explanation could of seemed like an excuse but i couldn’t stand to be that kind of person. i am a child sexual abuse victim and seeing myself as someone similar to my abuser made me physically ill, i told B we didn’t have to be friends at all anymore, they could block my number and me off all social media in order to remain feeling safe, their safety and emotional well being meant so much to me i was willing to never see one of my best friends again. but B insisted we stayed friends and that they just needed to get it off their chest. I still cannot think of myself as a good person, I sit and wallow in self hatred and guilt everyday because of my disgusting actions, it was a mistake and i would never ever do something like that had i been aware of what i was doing. the situation eats away at me so much because of the fact i was black out. every time i tell someone they say i did the right thing and that i was drunk beyond doing anything rational or thinking straight at all, but my actions are my responsibility and i can’t feel better about this. i really want to kill myself so everything will just stop.