I thought I was better.When I was 16-17, I had 6 suicide attempts. My last one came very close. I always got too scared because I've never wanted to *die*, I just don't want to be alive. I promised myself that last time that I would never try again. I had just lost my dad 2 months prior, my mom had attempted 2 weeks prior, I had been dumped on Christmas, I was struggling with being misdiagnosed (believing I had dysthymia and never feeling better, and later finding out I'm bipolar). I even stopped self harming.

It's been 3 years. I self harmed twice in that time, but considering I used to do it every day, I was still proud of myself.

In the past 2 years, I lost all feeling in my right foot, I had a miscarriage, my PTSD was triggered by college and they wouldn't work work with me, my oldest brother committed suicide, my best friend committed suicide, I failed out of college 3 months later, I had to (still have to) live with an emotionally abusive mother, I got a job where my supervisor was so racist and hostile to me that I had to quit, I was unemployed for almost 6 months because I wasn't qualified for the few jobs here, then I got a job where I work 10 hours days just to come home with almost nothing except bleeding feet (I literally go into the bathroom to shove toilet paper in my shoes so the blood doesn't stain), and now my SO is having surgery soon and he's been out of work for nearly as long as I have due to similar issues.

I promised him I would never get to this place again. I promised him that I wanted to keep going for him and all our potential in the future. But, I've been off my meds for almost 6 months and every day is harder than the last, I haven't been able to see my therapist in 4 months either. I've left my house 3 times in the past 6 months for reasons other than work or the grocery store. I clean the entire house, take care of the dogs, pay the bills for my mom, cook for her, do her laundry, only to be told I'm a lazy pig. I told my family I want to quit my current job because the physical and emotional tolls are killing me, that I should never have gone into this work coming out of research, and they told me I'm selfish and useless - so, for the past month the only family member I've talked to is my mom. Because my SO is unable to find a job either, he obviously doesn't have any money and I haven't seen him in 6 weeks, where I used to see him 5 days a week. I haven't had any physical touch (a hug, a kiss on the cheek, someone to hold my hand, or rub my back) in 6 weeks.

I feel so alone. I feel so scared. I feel like a fuck up. I feel like everyone would be happier if I were gone, because my fanily genuinely tells me I'm a burden to them. Being off my meds is hell. At one point, I had happy days. Now, all I feel anymore is depressed and angry. I feel like that 16 year old girl who couldn't picture living past 18. Even before that, I could never picture myself having a future. Now I'm 20 and have nothing to show for it besides the fact that I'm still breathing. The way my life is now, the only people who would feel a difference would be my SO and my dogs. I think they're the only reasons I'm still here. I never want to hurt them, but being alive is killing me.