Failed attempt, not sure where to turnPeople will say, "just get help.." but  do not being able to work, no money, no insurance, and severe anxiety, I can't even use the phone to call. 

I'm not writing this for help, I really just need to tell someone because it's eating me alive and I'm still afraid from what happened. 

After my partner left for no reason, and after an especially bad screaming at from over the phone, i was not able to cope because they have beaten me down to the point that I have nothing left inside and no way to calm down or cope effectively. 

I took a dog leash and wrapped it around my neck and around the door knob then sat on the floor and let my weight fall. I didn't want to die, I just wanted the pain to STOP. I literally couldn't take it anymore. I started to hear a loud sound like, "womp womp whomp", when I was going unconscious, and that was the last thing I remember. 

I open my eyes. I can't breath. I manage to free myself from the ligature.. I still CANT BREATH. I can't hear well, my head is pounding, my heart is pounding, I'm dizzy, feel nauseated, my foot is swollen bruised and throbbing, and there is blood all over my shirt. I stupidly stand up and I'm on the verge of hyperventilating trying desperately to get some oxygen in my lungs and brain. 
I was gasping and thought I was going to fall down and die. 

I couldn't believe that I was alive. I didn't want to die, but, almost killed myself and I couldn't (and still can't) believe that I am still here. I don't know how long I was unconscious, but I believe that I had a seizure because I urinated through my pants and was in a puddle of urine when I came to. Also my foot feels broken which I have to recollection of it getting hurt. I thought I was bleeding from inside my ear but I managed to rip my earring out and messed up my ear at some point. 

Today two days later I'm awake. I lay hear thinking that I am profoundly grateful to be here. The sun is rising and the bids are chirping. My neck very much and I have pretty extreme bruising from the ligature, and then small bruises (petechiae) from my chest to my face. 
The arteries in my neck are red, swollen, and sore, but I think they are ok. I feel a little less sore than yesterday. 

But I can't get over the fact how close the attempt came, and that I am still here. I don't know why I was given this second chance, I don't believe in god or a higher power, but I do believe in chance... And I'm not going to waste this one. Thank you life for a second opportunity to make things right. Thank you for the chance to just live and breath. I will never EVER take this life for granted again. 

Thanks for reading, and for letting me get this off of my chest.