i wanna post this I don't know any interesting titleThis is my first ever post on reddit. I am 19,F , soon turning 20. I don't feel good rn. So many things going inside my head... It's chaotic. Too many suicidal thoughts.. it's getting tougher day by day. 
Everything sucks literally everything. I tried too hard to work on my insecurities, but I see no difference. 
I am a brown skinned girl, living in India. Sometimes I feel cursed. I have been getting racist remarks since the day I was born. It made me really insecure and till date, even if someone genuinely compliments me.. I still feel insecure and feel the person is making fun of me. Worst part, even my parents(whom I love the most) are 'fair skin is beautiful' believer. I feel so shit. My younger sister is of fairer complexion and I always get compared to her. 
I still remember, when she was in kindergarten and I was jn 3rd grade, a teacher taunted me by saying how can she be my sister as she is fair and beautiful. Till date it hurts like hell. 
Talking about my parents, they never asked me how I feel or what are my interests... it's always how much have you scored.. Why did you not get into medical school.. Why are you mad at us..etc etc. It's not like I never tried telling them how I feel or anything but they never paid any attention. Never. They are not the worst. I love them. They are nice humans but I wish they cared about my mental health or at least asked me about my day. 
When I was 13/12 years (I don't remember exact age), my own grandfather sexually molested me. No one in my family knows this. And I don't think I will ever have the courage to speak about this matter. I am traumatized. I feel uncomfortable around every male now. No matter how much they mean to me. 
I have eating disorder too. When I was in 8th grade I stared gaining some weight but then my dad said that I should eat less, work out more. Even my classmates, neighbors, people whom I know stared commenting on my body. I swear I was never insecure about my body but from that time till today I fear putting on weight again. I eat less, sometimes don't eat... Work out alot even if my body aches. I hate it. But I can't stop. 
I'm 5'1 ish and my sister is slightly taller than me. People/my parents even comments on that too. I mean ok now I'm insecure about my height too thanks. 
Again, during childhood my mom did something (i don't wanna talk about that) and that's where almost all my trauma started. It's a very sensitive topic and I have never discussed this with anyone. 
Again my friends are toxic. Makes me feel bad about my skin/place/almost everything. But I don't wanna be lonely too. I fear that. I mean I love being alone but hate being lonely. 
I am kind of an introvert too so it's very difficult for me to make friends. 
My past relationships are a mess too. 
There are alot of more things going on but ngl I feel good writing this.