It does pass, take it from me.Hello. I am a physician(anesthesia), and work in an often stressful environment. I was depressed long before I became an MD, and let me tell you, it does get better.
Through my teenage years, I was very very depressed, and attempted suicide at one point. I was picked on, singled out, and lonely. Many of my high school class mates never took the time to get to know me, I thought it was something with my personality, and maybe it was, maybe I alienated myself. The one thing that always kept me going was my dream of one day helping others, I wanted to be a doctor. I worked my ass off, even through the worst of times during high school, and got into an elite university. Again, I often felt depressed, but not as much due to my acceptance as an intellectual. 

People came to know me, because I realized I needed to get to know them in order for them to get to know me. 
Through all of this depression and loneliness, I sought some sort of secret to happiness, something that worked for everyone, but more importantly, something that worked for me. I eventually came to a conclusion, there is no secret, life is what you make of it. I started therapy and eventually worked out my issues.

Fast forward to a few years ago, I was diagnosed with brain cancer. As I stated, I am a doctor, I knew what this entailed. I kept working through chemo and luckily it was an operable tumor. The idea of my own mortality struck me as something very profound. I had a growth in my head that could do for me what I had so greatly desired as a youth; death. Oddly, when faced with this, I had the strongest desire to live. I noticed the beauty in every day life, I love the smell of flowers, I love to look at the stars. I am an atheist, so don't feel like I am making a faith based message here.

What I realized, is that one of the major reasons I was depressed was, I did not realize how amazing life is, and how lucky I am to have won the universal lottery. I know many of you see the world as bleak and empty, are hopeless and alone, but you are not. Please, if you feel as though you really cannot take it, get professional help, these are my experiences only. Maybe, getting the help you need will encourage you to help others having similar issues, maybe not, but it just may save your life, and not the life filled with darkness, a life filled with passion and appreciation for the world around you. Please, get help if needed. You never know when someone may need YOUR help!

