I just stopped and noted how I feel and what I was thinking. Maybe someone else feels the same.I feel exhausted in a lot of ways and deprived in others. I'm tired of being around my family, tired of all this stupid graduation bullshit, and I'm tired of work. I miss having someone significant in my life that felt for me the same way I did for them, ever since I lost those feelings for Tishell, it's been impossible to remake that essence. Unfortunately, it's not something I can go back to any of my exes to remake, it just really doesn't work.

My mother is a difficult person to deal with, my father can be difficult to me but for different reasons. My mother means well in almost everything she does for me, I appreciate it deeply, but her execution just doesn't fit for some reason. I don't take much initiative for things I don't care about, chores is a part of the many things I don't care for. She expects me to want to do these things out of love for her and my family, but I won't do things I don't want to do unless I'm asked or if it's for a greater good. She doesn't like that and takes my lack of initiative as unappreciative and disrespectful behavior. Not only that, but it feels like she puts the position of a mother higher than it should be. Yeah, you gave birth to me but I didn't ask for that, so that kinda cushions a lot of your argument. Yeah, you raised me, thanks. However, not only was it partially out of obligation, and it's not as if anyone could take up the role of caretaker. That may seem like an insensitive opinion, but at the same time, if you give someone a baby and they choose not to abort it, in today's society I believe it's not only their responsibility but their job to take care of that child. At which point, it's immoral to hold it over the child's head that you raised them and birthed them. At that point, you asked for it, they still didn't. 

School has always been something I've detested growing up, as it always felt forced. That's because it was. I've now graduated from high school, class of 2020. No prom or graduation, I'm not exactly upset about either. I just want my money back for the portion of student dues that I paid for things I won't get to experience. Now, I look for higher education. I'm going to a local community college. My grades are barely acceptable, and I don't even know what I'm going for. I picked a community college since it'd be free and I don't want to financially commit. What I really want to do with my life is teach guitar, or do something in relation to sound or music. Only problem is that I'm still learning myself, I'm starting to realize YouTube videos aren't going to teach me very well anymore so I'm going to need real lessons if that's what I plan on. 

I work at chipotle, it sucks. Some of my coworkers suck, most are great to work with. There's not much to expand on there.

I think about death and suicide all the time. It happens in random bursts. Sometimes I'll begin to daydream about stealing a police officer's gun from their waste and shooting myself in the forehead, like something out of a movie. Or maybe since I'm black, I'll just do something provoking and get them to shoot me. Maybe I'll take a trip to the shooting range one day and make it happen then. Irregardless of how I die, I can say almost certainly that if I find myself in a situation that could cost me my life, I would hesitate to escape from it. 

Why do I want to die so much? I feel like my life is nothing. It means something to my friends and family, but it doesn't mean anything to me. I'm quite tired of living in a world that works the way this one does, and yeah, you can say "the world has problems, deal with it". That's a fair way to think, but at the same time, I'm free to think and feel whatever I want. I'm free to want to die, and I'm free to go out and die so long as I'm not bringing harm to anyone else in the process. I don't think I have what it takes to follow my dreams, my web of friends has fallen apart, my family isn't the right one for me, and I can't find the significant love that I lost. That's why I'd rather die than keep living, not to mention I'm really curious in general as to what it's like to be dead. 

Even though I feel all of these things, I'm not going to kill myself any time soon. Mostly because I don't want to fuck it up and end in a lot of pain, but also because I don't feel like going through all the trouble of killing myself.