My friends and family are all gone and my best friend has admitted he's sick of dealing with meI'll start at the beginning. My SO was very popular in highschool. LOTS of girls liked him, including some of my friends. Instead of fighting over him everyone understood that it came down to him and who he liked. He liked me. We got together, and my friends started talking about me behind my back, being really bitchy etc. You get the picture. One girl who was kinda the head of our social group got everyone to stop talking to me or being my friend. Eventually I got my ex-friends to admit to what they'd done and moved on from it. Meanwhile, me and my SO are very happy and eventually fall in love. However a little while later he starts having a problem with my past. I slept around owing to huge self-esteem issues. I had a drug and alcohol problem and self-harmed. The part he had a problem with though was the other guys. I explained to him about the self-esteem thing and things weren't too bad. Fast forward through some relationship crap (from both of us) and he doesn't believe me anymore and we're turning to what feels like the last option, which is him sleeping with other people. We agree he probably will, but nothing happens for a while. Meanwhile, my Mum decides she wants to verbally abuse me and kicks me out of the house for reasons I still can't understand. I move in with my Dad and start uni without any friends owing to the high school drama where I lost all my friends. My SO and I are talking about moving in together. My Dad starts acting really strange towards me. I'm doing nearly all the housework to make up for only paying $30 board a week, but he starts treating me like a maid and only talks to me when he wants me to do something. I try to talk to him about how he's relating to me but he just gets angry and swears and tells me to shut up. So my SO and I find a flat. We break up because being with me makes him feel horrible and depressed, because of my past. We're still acting like we're together, but somehow the 'we're not together' thing helps him feel better. We're best friends and both love each other very much. He starts getting worse and worse feeling though and of course my self-esteem takes a dive. I end up very depressed. In the midst of my crippling depression he decides this is the time to reveal to everyone that we're not together and start messing around with one of my ex-friends from high school. So I have to pretend to everyone that I'm okay and like I'm not suffering through hell while he's doing things with her. After reading a letter I wrote just to vent he realises that I've been contemplating suicide and how alone I'm feeling. He tells me he loves me and cares about me etc. and that I can talk to him about how I'm feeling nearly any time. Then him and the other girl progress to actual sexual intercourse. They're both telling me they're keen to get into a relationship. During this time my now ex-SO and I are still sleeping together, talking about getting married in later life after he 'fixes things', and still acting when we're by ourselves like we're together. And we're still living together and sharing a room. My depression gets worse to the point where I can barely eat and either barely sleep or sleep all the time. I'm crying every day, often more than once. Contemplating hurting myself or suicide every day. At this time he decides he can't deal with me anymore, and gets angry every time I try to talk to him about my feelings. Even when he found me naked sitting in the shower sobbing he made no move to talk to me about what's going on with me. That was yesterday. He's texting the other girl every day, every chance he gets. A constant reminder to me of what's going on. She constantly tells him she misses him and 'wuvs' him I can't talk to either part of my family because of what's happened, and I have literally no friends to turn to. All I had was him and now he is all about her. He tells me he still loves me and wants to be with me and that it's only about the sex with her to fix things, but that I'm needy and clingy and he can't deal with how I feel anymore. Sex doesn't matter to me, I know that it can mean nothing, but I'm really scared of the emotional connection he's making with her. I feel incredibly insecure and horrible nearly all the time. I have LITERALLY nobody I can talk to about this, short of seeing a counselor, but I have major trust issues and even the thought of going and talking to someone who is actually paid to pretend to care about me makes me feel horrible. I think about killing my self every day. I have nobody to talk to and feel so alone. Hence why I'm turning to strangers on the Internet. I can see no end in sight for what's happening and it feels like my only way out is to end everything. The thought of dying used to scare me but now I just think of it as being exactly how things were before I was born and it doesn't seem scary anymore. I feel like I'm totally alone and there is no other way out. I have to hide my feelings from everyone now. I love him and I know for a fact he loves me. This isn't me being stupid and naive and just believing what he says. I have been lied to by many guys before him and this isn't that. I know he loves me and I need to make that clear. I just don't know what else to do. 