Broken up with after 5 years, he cited my quarantine weight gain as the reason. Hahah yeah, SO HAPPY TO BE ALIVE.I was skinny when I met him. Started going to the gym and playing more sports, gained a lot of muscle. Typical "insta model" body. Happily maintained it for years, the gym/rec sports gave me a release from my anger and sadness. 

Gyms and indoor sports have been closed here all year cause of covid, I've fallen into a deeper depression than I've ever had (even though I'm diagnosed with more chronic depression by a psychiatrist). Tried getting at-home gym equipment but it's been constantly sold out, or ridiculously surge priced.

I still went for runs in Summer, played baseball, soccer, etc... and only gained a bit of fat but then cold weather hit, and the lbs started to pile on over the last few months.

He stopped having sex with me. 

I asked him what was up, he quickly said: "You've put on weight. I'm not attracted to you and I think it's made me fall out of love because now there's no fire or passion." I didn't really get upset, I just kind of.. let it go. Stupidly.

Later, he asks, "Do you ever think you'll get back to your young body, skinny like when you were 19, or are you settled with now? I thought you'd get closer to what you were. You didn't just inflate over night. This year you've put on so much. The muscles weren't my thing either. Skinnier is way better." Verbatim.

I said I miss the gym, and I can't wait to go back when things clear up, but I probably won't ever be stick thin again like back when we met. I counted calories like crazy back then, ate sickly low amounts, etc... So, then he ended things. Coldly. Told me he could find someone more attractive, that he could do better than me for himself. That was that. 

So, now I'm here. Lonely. Very lonely. I haven't seen my friends in months because of the pandemic. I have no one now. So, yeah, here's to binge drinking, contemplating suicide, and ranting on reddit. Thanks to anyone who might read this.