Im just so tired.My heart just fucking aches rn. And I keep thinking I’m so mentally fucked from my past that everything is just so hard, so scary, so stressful. I just want it to stop. I just want my heart to stop throbbing I want this ball in my throat to melt away I want my eyes to stop tearing up. I keep thinking about all the decisions I make because of my anxiety and ptsd and it makes me so mad. Looking back I can see exactly what I should of done but in the moment I always let the anxiety win. Im always wondering how I would be if I had a normal childhood. If I didn’t go through so much random traumatic deaths would I feel like I do in my small moments of clarity? Would I have gone to school would I still be socially distant and anxious? Would I be a hypochondriac because I wanted to find out I was dying too and it would all be over soon. I’m too afraid to try harder at work or professionally because if I fail, if My heart just fucking aches rn. And I keep thinking I’m so mentally fucked from my past that everything is just so hard, so scary, so stressful. I just want it to stop. I just want my heart to stop throbbing I want this ball in my throat to melt away I want my eyes to stop tearing up. I keep thinking about all the decisions I make because of my anxiety and ptsd and it makes me so mad. Looking back I can see exactly what I should of done but in the moment I always let the anxiety win. Im always wondering how I would be if I had a normal childhood. If I didn’t go through so much random traumatic deaths would I feel like I do in my small moment of clarity? Would I have gone to school would I still be socially distant and anxious? I’m too afraid to try harder because if I fail if, I hit rock bottom I’m most likely going to end it. I feel like I’m constantly on the edge. My favorite intrusive thought is “I want to fucking shove an ice pick through my fucking temple.”The only moments of clarity I get are when I smoking weed but that makes me lazy af more than not and I slack on chores and start a never ending loop of depression and getting my shit together. Iv tried probably every drug out there honestly Prozac was my favorite but it made me hyper active and impulsive. I’d try again but I’m paycheck to paycheck and therapy is too expensive. Iv been fighting this shit for so long I just want to be happy I just want to be comfortable confident and strong. I proud of myself because honestly I didn’t expect to live this long. But I’m only 26 and I’m just so fucking tired. I just want some fucking peace. I’d rather not feel anything at all.