I fucked upIdk where to start so I'm just going to start writing and hope I make sense. I'm depressed and anxious and I guess cause I'm anxious I'm beyond fucking shy. My job is really fucking great and awesome especially for a first job. It's super high pay and super cool managers and the place is beautiful. JW MARRIOTT las Vegas resort and spa. I'm a foodrunner at the pool and last week I fucked up. But before the fuck up we have to talk about 2 weeks ago.

2 weeks ago - I was crying and begging my parents to take me to a hospital cause I was afraid of my safety (I'm really suicidal). My parents are really awesome btw don't think bad Of them. They are really supportive but they don't really know how to help and I think they don't really believe I have mental problems. And the week before that I was crying at home JIST causing stress for them and just fkng up everything in general.

1 week ago (the fuck up) the pool was full of people and it was super busy for me but im okay with high workloads. It was overwhelming tho and when I asked for help the servers just told me to organize myself. Like what and don't get me started on one server that makes my job hell. I tried taking 10 deep breaths to calm down but I couldn't I was having a panic attack I told them I was taking my break and they said I couldn't and I ran away. I let them all down and pisses all of them off. I was in a hallway crying and breathing really hard and security saw and sent me to HR and I was sent home. They gave me another chance but they also are giving me a choice to quit because they understand which again is super awesome and I'm greatful for such awesome management. I told my parents and they said no ur keeping this job no discussion. Now just showing my face at work is really embarrassing and hard all the servers hate me or most do and even the bartender's don't joke with me like before. I feel really hated now but I get a jobs not to make friends but I feel so lonely but I'll have to try and fight it. It was a dick move by me and I feel like a dick and deserve to feel like a dick for making their jobs alot harder that day. I really can't handle this job tho I come home crying and feeling like shit everyday almost. I get no jobs easy but I don't think this job is just right for me and I dont think I can take it much longer. last night I was really close to suicide.