Got humiliated for having suicidal thoughtsI impulsively wrote texts like that I'm done with life to my ex. Then she dismisses me with 'sending me these negative texts? get a life!' and blocks me so I made a new account trying to explain it because she doesn't understand the severity of the situation. I explain to her that I used to smoke way too much and live extremely unhealthy and feel like I will die young so I regret it sooooo much. I haven't done that in two years anymore so now I feel so bad about that because it's far in the past so I can't believe my past self. That I've ruined everything. She constantly keeps blocking while I'm like, eh wtf, this is serious shit? Stop being disrespectful and stop blocking while saying stuff I want to reply to. I don't understand that she just wants me to shut up. 

In the end she gets extremely angry, writes an extremely mean message filled with shit like 'can't stand listening to your whining' 'you were born healthy and wholesome so it was your choice to live in a dumphole' 'you'll never learn how to live your life' 'tragic whiner fickle loser king!!' 'forecasting that you're going to die? I don't fucking care!' 'I don't have to feel any guilt because you dumped me!' 'I will move on to someone much better'...

Because I'm extremely depressed, I lose my mind over this. I don't have self-respect. I don't have self-esteem. I can't cope with stuff like that at that time in a healthy way. I'm extremely emotionally unstable. So I start writing messages all the time. It gets pathetic after a while. Like extremely dramatic stuff. Even one extremely personal e-mail that got forwarded to her co-workers 🙄🙄🙄

Her message just made me want to kill myself because I was already too emotionally weak. She completely underestimated how heavy the situation was. I was extremely vulnerable and couldn't handle this situation on top of it.

It's also fucked up!!!!! I've worked out so much the past 2 years. I went from an extremely skinny guy to a beach body. I went from living extremely unhealthy to very healthy. That's what she doesn't understand... That I've changed so much and work really hard on myself, but I'm just so scared and close to suicide because I feel like I've ruined my life and hate my past self so much.

So in the end she just ignored me like 4 months, probably felt very smug about herself that she caused me so much pain because I dumped her (she was 8 years older and wasting her time on me) and now I'm completely humiliated because I started crying to her. She's just such a neurotypical person who doesn't understand what happens in the mind of someone who is truly depressed and close to ending things so she emotionally abused me for it because she thought it was no big deal. 

Now that I have my self-respect back, I can't believe that I let her do this to me.