On Friday the 11th just after sunset I've been planning to kill myself for a little while.That has been my plan for about 2 or 3 weeks. I'm so stressed out it's hard to move. Not like I physically can't move but I mean I just don't want too because it just hurts and I feel sick. Last month there was this musician/DJ and I've been following him since like 2013 or 2014. He inspired me to make music and I had a hardcore passion for it but he died last month and that got me into thinking these dark thoughts. He accomplished so much this guy and his music inspired millions but it all seems like it was for nothing now. I just had thought how can you enjoy life when it's so short. All this fighting to have a good life and even if you get it your just going to die soon after and who knows when you'll die. That musician was 28. He actually killed himself and when I found that out. It like erased everything I dreamed about I thought his life was so focused on music and he didn't really have too work to live he could just make music all day and not worry about paying rent and working overtime just to make that rent like I have too. So I just felt like my whole life I planned out in my head. WHICH IS REALLY HARD TO ACHIEVE... Wasn't going to make me happy if it did not make my role model happy to a point he kills himself. I just don't know why I exist. Life seems so pointless. So after all of this, I just descend into the worse week ever. I've been working 60 to 70 hours a week. My boss keeps asking me too and I just don't know how to say no. Like I could write forever on that topic alone. I'm just socially awkward and I don't know how too speak up for myself. I finally reached a point where I am burned out and I can't do my school to get myself out of the situation because I'm so burned out. I was crying at work (tried not too) just because I wanted it to stop. I felt so stressed I didn't want to move and I work in a restaurant it's a fast-paced environment. It just hurt so bad! (I really disappointed co-workers today but I know they think something is wrong with me so they let it go and didn't really say anything to the boss as far as I know) Also, this week is my sisters wedding it's on the 12th actually. I love my sister. She's such a great person. She's been afraid of me not going for over a year because she knows I don't have a great relationship with certain relatives. They are bullies. They did so many disgusting things to me. I've been abused by them. 2 of them robbed me and I had a concussion from that. This is why I chose the 11th. I don't want to make a decision. I'm struggling with PTSD from one thing they did to me and I'm just experiencing so much stress from flashbacks and whatnot knowing the wedding is so close. I can't say no though my sister... I guess killing myself is kind of worse... Seeing them would just be tremendously stressful... I just have no dreams anymore I'm depressed and I was trying to work that out and I wrote out every dark feeling I had and tried understanding it. I have a therapist and we're working on the PTSD and have been for a while now. I never admitted I wanted to kill myself. Really hard to bring that up for some reason. 


Now that the date I planned on is so close. It sort of felt relieving because it gets closer and closer. Feels like the pain is over and I go the place I inevitably will go anyways no matter how long I live, but I don't know what its like so I'm scared now and I really wish I could talk to someone but I won't admit I've been having these thoughts a lot longer before Avicii died. People know I'm pathetic anyways. I mean I'm writing on the fucking internet anonymously about how I want to kill myself. Not the first time either. I think it'll be the last time whether or not I kill myself. I might just hurt myself. Because its probably going to be too hard. 