i am an unmotivated pathetic worthless loserI'm male, 17, never experienced love nor has a female ever shown any sort of affection to me, and only deal with me because they have to either because they're relatives or classmates, nothing else. And I honestly don't blame them, because I faced how horribly physically unattractive I am and how much of an uninteresting, boring, creepy looking guy who's got a dim future I am. I also subconsciously stare at people like a creep. I don't mean to, but before I realise it, I've been staring at this one guy beside me talking on his phone, or this one girl just minding her own business on the bus. Really makes me feel like I'm some sort of stalker or rapist. I just want to get on my knees and apologise for my existence.

I'm overweight, unmotivated with no resolve, don't do anything productive with my life, and honestly don't see myself in a positive future. I get fits of depression every now and then when I'm only distracted by playing videogames or generally browsing the internet, YouTube, etc.. I'm not very smart either, and if the education system in my country wasn't so shit my parents would've probably disowned me if how smart I was mattered in school since it's just "memorise stuff for 4 months then dump it all in two hours" . I don't have friends, or at least 'real' friends that'd actually like you for being you, understand you or anything. I'm never invited into places (even though I probably wouldn't have come anyway because I'd be aware that I'd be an annoyance or a source of negative energy anyway), I'm never let in on inside jokes, and they generally don't treat me like they would treat a friend of theirs. They're too nice. To be honest with you it really feels like they pity me if anything, and I hate it. I try to improve myself but I never seem to have the resolve to see anything through. I tried going to the gym, went for two weeks, but never touched it again. I'm human filth. I can't think of one positive thing about me, beside being a bitch who's easy to abuse. I can't get professional help because my problems feel so petty compared to the people with actual depression or other real mental illnesses, and not just being a sub-human worth about as much as the chair he's sitting on, being a waste of space and resources. I'd just be called delusional and it all being in my head. I don't need to make anyone feel obliged to waste money and time or hopeless filth like me. It'd make me feel worse about my already garbage existence. I don't even have the balls to commit suicide, even if I know it'd be better for everyone around me. My family would be in pain for a while but I'd overall put off a huge load off of their chest.  
