A friend of mine is suicidalA friend of mine has had a really tough time of it in recent years. He's 19, but couldn't take his A-Level exams last year due to severe health problems. These health problems have since gotten much worse. He's lost an unhealthy amount of weight, doesn't sleep, is on depression meds which don't seem to be helping, etc. He's also been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. 

He took this past year off to recover and re-do his A-Levels, and while in it got into an online relationship with a girl. They never met in person, but he was head over heels for her (it was his first relationship). She was very toxic and abusive to him, and they broke up and got back together several times. He was always in a terrible state after, and often talked about suicide. Recently they broke up "for good". She told him the main reason they couldn't be together was his depression. Soon after he found out she'd been cheating on him before they broke up, and when he confronted her about it she made him out to be the bad guy and got a bunch of her friends, family and their mutual friends to spam message him abuse on social media. On top of this, he recently got his A-Level results and found out he didn't get into the uni he wanted (though he did get into a good uni through clearing). 

He's been engaging in harmful behaviour a lot (he doesn't sleep, rarely goes outside, and when he does its to wander the streets alone at night binge drinking). He's previously talked about suicide and not wanting to live but he recently told me that he was seriously considering killing himself.

I don't know what to do for him. I've talked with him a lot and let him vent. I've encouraged him to call a suicide hotline and seek professional help. I've asked him to tell his parents but he just says they don't understand how he feels. I've told him all his friends and family care about him. However, he refuses to get help, saying therapists or people at a hotline would just be "saying what he wants to hear" and so it would be meaningless. Earlier today he told me he would call a suicide hotline but I think he's just trying to get me off his back. When I asked him to promise me he'd call someone before he did anything, he laughed and said "I can't do that because I haven't broken a promise since 2015", and then wouldn't talk about it anymore. Several times in the last week we've talked, and I've managed to cheer him up to the point where he's laughing and seems happier at the end, but the next night he'll just call back in an even worse state. 

He says he doesn't really sleep anymore (he has a lot of medical problems), and I worry about what he'll do during the night while I'm asleep, but I can't stay up 24/7 and talk with him. I don't know what to do. I can't force him to get help but I'm really worried that I'll wake up one day to find out he's killed himself. 

How can I help him?