I'm just tired and weary24 Male. - My Re post from r/depression

I know the world doesn't revolve around me and i can't expect it to change for the better. I know there are people in worse situations than i am and have fought through them and made it, and maybe are stronger for it.

But i'm tired of living in a world like this one. i want to quit the race, i have been hospitalized after calling the suicide hotline and i realized it's complete bullshit and they just give you shitty drugs and worse therapy.

Drugs like alcohol and cannabis help very little. I try to take my mind off killing myself but i can't. It has become essentially a mental habit i cannot control, throughout the day at work or at home it always comes back to mind. I have gone to sleep thinking about it, and recently it was the first thing i thought about when i woke up.

My only comfort i have is knowing how short and fragile life can be and hope that it coincidentally and conveniently ends soon. I just want to die all the time. I don't feel it's like a physical thing like a chemical imbalance, but more of a mental thing.

I've thought about it as rationally as i think i can. If i end my life, my family will morn, my friends will eventually move on.

and i realize there is selfishness to it, and i know it's fucked up to think this way, but it won't matter when i'm dead, i won't have to worry and stress about it after the fact.

This planet has 7 Billion people living on it, no one will notice one missing, and i promise you, the world will keep on spinning around like it has for years, like nothing ever happened, at best another statistic.

When i was younger i had more of a spark, but now i see a world full of horrible, cruel, selfish people lacking empathy. The rich do not care for the poor and the powerful do not care about the powerless.

i have a few things that i do enjoy, and maybe if i try i can make my job something resembling a hobby i enjoy, but I have no purpose and unlikely to find one.

I was raised religiously as christian, and slowly become atheist but I've gone back to being agnostic, to pray if God does exist, to please kill me.

i would rather die than to live robotically throughout life just to pay my taxes, and if i don't do it now, i will, even if it's a few years from now.

I do not fear death anymore, i welcome and embrace the relief it brings with it.