I just want it to be all overIm shaking so badly right now, this is it. Im done with my life. I'm so sick and tired of everything she puts me through. I want death, but i'm a coward. I want to be happy and away from her. I just want to be gone. (I'm sorry if this contains profanity, I usually hate typing it at all, but imm so angry right now, and my hands are shaking like crazy)

Every day, eery god damm fucking day it's the sane shit. Every time I think I can come out and spend time with her I get yelled out for no fucking reason. I can't breathe. Today it was because I was looking for something that was just on my bed minutes prior. My silings tend to hide/styeal stuff per usual, so I had a feeling one of them took it. And my sister my goddam fucking sister has to start shit again. She says she's going to help me, ut starts throwing clothes and other shit on the floor and fucking giving me that fucking smile she always fucking does whne she knows its gonna piss me off. So many times I have felt anger, so many goddam times have I wangted to smack the shit out of my sister, but I always restrain. I don't want to physically hurt her like she always does to me, and like our mother always does to us. Every time I get near hert she does her fake scream and says "She's biting me and pulling my hair" and other shit like that and starts getting my siblings to fucking gang up on me like the twisted piece of shit she is. I end up getting her to get her to go up the staitrs where my mom is making a phone call and she gets my little fucking brother to scream shit like "Heeeelp me send help! AAAAh!" near my  fucking mom who is on a fucking phonecall and like always does nothing about the fucking shit so he's just screaming this right next to the fucking phone and after she's done she starts screamign at ME like fucking always calling me satan and telling me to fucking go to hell and im so fucking done with im so fucking done every day is the fucking same and I just want to fuckign hoot myself but I dont have a fucking gun otherwise I would have fucking done it years ago and the fucking shitty piece of reality is i'll never be able to fucking get help because my parents (specifically my mom) wont do shit like fucking always so I jsut have to fucking hide in my room all day like a fucking legbeard type of piece of shit who just fucking browses the fucking internet all fucking day and does online school because she can't even be around her own fucking family without being called a fucking piece of worhtless shit and a disgrace and satan and the devils daughter and possessed and all that shit I just want to fuckingend myself 