I see no way out19F here. Struggled with depression my entire life following sexual abuse then physical, verbal and emotional abuse by my parents. My mother has broken a couple of my bones before. Once in elementary school then in middle school.

Today was particularly bad. I struggle with an eating disorder so I'm currently underweight. Basically I heard mother lying about something that concerns me on the phone to my dad and I confronted her about her. She mocked the way I speak and I told her to stop acting childish and just confess to dad that she lied. She started beating the hell out of me for calling her childish. Meanwhile my sibling was watching all this go down and did nothing. She was simply waiting for me to defend myself to jump in and hurt me as well. Like I said I'm underweight and I literally am not strong enough to fight one person at a time. Let alone two. They know this and brought it up while attacking me.

They ended up sitting on my chest multiple times for a couple of minutes each time. This shit can literally kill a child and that's how I'm built at the moment. 5'0 /154.6cm and around 40kg. I couldn't breathe. They also cut my face up (I have no idea with what or how because I was literally just throwing random punches at this point trying to breathe). There was blood pouring down my face that I wasn't aware of until mother saw me looking confused at the blood on my bed and she told me to go clean up. I also think my septum is broken. My nose keeps filling up with blood and I can't even pinch it out because it hurts so much. Can't move it either. 

I'm a year 3 medical student living in the middle east. I am financially and emotionally (I'd feel guilty to leave my family behind) dependent on my family. If I report them I'll have to move out as an adult. I'll have to give up my future medical career. I don't see a way out besides killing myself. This has been going on since I was in kindergarten. I can't report them but I can't stay here either. I think it's time for me to go.