I'm tired of lifeThis is a repost due to my last post didn't appear on the feed which is strange, but anyway, here's the post:

 I grew up with my grandparents due to my mom and dad divorced shortly after I was born, and I was left behind while both of them left. This was actually the most amazing thing in this whole post, I kinda enjoyed growing up there, aside of getting bullied sometimes when we made mothers' day presents at school, I view my childhood as a positive thing since I had friends whom I went out with quite often and we had fun in general.

 Then my dad came back and I was told he's living in another country and that he wants to take me with him, shortly after I turned 11, I was taken to a foreign place, but I saw it as a positive thing since I grew up in eastern Europe, and people told me how rich people in the western world were, but being a kid I didn't know much about money to begin with. Shortly after I moved I began going to school and learn the language, and this is where it started going downhill.

 My dad found it more important to date women and spend money and time on them, while leaving the fridge empty and rarely buying me clothes and other essential stuff. He often brought women home and I could hear them arguing from my room at 4:AM sometimes. Sometimes the women he dated also had children, and those children often got all sorts of nice stuff and the women got brand new smartphones, and when I asked for something I got told that he doesn't have money, all I even got for Christmas was used toys.                          
 I was literally walking around in second-hand clothes, which I was bullied for in school a lot, I never had to wear used clothes before moving in with my dad. This went on for some years, and during those years he finally found a woman he's still together with until this day. The woman's extended family often visited us and I quickly noticed that my things were disappearing while I was in school, and I quickly found out that her brother is using the exact same earphones I had. This "stealing my stuff" thing went on for a while too, but I never said anything about it since I knew for sure that I'd be the one getting in trouble. 

 During the years living with my dad I also visited my grandparents and spent the whole summer vacation with them every year. I had a much better time at my grandparents', which was the only thing that kept me motivated. During these summer vacations I often went mountain biking with a friend, which we used to do all day, and we usually went to some place to eat every afternoon since restaurants were very cheap there. I remember one time when he told me he owes a dinner to a girl she goes to school with, and asked me if it was OK if he called her now, and I said sure since I had no problem with it. It turned out that the girl also brought a friend with her.

 We went  and ate pizza together while chatting and just having a good time in general. I noticed that the girl my friend's schoolmate brought with her liked me, she was kind of ignoring everyone else and always asked stuff about me, and she pulled off some naughty jokes. After being done with the pizza we were about to get ourselves home, the girl complained to her friend about that her mom is only able to get her in 2 hours, so I said that she can come home with me and stay at my grandparents' house, which she accepted. However we later decided to go on a walk instead since the weather was nice, we really had a great time together, we enjoyed the nice weather while having a good talk. This was however 2 weeks before the end of the summer break, and I didn't tell her anything about the fact that I'm not from around that place. I didn't see her during the rest of the summer break.

 After getting back to my dad, stuff went on as usual, and after like a month I got a message on social media from that girl, and we chatted a lot as the year went on. After 2-3 months of chatting 4-5 hours on a daily basis she started asking me stuff like what kinda girls I liked and such, and it quickly turned out that she likes me a lot. Only problem was, that we were both teenagers, and lived half a continent away from each other, so we had no financial means of meeting each other, but we decided anyway that we'll wait out the next summer break. I'm not gonna like, the whole waiting thing was really hard, and I felt really depressed and worthless during the whole time, but she held the soul in me. Eventually the next summer break came and we met again, this time planning on spending the whole summer with each other. We decided to meet up in a park not far from my grandparents' house. I got there at around noon, a couple minutes later than we planned, and she was sitting on a bench waiting for me. I quickly ran up to her and she gave me a hug, and then she set her hands on my face and gave me a kiss on the lips. I was 15 years old at the time and that was my first kiss.

 We spent the majority of the summer break together, but not as much of it as I'd liked to due to multiple reasons, some of which we didn't have control over, like the fact that she lived a bit far away from my grandparents' house, but some of which we did in fact have control over. She was telling me quite often that she's not in the mood to go out, which I had nothing against since we really did spend a lot of time together anyway, the thing is just that I wanted to commit as much time on her during the summer break as it was physically possible.

 At the end of the summer break we discussed that we'll be starting high school and we get to meet all sorts of new people, which I was a bit worried about since we all know that high school is where all the hookup culture starts, and she was a quite popular and pretty girl. On our last meeting, before me flying back to my dad, I asked her if she really loved me, which she said yes to, however, I also naively asked "forever?", and that's where her answer made me worried, since she said that she's not sure she wanted to wait all over again until next summer, but I pushed her into saying yes, and then we said farewell to each other with a long lasting kiss, while tears were rolling down our faces.

 Shortly after I flew back she went on a party with her soon to be classmates to get to know each other, and ever since that I noticed that something was wrong, she wasn't messaging me as often, maybe once a week which wasn't lot compared to around 4 hours of daily texting, which we did earlier, and whenever I asked she said that everything was fine and she misses me. However, around 2 weeks after she confessed that when she was going to the bus stop after the party, a guy joined her since he had to take the same bus, and it started raining, and the guy offered his jacket to her, which she accepted, and the guy hugged her from the back while putting the jacket around her, and they just stood there like that until they eventually kissed.

 I got depressed as hell, I started skipping school and got into all sorts of arguments with my dad and her then 23 years old girlfriend. All I wanted to do was to stay at home and sleep. I eventually got pushed into explaining all this with the girl to my dad, and he acted like it wasn't a big deal at all and he told me that I wouldn't get shit for Christmas if I didn't stop skipping school. So I went to school, however I wasn't listening during classes and I just stood there thinking and crying inside. This went on for about a month, and then I asked the girl if she's together with that guy, and she said no, it was just a quick thing she said, they didn't get into a relationship at all.

 I started begging her to let us start again and to stop acting like this, and she told me that our relationship doesn't satisfy her because we can't be together regularly. However, I told her that since I'm going to high school I'd start getting subsidies(in the country I'm living in, high school students get a small amount of money from the school every month) which I can save in order to meet her during the winter break too. This got her to agree, however this didn't last for long. I was asking my dad if I could get the money I'm supposed to get from school, since we agreed that I'd get it every month since literally everyone gets it from their parents, and it is paid to you after you turn 18, so it's yours. Then he told me that that money is not mine, and he needs it. I felt betrayed and angry. And I stopped going to school again since I just lost all my motivation. I didn't tell the girl about this however, since I was afraid of losing her. However, Christmas was approaching and I eventually had to tell her about the situations I was in. We were in a phone call, and a loud sigh left her mouth, and then she began telling me about that she has been in a relationship for 2 months with another guy, and she lost her virginity a week prior. I was spinning my key ring around my fingers during the phone call, and after hearing the detailed story about how she experienced her first time with that guy I aggressively threw the key ring against the wall and grabbed a pair of scissors laying on my desk and stabbed it right into my hand, the mark of which is still on my hand after 4 years. I was just laying there shouting and crying for some minutes, while she was listening quietly. Then she spoke up quietly and told me that she wouldn't want to be together with a psychopath like this anyway, then she hanged up.

 After this I was just totally destroyed and I barely did anything besides going to school and playing video games until I collapsed into sleep. Since I'm shit at making friends IRL, I spoke to people I met online. There was a woman who I texted with a lot back in the days and whom I still have contact with, however things went bad in her life and she doesn't have time on me anymore. I met her in a game strangely enough, she was apologizing for her son who talked shit to me during game, and after that we became good friends. She told me a lot about her life and held the spirit in me when I was feeling down, she's been a subject to human trafficking during her young days and is also a breast cancer survivor, knowing how bad she had it gave me a lot of inspiration and strength.

 I went into the next summer with absolutely no clue of what I'm going to spend my time with. But suddenly I got a message from the girl's friend telling me that my ex wants to meet me. So we met, and she gave me a kiss like nothing ever happened. We had a good time, and I was just lost in the moment, but eventually I asked her what she wants from me. The smile she had disappeared from her face, and she told me that she loves me but a relationship where I'm always away from here isn't a real relationship. She said she really wants me, but she wants me with her. I should also mention that a common friend was with us because we met him while taking a walk in the city. After she told me that, all I remember is that I started feeling really dizzy, and then I was laying beside a wall, my friend standing in front of me, he told me I fainted and started shaking while struggling to breath, he also handed over the thing that fell out of my pocket. He also told me that the girl acted like I was faking all this and went home, he tried to call her and explain to her that she isn't acting fair with me, but it had no effect on her. Ever since then I feel like it's my fault that I couldn't be with her, I just feel like she only dumped me because of my inability of being with her. 

 That summer was pretty "meh", but I managed to make something out of it, however, I no longer felt like spending the summer at my grandparents' was a refuge from my overall shitty life, or at least, not as much.  
My dad also bought a new house, which everyone was happy about, except me, for me it didn't matter all that much. And during Christmas I was hearing shouting from the kitchen, and I was just so tired of it, it I went out and I saw my dad's girlfriends brother, who was the same age as me, but he was hitting the gym and was about a head taller than me, he was rolling upp a cigarette for himself while aggressively shouting at someone. I can't really recall much of what was going on because I just woke up from sleep, all I felt was tiredness in every possible way, and I just wanted the shouting to stop so I took a kitchen knife and chopped it towards the guy's head from the back. After this, I threw the knife on the table and sat down on the floor inside the living room and stared at the wall. Shortly after the police came and took me to police station, where I explained everything that happened that night. The guy had to get his head patched together (don't know what it's called in English, but I mean the way the doctor fixes your skin if it gets damaged/ripped), and I spent a night in jail and I eventually got 80 hours forced labor, which would have been 8 months prison sentence if I hadn't been underage then. Prior to this my dad called my cousin's family who were living not too far away from us and told them to take me home to them because he isn't coming to get me home after I got out from one night in jail.

 Ever since then I've been living with my cousins family where I have to share a small room with my two cousins but at least I don't have to hear people shouting at 4:AM anymore every single night. I switched school after those events and I'm graduating high school just before summer. In the country I'm living in you have to choose a high school program where you have set courses and there are harder programs with more/harder courses which in return help you get into university/college easier. I've chosen the 2nd hardest program and my grades are doing fine for now. I'm planning to learn psychology in college since it has interested me for a while, I was thinking on taking programming, but I do have programming classes in school now, and it isn't as fun as I imagined it, however, I still manage to put together simple programs, which are mostly games as high school projects and it's somewhat interesting but the time you have to commit for it is just too much for me.

 My social life however is even more of a shipwreck than before, since I can't even talk to online friends due to the fact that I don't have my own room. I was on a random text chat app where I met a girl around 8 months ago now, and we really liked each other, however, the experiences from my latest relationship got me way too paranoid, but we decided to meet up sometime in the future. However, we couldn't really set a date, since we live far from each other and I've been struggling to find a weekend job, so things didn't seem to sort themselves out. And I tried to "break up" with her 3 times, but she talked me out of it. So I really thought she loved me. However, I didn't really have any motivation for the whole ting since we didn't even know when we would have been able to meet. And there was also this shy girl in my school who I asked out on a date, which she declined. And I kinda felt guilty about it so I told her about it, and begged for her to forgive me and I promised I'd never do such a horrible thing again. She was really sad but got over it eventually. However, now, almost 3 months after that happened she's telling me she doesn't love me the way she used to and we should just be friends. I've been trying to talk to her about this and she told me that she was thinking about me asking that girl out and it just got her completely demotivated about us. I spent the last week sleeping and crying a lot, and also begging her to give me a chance, which I kinda got. She told me that she will give her feelings some time to change, but she doesn't think they will. She also said she only does this because she'd feel bad for me if she left me alone. 

 I do understand that this was all my fault, but I also feel like this wouldn't happen if I could've been with her... you know... like people in real relationships who are together... I was so desperate that I wasn't thinking and.... everything is just a mess. I hate myself, and I hate life and it's all aspects at this point.

 The last 2 months I've also ignored school stuff, mainly because my new math teacher doesn't speak the language and I barely understand what he tries to say, so I have to gather everything from the book, my programming teacher is also mocking me because I called in sick and he tells me that he doesn't believe I was sick... like, come the fuck on... And I was about to get a pen from my backpack because the arts teacher allowed us to work in those group rooms we have at the school, and she was talking about memes and dogs with two of my girl classmates, and when she noticed me she angrily asked if I was really working(yea, all this while talking about memes with the other part of my class). She's been like this towards me ever since I've known her and I have no Idea what kinda problem she has with me.

 I was thinking about getting a weekend job so that I can rent a student apartment for myself but it turns out everybody who has a weekend job gets it from a relative or a friend. On certain weeks I leave my CV at 10 different retail stores, and I don't even get a job at McDonalds despite the fact that I even stated that I'm willing to work late nights too. When I ask people in my school, all I hear is that their dad or a friend got them the job they have.

 On top of all this, I'm 19, and I'm turning 20 this year, which means I'm soon no longer a teenager, and I really don't feel like I had an amazing time being a teenager. And I'm really not looking forward to getting older. The last thing I want is being a 30 year old virgin who doesn't have a job and never went to a party in his life.

 I have no Idea what to say if you read all of this... and I really don't know what to expect from you guys in the replies, but I just had to share it with someone. However, I'd really appreciate some serious thoughts on this, since I feel like I really put a lot of effort to write all this down here, so I don't want this to just disappear in the depths of reddit.

 I'm sorry it there are any typos or errors, but it's 4:40 AM at the moment and I'm way too tired to proof read all of this.