Trying to give myself reasons to liveSo I think I've had it with my life, no going to use a throwaway because I don't see the purpose anymore, I'll be dead within the hour anyway. I'm 24, with a dead end job and dead end life, I cut off contacts with my friends because they had become alcoholics, drug addicts or burnouts. My parents cut off support for me, I'll be homeless in a month once my paychecks are no longer able to cover my housing and bills. 

It's strange for me to think of how my life has made such a dramatic turn, when I graduated high school I had high honors, scholarships, but I had never had a relationship, or even kissed a girl. I had hopes though that college would change things I would finally be able to achieve my dreams, become a medical examiner and live a comfortable life, but off the bat things didn't go well. I failed to make new friends in college, and ended up hanging out with friends from high school. The first two years weren't bad, I did very well academically, but the loneliness and social isolation final caught up to me, around junior year of college they all began to get into alcohol heavily, becoming what you might call burnouts, and I followed suit. My grades fell and I barely graduated from college with a worthless humanities degree.

 I spent the following years at dead end food service jobs, drinking away my sorrows in the basements of the houses of my few remaining friends. I finally lost my virginity, but not in the way that I would've hoped for, I slept with my best friend's fiancée, I told him about it after a while of keeping silent and it ruined my friendship and I was kicked out of the apartment I shared with them, he took her back and I was left a defeated man. I tried to kill myself about and year and a half ago and was hospitalized for three days, hopped up and ativan and olazipan and let go. I saw counselors, tried to get back to school, but every time I would take classes my anxiety would take over and I would fail horribly. I took numbing myself through the only way I was taught how, through drinking. Even that had it's course as I was thrown in a detox clinic three months ago after I went on a bender and pulled a knife of some frat boys who were encouraging me to kill myself after a bunch of "friends" ditched me. I gave up my friends, the drinking in the basements and such was left very alone. Now even the friends that were left are beginning to fade away as my friends begin new relationships, I don't want to drag them down with my mopiness anymore, as the new year dawns I have resolved to not see another, sorry for the long and rambling post, I guess I just wanted to tell my story and I how I feel. Amanda I always have had a huge crush on you, thank you for always being there no matter what sorry I never had the balls to say how I felt. Reddit, you've been awesome, provided me with hours and hours of entertainment and making me not feel as alone in this world. Adios.