I'm going to call you, momI'm not sure what I am doing right now, things feel really messed up. Maybe dissociating a bit. 

I have no money, no job, no degree, hospital debt and you have not heard from me in 3 years. If it wasn't for my husband I'd be dead. I can't mention any of my problems to you mom or you'll take it upon yourself to use it against me. You've lied and manipulated me emotionally my entire life. I don't want your help... yet there's still this feeling there like I need something from you. Why?

You denied all that happened to me in the past. You said hardly did anything about what my brother did to me. You don't even know the worst of it all. I want to move on already.

This might be the most stupid way to push myself over the edge during extreme feelings or a reconciliation. "No emotions" if I call? I'm really doubtful. We both have bpd. I want help, of the professional kind. I've been reading this subreddit for awhile now and various suicide sites on the web for a long time. Many people are in pain. I live everyday with suicide thoughts. But since I've been getting better recently or so I thought til my health caved in, I thought I could just do it alone. Some people can't even get rid of their family if they wanted to. What do I want anyways? One of my friends committed suicide, I never got to say goodbye. A friend of a friend died and I don't want to be next, due to either suicide or because I'm becoming unhealthy from never ever going outside anymore.

I never can trust you mom. I want to forgive you but you never seem to change. I was going to tell you somethings, you sent pictures of being on vacation and I hesitated. I'm glad you're living a happy life without me... why do you bother to contact me? I would be over it already if you would just stop.

Maybe I should call a hotline instead. If anyone lies to me then, it would at least be lies without having to emotionally regulate and dissociate away memories behind them. Sorry if this made no sense.