I don't know what to do anymoreI don't even really know where to start this, so forgive me if I go all over the place.

I'm 21 years old, college student in Computer Science, 1 semester from graduation. Or at least I would be if I wasn't going to fail a course I am taking right now. I have a history of depression all throughout high school and it culminated in fall of 2010 when I talked with my mother about it. Her, as well as reading many posts on this board, helped me through it and I thought I was better. 

Lately though, I'm back in the same way I was back then, and I don't even know what to do about it anymore. I'm failing a course which I need to pass in order to graduate next fall, doing mediocre in my other classes, and feel like an all around disappointment and piece of trash. My mother has fully paid all of my college expenses, everything from food to books and tuition, and I feel like such shit that I am letting her and my entire family (who all expect me to graduate in next winter) down. Best thing- not even the first class I've failed for my major.

Lately, I've been considering strongly just ending it, and I've narrowed it down to either overdosing on drugs (I have a lot of medicine such as Strattera (which I am currently taking) as well as a bunch of an old prescription for Vyvanse) or some form of driving off a bridge. I go to a college hours away from my home, and will be getting home by driving over an area with many bridges, so this would be an entirely possible thing for me to do to make it seem like an accident.

The only reason that I honestly haven't already acted on it is I know that my mother and sister would both be crushed by it. My mother raised me as a single mother from the time I was young, and she would just feel like a complete failure which is probably the main reason I haven't done anything yet.

I don't have any real close friends to talk to, my apartment mates are nice and all, but they aren't people I could talk about anything this serious with. 

I just don't even know what to do anymore, I feel like the only way I could not be a complete embarrassment (my family is full of doctors, lawyers, other programmers, nuclear engineers, basically brilliant people) is by not even being alive anymore cause I'll never live up to their expectations of me. Just the pressure/expectations they have for me are weighing me down and making it feel like there's nothing else for me to do.

I don't want to die, I know that, but lately my plans/fantasies have been feeling like more and more of a viable way out of the pain and pressure, because there is no way I could tell my mother I failed a class (she doesn't even know about the first one I failed). Suicide has been sounding more and more enticing to me lately, and I just don't know what to do at this point. 

I've seriously considered checking myself into a hospital a few times lately, but with the end of the semester here, I will quite literally fail every course I am taking if I do rather than just the one. 

I feel like a pathetic waste of space, being so privileged and having so much more than so many other people have, but can't help just wanting to get done with this. I just want to move on, and can pretty honestly say if it wasn't for my mother and how she would react at this point, I wouldn't be here posting this.

Sorry if this was all over the place, but I just had to get this off my chest.