I've been depressed ever since I stopped using heroin, now I'm getting drunk and don't see the point of going on.Hi reddit, so I've been kinda depressed for awhile, at least, ever since I stopped using heroin (07/6). I've posted on Reddit a few times about the causes of my depression, about the girl I'm currently in love with, my loneliness, my best friend that I'm slowly losing, and of course heroin, but not much ever comes of it. It's kind of been a way to vent, so I wasn't too hurt when I didn't get much responses, but now I need help a lot of help. I noticed I haven't been happy ever since I stopped using heroin. The closest thing I've come close to is this girl, her name is Maria, I've known her for about 5 years and I've recently realized my love for her. She's kind of like my roommate, cause she's always crashing at my place or I'm always crashing at her place. We're basically with each other 6 days out of the week, and the day we're not, we're talking on the phone all day. She's helped me the most with my depression and almost made it completely go away, but she got a boyfriend, who happened to be a guy I was friends with (that friendship soon came to an end). Today they broke up, I was there to witness it and after they broke up she surprisingly, seemed happier. She talked about how she never loved him anyways, that she needed someone she could have fun with and not "just sex", she even told me they just had sex and I gave her the romantic feeling she needed, which that made me happy, but now she's telling me she's thinking about getting back with him. Which put me into a deeper depression. So I then go to my best friend to help me with advice, but he just jokes around and doesn't take it seriously, I then sent a message asking him to please take it seriously, to which he never responded. After all this I just sat down and started thinking, how much I've hated life ever since I stopped doing heroin, how heroin never made me happier. How, I just didn't want to live anymore. I don't want to feel anymore, I just want to go. With the girl I'm in love with asleep in my bed, thinking about another man (who doesn't even treat her well) and my best friend too busy for his own life, I feel like I'm bothering him these days. I know heroin will only make me happy at this point, but I can never go back to that, so... why not end it?