I am not okay.Hey! sorry in advance if this is gonna be a little bit hard to read. English being my third language isn't exactly my strong suite. And sorry if I go off track a bit. 

This is the first time I am ever really coming out about my feelings, so here goes nothing.  
I grew up in a very strict house hold. My parents are the "We raised a perfect child" type or the "We gave birth to a perfectly healthy young boy" type. And its just absolutely bullshit. And I feel like they are saying that because they are in denial because they know that there is something wrong with me, but they don't want to admit it. Through out my whole life I felt like I couldn't talk to my family, because as soon as something came up they would just shrug it off. Now I am not saying they don't love me. I know that they love me, and I love them just as much. But I just feel like I can't talk with any of them about my feelings. 

I remember in 9th Grade, school student guidance called my parents because I talked to them about suicide. I remember that my parents completely shrugged the whole situation off and said that I was just doing this for attention. 

Its been two years since that discussion and... my health has been completely degrading.   
I don't know how to exactly put it, but I realized that I only felt two emotions in the past few years. Sadness and Nothing. At days I feel completely nothing, no happiness no sadness no anger, I am just a walking corpse. and at days I feel sad. I feel so selfish for being sorry for myself. 

About a week ago a 9th grader committed suicide. I didn't know the kid, but it hit me in a personal level. It reminded me of how I felt in 9th grade. 

Suicide used to feel so surreal to me, but now it feels like a normal everyday thing. I can't stop fantasizing about killing myself, it brings my joy, and.. that just scares me.

I feel empty, I hate everything and everyone, I have no one in this world to talk to.   
I am not that "perfect child." I am not okay.