I'm 16 and I've had suicidal thoughts for more than a year nowIt's been a hard past couple of months and while I cannot compare to any other people here, and their sufferings, but I have my own cross and it's getting heavier day by day. 

I used to be good in school, so good. As high school started though things seemed to change, and even though I still excel in my favourite subjects, in others I barely have the motivation anymore (my eyesight isn't all that great and even though I asked my parents to have a check up we can't afford the costs of new glasses, my eyes make me tired and even though I still see clearly, it gets out of focus at times). I'm tired and I can't find my place at school. I don't exactly belong with any of the students, and while some are nice to me I can't seem to make friendships that last, or relationships for that matter. While other girls lust over x guy all I can think of is how nice it would be to jump off the building onto the concrete. I often get sad out of nowhere and I can definitely see why I am not all that fun. My interests are varied too, I read and learn languages, not anyone's passion that I know of, exactly. 

I've had people come and go in my life, most of them seemed to find better ones than me and forget. I only told around five people about my thoughts and they can't be of much help as they're simply strangers on the internet. Online I've had more luck meeting people, there's a larger pool of people who can understand me. I know most of the people who live here and while I do go out sometimes (I don't require much as I'm introverted) I feel lonely very often as of lately. The feeling makes me choke on tears, out of nowhere, I cry for five minutes hard, then I stop, a fog sets on my mind and I can't do much. I can't smile and I often need to run to my room and cry some more. I did tell my mom I have depression, she laughed it off, in my face. She can be really mean sometimes. Since then I've been reluctant to use this word, I don't know what to do about it. Therapists cost a lot, our school counselor isn't exactly meant for this, they help with "real" problems. 

As my body developed quite early I had to deal with 40 something year old men just drooling over me when I was just 12. It all hurts to this day, I'm self conscious and never wear low cut shirts, I want to draw as little attention towards me as possible. I've been grabber on the street several times while 13, it's a lot of emotions I needed to deal with at that age, it still makes me cry now sometimes. 

I'm writing this through tears, I don't even know why I didn't make a throwaway, I stopped caring. I'm scared and I'm tired. I know I'm young and full of hope and all that, I can't exactly see anything good in the future. Sure it gets better, I'm just upset. I'll never get to experience teen years normally, happily. I'm turning 17 soon and I've only been on a date ever. The people that I loved left never to return and I'm tired. I'm sorry for the blabber, I'm sorry for the time you lost with me. 

I'm sorry.