The downward spiral continues.Let's try this again.

I wrote up a... 'thing' ~1 year ago. [Here is the link to it](http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/hu8tp/this_feels_pointless_and_i_see_no_light_at_the/).

Surprisingly little has changed since then from a mental standpoint. From the events of my life, there have been a few changes. I am partially pursuing music, which is probably what I need to be doing with my life. No, not writing songs, but singing. I went on various music tours and had people tell me, "Hey, if you studied this stuff and had a foundation in music theory, you could definitely have a career as a singer."

That may be one of those possibilities way down the road if I survive, but who knows if I'll last that long. This would probably be a good time to read the last thread I wrote; click the link.


I now work 6 days a week for jobs that pay $10/hour. I am rapidly approaching 30. I live on a building on my parents' property (non mom&amp;dad's house thank fuck), my car is still in need of several thousand dollars worth of repairs, so I ride a motorcyle to work. No issues there, really; I like the gas savings. I continue to get fatter and fatter, and drink vodka several nights a week to keep out out of my own head. This is probably some sort of defense mechanism on my subconscious level, because vodka makes me happier and stupid. I'd have probably offed myself long ago without it. 

I have been blessed/cursed with a high IQ. Mentioning this causes resentment most of the time, because people hate to admit the possibility that others are smarter than them. I could have 3/4 my intelligence quotient and still be on the right side of the IQ bell curve. At this point I assume I would rather be happy than smart. Drinking dumbs me down, but if I drink too much I see through my own facade and know this enjoyment is only temporary. Even social drinking is a delicate borderline-scientific experience.

I just want to die. There are a few things that I would like to live to see through, but most aren't worth the effort. I am very lonely. I do not talk to anyone about what I feel. Never. Opening up to another human means letting down my mental defenses, and that means there is a possibility that human can manipulate and/or control my way of thinking. I WILL NOT BE CONTROLLED. I realized this obstinance is stupid and serves no purpose, but that is my mentality. I would gladly die before submitting to another's will. I don't think I have a strong survival instinct.

Obviously, there is some part of me clinging to life. That part of me is what you're reading right now. The rest has long since checked out, and is just waiting for me to make a choice to either end it all or take steps to try and fix my trainwreck of an existence. Not even sure how I'd do the latter at this point. I don't even fucking know why I'm writing this out, much less submitting it. It's not like I welcome the suggestions with open arms; my response is completely guarded and hesitant.

Maybe this is just selfish of me, but please ... try and win me over with an argument of logic. *Why go on?*. Don't use the shitty argument of "oh it's so selfish to kill yourself." That's a stupid argument and I could rant about that for a while about how the accusor is, in fact, the selfish one demanding the suicidal person remain in tormential existence for their own comfort. I talked with a friend over AIM a while back who was dealing with a friend who committed suicide. This person on AIM was angry, and insinuated that their dead friend was, 'a coward' and/or, 'took the coward's way out'. You know what? Fuck if I even care if you think it's the 'coward's way out'. Fuck you for demanding that I stay alive just so you feel better about yourself.

WHAT IS THE POINT