I'm having some intense suicidal urges, but I know they're not logical. I need help.(warning: long read)

My life has been heading steadily downhill since I started college and I just want to check out. I can barely find any enjoyment in anything anymore, my family + roommates treat me like shit, and I feel like I have nobody to turn to for help. Depression isn't new to me, I've had suicidal thoughts since middle school, but never any serious plans to act on them. I've been bullied and emotionally abused for years, but I thought that would finally stop when I got away from my family.

The last time I nearly reached my breaking point was in high school, when I couldn't sleep, couldn't eat, couldn't stop crying, and forgot how to read. Thanks to the last one, I was legitimately incapable of doing my work and chose to drop out rather than watch my grades fall and get kicked out. Once my depression waned a little, I got my act together, studied, took the SATs, got my GED, and got into a local college on a merit scholarship. I thought I had turned my life around and that I would study what I loved and be happy.

Since getting to college, I have discovered that my chosen major is not what I love. I hate it. I have absolutely no interest in pursuing a career in that field. I'm sure people will say "it's your freshman year, stick it out" but I know beyond any doubt that this is not what I want to do with my life. I can't switch to the major I really want (Illustration) because I know I'll end up working minimum wage forever, and my college also requires a portfolio to switch to Illustration, which I don't have because I never took any art courses (thanks to the whole dropping out of school thing). I'm feeling all of my old symptoms coming back. I don't feel hungry, and I've lost interest in eating. I can't fall asleep at night. I keep crying, which I never do. But most of all, I can't do my work. I keep staring at this assignment which should take me an hour and I can't figure out how to do it. It's extremely simple, but I just can't understand it.

I have four roommates - three of which are sophomores who are making it a very shitty experience to live with them, but that's another story. The fourth one is my cousin, which I now know was a huge mistake to choose to live with. She keeps telling her parents about her personal life, which I play a big part in, and that news gets back to my parents quickly, who then call me to scream at me about an exaggerated or fabricated version of reality. Today my boyfriend was in rage-mode because a professor completely fucked over his GPA, and he came over to my dorm to vent, play some videogames, and calm down. My cousin has an illogical hatred for him, and is constantly talking shit about him to me even though they have literally no interaction with each other, so I thought it probably wouldn't be fun if she came back right then. I texted her "Hey can you please not come back to the dorm right now, [boyfriend] is over". She flipped out, started calling me and him names, asking how dare I tell her she can't come back to where she lives, etc. (I should probably add that she was hanging out with a group of people on a separate campus that's a 20 minute bus ride away. She had no plans to come back until I asked her not to, at which point she decided she wanted to come home just to spite me) She then called her parents telling them how I forced her to skip class (???) and that I kicked her out of our room. They called my parents, and I received a screaming phone call about being a shitty person and trying to destroy my cousin's college career. Now her parents want her to change dorms. She came back a few hours later and has given me the silent treatment despite my repeated explanation of how it was a misunderstanding and I didn't mean to offend her or make her feel unwelcome.

To make things even better, my boyfriend ended up coming over for about an hour and a half, playing a single-player game, writing over my save on purpose, and leaving to go hang out with his friend. I was invited to come along, but then he refused to unlock his car door for me, laughed, and drove off. I can't tell if this was an extremely douchey thing to do or if I'm just emotional.

I realize that today was just one day, and everyone has shitty days, but it was really just the straw that broke the camel's back. I've felt like I can't handle college since I started. I don't belong here, I'm not an intellectual, I'm not studious, I don't even think I want to learn anymore. I don't want to be in college anymore, but I can't drop out. It would be incredibly ungrateful to throw away a scholarship like that, and then what would I do? I can't move back home - that's where all of my problems come from. I have literally no money to my name, and there's no chance of my parents helping me if I drop out. I would go get any job I could and save every penny to try to find somewhere else to live, but I don't have a car. I feel trapped, and while I wouldn't say this is the most depressed I've ever felt, this is the sharpest turn downwards my depression has ever taken. I don't want to wake up tomorrow. I have no support system, and that tells me not very many people would give a shit if I disappeared. I can't resolve my rational thoughts with my emotions and this intense urge to erase myself.