It's my birthday...And I can't help but think maybe it'd be fitting to end it here.

Nobody has wished me a happy birthday other than my drunk mother, who doesn't actually care about me at all. I'm just a vessel to accept all of her own sadness. Anytime I try to talk to her about how I feel, she ends up in a one-up contest, trying to say how much worse she has it than I do. I had a panic attack in public two days ago, but all she could say was, "you think you have it bad? I didn't put the hamburger in the sink this morning!" 

None of my friends have said a word to me. They're all talking about their own things. They see me online. They were even playing the same games I was. But they didn't say happy birthday, didn't invite me, nothing. They don't care about me. They say they do, but they never show it. They don't talk to me unless they want something from me. My brother and a group of our other shared friends got together and hung out. I wasn't invited. And when he got home from their get-together, my brother sat and talked about how much fun they had for 30 minutes, never even told me happy birthday.

I'm the type of person that I am READY, minutes before midnight, to be the first one to wish them a happy birthday. Because I want their day to start off from second one with happiness and knowing that they're loved and appreciated. I don't even expect the same thing from them, I just didn't expect that they'd go the whole 24 hours ignoring me. Even when I openly expressed that I feel so lonely that death seems preferable, that I'm currently looking for a way to do it (I have a specific method in mind), they just keep on talking about how happy they are about their gaming session. 

Work is too much. I work so hard, but because I work hard, everyone expects more and more of me. I don't have anything left to give.

I'm 31 today. Nobody loves me. I don't see the point in living if all I'm living for is continuing to suffer. I've seen my family get over suicides before. Why would I be any different?