An interesting titleI'm tired, really tired, I can't bring myself to even fake smile anymore. People around me are getting angrier and angrier with my behaviour, but I just can't pretend I'm happy and calm all the time anymore. 
A few years ago my best friend comitted suicide, I've been struggling with socializing ever since. I got too needy, scared and nervous around people and eventually I drove most of them away from me, now I'm doing that once again with the new people I managed to stick to and call friends, or even lover in this case.
No matter what, I just feel like I'm destined to fail again and again until I'm left completely alone, I can't bring myself to be okay, or feel okay, or pretend I'm not worried all the time. 
I have this girlfriend, she is pretty incredible, but she is very similar to that best friend I mentioned. She deals with a lot of mental health issues, there is always some shit going on with her life and how she sees herself, and it's starting to get painfully worrying. I can't sleep anymore thinking that when I wake up she'll just be fucking dead, that no matter what I do or say she'll end up like that, and she's noticing that I am more and more of a mess around her, not because I want too, but because I'm too nervous and scared about her.
I just don't want to live through that again, I don't want to lose anyone else like that, I don't want to lose her to that, I can't. And I feel like I'm worthless and helpless even, I can't help her, I'm trying my best but I know that nothing I ever do will change how she feels, and still I feel like I need to do something, I just don't know what nor how, if I knew my friend would still be alive and I wouldn't worry about her killing herself every 5 minutes.
I just don't know what to do or who to talk to, but this whole situation is plaguing my thoughts and how I live, I feel drained all the time, I can't find the energy to do things I used to love, or even enjoy being around her anymore. I love her, but it's starting to hurt. Like a lot. I don't know if I can force myself to be a patience and calmness pillar for her anymore.