I just feel so ruined!!So up until two years ago my life was alright. I was close to graduation. My life was about to start. I couldn't wait to move abroad to teach English. Start a family and so on.

However, between 18 and 27 years old I had a habit of smoking cigarettes and joints. I'd constantly do that. 15 cigarettes and 5 joints per day or some shit. Maniacal behavior. I had a poor diet too.

After I quit I start to really, really regret it. I feel like my life is ruined. I start eating normal food. I go to the gym. I can't believe I used to smoke. I start to realize: eh dude, life is fucking fragile. people just suddenly get a heart attack or cancer and then it's over.

So I remember last year around new year's eve I collapsed. Just staying in bed. My brain just repeating all the time that I'm going to get lung cancer. This goes on for a while. Unbearable feeling. Feel so bad. Just crying all the time and so on. Because I'm so depressed I do extremely illogical shit like texting my ex. I had rudely dumped her, but she was much older than me. 

She's this stereotypical neurotypical person. Doesn't understand mental illness. However, I'm fucking depressed so I don't have self-respect and just want to cry to everyone about my regrets. I write a sentimental message about missing her, dumping was a mistake, blablabla. Never expected to get her back. Just wanted to talk. In her head something has flipped though. She hates me now because she got dumped by me. And then in some random impulse I write extremely suicidal texts to her after she blocked me and I made a new account. 

She gets angry 'get a life' and I'm like 'I just think it's too late'... She's like 'nothing is too late, you're just living in your tragic mind'... And blocks me. I make a new account to explain that I smoked so much. 'So what? Your choice to live in a dumphole'... Blocked again. I keep making new accounts while she keeps engaging and blocking me all the time. For me it's a bit surprising how hostile she is. She always really cared about me so why is she being so rude? Maybe in her mind she thinks being rude is the way to get me to stop, but I'm sooooooo depressed and being very illogical and irrational due to that. Then she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'... And I'm like: huh, that's my whole problem. Having changed a lot. 

But: she's talking about irrational behavior. Once I was arguing with random people at a festival. Back then after it happened I was like 'oh shit why did I do that :(' and she was like 'ooooh it's fine, not that bad!'... But now she suddenly brings that up.

In the end she explodes. She writes an awful message to me. One thing she writes is 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... 'Tragic whiner fickle loser king!!!'... 'forecasting that you're going to die? I don't fucking care!'

What. The. Fuck. I understand that I was being annoying, but saying things to me that will stick with me for the rest of my life is just too much. Breaking my spirit... Especially that 'you'll never learn how to live your life' cuts so deep... It's like: you're nothing but a loser and whatever you try, you'll always remain one. Then it starts repeating in my head at an unbearable rate. I have so much emotional pain because of it. Out of frustration I start spamming THE SHIT out of her. In the beginning insults and other things. Like I was just filled with rage towards her. I couldn't contain myself. I feel like: holy shit, you've just ruined my mental health forever. How can you be sooooo awful. 

I hated her so much back then that I wrote shit back that I really regret like 'gaijin-hunter' etc... Then I feel regret and write more peaceful things back... I get more and more annoyed at her refusal to talk with me so I just keep writing everyday because I'm like: no way that we're going to end it like this. I was completely fixated on writing messages to her as a pathetic idiot. I was so depressed so I couldn't deal with that shit in a healthy way. This went on for like 4 months. Nearly non-stop I did it. Such a horrible message filled with insults while I was already so fucking low was the worst thing that could happen to me. 

Now we're 9 months later. I tried again occasionally. I still hear it repeat in my head so often. At work yesterday just thinking about it non-stop. It created this horrible obsession in my head. Like it was the final blow to mentally destroy me. I've had a bad childhood with abuse and both parents dying. Then I start smoking too often. I quit. I could have looked at the past two years as being reborn, but I feel like this situation has ruined it and permanently damaged me as a person. I'm constantly grumpy. I'm constantly thinking about this. I feel like it has sucked all the good out of me. It has turned me into an awful person. She mocked me so heavily and I think that's the worst thing someone can do because it brought out the worst of me and now I've ruined my life story.

I really struggle to see a future for myself after having acted like such a maniac this year. I wrote countless messages to her so her instagram must be filled with weird texts from me. Also her LinkedIn... I couldn't stop. I will never do it again because it's pointless and I want her to forget about me, but that leaves me with this unsolvable problem. Feel like I will never be able to forgive myself. Feel like I will never heal from this. Feel like killing myself is the best solution.