I know I'm good but still wanna end it allHi people. Here's my story. I'm 17 yrs old male, living in Poland, objectively an overachiever. No intent for self-brag or sth like that. I am a valedictorian, member of youth european parliment, youth city council, getting prime minister's merit-based scholarship twice in 
a row, taking part in social projects etc. My current goal is to study in the US. I'm on my way in short. 

I'm feeling down all the time, just do not show it when in public. Why do I have to grind 24/7 if that all means nothing to the world. Teachers are being cynical to me. I have a group of close friends, but I wouldn't rely on them really. In school I cannot fit in the crowd, since I feel like they all(with some exeptions) try to make me feel like a bitch. I know it may sound funny, but in reality I help them whenever I can, share my homework, negotiate with teachers and they still find me egoistic and selfish. Some of them just have no respect and straight out ignore me. I used to give a bigger damn about it in the past, but it still stays in me. 

I don't have a girlfriend. I'm not a virgin to point it out. I would really like to have someone (it's not about sex at all, I don't really enjoy it cause I have a moral hangover afterward) close to help in hard moments, and basically to share our lives with each other, since I basically have noone. My parents are not really interested in me. I fall easily in love, which if both frustrating and strengtening. Today I got a message that I didn't get into a conference, which is important for me because i applied with a girl which I really like, and now I let her down. I will try to talk to organisers to fix this but I feel bad with myself again.

And the main point. My life currently is staying awake till 2am to get everything straight and I hate it so much that i need to take medicaments mixed with red bull to pull everything off. I have problems with finding the right girl. Everything I start personally, fails. My life is miserable (apart from the school) enough to have dark thoughts. I am doing what I hate to prove sth to others and myself. In the end everything: career love happiness depends on pure luck and attitude of others, and I do not wanna participate in this system. Thats not how humans are supposed to live. I don't know why humans promoted themselves to some kind of uberbeing, while all we are is a bunch of more developed monkeys. I think that the best way to fight this stupid system is to quit it, in a bath with blood flowing and nice music playing in the background. I am going to psychiatrist today. Hope he will talk me out of killing myself but on the otherside I would like to end all of this pressure, greed and lottery. I have huge plans. But I'm ready to abandon them for good.

I am not sure what answers to expect, please be honest and realistic about my situation. 

I'm tired of running for nothing