I'm tired and I can't go on.I've lived for years with untreated and treated depression. I developed an alcohol problem. Drink just doesn't suit me. I don't drink every day. It's just sometimes I go crazy. I busted up the house last week. Last year I did something similar. I tired so hard to change in between with counselling etc. The other night came out of the blue. I just sat down to have a drink. One hour later I was blackout drunk and getting arrested. For the last few months conversations with my wife have shown that my life was not what I thought it was. It's been one big lie. Now divorce obviously. No one wants to live with an agressive drunk. 
But I've wanted to fall asleep and not wake up for such a long time. I had therapy for this just before Christmas and it went really well. But now it's all gone to shit again. I'm just too tired. I'm getting lots of pressure to make financial commitments and write things down. I hate the person I've become. This was never the plan. My sense of reality seems completely warped. I don't know up from down anymore. I don't know who I am. I just know I've enough. I've hurt the 3 people in the world I care the most about and love the most be being incapable of putting there needs before my own. Now they don't want to know me. I'm 45 years old and living in my parents box room. I can't do it. I had a nice life. A great future ahead. It's all gone now. It's living in a small room, working day and night to pay my own bills and support my estranged family. I'm a coward. I know that. I'm selfish  I know that too. 
The sertraline isn't helping anymore. I've stopped drinking and started with an online support group. But I just don't care anymore. I want to sleep forever. I have 3g of Sertraline and 33g of paracetamol. I reckon that plus a half bottle of whiskey should do it.  I'm going to go for a walk tomorrow. I have an isolated spot picked out so I should be undisturbed. I'm leaving my phone at home so I can't call for help. I'm leaving no notes for anyone. It's just easier this way.