Thoughts about it  The past few days I've been thinking "I should really just die" a lot more than usual. I feel like I've done way too many things wrong and it's irreversible at this point. I'm still hopeful, but realistically I don't know any actual solution. Maybe it's just a combination of things. I can't talk to people well, nobody even really knows me. I don't even know who I am, I'm not confident in anything I say or asserting who I am as a person. Realistically I'm an ugly loser who people use because I don't defend myself for lack of courage. There's literally nothing to me, I have zero personality, I'm just a bag of blood and organs. 


  The last couple days I've been researching the best ways to commit suicide, the best tools, things to know about etc. It feels like the only useful employment of my time, since I feel like it's the only thing I should really be doing. I feel like it's my duty to die because I'm such a waste of space. However my parents already feel guilty because both me and my sister have major depression and I think they feel it somehow has to do with them. If I killed myself I don't think there's much doubt that they'd blame themselves. 


  So I'm just here, a trash person who is here because my parents wanted a kid and now they're attached to me/biased towards me because I'm theirs. I don't blame them in any way, but that's really how it is. 


  I don't really want to die, I just feel like a disgrace if I keep living. I just need to fix myself, but I've been like this for my whole life. I think I've improved a little maybe, since I can respond to people somewhat, but who knows? Maybe I've made no progress whatsoever. Whenever I used to visit people's homes or any place in general, I tried to make myself smaller and not touch anything even in passing, or move anything at all, because I felt like I had no right to be there. I used to eat my lunch in a bathroom stall in school because I was too afraid of the lunch room in middle school. I'd like to think I've progressed past those things just a little. 


  I used to feel like whenever anyone talked to me they were doing me a huge favor and I should treat them as such and shouldn't say anything that could be taken even slightly out of line, and I shouldn't joke around, I should be quiet and respectful. Since I perceive everyone to be above me, at least in social skills. I still feel like this. 


  


This isn't urgent in any sense I don't believe, I just wanted to talk into the air about this since I feel like I have nobody else to talk with. I would have posted in /r/depression but their sidebar says anything specifically with suicide should probably be here instead.