I'm really feeling close to ending it...I just don't see a whole lot of reason to go on. First, there's my ongoing problems. A 19 year old who is depressed and never leaves home. I have no motivation or aspirations. They've all been drained out of me over the years and has been almost entirely depleted. And even then, I always wanted something outside of my abilities. I'm book smart, and that's it. Math, memory, etc. Stuff in the brain. But I never wanted that for myself. I've lost a lot of interest in video games. And I can't shut myself away and listen to music because my father won't let me. Complained it's too loud, but if I can hear anything, it defeats the purpose. Plus, he goes around with his monotone singing and he can hear his music and he doesn't care.

Which brings up a more recent point. My father has begun drinking hard liquor, a LOT of it. He's become emotionally abusive, insulting his kids, and his girlfriend (my mother), despite her making the sole income. And I don't like confrontation, so I just shut down whenever he gets in my or anyone else's face. My older brother kept him in check, but he has moved out. 

I have nowhere to go. I didn't have any real friends in high school. Can't go there to calm myself. I can't get a job. I'm too anxious to go asking for one, and I'm prone to screwing things up. I usually just listened to music and kept to myself, but as I said, I can't do that anymore. I can't even go for a walk because I know I'm going to get scolded about that.

So, to sum up. No support, nowhere to go, terrible home situation, no longer any suitable escapism. I've been depressed since age 12, maybe earlier. I've getting the urge to just literally lay in bed and sleep. Because sleep is the only time I feel safe and okay. I've never committed major self-harm, but my will to live is getting consumed day by day. I don't think I have the courage to end it, but who knows? It's becoming more and more an attractive option... Can someone just... I don't know... What do I do?
