I am deeply sad.Hi my name is Jake, 

I'm 18 years old and a freshman in college. I have no reason to be sad, I am in peak physical condition, my grades aren't horrible (1.98 last semester, this semester I have mostly b's but my computer science class has been a serious anchor more on this later), I'm smart, I'm funny, I'm attractive, I have a car, I'm in one of the best fraternities in the country, I'm a privileged upper-middle class white kid. I have no reason to be sad but the truth is I am sad, very sad. 

I can actually point to the specific date and time where I believe this started. At 5:32 7.29.12 my dad came into my room while I was playing minecraft with my friends (this was unusual my parents rarely came into my room) he asked me to come downstairs when I immediately knew something was wrong. My grandmother had ALS at the time so I assumed she took a turn for the worst. I was wrong my parents informed me that they were getting a divorce. This tore my world apart for a while I mean I don't think any kid thinks their parents are going to get a divorce unless things were really outwardly bad. To me though it seemed like my parents still cared for each other and it pained me to see them slowly become more and more bitter towards each other.

This effected some of my decisions that I don't think were very beneficial to me. I chose to go to college in a state that I hate (Az) just because it was far away from my family. Don't get me wrong my university is awesome but goddamn does this fucking state suck. Nothing but sand and dirt and cactus oh I almost forgot about the BLISTERING SUN which is never abated by rain or clouds. 

Once school actually started it gave me some much needed distraction. First semester started SO SO well, I was going to every class, doing all my homework etc. The fraternity process that semester took a serious toll on me. Once I started into it I felt like I had to choose. Be cool or be smart because I sure as hell didn't have time for both. It's not like I didn't try either at one point I was waking up at 6am to work out from 6:30 - 7:30 class from 8-9 then from 11-1 and again at 2:30 - 3:45 and every tuesday and thursday a lab from 5-7. Then I had to be at the house (frat house) with all of my spare time (getting to know the brothers, smoking weed, drinking beer etc.) so that usually put me there anywhere from 5-1am. That wasn't even on days where we had parties (got home around 4:30 - 5). I burnt myself out quick on that, stopped working out, started skipping class etc.

The semester ended with me in a fraternity and my grades not in a good spot. Great I traded my smarts for some dumb ass letters. Second semester also started well, and it was going alright up until a couple weeks before spring break (which was a couple weeks a go). I started thinking about the future a lot and what I wanted to do and I knew that I wanted to work in Japan for a little bit out of the year so I did the rational thing a took Japanese. 5 credits of the hardest class I have ever attempted. The class was labeled as a 101 intro course for people that had no experience with the language. Welp when I showed up on the first day 85% of the class already knew more Japanese than I ever hoped of learning in one semester. This of course encouraged the teacher to move at a ludicrous pace. Anyway I was failing that class pretty handedly so I had to drop it. That stressed me out a lot and didn't really help the whole depression issue. 

My computer science class this semester is what has me particularly worried. I am 3 projects behind and I feel like I have no hope at catching up and I feel like I'm going to be a worthless college drop out working at McDonalds or some shit. Every time I sit down at my computer I get paralyzed, I don't know why or what happens but I'll just sit there and I don't know how to describe it other than 'zoning out'. It isn't like I slip into a day dream either its more of me being conscious of the fact that I am just sitting there but time somehow just gets away from me and the next time I check the clock its been 1-2-3 hours. I don't even do anything like reddit or youtube, just sit there being paralyzed looking at my assignment being taunted by it. As if its saying haha I know you won't finish me. 

My friends (outside of the fraternity) have also changed. It may just be my perception of them but damn some of them I feel may have gone off the deep end. They take my food, use my car, mess with things on my computer and generally mess with my stuff when I'm not in the room. Now I made very clear rules at the beginning that no one was to: Eat my food, drive my car without asking, NEVER touch my computer unless its for chrome and finally don't fucking touch my bed/blankets. They were VERY good about all of these rules until maybe 1-2 weeks before spring break. Slowly but surly (hate to say it like this but) I almost think they were slowly breaking the rules just to see if they could piss me off. It worked. They don't feel like friends anymore to me. This is taxing on my emotions.

Randomly throughout the day I get sudden extreme 'sadness' that isn't really caused by something that I can quantify and pinpoint, I get choked up and feel tears welling up in my eyes. It feels like I'm crazy after writing down all of this because of how much shit I can't believe I've had to deal with up until now.

The point of my post is that I have been seeing a psychiatrist and taking anti-depressants for a while now and it hasn't helped me in any significant way and I'm done trying to fix this. My life is very insignificant, there are 12 - 35 people that would be truly sad to see me go. In a world of 7.2 billion in a galaxy 100,000 ly across in a universe infinitely vast, letting down 35 people doesn't seem like a big deal.

EDIT: Grammar