i feel like i need suicide as a fallback to surviveI have been suicidal for a long time for many reasons. I am mentally ill, scared of people, feel a lot of pain all the time, my mom is abusive + toxic as with the rest of my family, and I feel like I am so mentally and physically damaged that I won't even make it out of my house, more.  When I think about suicide I get caught up about how if I fail, i'm just gonna be so desperate to die without having to deal with my mom or anyone that I will go out into the street and my entire neighborhood and close friends will see me walking and send me back and I will never get to die, or it will be too nervewracking and scary to walk down the street that I will just chicken out and go back somehow. I've never really gone anywhere or done much of anything by myself and I always feel empty as a person. So I feel like when I grow up or go out and do something on my own I will just topple over and die from fear and patheticness. A lot of other people, including my mom, sister, and people at school have all seemed to share the notion that I am basically going to commit suicide in the future and this replays in my head a lot  I feel like it is true and I have already ruined so much of myself in my early childhood (fucked my brain up with porn, didn't pay attention in school, bad serotonin levels, super bad constipation from not wanting to poop) that there is no point in me going forward. I don't want to give everybody what they want but I feel like it is what everyone basically expects of me. I've even heard people in school say they would commit suicide if they were me and it just makes me feel like my life is impossible in the grand scheme. My porn addiction collaborates with my gender dysphoria and overactive imagination to basically give me these super automatic impulses to try and override my dysphoria by pretending i am a cis male (i don't know why i do this, maybe it is because of visual attraction to them and not having the right genitals to masturbate i really dont know) and it really has fucked me up. I have super low iron and other vitamin levels and just deplete them daily to the point where it is giving me health problems. I wake up everyday with really bad dehydration even when i drink 2+ liters of water and tight blood vessel pain and I don't know why it is happening but it makes everything in my head feel more intense and hopeless too. I don't want to have to be cared for by someone or be someones little baby because of my stupidity and make everything and everyone around me feel uncomfortable and awkward. In mental hospitals, I feel super guilty as someone has to pay for me to be there and to be honest I feel like my mental illnesses are wrapped under a lot of layers of internalization, isolation, and repression so I feel like I'm faking them even though I know i'm probably not. Therapists even seem scary and a lost cause (I stink, really can't function in public/social situations, etc) so it's just like I really really feel like suicide is the only option for me but that's scary because I probably don't have enough good pills or anything to kill myself, and it feels so mentally intense and self hating that I will probably end up slicing and ripping myself alive which will be super painful