I think my brother is going to kill himself any day now and I don't know what to do...I don't even know if this is the right subreddit to be posting this.

But here it goes:

My brother has had issues with drugs/alcohol since he was about 17.

It started with a DUI, and has escalated every year.

At 23 he was arrested for accidentally going into the wrong house (he thought it was is) because he was so drunk. He stumbled into the bedroom of a married couple. He's lucky they didn't shoot him.

At 24 he had a seizure on the Las Vegas strip because he took too much LSD and MDMA at the same time.

At 25 he was accused of a sex crime while being under the heavy influence of drugs and alcohol. I don't want to go into the details, but he claims innocence.

He's now facing a court date. It's coming up in just a few weeks.
When it first happened my parents bailed him out. So he's been existing in society waiting for his court date. And that date is eating away at him.

He's talked about killing himself on an almost daily basis.

He's gone into "self-destruct" mode more than a few times since this has happened. By this I mean, he will take a ridiculous amount of drugs at once to escape reality.

The most recent happened last night. He did a combination of: DMT, alcohol, and mushrooms.

When he goes into self-destruct mode, nothing matters. He is not only a danger to himself, but also others. My parents caught him driving during the last stint and had to take away his keys when he arrived at their house.

I spoke to him on the phone today and asked him what happened last night. In so many words he told me, "I know there's a problem, but I have to WANT to change. And the truth is, I don't want to."

The thing is, I don't think that is true. He told me he "doesn't want to" after having a self destructive episode. 

However, when he's not under the influence of drugs, he's pretty mentally stable. 

He meditates every single day. He reads up on self-help and philosophy. I know he doesn't want to live like this. 

At this point, I just don't know what to do. I feel like he's going to kill himself any day now. 

He's been to MANY therapists and psychiatrists over the years. He has 0 respect for them. He feels like they don't actually relate to or understand him.

This whole thing is destroying me and my family. I'm angry. I'm confused.

I have no idea how to help him.
