Wanting to explain my reasoning to someoneI don't really know why I keep posting here, but I guess I started on this subreddit with this account so I feel I owe it to end on this account too. But also so that I don't have to repeat my entire life story. I am suicidal. I am suicidal because I feel like I can finally relax. My loved ones are finally taken care of, and I don't need to be around anymore. It's like when you beat the main story in a video game. When you're done, there's nothing really left to do but just stop playing.

I've met some truly amazing people on this subreddit, people who don't even know me but tried to fight tooth and nail for me to chance my mind. But I'm stubborn. I want to go, but there's this teeny tiny voice in my head telling me that I want to explain this to someone. I live with two amazing people, my fiance and my childhood friend. However, I can't share this with them at all. My fiance already took me having depression extremely poorly, so telling her about this would cause her to emotionally explode. My roommate is actually much more viable to talk to, but because of mental health reasons, he finds in-person conversations extremely stressful and I don't want to stress him out. We did have a heart-to-heart earlier this week where he told me I could tell him anything (which was a huge relief, my failing mental health tried to convince me he was tired of me again. I even posted about it on this account last week. I should probably delete it since I was just giving in to my stupid thoughts again) and he promised he won't react as bad as my fiance, but I just don't want to stress him out any more than I already am. I swear the guy is psychicly linked to me and already seems like he may know a thing or two about me.

Later today, I'm going to go drinking with some co-workers. We're planning on just letting out steam and talking about our problems, and I think I'm gonna tell them about this. I don't believe they'll emotionally explode when they hear me say it. And with any luck they'll actually listen to me. I just feel like if I don't talk to someone about, I'll either emotionally explode myself from the stress of keeping this in for so long or die feeling... Idk what's the proper word it... Incomplete?