Not sure if this is where this goes....I have never been good at any sort of small talk so I will just jump right in...lately it seems the only thing I can think of is just how awful I am, I want nothing more than to kill myself and I have been feeling this way for maybe 4-5 months now. The only reason I haven't is because I thought I needed to stick around for my wife's sake. 

Let me explain. My entire life I was raised with severe anger issues, like the kind where I broke a kids nose in 4th grade because he looked at me weird (I have a massive port-wine stain birthmark covering half my face and most of my chest.) In my adolescence I was able to somewhat get in control of it. Though it does cause many problems still. Now I am 21 years old...I should be able to handle some fucking anger. But it seems I can't. 

Throughout my life I have never had a decent work ethic. And I have always had major problems with authority. It let to me barely passing HS (I officially recieved my last 12 credits after I got my diploma thanks to a very patient HS counselor) and not being able to hold down a job. 

I can't seem to think with any emotion unless it is in the extreme. I don't feel love until it is to an almost overwhelming amount. Part of gaining control over my anger issues was to learn to ignore emotion. Now people call me "the robot" because emotion hardly shows any more, not until it manifests in an overwhelming amount. 

Last thing before I describe the main issue, and this is where most of you, if not all of you, will call BS and stop reading. (not even sure why I type away on this post) no-one knows the true me, not because people have not tried, but more because the inner me truly does not want anything more than to burn everything. I know it sounds stupid or like I'm just young and don't know what the hell I'm talking about but, I often describe it to myself as, "The Beast." Now The Beast (TB)...just imagine the most hideous, disgusting, ferocious, beast you can and you get TB. Any time anyone gets near him, he, or rather I, hurt them. I don't know if I mean to or not but in the moment, it feels so right. After the fact however, I feel a tremendous sadness. 

Now to the issue at hand. Throughout the past 4-5 months. I have noticed a recent increase in my anger, lack of work ethic, and TB showing. These have all manifested throughout my marriage and, in me doing these things, I have literally trashed mine and my wife's life 4 times and we are on the cusp of the 5th. I have brought the most beautiful wen in the world, down to 5 extremely low and hopeless points. (she already suffers from depression, diagnosed at 6 yrs) I have brought her to near suicide 5 times now...I can't seem to get the approval of my parents, let alone hers. I just don't feel like anyone truly cares for me anymore. My family only ever talks to me when they need something heavy lifted. Her family barely talks to me. And she (unfortunately) is truly the kind of person that would stay in this marriage for the sake of not having the embarrassment of divorcing me what with her super religious parents. 

Everything in my life is going downhill...again, and today for the first time ever, I actually created a plan to kill myself. I have often contemplated suicide. But I have never created a plan until today. I was in a subreddit post (don't remember which subreddit) today about different creative ways to kill myself to make it look like an accident. And someone there suggested I come here for help. I don't know what any of you can say to help me but honestly. Creating a plan today...it scared me. And reading different easy to kill myself today sacred me even more, I don't think I can be helped but I thought that it couldn't hurt anything either. And really, I am looking for help foot myself so I can maybe try to stick around for my wife. Though I'm not sure she will be around much longer either. 

For those that made it this far, thank you. And thank you in advance to any replies, if any replies come.

Sorry for long post.

TL:DR. I have failed myself, my wife, and my family 5 times in the last 2 years to the point where I literally ruin everything in sight. I want nothing more than to end it all.