How do i make her realize shes not broken and that i care for her (I have never made a forum post before so bear with me)  
i recently got the opportunity to talk to a super nice girl shes was funny, shes was cute, she was a nice person in general... but she was also oddly shy and very self deprecating and wasn't sure why she was also often mentioning suicide. to begin with i though it was some weird joke or whatever so i asked about it and she then send me her ENTIRE life story (many pages) telling of how she was beaten as a kid and her parents being drug addicts, and her stepbrother raping her at the age of 11... (and much much more) and i realized she wasn't joking neither was she lieing..... and it all kinda made sense shy she often acted like she did and why she was so in need on acceptance from me/other people.. however since this world is FUCKED UP!!!! in the past every time she though she was making friends they ended up always abusing her either mentally or physically.. its hard to explain but the things she have lived through ruins a person in an unimaginably way. she thinks its all her fault and therefore blames herself for all the things that happened to her... so to begin with it was impossible to make her realize she had a genuine friend in me. that wanted nothing but to have her realize she isn't as bad as she thinks.. but every time i finally feel like i have made some progress in some shape or form. something bad happens.. (this time it was some DICKHEAD who didnt think before he spoke and was joking about her breathing to heavily and if she could just stop breathing all along).. to any other person this might just have been some bad joke but to her it meant the world. this is not the first time something like this have happened and im doing my very very best to be there fore her and being a good friend.. but it is so hard...... and it has started to effect my mood.. cause i feel so hurt and angry seeing her this way, it feels like im fighting a battle uphill blindfolded with my hands tied behind my back. and its so mentally rough to keep going when its like building a delicate card house just for someone to slam the door and make it tip over....  


there is obviously much more about it than just what i told.. but please if you have any ideas please please PLEASE IM BEGIN come with advice.. (and yes of cause i have told her to seek professional help) and feel free to ask questions aswell