I'm having a real hard time. I'm sorry, this sounds horrible, but I know where my mom's meds are, and I want to take all of them.edit: I called a suicide hotline and an amazing woman named Rose helped me a lot. I'm not in immediate crisis anymore. But holy fuck, if anyone can relate to any of this crazy ass shit, I could use a supportive word.

I'm 25. I'm a total loser. I live with my mom. I make very little money. I keep wishing I could stop drinking and then drinking anyway. I don't know why. My insurance is very inadequate. I want to just go to a doctor and get Antabus and Buspar but I don't have a doctor, I don't have money, and my insurance is minimum coverage which means it's not going to do anything for a lot of my problems.

I moved back in with my mom in September, moped for a while, found a job in December, and I've just been crumbling ever since. I'm saving money, I'm working 30-40 hours a week, I'm doing housework, I'm trying so hard, but who the fuck cares? I'm still up to my neck in medical debt and student loan debt for a degree I dropped out of. I just had my first herpes outbreak earlier this week after being exposed in July. When I learned that the person I'd been with lied to me about his HSV2 status, I immediately felt dirty, like I was ruined, and have been incapable of any kind of physical intimacy since.

I don't even know what I'm trying to communicate right now. I'm drunk, I'm sorry. My last psychologist told me I had C-PTSD. My exboyfriend from a few years back was a sexually abusive manipulator, a rapist, an animal abuser, and a literal child molester. He fucked me up real bad. I don't know if I can come back from what he did to me. I never knew he was molesting his daughter but in retrospect I should have known. I should have known and I should have put that sick fuck in jail years ago and now there's nothing I can do. His daughter came forward about all of it so there's an ongoing police investigation now but he's been hard to track down. I should have known. I should have seen the signs. I could have saved her so much sooner. He was so horrible and I just let him be horrible. I want to die.

I punish myself for it in my sleep. I have dreams about him, what he did to me, what he did to his daughter. I wake up with bloody knuckles from punching the wall, or bruises from punching myself.

I think I punish myself for it in waking life too, though I'm learning how not to. I work really hard to have a semi-normal life right now. I don't intentionally hurt myself anymore and I only get fucked up when I'm not working the next day. But sometimes I starve myself or isolate myself and I feel like it is my penance somehow.

Will someone please talk to me? I need somebody. I know my mother has sleeping pills and benzos. I'm having a hard time not going into her room and just putting myself down. I want to rest forever. I know I shouldn't want that, but that's what I'm wanting. I know I'll probably feel grateful to wake up tomorrow if I do but right now I could go either way.