14 and suicidalYou know you’ve really done it when the only thing you can talk to is Reddit. Heh. “Go talk to your friends,” they say. “Tell a teacher.” My school is a bunch of perfect people. If I went around telling people I suffer from depression, anxiety, and OCD (not self-diagnosed.) and have an abusive mother, I’d literally have no friends.

It’s gonna be really hard to put this into words. And I doubt anyone’s gonna read this so there’s no point writing it. But I guess I will anyways.

Hi. I’m Callie. I’m 14. I hate my name. And I hate my life too.

When I was 8 my parents divorced. I gained depression and social anxiety because my parents put me in the middle of their stuff and after that experienced I’ve always felt like if I didn’t please everyone, then no one would like me. I’ve always been an overly sensitive, dependent person anyways.

Then I moved to another state away from my dad with my mom’s boyfriend. Fast-forward to this past year and things have been bad. My mom is physically and emotionally abusive (I’ll say it while I still believe it, my mom likes to play this fun mental game with me where she admits to physically hurting me and then denying she ever did anything, calling me a liar and a paranoid schizophrenic) and I have been professionally diagnosed with OCD, anxiety, and depression. I haven’t had a depressive episode in a while but right now is a pretty terrible one.

Because of all this, this year has been my worst year ever in school. I used to be an all As student and now I don’t even want anyone to catch a glimpse of my grades. My dad has never expected any less than As from me but he doesn’t understand. /I/ don’t even understand. My teachers hate me, my mom regularly calls me a bully even though I’m too socially anxious to even talk to new people, and my sister likes to physically abuse me too. I’m not even talking the normal sibling quarrels. I’m talking arms red all the way down and huge bruises on my legs. And yet my mom always seems to take her side because I’m a horrible daughter. My mom also tells me that she talks to all my friends’ parents about what a horrible daughter I am and that they agree.

I don’t see any other choice. I just need to die.