My friend and colleague killed himself in January.I was the poor bastard who found him. 

I recieved a phone call from another co-worker​ asking if I could go check on him since he was an hour late for work. He was always at least an hour early. Since I was off that day, I drove out to his house thinking he was maybe passed out drunk or at the very worst in jail.

When I pulled up I saw both of his cars in the driveway. I got a bad feeling and called the other co-worker so I would have someone on the phone. 

The front door was deadbolted so I walked around back. I remember joking "If I see a dead body I'm going to be REALLY upset." The dog came out of the doggy door and I tried to open the sliding glass door, but it was also locked. 

As I looked into the house it was dark. I saw what looked like an arm, but thought "arms don't bend that way." I saw what looked like a face, but thought "faces aren't that white." As I looked hard through the door it all clicked. I knew what I was looking at. I saw the blood. The slumped over body. I realized his face was white because all the blood was on the floor. That image is burned into my memory. 

"I gotta call 911. I think [name redacted] is dead."

I hung up, called 911, and waited for them to arrive. His old roommate, who had been waiting at our restaurant for word, arrived shortly after the paramedics. It was a shit show. Neighbors gathering outside, asking me what happened. I was in shock. Lost. Confused. It felt like a dream. 

Since then I've started to lose it. Ive always dealt with depression, but its gotten worse. Most days I want to kill myself just so the pain of seeing that goes away. He was a kind, caring person. He was the backbone of the kithen. He had his shit together more than any of us. So what chance do I have? I actually kind of envy him since he had the balls to pull the trigger.

Honestly the main thing keeping me going is not wanting to hurt the people I work with. I don't want to put them through the same thing again. I care more about people I work with than I do myself. How pathetic is that?

I don't know how to deal with this anymore. I just want life to make a little more sense. Like it used to. I want to get to sleep before 5 am. I want to wake up and not be sad. I want a "normal life". 

Thank you for taking the time to read this. I know I'm not alone, but it certainly feels that way.

TL:DNR:  Friend killed himself. I found him. I want to die too.