I dont even know :(I'm really not doing okay. I've haven't told anyone but, I've gotten really close to suicide 3 times this month. The last attempt was last week and I got stopped because I heard my cat meow from the other side of the door. I don't think anybody understands just how much pain I am in right now. I've been told, tell my mom, get a therapist, get a counselor. But I can't, I can't put my mom through this stress, she doesn't deserve it. I know that my self-image doesn't help either and that it's all in my head but, I can't fucking stand myself it's gotten so bad. I don't wanna be me. I am a horrible person who doesn't deserve anything else but to suffer and can never do anything right. I am annoying I am ugly I am fat and a waste of everybody's time, I deserve never have any friends or happiness. I have been thinking about suicide a lot recently, I think it's at a point where every day I probably tell myself at one point "today is the day" I don't know if I have it in me, I really don't know. I'm just so tired, I'm tired of being alone, I'm tired of being paranoid about what people think about me, I'm tired of being who I am. I don't want to do this anymore. I'm trying to be positive but I really can't. What's the point of pretending to be happy, when I'm constantly fighting back tears? What's the point of asking for help from a therapist if that is never gonna change how I see myself? What's the point of doing all this shit if people are going to continue to take advantage of me and laugh at me and put me in a situation similar to how I feel now? What's the point if even I can't stand myself? I don't see a future where I'm happy, and if there is a future where I'm happy, I don't see a future where I'm happy with myself. There are so many emotional scars that will prevent that. I'm not being stubborn I'm really trying to be happy and accepting, I'm trying to work on my attitude but it's not working I don't know what to do anymore, and on top of all of this, I'm losing all my hair. I'm sorry if I scared you. I needed all of this off my chest.