HELPTW: P\*edophiles.  
Recently my rapist died. But I don't feel sorry. Let me explain.

When I was 11, my neighbor taught music classes. She offered to teach me. She was nice to me. Tall and sexy she was. In a unique way. My mother sent me to her recently for classes. I had been with her a lot of classes, but things were unusual. She would stroke my hair. She would brush her nails against my neck. We did a few things which I am scared to say. I felt our love. She says we have a connection. She loves me so much its real. I think this woman is different. Thats what I thought. Instead of lessons, we had it in the bedroom. Later she moved away as I was helpless.

Years later I worked in a office. The manager and me were into it. I helped him a lot, and we would meet up a lot after work. I felt our love. I feel our chemistry. I know this is it! He loves me so much its real. I' m sure this time is different. I was wrong. We did..IT in his office. He was very controlling and then he left me, saying he had enough of me.

Later my parents had a friend over. He was pretty chill and my parents were trying to find my true match. He was a rich lad, and I can see why my parents chose him. He said he loved me many times. He loves me. I guess its not so different! I married him a few months later. More of his choice and not mine. He was very upset at times and he seemed to change. His tempers low and he would snap.

There was this other girl who was a best friend of mine. She was so kind, a really nice lady. So sweet and caring. This girl is the friend I need. We talked casually and hung out until our relationship devolved more seriously. I had a divorce with my current husband and me and her were dating. Several months later she had many red flags coming up and we barely hooked up. She was cheating on with me with someone else. She loved me..? Was she different? Why did I think she was different? Ugh!

All they ever wanted was my chambers and I'm sick of it! When they were done with me they left! One moved away! The other had enough of me! I divorced only to get blindly cheated on! I am tired of it! I CANT EVEN DATE ANYMORE BECAUSE IM SCAREDDD. I used to post messages here saying everything is okay and stuff and I' m currently being..well a therapist to some. But I can't! I hate people! And now I'm supposed to attend the woman who touched me privately and act like she was an angel? NO! They can go fuck themselves!