Too much time for myselfHey Reddit,
i don't know where else to go, so i just want to relieve myself of some thoughts. I don't want the burden on any of my friends and my family. 
Everyone thinks, that i am happy and sure about myself and my feelings. And i do a lot to keep this image of mine because everyone has enough in their life to go through and i should not be one of the things that make people unhappy. But my illusion, which I almost thought was my real me, is falling apart. 
All these years I always did what I had to do to not engange myself with my problems. I really likes being in a relationship because then I could concern myself with this other person. I like it. I want to help others but now, since my 4,5 years relationship (with a lot of ups and downs) ended without any reason given, I have to face myself. And I don't know how to do it. This is the first time in my life everything just seems bleak. Not because I loved her and this ended. I can relate to that: love ends, friendships ends, and people are gone. This does not always need a reason. And so why do I? 
I can't sleep without getting myself to be really tired and numb, I can't stay awake and do things I have to do because I am tired and numb. 
I just want to be at peace, just this one time. Why can't i have this? 
I hide so much from myself, just so noone is concerned, but this is so exhausting. 3 years ago my best friend killed himself and this took away a piece of my heart as well but: Everyone seems fine with it, he is remembered and life goes on, so why shouldn't I do the same? 
I am not in any position to complain about my environment: I am smart, I am loved by my Parents, I have many friends, I am currently studying to become a teacher (I live in Germany). But everything led to me building up an Illusion so that now that things get real, I don't know if i can take it. I am sorry. 
I haven't been learning for 3 years now and I'm getting through all my exams anyway, I don't know why. 
Every weekend I am drinking until I pass out and can't remember most of the evening and when I am doing something stupid, everyone forgives me because I am (translated) "good mood &lt;myname&gt;" (I even have that tattooed on my ass). People come to me to have someone to talk to, because they know I am compassionate, listen and give good advice. But I can't do that to myself and now I am on the edge. 
I am afraid of myself. Everytime I thought about suicide in the past, it was so distant. Just a thought, never to be realised.
But now? It seems like something completely different. It seems reachable. Yesterday I was on the roof on my University, really up high, and I just didn't trust myself. I feel like there is a war in my mind all the time, something telling me to just end it and something telling me to carry on, i feel conflicted and like I am losing control.

Maybe this just needed for me to be written down. 