Mental Hospital or Suicide: Will someone help me decide?For context, I'm 17 years old and a guy. I'm currently in a state of constant, excruciating mental agony from the moment I wake up to the moment I fall asleep (although sleep is its own struggle). Many of my family members have attempted suicide or actually gone through with it, have had eating disorders, or have cut themselves to the point where their bodies look like they had been left in a pit with tigers for a day. Basically, members of my family are destined to go through unending agony, emotionally and mentally, and it's really getting to me now.

My ex-girlfriend gave me a way out though. For over a year, the sweetest girl in the world gave me someone to rely on for support, someone to hold and hug, and hope for a future that I actually could get motivated about and want to live for, despite the agony. She left me this summer with next to no warning, and I still don't even understand what happened.

All I've been doing for the past few years is distracting myself from my mental agony, and I can't do it anymore, especially without her by my side. I'm at my breaking point and have planned a perfect suicide ready for me whenever I please, with next to no chance of failing. I don't want to hurt my family though, and there may be medication out there that can ease my agony that I haven't tried yet.

So here we are. Tonight is the night where things change. If I let things go on like this I am certainly going to end up dead, so I need to make a decision, which is why I am here asking for advice. 

I can either commit suicide tonight, or explain my imminent suicide to my parents, asking them to place me in a mental hospital or an in-patient or something. Continuing down the path of going to school and dealing with the pain all alone is not an option. Is there any chance for my agony to subside if I put myself through an in-patient or a mental hospital? Or should I escape the pain altogether and end it to put myself out of my misery? Thank you for reading, any feedback is greatly appreciated.