The Indian lifestyle makes me feel stuck or trappedFor me, it’s specific to parenting.


I feel like the community aspect of my culture has been taken to such an extreme hat I have been deemed nothing more than a poster child. A trophy for my parents to show off to other families like it’s some kindergarten show and tell.

“Oh my kid got the presidents award” or “my kid got a 1600 on SAT and 32 on ACT” “my kid did 4000 hours of volunteer service and got accepted into Princeton!” “Oh yeah? My kid is getting a bioengineering degree at Harvard!”

Of course I’m exaggerating to an extent but you get the point. Such behavior leads to many parents setting high (and I mean high) expectations for their kids such as achieving a near-perfect report card as a high schooler taking college-level classes. To achieve this, parents attack verbally when failing to meet these expectations, or they constantly compare you to your peers and ask “why can’t you be like them???” Which only leads to a resentment towards that peer, or they try to distance you from a social life and divert all the time in the world into studies and books and education and tests and college stuff. Just to name a few.

It’s been difficult to explain to my American friends this unique situation and I still feel like they don’t get it. The only advice I’ve ever gotten is to “just wait” to move out and go to college and you can go NC or LC. I’m doing that rn but God it just gets harder and harder the more I try to put up with this. 


My parents are also completely dismissive of mental health problems like depression or anxiety, as “oh your problems are all rooted to that phone of yours and constantly talking to your friends when you could be studying instead” or “you just need to put in the work to succeed and then you’ll be happy” and it’s like yeah that sounds great but I want to get a therapist. 


It feels like abuse but not to the extent that it is reportable. I don’t feel good about myself and I don’t think a parent-child relationship should be like this. I get respecting your elders but not to the detriment of my own needs. I get that my parents house and feed me and stuff but this should be a two-way street and I’ve been trying for years and years to please my parents but to no avail. Rather, it feels hopeless and like I’m walking on eggshells. My grades are slipping and I don’t know what to do.