I'm a terrible person and I deserve to dieLast week was great - I had just handed in my resignation for my job, ready to start the next step in my career. Having being diagnosed with treatment resistant depression, having a week where I'm genuinely happy was rare and I was relishing it.

Work had a conference, and following that, a party. I drank so much. I was in a good mood. Telling coworkers the news, everyone was happy for me. I don't remember hardly anything. But the morning when I woke up, I woke up naked next to my boss. What the fuck have I done. He's older than me, married. I have a lovely boyfriend who I love deeply. What the actual fuck have I done. I know emotions were high, he has supported me through a lot of mental health issues during my time at my job. helping me finally get a psychiatrist and counseling. But I've never wanted to fucking sleep with him. What have I done?!

This week I've been dealing with the fallout. He won't talk to me about it, despite knowing how fragile I am. I imagine he's hurting too. At first I felt awful for him. Now I'm so so hurt and angry. He's just let me deal with this alone.  Yesterday the giant wave of depression hit my like a fucking brick. All I can think about is how disgusting I am, I deserve to die. I need to die. I can't continue with this. I can't talk to anyone out of shame. I've spiraled downwards so hard

I've had suicidal ideations very frequently in my past. But now I think I am making plans. How can I make my death look like a tragic accident so no one knows I killed myself? There's an aquaduct bridge an hour's walk away. A beautiful view.  But I can't bare the thought of leaving my boyfriend. I love him so much. How could I do this to him. I would never have done this sober. I am just like my horrid cheating father.

I called Samaritans last night when I felt I was going to plough my car into a wall. It helped take the edge off and I made it home. This morning I've woken up and it feels like my insides are twisted. Im in so much pain. I want it to stop. I don't know how I'm going to make it through. I might walk to the bridge and see how I feel when I'm up there. I'm thinking about calling 999 or 111 but I'm a waste of nhs money what's the point. I might take take all my antidepressants in one go. I just don't want anyone to find my body