Worried about my S/OMy S/O has been struggling with the pandemic. He works in an industry that has gotten pulverized by the pandemic. We have been together for a year and moved in together 2 weeks before lockdown. One night this summer he mixed alcohol with an antidepressant that I now believe was causing other mood affects. He had like a psychotic break and was talking about the end times and sounded possessed. I was afraid for myself because he was not in his normal state of mind. He was talking about the end times and started getting angry with me because he felt I would leave him. I locked myself and my cats in the bedroom and he started talking about ending his life. I had a friend come while I got in my car with my cats, basically with the clothes I had on and all the cats things
 I immediately called his mom to tell her what had happened because I was so worried about him. The next morning he was still acting odd and paranoid, didn't remember what had happened and didn't trust that I was telling the truth. We talked later that night on the phone and he was back in the right state of mind, embarrassed and apologetic. I stayed with family for a month while he worked with his therapist and doctor. They were under impression in was a bad med for him as it made him agitated other times but never as bad until this incident. Also figured the alcohol played a roll.  He has been off meds except for a prn anxiety med. Last night I noticed he seemed to be acting odd, I thought he might just be high as he does smoke weed regularly. He also had 1 drink. He passed out in bed at midnight, woke up at 3 in a rage talking about how terrible the country is currently and that Nazi's were taking over and that he will slit their throat if they ever come near him. He broke a handheld mirror and kindof danced around by it saying weird things and laughing cynically. He kept saying "what's the point" this time I tried to calm him down and made him stay in bed, took a cool rag and blotted the blood from some cuts on his face and just listened to the scary things he was saying until he fell asleep. I don't know what to do, I am worried about this happening again and if it would ever escalate to hurt me (he is normally so gentle) I am worried that if I leave he won't want to live anymore. We are talking to his therapist soon together, then I will go stay with my parents while his new med kicks in. They diagnosed him with depression and anxiety, could this be more? What do I say to his therapist? Looking for advice. My heart is breaking.