Strongly considering suicide after my depression cleared up a bitHey everyone.

I’ll start by shortly describing my situation (you can skip this paragraph if you want). My problem is that I don’t know what to say, concerning the content. It’s not really related to anxiety, because when I know what to say then I’ll just say it (I’m quite good at public speaking for example). Another thing is that I don’t see a future for myself living like this. Even when I was younger I just lived from day to day, not understanding what the point of life was. But back then I was happy, now I’m depressed. I’m seeing both a psychologist and psychiatrist, in combination with anti-depressants. None of this seem to help at all. But recently I’ve had an internship for four months, my supervisor was really helpful and compassionate. She was interested in what went on in my head, and encouraged me to take action. I was able to open up to her, and talking to her was a thousand times more helpful than anything else. This caused my depression to somewhat clear up after six years (I’m currently 20 years old).

For the first time in years, I see a future for myself where I'm not completely socially awkward. But I still don’t see why I should bother with this. Even with a future, I don’t see myself living happily. I’ve been having suicidal thoughts for three years, but I was too ‘weak’ to actually do it, it was more a way to calm myself by saying: “when everything fails, I’ve still got this option left”. But now I actually see myself ending my life, and I can't stop thinking about it. If I'm going to do it, then it will probably be either this week, or never.

Summarized, there are two options that I’m considering:

1. Taking action to improve my life and creating a future for myself. I’ll be alive, but not happily. I’m damaged hard, so my depression will probably come back very often. Life has no meaning to me.
1. Committing suicide. Everything’s over and I don’t have to bother with anything else. The only persons who will be sad are my mother, father and maybe my sister, so the effects are limited.

Thank you for reading this. I hope it made some sense, because it’s hard to translate these thoughts into words (and to make it somewhat organized). Anyway, I’m completely lost and don’t know what to do anymore. I've never considered suicide this much. Any help/feedback?