People always say they’re there for you but they aren’tJust don’t say it if you’re going to leave me on read or just not even look at the message, the least you can do is send a crisis hotline number and then just leave me in my misery, it’s not really helpful but it’s the polite thing to do. I implied I was going to kill myself a days ago and two people checked up to see if I was fine and left immediately after. It’s kind of sad to think that if I was gone that besides my parents two people might possibly feel obligated to care about it. It’s just so sad, I just kind of wanted people to care and now I know that even when I’m dead they won’t care, no one really does care about me besides maybe strangers on the internet telling you not to do it. I just want to cry but it just doesn’t work. Everyone says I’m funny and they like me and that the conversations are boring without me but they don’t mean it, if I had any value to them they’d respond, even just saying “I’m so sorry that happened to you”, not just nothing. I tried just being normal now I’ve tried histrionic cries for help and not even that could get people to pretend to care. My life clearly had no value and my death will have no impact. I was just a group of atoms on this Earth for a second then gone for the next. I’ve got one person who talks to me so I don’t have a breakdown but I don’t want to ruin their Christmas with my negativity. Every single night I find myself wanting to cry. I’ve tried putting trauma and paranoia behind me, having fiends online that I talk to about surface level stuff, I don’t complain, my messages aren’t dry, but it’s just that, surface level. My entire life is a crisis, I don’t need a hotline (although it’s nice to send them anyway so people think you care), I just need a friend. It goes well until I end up just being complaining about how lonely I am. I could never really get close to people because I thought they hated me, and I didn’t want to get close to people because I didn’t want my death or drama to affect them. I’m so alone.