bye!i have nothing left . 

why am i even writing this fucking comment i truly dont know, everything sucks.  Being raped and everyone finding out, people taunting/insulting me for dumb shit, being abused emotionally and physically by my own family, living everyday with severe depression& different bad bad anxiety disorders and attention problems that cause so much issues in my life has showed me that absolutelly nothing gets better; i have potential and i know it but i dont care anymore.  Ive done nothing to anyone who has made me suffer and ive seen the people i wouldve given my life for as a child like my own mother let me be abused, i dont even love her anymore.  Ive always had good intentions but i guess im just not right for the people in my life.  i used weed a couple times and my mother and father who have abused me both practically want me dead because of something as simple as that.  I have no addictions and they taunt me everyday saying i need to go to rehab or someshit.  none of my friends who ive always cared about really know much they all just feel bad.  you know, i never knew why people would cut themselves but now typing this with my bloody wrists slit and a knife in my drawer it all makes sense.  I actually tried to end it all it was supposed to work but then i woke up vomiting and ended up cutting being sick for a while longer only to get yelled at and be told i was on drugs which i havent touched in such a long time.  I have been no different than any other teenager my age with my social life in that aspect but i have no friends really.  noobody knows i cut or takes my suicidal thoughts seriously, no one at all.  my summers being young is all bullshit.  everyday i wish i could go out of my room but i cant.  i dont know anything.  when i started having the loneliness feel this severe my first thought was why do bad things happen to good people.  i realized life isnt fair theres no god everythings just one big mess and people get lucky.  im done sorry this probably made no sense 