I don't think i care bare this much longerEveryday I loose something. Something that is too big to be lost. I have tried to be a good person, and done everything that I can to improve the world around me. I have anxiety but I am not a depressed person. 

A few days ago everything started to line up and the result was disastrous. Someone was angry at me about a business deal they wanted more money from then what I was contractually obligated to pay, and threatened me. I was respectful but held my ground. She called the police and told them terrible lies about me. I wasn't home and they talked to my neighbor, who apparently hates me as well. She is a fundamentalist christian and knows that I am an atheist and is constantly saying how terrible that is for my son. She told the police terrible lies as well (we had gotten into a argument a few days before) and they took my son from me and placed him with his father. His father says this is crazy and supports me 100 percent but it doesn't matter. They are keeping him away from me until they can prove the allegations aren't true. That he doesn't have a disease , that I don't do drugs, and that I am not uncontrollably mentally ill because I take Ritalin and Zanex. Its ironic because there main point against me was that I take the both of them so sporadically and so therefore its uncontrolled. One xanex bottle every 6 months, and Ritalin when I have school.

Because of my business, I am being constantly harassed. I had to shut it down, and now I am being bullied all of the time from people that I do not know. The ring leader said she is going to have her friends post fliers around the college i go to with pictures of me, saying horrible things.

I have been with the same man for over a year. He is very angry about all of this and understands how horribly I got screwed, although he partially blames me because even when I should have stopped trying to do the reasonable thing with unreasonable people i contained, and ended up giving them more fuel against me. He told me that on friday he would finally be open about being engaged to me, and be open about being in a relationship. Two days after this happened he went out with his friends and started talking to girls he has a history of flirting with and lying about it. One girl he told he loved her (she lives in another state). He says that he did it for the attention and seeing all these horrible things are just too stressful for him. He knows that I am suffering... and wants to be there for me. But he says he has to flirt with other women and pretend to be single or he can't handle it. At first he tried to promise he would stop, but now he just wants me to accept it. I can't. I told him that its over.

I have nothing left to live for. I can't pay my rent or bills anymore and won't get my son back for god knows how long. I don't even know if I could handle going to court with all of this pain and stress. I love my boyfriend more then I have ever loved another person. Completely selflessly and accepted him, but I cannot do this anymore. I cannot get help because they will use it against me in court and then I will not be able to get my son back. I cannot live with my boyfriends cheating and lies (even if its just emotional). I have nothing left, and I need this pain to stop. I am going to OD tonight and free myself from all of this pain.