little bit of rambling i guesssLast year has been the one and only time where i was in a very, i guess, "heated" moment, where i was very close to getting a knife and stabbing myself. I felt really fucking horrible, can't really describe the feeling. Killing myself would've been the best option in that moment. Obviously, i didn't do it.

From then to now, i still have these thoughts every once in a while. I'm actually in a situation where killing myself wouldn't be very difficult (emotionally speaking). I don't have any/a big attachment to my family, for example, so, as selfish as it sounds, i don't care how it would affect them. My mom would be sad, i think, since she doesn't really know about any of this, but she's the most rational person i know, so i'm sure she'd get over it. My few friends would most likely also be able to move on. But generally, (again, you can call me selfish) it's my life so i wouldn't care that much how it would affect anyone i know.

Yeah. I don't know. I'm not really sure what I'm gonna do.

The thing is, i'd say i'm quite young and i always thought to myself that before i decide to commit suicide, i want to see what else the world holds and if it'd be worth it to keep living. But i just don't see the reason in (my) life. And my main problem just can't be fixed. I think i'd have to wait with suicide anyways, at least until i live somewhere else, since i'm not really able to act out my preferred method in my country. 

I already sort of have a direction for the job i wanna have once i'm older. I think it would give me a distraction from the main thing i was talking about (i don't really want to mention it). Don't know if i'll make it or if i'll even like it, but i guess it's better than not having a plan at all.

All of this shit suddenly came within a year, i've been the same age from when it started to now. I'm just a bit afraid what'll happen once i'm older? If I can suddenly feel this way in just a year, how bad is it gonna be in the future?

as i said, just a bit of rambling. just wanted to get this out.