Suicide is begining to feel like a legitimate option. I feel so tired, empty and alone.[Writing this brought up a lot of painful memories. I'm sorry if it's a bit long. I don't know what else to do or where else to go.]

I went to the same school from Pre-K to senior year of high school. Through most of elementary and middle school, I was one of the best students in the school. When we took national exams, I often scored in the top 99 percentile nationally.  It really didn't take much effort to be honest. This all changed when I went into high school.  They were proud of me for the grades I would get and not for much else - I was ok with that. Getting the same grades wasn't as effortless anymore and my parents really didn't understand that. By the time I got to my junior year, I started smoking. When my parents found out, they decided to take me to a psychiatrist (not a therapist, an actual psychiatrist). At the time, I thought they were overreacting, but I'm actually glad they did.

After a few sessions, he diagnosed me with ADHD and recommended a mix of therapy and medication. My parents simply didn't want to accept this. Over the course of the next few months, they took me to about 5 other psychiatrists and over 20 sessions later, they all came to the same conclusion. Finally, my parents decided that I was possessed and needed an exorcism to fix me. Predictably, my situation got worse. I stopped trusting my parents all together. and our relationship has never recovered. I almost failed my junior year and barely made it through my senior year.

I took a gap year, did some thinking and came to the realization that I needed to do whatever I could to leave that house. I got into a university abroad. They were proud of me again, but by then I didn't care. I knew I couldn't go back and I HAD to succeed. 

College is hard. It's even worse when you have untreated ADHD. Ever since the exorcisms (yes, there were more than one), I haven't been able to trust anyone with the things I struggle with. I know this is my fault. I have booked many appointments with the on-campus counselor but I've always backed out. I tried my best. I went days without sleep. I barley had time to eat, let alone have a healthy social life. And still, I didn't get the grades I wanted to get or the ones that I need to lead an independent life in the future. I've also had to take out significant loans to afford this education. I don't know a single person in this country. The few friends I had were thousands of miles away. 

One day, about a year ago, I cried all day realising how alone I was. My friends from back home were busy with their own shit and didn't have time for mine. I've been pretty depressed ever since. I made the mistake of wasting the Frist few months of freshman year and now I have no friends - not even an aquiantance I can have a conversation with. I live alone. I eat alone. I study alone. I'm lucky if I average one casual conversation a week. I couldn't afford to pay and stay on campus over the summer, so I had to go back home. Back to that house. I had started drinking and smoking weed pretty heavily to cover up how empty I felt. But also to give me the courage to interact with my parents.

A year on, nothing has changed. I can't remember the last time I smiled. I am begining to worry for this is how I'll feel forever. I failed pretty much most of my courses this past semester and my partial academic scholarship might get revoked. Worse, I might have to do an additional semester and pay full tuition for that semester - which is about five times what my parents make in a year.

I'm trying to fix it. But it doesn't seem like a possibility. I  think I'll be able to graduate. My parents think the exorcisms fixed me and are pretty content with what they've done. I can't tell them that I won't graduate in time (which means I won't graduate at all). I can't go back to that house. But despite what they've done, I still can't look my parents in the eyes and tell them I failed. I've thought about about ending it almost everyday for a few months now. I feel so hopeless. I feel like there's no other choice.