I'm crazyI just feel like I'm going to snap. I don't deserve help because I'm faking it. I'm so close to slitting my wrists right now, but I'm just being dramatic because I'm just a little, stupid kid who got in trouble. It's not child abuse because mom and dad used and use a flat palm and not a fist. Its normal to flinch at literally everything. It's normal that hugs make me want to cry and lock myself in a damn basement for eternity. It's normal that I cut myself, hell, I don't even do it bad enough to leave permanent scars because I'm a pussy. I don't have an undiagnosed attention problem, I just mess around during class too much. I'm clearly not *actually* fucked up, so I might as well just end it all, as I won't anyway because I'm weak and useless, and clearly this is all just for attention and undeserved sympathy. I am not shaking right now, this is obviously not a *real* panic attack, I can still type things out! I've never been in a bad relationship before, it's normal in every way for someone to force you to have sexual conversations with them on the phone while you try to eat dinner. It's normal for someone to threaten to kill, harm, and starve themselves because you want to hang up. It's normal for someone to call you a bitch in every conversation. It's normal for your father to wake you up in the morning calling you a "whore" and "slut". It's normal to be suicidal, starting at age 11 and to self harm, biting yourself when stressed, starting from as early as you can remember. It's normal to tell your peers in kindergarten that you're stupid and horrible. It's completely average for your mother to sleep with you in bed every night until you have to move out because your 'not abusive dad' gets custody. It's normal for mom to come into your shared room at night and slam your moronic skull into the wall while your grandmother sits and listen to you sob in the other room, afraid to intervene because you could be taken away by your mother and so you could never see her again, simply because you were up too late watching cartoons. yep, normal as can be. If anyone on this godless planet cares enough to try to talk about it, then by god, please do.