Why Does Every Year Get Progressively Worse?As a child, I was bullied for my lack of social awareness thanks to my ADD and an emotionally/physically abusive highly religious mother who concocted a poison mindset for myself. She said I didn’t need friends because “the world was going to end soon anyways” and my childhood was filled with mostly being visited at home by a psychiatrist, going to JW church, speech therapy (for a lisp), and video games. Other girls in elementary thought I was a weird girl for playing video games and anything ”boy-related” so any and all rumors of me being weird followed me into middle school and some of high school. 

Last year I was diagnosed with anorexia nervosa and body dysmorphic disorder. Last year was also rancid with the passing of my best friend (may he rest peacefully) and I was looking forward to 2019 as my year of recovery and hope.   


It’s 2019. My closest friend is now toxic and grew into habitually gaslighting, emotionally manipulating, and abusing me anytime we came to any disagreement instead of properly addressing any issue.  I have spent every breathing moment this year wondering anxiously when he would break again and result into him belittling me in such a carefully thought way. I didn’t recognize he was the problem until someone else addressed this to me. He hates when I talk to other people which led me to drift from the few friendships I have which destroyed them all.   


Worst part? He‘s an online friend and I have no real life friends anymore. I haven’t had a close real life friend in YEARS. I have become a husk that lives and breathes internet.

This led me to growing incredibly detached from people and now I’m having a hard time finding empathy in situations. I sit like a stone.   
This paired with my anorexia that pushed me to excessively exercising ALL last year (and now since I’m relapsing currently)  so I ended up becoming a hermit to socialization. Back then social events = places with food and eating. 

I’m increasingly suicidal because I lack social skills to bond with people outside of the internet. Even in my small college, I can’t relate much to my classmates either. I talk to them and feed into their conversations but because of my ADD they awkwardly cut me off because I ramble.   


I also have weird mannerisms because of my hyperactivity and childlike behavior and it’s a given that everyone thinks I’m really weird. I don‘t like to spend my time doing anything that someone my age (22 yrs) would like.. I act like such a CHILD. An actual child. Cupcakes, candy, cartoons, you name it..

I’ve been self harming in increasingly worse ways and my physical scars are a JOKE to my family. They joke about my isolation a lot (I don’t WANT to be this way, why can’t they understand) and watching my siblings ALWAYS go out with people and experience things that someone my age should be is driving me mad. 

I started getting high by myself so I could make imaginary friends and interact with them midst psychedelic trances.  

I attempted 3 days ago and once last month but obviously it didn’t work. I’m scared of how I’d be found and how much of a financial impact it would leave on my family. I WANT to. I really do want to go. If I spent 22yrs on this planet without a close friend to share an unconditional and irreplaceable bond with it’s never going to happen now. I can’t stay longer anymore. It pains to think that even in cases I have made friends they have left or have become emotionally abusive towards me.  The pain of this and other variables mentioned are so strong I don’t want to just “cope” anymore. I want to solve it once and for all.   


tl;dr Anorexic behavior + emotionally manipulative friend isolated me from keeping little friends I had. Since horrible childhood I’ve lacked social skills + only friends are online. No friends. Literally all alone. Spent my life alone, will die alone. Suicidal as fuck.  


I just want friends, man. Friends in the flesh to do everything with like the way it happens in the movies. I try to talk to people! Where am I going to find people that RELATE to me and want to know me better? The internet. Exactly. I won’t know what it’s like to go out and do anything anymore. I’m tired of everything.