I tried to overdose last night... while my brother was standing in front of meThis is exactly what the title says. And no, it wasn't some partial attempt with a few over the counter painkillers or a situation where I was about to but didn't. He walked in on me. I forgot to lock the door. I had laid out on my bed, in little rows, 600mg of Prozac, 150mg of Zoloft, 4mg of prazosin, and a singular extra strength ibuprofin. 

I don't know why he came downstairs. I didn't say anything to him about what was happening. 

We had a fight before that. We've been having them a lot lately ever since he got his girlfriend. He's different now. 

I was in an episode. Panicking about how my body looked and all that while he was trying to make me eat. I've been diagnosed anorexic for years. He started yelling. It triggered my PTSD. I went for a walk outside for an hour, came home, went straight to my room and laid out the pills.

He came down after I had only started with the ibuprofin and 2 of the prazosin. They're hard for me to swallow. They get all gritty and stick to your tongue and they taste bad. I had wanted to get them out of the way. 

He was upset. Crying. Telling me he doesn't understand because I've been getting better. I told him people tend to fall when pushed. There's so much more to it that he doesn't know.

I've been diagnosed with a bundle of things. C-PTSD, DID, depression, generalized anxiety. I also experience psychosis from time to time. 

My body is covered in scars. Forearms, legs, chest, sides, throat, everywhere. I've had multiple attempts in the past. I was always stopped by something or found just in time to be taken to the hospital. I've tried drowning and suffocation and slitting my radial artery and slitting my throat and even stabbing myself. I've had close attempts with trains and nooses. But why? If you don't feel like reading the backstory to all this by all means click away. Or just skip it. TLDR is an abused trans kid who used to be smart and is now a dropout living away from home. 

&amp;#x200B;

 I used to get absolutely perfect grades. I never failed anything. I was several years ahead in school, doing work out of my father's old mechanical engineering textbooks in the seventh grade. I graduated eighth grade with honors. But then my grades slowly started to slip.

My parents were manipulative. They emotionally abused us as kids. I have two biological siblings. A sister, who will be called E, and a younger brother, who will be named Z. They are currently 13 and 6 respectively. I raised Z. My parents were always working or going out places together. He takes after me so much. I fed him and clothed him and got in trouble for it. E hated me ever since I came out as trans. She constantly told me to kill myself. She would hit me and scream at me and if I retaliated I got in trouble. My parents weren't accepting of me either. They told me it was a phase and that I couldn't know until I was 18. I came out 3 years ago. I hated how I looked and I began to starve myself. I cooked for all of them and refused to eat at the table with them. I always had an excuse ready. 

From the time I was about 12.5 to when I was 15, I was sexually abused. The one person I had relied on and trusted to help sexually abused me. They want me to go to court this November. I don't think I'll be able to. I don't want to go into detail about this. It hurts.

I've been experiencing psychosis since I was a kid. I saw therapists at a young age. My grandma always took me. I would hear voices and see mutilated bodies or horrid creatures. I still experience this. There is suspicion that I may be schizophrenic. But I can't diagnose myself and I don't currently have a psychiatrist. The last one I saw didn't listen. I told her about my diagnoses and she brushed it all off as PTSD. She then tried to double my already high dosage of Zoloft. I stopped going and taking the meds.

I was at high risk back in March this year. I was in and out of the hospital. When I got back to school, the principal told me it wasn't a valid excuse for falling so far behind in my courses. I dropped out.

Three days after my birthday last year, when I turned 16, I packed some clothes in my school bag. I sent my parents an email while I was at school saying I wouldn't be going home. I withdrew from parental consent. I live in Ontario, and we don't have any form of emancipation law. Just that. I would have been homeless. My friend, who will be called A, told me last minute I was allowed to stay at his place. That's where I am still. I turn 17 on October 20. I call A my brother now because that's essentially what he is. His family feels more like family than mine. 

And things have started to get better like he said. I have less PTSD episodes. The DID I just live with, which is why I haven't really talked about it. I have 29 alters that I know of. They're like another family but in my head. I have blanks in  my day. It doesn't bother me.

But even though things are getting better they are also getting worse. I relapsed with my anorexia recently. I am skin and bone. I've self-harmed twice in the past month. I don't have close friends or a girlfriend, I only have my brother. People don't understand this. Everyone my age hates me because my ex spread rumors at school. My brother has had a girlfriend for 2 months now. He has lots of friends. He's 20. I'm jealous. I wish I could be him. I wish I was born male. I wish I had friends. I wish I could have a relationship like he has. I don't tell him this. It hurts. Her being over upsets me. When she's here he pretty much ignores me. I sit in my room alone and I work. I don't sleep. I can't sleep. 

I'm trying to make a career working online. Blogging. I haven't made anything off of it yet. I've lost hope for myself even though I've only been at it for a week. I have no motivation. I can't keep a day job, I have too many episodes. I've tried. Nobody accommodates for as many mental issues as I have. Working is difficult.

My brother has tried to get me to be friends with his friends. I think I can call them my friends too but we aren't close. I can't go to them for anything. We just play Magic the Gathering sometimes. 

I'm just so tired. I'm so tired of hurting. I'm tired of the sleepless nights. I'm tired of being hated and alone. I'm tired of knowing nobody really cares if I live or die except one person. 

&amp;#x200B;

When he came down last night, I was still trying to swallow the two prazosin. He tried to scoop up the pills. He couldn't grab them all. I picked up the rest and I sat there, staring at him. I told him to eff off and leave me alone. He yelled at me for saying it. I started mockingly repeating his earlier words back to him, and yelling about how much of a jerk he's been lately. I took 3 Zoloft right in front of him. He hit the water bottle out of my hand. I dry swallowed them and told him to leave again. I remember feeling nothing. Not rage, not fear, not even tired. I felt nothing. All I wanted was those pills. I was done with trying to push my way through life with everything going on. I still am.

What I took last night was not lethal or sickening. It knocked me out for about 12 hours. I hate that I forgot to lock the door.

I want to get better. And I've really been trying. But I'm tired. I'm so sick of fighting. I just want to sleep and never wake up.