PTSD-riddled veteran can't handle VA "care."I'm tired of the first thing asked of me when I call the Veteran's Crisis Line, is if I have a gun. I hate having to qualify with a single question if I am serious in my thoughts of suicide. I know when I get down, I don't see things as rationally as normal, so when I basically get asked how bad I want it, I'm made to feel as though I'm just wasting someone's time, which is not good to pile on, on top of the series of shitty events that led me to there in the first place. 

I haven't touched a firearm since leaving the Army, but feel I'll have to before being taken seriously on the crisis line. I feel like the last thing I'll do is show some creative genius in how this can go down without a bullet. 

And yes, I go to therapy at the VA. Yes, I attend counseling at the local Vet Center too. Yes, I have gone to the ER as a last resort at the VA, and the experience has dropped the floor out on how much lower I could feel.

If you go to the VA when you're suicidal, they take your clothes, keys, cellphone, basically everything, give you a hospital gown, and lock you in solitary confinement for hours. It's a tiny room with a solid rubber-coated couch too small to lie on, and a door with a slanted doorknob that nothing can be tied to. There's cameras in there, and a window where a sleepy-eyed staff member keeps a peripheral eye on you while they do whatever on a computer. One wall of the tiny room is a metal rolling garage-door style wall that is always shut &amp; locked, but when a nurse or staff open the door on the opposite side, the air pressure change makes the rolling metal door clang on its rail so loud it makes me hit the roof with anxiety (again, diagnosed with PTSD, sudden loud sounds are a major trigger for me and many other vets). I remember begging staff to please open the door slowly so it wouldn't make such a loud metallic crash every time, but it seems like they felt if I was worried about triggers, I'm probably not that suicidal. 

I know I need help, but anymore I end up feeling worse when I reach out for help through the VA. I know you'd think that someone couldn't get lower if they're suicidal, but the difference is, if you're treated like shit when you have a proverbial gun pointed inwards, it can make one want to turn it outwards to prove how serious the situation is. 

Has anyone here, veteran or not, had more effective support networks that worked for them, that they'd be willing to share?