Should one seek therapy?So, first time on this  subreddit and I'm not going to post about how pathetic and sad my life is. Reading other people's post, it's depressing. (I mean no offense to anybody) long story short, I've been suicidal my entire life, gone through 20+ therapists, and as I'm getting older, it isn't getting any better. In fact, it's getting more difficult to handle. 

I'm considering therapy, again. This time will be different; previously my family attended the therapy so I couldn't  fully utilize therapy as many of the issues I had, I didn't want to bring up in front of my grandparents. My only concern is, now, there's things I wouldn't even want to bring up to a therapist for my personal safety.  I'm an adult - if I get diagnosed with a mental disability, it'll limit what I can do. Additionally, there are certain things not covered under confidentiality, so I'm concerned if I bring these up, the therapist will immediately report me to the police. 

Has anybody brought up extremely dark stuff with their therapists? For instance, I wouldn't be bothered if I saw a human child (or any pet including dogs) starve, beaten, suffer, and die before my eyes. I simply don't care. Bring something like this up to somebody.... And they'll get the impression you're a psychopath. Bring it up with your therapists, you'll get diagnosed for antisocial personality disorder, which  ultimately screws me over for my career path. 

And what about suicide? Has anybody brought that up with your therapists? What happens when they contact the police, like they legally are obligated to? 

Sorry if this is the wrong place to ask, but as I said, my suicidal tendencies aren't getting any more easier to deal with, and as much as I hate therapy... I don't know. Sooner or later, I will be needing help. Sooner, probably and I'm preparing for the worst. Therapy might be necessary, but I don't want to end up in a psychiatric hospital, or diagnosed with any mental disorders, or have the police called on because confidentiality doesn't cover everything. 