So due to my life steadily crashing and burning I really am considering ending it again.My wife and I have already been through so much, we were okay when my son was born. Both working, bills paid etc. Then I got into a car accident at work, got fired as a result and we lost everything while she was 6 months pregnant with my daughters. Moved across the country out of desperation and coehersment from my drug addict abusive mother. Only to wind up on the streets again this time with three kids.

Fast forward a bit because fuck that story, we finally got our home (rental) this April after nearly two years collectively in crack motels and the car. In May my wife was severely injured by a improperly stored box at work and now due to a spinal cord injury is unable to work or really do much at all. This injury is permanent, thus I was left with sole responsibility of our finances. Which was manageable but got harder when workman's comp cut her mediocre payments off and disability because we got an attorney which is cool for a settlement two years from now. 

A few months ago, our starter went in our car so we have been without a vehicle meaning no medication or doctor for my wife, and I recently was fired at work because someone blamed me for stealing a bag of fucking rice that I did not take, now a month later I still haven't landed a job, I have no money, on the 1st I will be a month and a half late on rent, my car insurance overdrafted my bank,  and my electric and phone will be shut off on the 3rd and 5th. I can't even get help to a food pantry.

I have explored a lot of public assistance optiond and we are not getting anywhere, we both do not have family to rely on. Just to clarify we do not do drugs and I mention this merely because my family is loving that  shit lifestyle, save for my cousin who makes close to $30an hour and says A half an hour drive is "too far " when I asked if he could help me with some food and a pack of diapers. We are going to lose it all again, this time no car, no job. No family, nothing to fall back on. So once again I fail my family, I have reached out to even the people who I thought would ignore me which I was right. 

I made a godundme me, I tried reaching out on here in appropriate threads even just for advice just to be called a liar and be rideculed for "scamming" or being a lazy beggar. I am fucking done, there is still a valid life insurance policy on me, I don't know if I can even leave a note for my kids or wife which hurts but if they don't know and I make it look like an accident, they should be able to live until the lawsuit settles. I'm running out of time financially, I can't sit and watch everyone suffer like this, I wish I had family, or friends who gave a fuck but no I got one to two people who wanna know every juicy detail of my suffering only to say "I wish I could help you." Then ask me retarded questions like "So when you get a job are you gonna buy the new CoD?" 

I am so fucking done. 