I got the closest I’ve ever been to killing myself last night: need adviceSorry in advance, as I’m new to Reddit and really don’t know what I’m doing. I’ve been extremely depressed and somewhat suicidal for about the last 2 months. I’ve pretty much always struggled with depressed but I haven’t gotten this low in years. Yesterday evening once I had time to myself I sunk back into a dark place I had been in the day before as well. Except yesterday, it got much darker. I began wandering around my campus aimlessly because I didn’t want to be at home. I started to burn myself. I’ve never self harmed before 2 days ago. I wandered for hours just sitting place to place either crying or feeling absolutely nothing. the things that I remind myself of that usually make me not want to die weren’t working. I started thinking of ways I could kill myself easily in that moment, which was big because I usually don’t plan or get too emotional to plan. I didn’t tell anyone what was going on until I snapped into a moment of clarity and texted my best friend that I really needed help. It’s the following morning and he still hasn’t opened the messages, but I could see where he was on Snapchat and at one point he was at a bar so I’m sure he was drunk and avoiding me which really hurt. I almost fell asleep in a field just because I didn’t want to go back. I ended up smoking a lot of weed and feeling better, but that was a just a temporary solution. I know this post is really long I just don’t know what to do and I feel like I’m running out of options. Any comment would help. Thank you.

Note: I’m not sure if this is related to the events now, but I tried acid for the first time on Saturday and had a really good trip except that the friend I did it with got depressed on the come down and left only saying “I need to be alone” which made me kinda spiral and get really anxious and depressed. Today makes 3 days since the trip and I’m not sure if my mood now and the trip are related and to what degree. thought I’d add this at the end just in case.