Important decision, think through itNot about to pull the I'm going to do it at this time BS.  This is no cry for help because, the truth is, when you've been in such a mental state that this is always an option, you know it's only a matter of time. 

I fucked up.  During a manic period, I turned relatively nothing into a million dollars playing the game of speculation.  I lost my mind, and subsequently, nearly all of that money.

I have since gotten in shape, taken a shitty job with good benefits, and taken on some life insurance.  The grief is a killer- I'd have offed myself nine months ago if not for a wife and kid.  Anyway, the physical progress isn't translating into an improved mental state.  Knowing winter is right around the corner, with a history of seasonal affective disorder, I'm fucked. 

Yes, I should get on some meds.  Problem is, then I won't be able to get the additional life insurance.  So I continue to self medicate, fully planning to abstain from booze for a month or two before my next life insurance physical as I know my liver ain't happy and gotta get them enzymes down.  

Finances are the trigger.  Wifey biz always run like a hobby even though it occupies 40+ hours a week so some contribution would be nice, even though I fully admit to fucking up financially.  Fact is, I made the money same way it was lost.  That said, I am in no state to go it alone as sole breadwinner right now.

Times have changed, I am not capable of being the sole provider for this family (1 kid), and I will always see suicide as an option.  Of course, I don't expect someone w/o constant ideation to understand.  The mental process of the clinically depressed is fucked.  No, I'm not neurotic, I'm fucked up in the head.

Counting the days to that two-year uncontestability period and looking to add some premium in the mean time if I can get them enzymes in check.  Who knows when that car accident could occur?  

Tonight my little one yelled goodnight to me through the window as I cut the grass.  I nearly broke down walking behind the mower, once again reminded of my mistakes and my destiny.  going to miss those moments.  Tried to explain to the wife that I need her to help out financially and she acts as if things are the same as they've always been (business not contributing and even me bailing it out personally multiple times in the past).  Problem is, this isn't the past.  I am on the verge of suicide and don't feel I'm capable of more than I'm providing now.  Just a little help???

All I know is it was easier being a have-not than it is going from having it all to relatively nothing.   I've experienced both, and I'm in a worse mental state as a result.