I'm in love with a girl who likes me back, and pretty soon I'll probably never see her again.I 

I'm a 19 year old guy who is no stranger to depression, and suicidal thoughts. While I'm hesitant to call them "attempts," I've left the house twice with a slight intention to consider killing myself. Earlier this year, I was jobless, depressed, and completely scared of the future. I'm not entirely sure where it came from, but I came into contact with a strong urge to improve my life and be happy.

My primary fear though, was my romantic loneliness. I grew up homeschooled and religious, and with boundless social anxiety, particularly with the ladies. Long story short, I'd never had a relationship, a kiss, or anything quite like that, and it was beginning to terrify me. I would often browse /r/foreveralone and sometimes cry in fear of becoming a prime candidate. So, I begin to pick things up. I signed up for a gym, a personal trainer even. I began hanging out with my friends more frequently, made plans to attend uni soon, and developed confidence with girls, even if it was as simple as making eye contact with a cute girl. To my cynical surprise, I even got a job. I live across the street from a giant mall that I often walk around in to clear my head, and one day I noticed a "now hiring" sign crudely taped to a rather unimpressive yet charming arcade. Most of my friends have been off getting educations and good jobs to start a career, so I was a little embarrassed, but hey, I got a job! I was happier, and more satisfied in my future, and then things turned for the worse

First I found out that two of my very best friends, were moving 100s of miles away, which took a decently sized toll on me, but I was able to accept that. Also during this time, I found it harder to go to gym now that I was working. This also tore down my mood. I didn't want to admit it, but life was scaring me again. I began having second thoughts about my university plans, and the added woe of student loans exacerbated it too. Suddenly something happened.

My boss actual owns and runs two arcades in the same mall, one located inside a giant indoor amusement park. She was having trouble balancing staff, so she asked if she could place me at that arcade instead, to which I agreed, seeing no reason why the hell not. Now this amusement park is pretty massive, and it staffed by at least 50, probably closer to 75 or 80. However, the arcade was rented space from my boss and we operated on our own so I didn't exactly meet any of the giant team of ride operators. Just the odd yet lovable arcade crew I had been working with.

That's when I met her. An adorable young girl no taller than 5"1' began chatting with us, I expect with the intention of making us feel like part of the big family (She worked in the AP). It's not long before I take a liking to her, but I also notice she seems to gravitate towards me.  I get her number and text her whenever I can, which she seems to enjoy almost as much as I do. Soon enough, we both know we like each other. But as I got to know her, I found out that she has droves of family drama and an emotionally abusive dad. She tells me that she wants to go out with me but has to get her life together first, and that I caught her during what might be the worst two weeks of her life. Her dad had kicked her out of his house, and she had been living with a co-worker. Despite this, we flirt like there's no tomorrow and insist on keeping the spark between us aflame. She actually started coming to visit me at work on her days off, and when it was slow, I got paid to play arcade games with this adorable young lady. I had a hope that roared like a lion. The next day I find her as well as 5 minutes to sit down and talk. I told her that I liked her so much, told her that there's nothing more I want than this, and that she's entirely worth waiting for. I swear she was glowing during those 5 minutes. She smiled wide and told me she's on the exact same page, and that things are actually getting better with her family. I gave her the biggest hug and waved goodbye. I was in love.

That was the last time I saw her since today, but yesterday evening everything changed. She texted me saying she had really bad news, and my heart sank. Her situation had only become worse, and it pushed her too far. She told me she's moving to a place miles and miles away. She expressed that she hates herself for doing this to me, and it was incredibly difficult, but that she needs to get away from her topsy-turvy life in this city.

And now all I want to do is cry. Despite her expressing still liking me and wanting to be with me one day, there's a pit in my stomach telling me I'll never see her again. Truth be told, I never told her I have no romantic experience, because I was terrified of weirding her out. I wanted, and still want this so badly. I know she's had a few boyfriends and has probably become romantically mature, unlike me, and knows how to get over something like this. I'm unjaded and live in a fantasyland, where I'm gonna marry this girl and run away with her, together. Once again, I feel the fear of being alone again. Once again, I feel like killing myself. Once again, I feel depressed. I don't think I can go to work tomorrow, because I can't handle seeing her. I want to remember that glowing woman telling me I was going to "make her blush like an anime character," when I told her how I feel. She's the only thing that makes me happy. All my friends are leaving, and so is my will to live. I feel like this is the beginning of her new life, and the end of mine.

TL;DR Got depressed, and tried to make things better. My life started spiraling again until I met an amazing girl who is the only thing that makes me happy, now she's moving away. Want to kill myself and feel more sad than I ever have.