I honestly don't know what to say to my boyfriend when he tells me he wants to die or kill himself and I need help.My boyfriend and i have been together for 4 years now. He's from a different country and he had to move to my place to study for college so he's currently not with his family and we met in first year college. There's been a fair share of highs and lows in our relationship. I really love him so much, he is a really great guy when he is calm and happy but when he gets depressed he says the most hurtful things. So it usually happens when he's in his most vulnerable state, like when he's alone in his apartment, when he's broke, or when a lot of things just happen to go wrong that day. Just recently he told me he wishes he had never been born coz his parents, his siblings, me included (he thinks im insecure), no one in his life is worth looking up to and that nothing in his life is worth getting in up in the morning for. He mostly also blames me for not having friends because he's focused on me since im his gf and he spends all his time on me but i never stopped him from making friends. Sometimes i feel like i can't share my feelings with him when i'm down because he's either gonna tell me i'm insecure and he can't look up to someone like me or one-up my situation by telling me his life is worse, so i constantly have to be "strong for him". Anyways when he starts to tell me this and that he wants to kill himself, which mostly happens on chat, because when i'm around him, he's usually fine, i mostly just tell him that i'm here to listen because i keep thinking that what id tell him would most likely be wrong and he always tells me he wishes someone was able to tell him the right things, right after ive given him some advice, but i don't know what the right things to say are. It wouldve been easier if it happened in person coz i could just listen and hold him but it is different in chat. I desperately need help. I want to help him and i wanna be able to react properly when it happens again. What should I do?
