I've fucked up...Hi SW.  I'm here reaching out.  I've really fucked up and I can't fix my mistakes.

I was an abused and abandoned child.  I grew up with warped views on relationships and attachment issues.  I have always been a perfectionist.  That masked a lot of insecurities.  I was sexually abused at a young age.  I dealt with weight issues through childhood and adolescence, then later again as an adult.  I resolved the weight issues after the end of a twelve year long relationship.

Then I met someone and fell madly in love.  It was a very intense, extremely abusive relationship.  I endured severe beatings, rape and extreme psychological abuse.

The relationship ended by intervention. My world was shattered in a matter of hours.  My partner is gone, and I am left picking up the pieces of my life.  I lost everything that meant anything to me.  Not just my love, but things that meant more.  I am now in a pretty bad place.  I hate that I still love.

Shortly after all that happened, I cut myself.  I watched several bathtubs of bloody water drain before I bandaged myself up.  I failed at that, too.  A couple of days later, after dealing with some things, I admitted myself.

I have PTSD.  It's been months since it happened.  I see therapists twice weekly.  I have support and love from family and a few close friends that know what happened.  I have a wonderful doctor.

I don't deserve all that I have.  My mistakes have hurt so many people.  I don't feel deserving of their love.  I have tried so hard to right these wrongs but every day brings new adversity.  I'm tired of burdening everyone with my problems and I'm not strong enough to carry the weight on my own.

Forgive my ambiguity, but I seek comfort in anonymity.  I fear that I am sinking into that darkness that almost took me before.  People think that I am suffering from cancer because of the toll this has taken on me.  I am just really fucked up.  I see how far I've come, but the road ahead isn't one I want to travel anymore.  I have no fight left.
