Just getting my thoughts outWhy not suicide?

Before anything one thing that's been on my mind recently is, Why is is universally accepted that suicide is a negative thing, even among those that want to commit it? Many progressives believe that euthanasia is something that should be legal, and while I'm not trying to compare depression or thoughts of suicide to someone having an extremely painful condition that in many cases is incurable in the hardest sense of the world, I do think that if people feel a psychological or emotional pain that they feel is large enough to make them want to take their life all together, who are we to want to stop them? Even if depression puts them in a state where we feel they should not be able to make decisions for themselves, even if we think they're a bright, young, talented individual who has a full life in front of them, who are we to get in the way of their autonomy? Who are they to get in the way of my autonomy?

And so I guess I'm here to get more thought's out so I'll begin again with "Why not suicide?"

This question has been in my head for a while and through reading and long internal diatribes, I've whittled down every argument that I can think of, and what little is left to prevent me from doing anything to myself still doesn't change the fact that I want to kill myself.


You don't know what the future holds!

Honestly I don't care what the future holds. I've had points in my life that were unbelievably fulfilling. There were a couple of years in my life where I was on a speech team that was the best in the nation. The whole team including the coaches were some of the best, most intelligent people I've met and I've never been around such a large group of people since who have all meshed so well. I know that If I got to a plateau like that again, I would likely not want to kill myself, but in many respects I feel that doesn't matter. I don't care about the highs when they're not worth the lows. Maybe that makes me a quitter or coward, but it should be my choice to quit; cowardice is character trait some people have a harder time dealing with than many others. Who has the right to say that they've dealt with a level of fear or pain greater than anyone else's. 

Your family will go through a great deal of pain! Killing yourself is a selfish act!
Whose fault is that? Cold as it sounds, it's they who chose to mourn over me when, I honestly feel, It would be right for them to be relieved that I'm not in pain. Is it not more selfish of them to have me live in pain my entire life simply so that they can be comfortable knowing that I'm existing somewhere?

A man jumped off a bridge, and right after he jumped, he realized that all of his problems had simple and easily solved solutions except for the fact that he had just jumped.
I still can't find the original quote that I obtained this from, but this stuck with me for a while. Because when you get right down to it, life really is simply made up of decisions that will either positively or negatively impact your life, and when I think about potential decisions I can make today to make my life richer and more fulfilling, I realize how easy on paper life can be. I believe that a majority of people, can make their lives joyful and purposeful by doing a few basic things: eat right, get fit, make as many friends as you can, and if you have problems with that (which I certainly do), actively take steps to learn about ways to change it, take a few risks, and work hard. If I'm honest with myself, I know I'm capable of working at changing all of this today. I don't have any money or even a place to live at this point, but I'll be going to a university in the fall where many of the expenses will be covered, There's a state of the art gym on campus, there are plenty of people class and around campus I can try to be friendly with and work on trying to be outgoing. In the same token, however, if I am being honest with myself, do I really think that I will go out and do these things before I die in any lasting capacity? Maybe. But I'd say the odds are 100 to 1 that I'll do enough of these things in a lasting capacity that will effect my state of being enough for me to change my mind, and 1000 to 1 that I'll be able to do most of these things in a capacity that will bring my happiness in on a long term scale. Some may say that having 1% odds of happiness is not bad scientifically speaking, especially when you consider that there may be many who odds that are much worse, but I'm not willing to risk living 60 more years of my life telling myself I'm going to get my life together based on 100 to 1 odds. (I realize that these are arbitrary odds that I've made up, but the lasting impression I've gotten from this long internal dialogue is that I simply don't want to live this life when I'm not sure If I'll ever change. And even 2 to 1 odds make me not want to risk living to 80 with a 50-50 chance that I will have wanted to kill myself for most of it)

I wanted to kill myself at one point and now I wouldn't dream of it!

This one perhaps bothers me the most. I won't base a decision to not end my life on an experience you've had. I only know what my perspective has allowed me to know, for all I know you could have talents psychologically that our society doesn't even have a word for because it's accessing niche part of your brain that occurs in one out of every billion people. I can't go off of your perception of what your depression was and what your depression has become because happiness is relative.

From a logical standpoint, you don't know what will happen after you die! The fact that it's impossible to know what happens after one dies due to the fact that everyone who's experienced it can't communicate what they now know means that suicide could mean going somewhere far worse than what you're at now!

This is probably the biggest reason as to why I still haven't pulled the trigger [metaphorically speaking (I don't own a gun)]. As an atheist I believe that there is nothing that will happen after I die, but I haven't been willing to gamble my life on a belief that, while I don't intend on changing, could in fact change. Lately I've started to think that If I'm willing to live my life by this belief I can end it by it too which scares me. Not to mention the fact that so much of many religions are based on belief in them, or at the very least certain actions taken in accordance with them, and seeing as I'm likely not in line with any of them I could be keeping myself alive for the same end. To be honest, as much as I want to kill myself, I don't think I'll do it, an eternity is an unfathomable amount of time, and I'm not sure if I could kill myself for this reason, even if the odds of it happening were quadrillions to one, but, with my current frame of thinking at least, I am quickly running out of the reasons that have kept the thought of suicide at bay for the last 5 years or so.

I don't know why I wrote this here as opposed to somewhere that's not seen by the world. I do think that there something to be said for being heard, even if you don't know for sure if others are hearing it. I do wish there were someone I could talk to who knows me about suicide and have somewhat of a rational discussion about it without me being put on a suicide watch, or someone feeling somewhat responsible for me for the rest of their life if I ever did decide to do anything.