how do I deal with my past?figuring out how the fuck i got to this point.

was with a girl who cheated on me a lot... didnt realise ... at the end i blew a fuse called her out on it ... got charged with harassment... she subsequently dropped the charges, mainly because they were trumped charges. were together for four years, lived in 4 countries.

memories from this relationship... included hiding my existence. no online indication of relationship's existence. being only introduced to a subset of friends. having to pretend not to be her boyfriend for a holiday in the Philippines. putting up with her using facebook to obviously keep in contact with other men especially her first love. towards the end, when anxiety was crippling me, being told to stand back when another guy was making advances in my face. going to visit her for two weeks in eastern europe, had very little with her. and she had me arrested ... after two weeks in a mental ward for suicidal ideation and three weeks in a recovery centre for depression. second masters almost ruined.

several months on, elegant intelligent woman walks into my life, is flaky to begin with but then speeds up the dating process and basically moves into my apartment two weeks later. she introduces me to a world i havent known before... she is obsessed with sex, she is also beautiful. i dont know whats happening. sex takes on a new meaning for me. problems arise when she talks about her ex husband, he is still gunning for her. apparently she seems him as family. okay. she speaks to him on the phone... in chinese, she is Chinese. and one point i say i would like to marry you someday. after that she suggest we marry in three months. i try to say its too soon, i don't know much about you... takes it as an insult.

move forward... she takes offense to me rejecting her and my mother's concern regarding her integrity. she goes off for a week to Lebanon and gets up to no good. im apologetic. several months on she speaks of her intention to move back to hong kong. trouble is the ex is there. i follow say i will move with her.. she approves.. but things take a nasty turn.

she remarries her ex husband (she has told me he is a millionaire). while i am there visiting her. she spends hardly any time with me. she apologises... still continues to see me. we agree i will move to shenzhen and teach english. she will move with me. j turn up. book a hotel in shenzhen. second night at 2am she wakes up suddenly starts reminiscing about the insult of my mother challenging her integrity and goes to hong kong. shortly after she tells me she has rented a place in hong kong. she still sees me in shenzhen we still have sex.

im working there have my apartment there, she says she will move there as well. at this point im so insecure and depressed i sleep with an escort. i also develop a nasty habit of asking random people to marry me.... but im very much in love with this chinese girl.

move forward the husband moves into her apartment... i think its hers. we see each other in hotels in hong kong. she works at her husbands company as well. down the line things get even more unstable. she finds out about my misdeads, i run to her with flowers sort of thing.

we make up... this goes on. by this summer... ideas are forming.. im planning a move to hong kong she accompanies me to interviews.. i get one. also she gets pregnant. tells me its mine. but thing is, im stressed beyond belief at this point. make another mistake. had gone for another date in shenzhen.

she has vengeful all night sex with a chinese banker. at the beginning of the relationship with me she told me the sex was great, towards the end... my disposition changed and i couldn't hold an erection.... i had been getting very ill in china, she made a snide remark about my performance about this time. Around this time i'm put on the back burner. eventually she contacts me and says she wants to raise the child with her husband. i say this seems to contrived, as if planned. she takes offense... knowing i was arrested by my ex she says she will have me arrested if i don't leave the country. a week later says she was cruel and is sorry. she didnt mean it. thing is, i left the country. shortly after she blocked all contact.

im in korea. i dont know what is true and what isnt. i dont know anything about the child. i dont know what is true. i do know im suicidal. i do know im probably not even a beta male. i do know im not the best man on the planet. but this story has taken five years of my life. there is a lot more i could have written but it would be too long.

Also I still feel incredibly attached to this woman. She has an intelligence that far outstripped my own. 5 degrees by the age of 27, two in law. She also claimed to have had at least several hundred partners. I've spent the last three weeks, doing absolutely nothing. Hiding, I feel like I have trauma. That probably is an exaggeration. 

Sorry for any spelling, grammar mistakes, i dont particularly like reading over what I have written.