I can’t take it anymoreEverything in my life is gradually going to shit and getting worse, from my home life to my motivation and grades to my mental state. Thinking about all the problems I have, and not knowing how to deal with them or if I can, makes me grow more desperate. I feel alone and like I’m slowly drowning.

I’ve tried to improve by myself and I can’t. It’s too much to deal with on my own. My only hope for getting help or some counseling is in a few months in college. But the idea of making it there is looking bleaker, and I may not even be able to get help anyways. I doubt I’ll even be able to function in college if I keep deteriorating like I am now either. Not even just mentally, but as a person I feel like I’m getting worse. Becoming more bitter, negative, and just shitty. It’s like I’m slowly on the path to insanity or something, and I don’t know how to change course. I don’t want to be alive to see myself downgrade more not knowing how to stop.

I have no clue how to deal with my emotions on my own. I know I have a lot of suppressed emotions from all the bullshit that’s happened this year, but idk how to deal with it all on my own. I can’t keep living with this pain for a few more months. When there’s not even a guarantee that it’ll get better, and I have nothing to keep me going to make up for it. 

This year has been the absolute worst of my life. Not only did my internal problems get 100x worse, with my stupid intrusive thoughts and ocd starting right at the beginning of the year, I had to deal with the loss of a family member and all the grief and painful shit that comes with that. Which I still don’t know how to deal with completely and I know it’s the main thing that’s messing me up right now. I didn’t know what real pain and problems were until this year. Everything else before was stupid. I’d give anything to go back and have the fucking “problems” I had the last 3 years. 

Thats the main thing that’s affecting my home life and my relationship with my mom. I don’t know how to communicate with her about anything anymore. It’s like I’ve emotionally shut myself off from her for some reason. These past few months. The good relationship I had with her I’m slowly ruining. I don’t want to be alive to see myself getting more estranged from her. Im scared of losing her, maybe not even just physically but emotionally too. But it feels like that’s what’s gonna end up happening, if nothing else happens to her, and I don’t know how to stop it.  

I get anxiety being around her, worrying about losing her young too and something happening to her or her developing some problem. I don’t want to deal with the pain and stupid grief of losing another parent. Fuck I can barely handle the loss of one. I’d rather die than go through it again. It’s like that security and comfort I had is gone. It’s like now I know anything can happen, because that’s just how the world fucking works. There’s no guarantee or security that something won’t happen again. 

It’s almost unbearable, the worry and anxiety over this. So I’m slowly distancing myself from her and cutting ties emotionally I guess. To protect myself from some pain or loss that hasn’t even fucking happened yet. It’s ironic, I don’t want to lose her but yet I’m ruining our relationship and wasting the time I have with her now while I have her. Because of fear of losing her in the long run soon. It’s stupid.

This year I’ve wasted all the energy I had with people and to make friends, on toxic ones. It’s happened to me three separate times. the last one was like two months ago. It’s fuckin taxing, starting a friendship with someone you think will be worthwhile and putting in the effort, only to later find out they were just using me or being manipulative, or they just plainly showed they did not care about me at all, and having to cut them off or stop talking to them because it’s just worse. Just giving myself more unnecessary pain and trauma than I already had to deal with. It hurts. And I know it’s my own fault for not seeing the signs. I tell myself I learned my lesson and it won’t happen again, but I know it probably will because I’m just gullible and easily manipulated. I’d give anything to go back and not have met any of them . I wasted my time and effort and was only met with more problems now, and pain in the end. 

Those “friendships” led me to now be more hesitant to talk to people and reach out, when it wasn’t as much of a problem for me before. So now when I meet people that I know would be good friends or it would be a healthy friendship or something, I hesitate to talk to them. Messaging people back makes me more anxious now and I hesitate a lot more to, and it takes me days now at best to get the courage to respond. Even if I know they want to talk to me or do stuff with me. Obviously ruining the friendship before it really even starts, because how the fuck can it work like that. Fuck I even get scared to open social media now sometimes for some reason. Like discord or snap and some other places. I don’t know why, it’s like it reminds me or something. It’s bullshit. I fucked myself up more. I wish I hadn’t given my time and energy to those people when they were the last ones to fucking deserve it. Maybe it’s better that I don’t make friendships as easily, who tf would want to talk to me anyways. There are better people out there.

I have absolutely nothing keeping me going, except a small hope in myself and the hope that it can get better in college. But it just feels stupid and that hope is lessening more and more. It feels like everyone else has at least one person or external thing that keeps them going or pushing through the bad. Everytime I think I have something, it just ends up failing or it gets ruined. But it’s just right that I’m not one of those people. I messed up everything for myself with my choices and actions. Maybe if I did have something I’d be able to push through all this crap.

I isolated myself from my group of friends that I know cared somewhat, a few weeks ago, because I felt like I was bothering them too much and just annoying them. And now I fucking lost them. One of the few good things that happened to me this year. Like the idiot I am. It’s funny how I gravitate towards the people harmful to me easily while pushing away the ones that are good for me. 

There’s no one that cares. The ones that claim to just do it out of pity. They’d all move on anyways, I’m not important enough to be remembered or be sad over for too long. Just easily forgotten and forgettable. There are better people out there anyways and life goes on. 

I’m tired of waking up to face another day with either false hope or mental/emotional pain. I don’t want to cry any more useless tears. Hopefully these are the last ones I ever have to. I don’t want to see myself get worse in multiple aspects. I don t want to keep searching for something to keep me going or to make the pain worthwhile. I don’t want to see everything around me crumble even more. I don’t want to deal with anymore pain. I have too many problems that I don’t know how to fix and I can’t keep dealing with for the next few months, the easier way is just to end it. I should’ve done it back in the summer when I had the urges and means to for the first time. Sure things got better for a time but now I’m here. even worse than before. Anyone in my place would have killed themselves months ago probably.

I would’ve never thought my life would end up like this a few years ago. That’d it reach this point. It even hurts to fucking look in the mirror at this point sometimes. To see how I’ve ended up and what I’ve become. I don’t even recognize myself anymore. Anything good I had is just overshadowed by the bad and all the crap now. Its like it’s all I can see in myself now, more and more everyday. Sure I’m still young and things can turn around. But it won’t happen on its own and I feel like I’m on a bad path that I can’t turn around from, myself, anymore. 

There’s no point in being alive to witness myself become something I despise even more. I see hints of that now and it hurts. 

I played my cards wrong in life and I’m paying the consequences now I guess. I doubt I’ll be alive by the end of this year. There’s no guarantee things won’t be just as bad or worse next year, or heck even for the rest of my life. I’ll probably chicken out and not have to courage to do anything this weekend. If I don’t chicken out, consider this my suicide note or something. 