Someone tell me it's not so badI'm 18, male.
my life has been on a downwards spiral over the last couple of months.
everything bad that could have happened has all come at the same time.

This is all the shit that happened in order of when they happened:

my sister left to another country. I miss her daily.

a close friend betrayed me and tried to turn my other friends against me and now we don't speak.

i planned to go traveling from may till november. this interfered with my college study so i was forced to chose between studying or traveling. i pick traveling.  

My girlfriend of 2 years dumps me. She moves on to another boy in a month.

I got fired from my job for no reason and now no one will hire me. Have been job hunting for two months now. no one will give me an interview.

birthday comes by. No one gets me a gift except mum and dad. my best friends who i buy gifts for every year decide they don't want to get me anything cause they're saving money. my all time best friend decides he's too tired to come see me on my birthday.

now that i'm unemployed i don't have enough money to travel. No school and no traveling now. 

Start getting feelings for another girl. We kiss. Find out she has a boyfriend. Tells me she'll dump him for me but she just needs some time. She keps me on the hang. She still hasn't dumped him. im just embarrassed. still love my ex though.

Injury my shoulder. Too painful to exercise, i'm losing strength and muscle tone.  

Best friend is now addicted to weed. Hardly ever see him cause he's either too stoned to come over or he's asleep. 

my car broke down. costs too much to fix. Won't be able to fix it till i get a job. Hard to get a job without a car.

Slowly finding out i'm not good at anything. I have no talent.

Spending more and more days in bed.

starting to think killing myself is a good idea. i don't want to. i mean i'd prefer to keep living. i used to love life. But ever since it all turned to shit, nothing is getting better and i'm just completely fucking miserable and want it to end. 