Not going to do it, but I think about it constantly now.I'm 25 and I've danced around the topic of suicide on and off for the last maybe 13 years. I've made two half-assed attempts when I was 19 but never since then. This year has just destroyed me. 

My already-dysfunctional relationship with my family (I only have four immediate family members, of which two are already estranged) basically disintegrated this year. Kind of needed it, as my father is abusive, but as he is also in his 70s and in poor health and living alone, I am still racked with guilt.

A four-year relationship with someone I considered the (cliche) love of my life fell apart and they're already out there meeting new people and so on, and it hurts. Especially since they are my best friend, so normally I would go to them with my problems buuuuut now it's too weird and awkward and intimate to do with my ex. Plus I'd be afraid if I confided in them about my mental issues they'd think I was trying to guilt or manipulate them into feeling bad for breaking up with me.

The thing is, I have a lot of other (not super close) friends and acquaintances, and support. I know lots of people would be devastated if I died. I have a therapist, a psychiatrist, and three different kinds of medication that work arguably ok, or did anyway until recently. Besides, hard to say if what I'm feeling now is related to brain chemistry or just my life kinda sucking right now. I dunno if it's worth the effort to keep putting up with my depression just to make these other people happy. I've done that all my life and I kind of feel like I'm being held here against my will. I just want to leave already. Maybe this is what evolution is, maybe I just haven't got what it takes to survive, you know?

Either way, I have things to do before I go. And I keep setting further deadlines, so I know I'll never actually commit suicide. "Well, I can't die before Thursday, because I have to play a show that night. Can't die before March, because that's my album release. Can't die before April, that's my college roommate's wedding." And so on, and so forth, and by the time April rolls around I'll a reason to postpone till June, and so it goes.

And yet, these goals are starting to seem less and less necessary to complete.

edit: the ironic thing is i volunteer at a crisis hotline, ha