a post24M My personality is a tapestry of hypocrisy and contradiction. I am a hopeless people-pleaser at heart, but I'll be damned if I go completely out of my way to make someone happy. I typically put in the minimum amount of effort possible - just enough so it could be said that I actually did something, and made the person happy. I put on a facade of niceness despite being bitter, cynical, even hateful at times, but I cower in the face of conflict, and even being around it when it doesn't involve me is enough to make me anxious and upset. I am simultaneously self-loathing and a selfish narcissist, addicted to tearing myself down but unable to bear the thought of others even disliking or having issue with me. I deeply value honesty and loyalty, but for over a decade I've lied frequently to my parents about many things, including my mental state, my employment status, and my spending, drug, and alcohol habits. They've told me several times they find it more than difficult to trust me, and I can't blame them. I value thoroughness and a strong work ethic in my coworkers, though you'll find I cut corners, bend rules in my favor, and I find all forms of work to be soul-crushing. The only reason I do work hard is because the shame of disappointing my bosses, being resented by my coworkers, and having to ask for money from my family trumps the agony of working. I am irresponsible with the money I do make, pissing it away on alcohol, junk food, video games, and prostitutes in a futile attempt to shove anything into the void in the hopes of feeling less hollow for more than a few moments. Above all else, I'm a die-hard perfectionist and yet about as lazy and stubborn as a person can be. This wonderful combination results in someone who can't be assed to do anything not forced upon him, very rarely follows through on the things he does start, and then finally is almost never satisfied on the rare occasion he does finish something. I've gotten very good at making excuses, procrastination, and weaseling my way out of commitments. I've lost the ability to connect with anyone and make friends.

I honestly don't think this constellation of traits is particularly special. Just a typical shithead millenial raised mostly by an anxious, mentally ill single mother on an SSI budget who never learned to work hard for anything nor value the things he had.

Parents divorced at 7 years old. It was a messy ordeal. Suffered from clinical depression and severe social anxiety since 12. Bipolar 1 diagnosis at 19, following my very first manic episode and near-mental breakdown away at college. I was prescribed lithium and Zoloft. Five years, three failed attempts at college, and many, many types of medication later, and I now refuse to take meds. I'm so completely disillusioned with the pharmeceutical industry, an industry which thrives not on curing, but on keeping people only just a bit less miserable than they were before (with the bonus of side effects, which now you'll need these other pills for...). Years of depression, being a pothead, and drinking heavily have fucked my brain up enough as is.

My parents are the last two ropes mooring me to this earth. Even the few friends I've managed to keep thus far, I feel, will be able to move on from my passing easier. Certainly there isn't, and never will be, a girlfriend to hold me back. I learned the hard way that I'm too ugly inside-and-out to be considered for a relationship. I've had a plan for years now, but never have I felt so close to at last acting upon it. I just need that one last push to overcome my nemeses, Cowardice and Shame. It's beyond frustrating.

When I go, I want it to be painful. I see it as poetic absolution for all of my mindless hedonism.