I felt really proud of myself. Now I feel hopeless and disgusting, can't stop thinking about hurting myself againI don't know if this is the right place to post this. I'm 20 on Tuesday. 
I suffered childhood depression from the age of about 8, wasn't diagnosed until I was 14 and had progressed into severe anxiety based depression, I've attempted suicide 3 times, have gone to numerous psychologists and tried numerous medications on my own accord.  

Last year I went through a really tough breakup, had a big falling out with most of my friends, was borderline homeless then moved to a new state and tried to start everything fresh. It didn't work out, I eventually moved back to my home town, moved into a new house with good housemates, got a new job and suddenly everything started to fall into place, I stopped taking my medication, enrolled back into Uni, I started making new friends, started casually dating a great guy I met online, passed my second semester when I had failed my first. Just felt solid and stable for a good 6 months or so. 

But everything has been falling apart again, the guy I've been seeing had really felt like such a great friend and person to talk to, he came down to visit me a couple of times. He came down last fortnight for a bit over a week, things started changing, usually it feels kind of like we're in a relationship and its all sweet and lovely. It started off that way then changed, I feel really sexually violated and disgusting, he'd push to have sex when I said no, we were taking long road trips and he kept trying to touch me in the car, I was upset and said it was dangerous, he told me to take my underwear off or he'd be driving more dangerously trying to pull them off. There were several instances like that. I felt sore and disgusting. After he left he stopped talking to me, any contact has been really apathetic, I tried talking to him about what happened he says that I bought it upon myself. 

This weekend I threw a birthday party which I haven't done in years, I was really looking forward to it, made heaps of food. I'd invited new friends and old friends about 35 people all up. I had 25 people say they could make it. It was meant to go 2pm-8pm only my sister and best friend turned up. At 6 a couple other people came to visit but that was it. No one really bothered to tell me why they didn't come and no one wrote back. This was on the day that close family friends were having a wedding which I wasn't invited to (posted thread in r/relationships)

 i've always had a real fear of rejection and really struggle to get close to people. I don't knwo what i do wrong, I feel so hopeless and disgusting. I feel like people don't like me, I just hate myself, I don't know why I keep trying so hard. I just feel like people who I love don't love me and I'll be continually used and discarded for the rest of my life. I don't want to live like this, I don't think I want to live at all.               