I am a shit person and now a rapistThrowaway obviously 

My life on the outside is great. I have close friends and I have a family that provides for me and loves me unconditionally. It’s when I’m alone left to my devices that I do wrong to others. I’ve been riddled with so much guilt from hurting my closest friends and letting my family down with my poor academics and general attitude towards life. I feel like two different people. One side is the lazy but good kid in the family and the other is the side my family doesn’t see. Pretty normal for a 20 year old I would say.

My anxiety rules me and my depression seems to be getting worse. I feel paranoid I feel like I don’t deserve love cause I’m everything people see as wrong. I’m an asshole, I’m abusive, I’m prone to jealousy , I’m riddled with negative emotions and thoughts, but worse of all I’m now a rapist. A piece of a shit rapist that deserves to die.

They were a friend that had things rough growing up. We were supposed to hang out for lunch but when I picked her up she was on a bender that resulted in them doing 25 pills of MDMA. Which I thought the best course of action was to take them to my place where I could help them come down from it. Scared out of my mind and anxious as hell, I proceed to drink till my anxious thoughts become numb and throw out the rest of their supply in my trash can. I’ll spare you the details of my actions. Even though they gave me consent and said it was ok throughout the night I felt guilty, I felt worse than ever that this person who trusted me was being taken advantaged of because of me. 

Things only got more messed up later on. I drove her to the ER cause they weren’t coming down from the MDMA. We get there and it turns out they were lying about their age and that they were underage but old enough to give consent. That part didn’t matter to me, I was already feeling guilt so why not sprinkle more on top. Just today they told me the nurses thought I gave them the drugs and have open an investigation on this due to their age and the oral swap they did which most definitely picked up my DNA. They’re telling me I’m a shitty person and a rapist which I am and deserve to be since I’m a fucked person. They originally wanted the drugs back that I threw but then turned it around and said they are going to use the messages (saved snapchat messages) to tell the investigators that I tried to give them drugs to keep quiet.

It feels my luck is running out and so is my time here alive. I planned on going out of town to commit suicide and try to make it look like an accident so my family and friends don’t have to feel bad and question what made me do it. It really went the past few days before the incident that things were going to work out. I was going to beat my depression and be the person I wanted to be. But I can’t escape what I’ve done. I can’t leave the burden on my family that I wasn’t who they thought I was. Which is why I’m either going to be caught by the investigators and thrown in prison for being a rapist which I deserve. Or take the cowards way out like I have my entire life killing myself to escape once and for all.

As much as I joke about wanting to die and wishing death upon myself. I love life. I love my family so much. I love my friends. I love everything. But I don’t deserve to be loved like the things I love. Which is why I’m going to kill myself this week when I’m out of town and away from my family. The only worry is I’m too much of a fucking pussy to actually do it. Which is why I feel like the walls are going to close in, my luck has finally run out. Handcuffs and thrown in prison. With everyone who ever cared about me knowing the monster and coward I truly am.

I really wanted to change for the better. But even I know that wasn’t going to work.