I don't know what I want anymoreI seriously think that I am a huge failure and should just cease to exist. I failed my college, I bounced from one job to another for several years before I stabilized at a company doing programming.

I thought I was really into programming, but I feel bored doing the same thing everyday. I somehow got promoted to lead the department, handle a few projects but I feel no sense of achievement, and it getting a bit too stable for my liking and I quit my job, thinking I will be happier working on my own. I was wrong, bad economy and I eventually suffer financially. 

I married my girlfriend for 8 years but for some reason, I feel the marriage is going nowhere and I have lost my feeling for my wife and I finally filed for divorce. I thought I will be happier on my own. 

I then met this wonderful single mother, we got serious, I moved in, I thought I will be a very happy man. I was, for a while. But I started to feel miserable. 

Looking back, I feel like I have made all the wrong decision and screw up my career and my life big time. And now I really do not know what I really wanted. Sometimes I woke up asking myself why screw up my study by partying, gaming, gambling. And after I put in so much effort getting promotion and recognition in my job, I chose to destroy it. Why my marriage failed. I still could not erase the memory of my ex wife crying and begging me to stay. And my current girlfriend, she cares deeply about me, she love and tolerate me, but somehow, deep down, I still have this thought that I might be happier on my own. I have been living on my own for some times, I hated it. But when I was in a relationship, I want out. I think I just scared of relationship and commitment? I don't know. Or I just don't know what is happiness all my life.

All those regrets and guilts are killing me from inside. Sometimes I feel like a normal person, but some nights I cried myself to sleep. I am completely lost.

I voluntarily gave up my apartment and my car for the divorce. Now 36 years old, I am left with nothing. Suicide has been on my mind for quite sometimes now. The last time I met my parents, my mother noticed something and before she left, she told me whatever I choose to do, don't ever think of ending my own life. I know if I ever go there, I will break her heart but I don't feel this life is worth living anymore. 

Please forgive my bad english. Not my main language.