What are you thoughts on this ?Hello,
I don't use reddit or other forums very often, but I've met some people with interesting opinions, views and values on reddit, which is the reason I will post something in here again, hehe.
To make a long story a tiny bit shorter: What does makes life worth living for you guys ? What is giving you strength to stand up every day ? What brings laughter and joy to you people ? What is 
making all the struggles worth in the end for you ?

I am diagnosed with severe depression for three years now and it actually gets harder for me each day to look forward, to see any light in my darkened mind. I had a suicide attempt about roughly a year ago. I'm thankful to have survived it without any big issues afterwards. I was able to fully recover. It was horrible, the pain and looking death into its eyes, it was a horrible feeling. I am actually scared what would happen if I would ever succeed with a suicide. Who can guarantee things are over afterwards ?... It's a eerie thought to stop living and thinking, but on the other hand suicidal thoughts stay always present to me.
I don't have much strength left and almost sleep the whole day, so I am wondering what helped you guys to somehow overvome or to alteast handle the sadness, to controll the melancholy and the anger, all this bitterness and selfhatred better ? I have been prescripted a new medication. I have to get these by tomorrow, but from my perspective its just a drug messing with my brain chemicals anyways. I used antidepressants before and I agreed to give this a try, but I don't think it will change much. It all feels like a waste of time and energy.
This is a serious question guys, should I just try to kill myself again, do you have arguments for doing it or any counterarguments to condemn it ?

There was a lot I was going through, so much that it would take long to list it here. But I'm not thirsty for compassion. Rather I would be so glad if some of you could tell me what I could do in this situation and if you even think suicide is a solution, it is totally fine to me. I just want to have some different views on this topic.
There are not many people which will miss me if I suddently stopped existing... So what could make life worth to be lived ? I'm so scared this sickness will never go away and will further follow me around dosen't matter where I go. So death might be the last way out. But I really don't want to go this way, but it just feels so hopeless. The whole atmossphere around me feels so cold as if I'm already dead.

Greetings Michael !