Sorry this is so longSo this is my first time posting on here and I'm not entirely sure why I wanted to but here goes.

Idk what a person would consider as suicidal thoughts, is it just simply thinking of ending your life or something more complex? If it's the latter, I've had way too many suicidal thoughts to count. I've never really thought about suicide before almost a decade ago, it just seemed like this imaginary thing that people talk about but doesn't happen.

Then my friend killed herself and suicide became something too real, too possible. Shortly after, the thoughts followed. I got violent, sad, angry, basically the perfect suicidal cocktail. I wondered if it would hurt, if anybody would miss me, if they did how long would they miss me? I mean after so long nobody visits you anymore because anybody that would've care would die out after so long and your corpse will just be forgotten.

When I get mad the first thing I do, my first instinct is to slice open my skin, my flesh. I need to see myself bleed to make myself feel real. When I'm really angry or depressed, I can't even feel the cutting so I cut deeper, I bleed more.

I'm sensetive and I hate it. A fucking crybaby, so weak. As soon as anything negative is said about me I go to a quiet place and bawl my eyes out then I cut again and again because I'm so disgusted with myself. 

More than once I've took my sharpest knife and pressed the steel against my neck, right at the vein on the side, the main vein. If I cut deep enough here I would die, I know I would because I can feel my heartbeat when I press down and I keep pressing until I see little blood droplets, then I stop.

Maybe I'm not ready to go yet. Maybe things will get better, I say that everyday but yet I still end up in the quiet with a knife pressed against my neck. I hate life, but I'm too scared to end it so I guess I'll have to suffer through until I'm not scared anymore.

God I'm getting angry at myself for writing this. I just feel like a waste of space sometimes and I hate myself for it. I won't stop cutting, it releases my anger, trust me I tried the alternative things but inly cutting works. I need to see myself hurt to feel better, that's just how it is right now.