I'm sorry fucking tired of being strong and moving on. [Triggers]This is crossposted on the suicide berievement sub. I'm reaching the end of my rope.

My whole life has just been so much. Before I was even four years old, my mother had a second child, who died several hours later. My parents suffered from extreme depression for the next few years of my life, which were incredibly formative to my development.

When I was nine, my neighbor's gardener raped me. He threatened to kill me if I told anyone. Soon after, he moved away.

About a month before my tenth birthday, my best friend dies of lukiemia.

When I was 12, I developed a drinking problem after to moving to a small town where my father was my principal. By 13 I'd been raped two more times, once by an adult, once by someone my same age. I've attempted suicide five times at this point.

At 14 I had moved again. I became somewhat close with a boy with serious emotional problems. By 15, he hung himself. His parents blamed me. Attempt six and seven follow shortly after.

16, my best friend's brother rapes me at a party when I wind up too drunk. (My best friend lands him in the hospital soon after, but then never speaks to me again). His mother calls me screaming that I'm a whore. Attempt number eight.

19. I come out of the closet, and my family passively disowns me, and I'm forced to move back out.

20. A neighbor friend commits suicide in our apartment building. My girlfriend and I take care of her grieving boyfriend, and sage the house at his request. He threatens suicide for months, has a mental breakdown, and after he's hospitalized, I never hear from him again.

21. Another friend kills himself, mere months after the last. Gunshot to the head. I have nightmares for years, despite never seeing the body

22. Severe depressive episode that brings up attempt nine and ten. Ten is almost successful. Parents pull me out of school and force me to move back in with them so they can mentally and emotionally harass me for months. 

24, my life starts to turn around. I  move out again and make some good friends, and end up in my current relationship. I finally find a therapist that works for me, meds that help, and after a few years, move to a new country and start fresh. I make lasting friendships. 

28. I meet the man who will become my best friend at a work get-together for a job I no longer had. We hit it off immediately. Before a month is up, we've dragged my partner and two mutual friends into a weekly D&amp;D game.

31, a week shy of turning 32, that man kills himself. He leaves me a letter and some things. I hadn't seen his face in six days. I hadn't hugged him in months due to COVID. He was 23 years old.

All this to say... I'm so fucking ANNOYED. I know it's stupid but I'm sitting here like "Christ, again? Why does this still get to you?"

That and I want to grab every well-meaning "you'll get past this" person by the shoulders and scream "WHO DO YOU THINK YOU'RE TALKING TO?" I know what grief is. I've suffered it plenty. Don't talk to me like this is something you understand better than me. 

But I just feel so defeated. I'm so tired. I want to be done.

I think this is it. My best friend killing himself a month before the 2020 election... I don't know how much more I can take. I want so badly to die. I want to be with my best friend. I want to hug him, and feel his warmth, and stop feeling so fucking tired.