I’ve been forced out of my life after I was just beginning to recoverThis past summer I had a psychotic break that set me back completely after 8 years of working through depression, anxiety, and trauma. Last semester I spent the whole time isolating myself, actively suicidal, unable to get myself to do anything unless it was my school work or an obligation. 

This semester I moved residences to be in my fraternity house with a lot of other people and finally felt like I could make progress. I started to develop more connections with people and knew I had people I could turn to at any time of the day if I felt like I was unsafe with myself. I started to make improvements. I had a whole plan of what I wanted and needed to do to reach a comfortable level with myself before I graduate this spring. 

But now everything’s shattered. Our school was shut down somewhat suddenly amidst the virus outbreak and I panicked and left with a couple of friends who live somewhat near my area, terrified it would be my only chance to leave. Only once we were on the road did I realize this was the worst decision I could’ve made. I don’t have a lot of supports in California. All my friends live far away from me and I can’t see them since I don’t have transportation. 

I have a decent relationship with my family but due to the fact that I tried to kill myself in their house, I can’t go back there because I get violently depressed. My parents don’t even know I’m in the state. I’m stuck with nowhere to live except to house hop, which I don’t want to do, and my depression has come back horrifically. I don’t see myself recovering from it this time, as I have no way to reach the supports I finally made. 

Right now my only option is to go back to my house in California for a couple of days, but I can’t stay long. I don’t know what to do. The depression has gotten so bad that I don’t want to live or do anything related to living, like eating or moving. I want to find a way back up to Washington but it might be impossible. I’m really, really scared. I felt like things were finally going to be okay. Now I’ll never have the chance for them to be okay, since this was my last semester at school...