I need to go to class. But I want to stay home and cut myself for hours. I need to go. I can't go.Just what the title says. I have a test to go to, a discussion to go to and three classes to attend but I honestly do not think I can go. I have my Xanax. My various tools and shit for cutting. I don't think I can go. I will break down in class. I don't know what the fuck to DO. 

I don't want to die, I don't have the means nor desire to do that. But I want to do SERIOUS harm to myself. My cell phone is broken. No one will find me. I wonder how deep and how many cuts I can do. How many bruises I can make. Maybe I'll just go for the test, come home, keep cutting. And cutting and cutting and cutting.

I usually am here to help people. I can't do that anymore. I am unlovable, weak, ugly and flawed. So ugly they are going to cut my face open soon and fix it. So unlovable that my boyfriend doesn't love me. So flawed and weak that I can't even finish college. I'm shaking. I can't go to class. I don't know what to do. I'm sweating and it's only 67 degrees in here. I can't go to class. I can't go to class. I can't do this. I am miserable, a failure an utter utter utter failure.

When I smack myself, my dog cowers. It makes me feel like the worst possible person. But I am. I am. I am the worst possible person. I am the worst person. I desire all of this. I am incapable. I am unlovable. I am I am I am I am. 

I am disassociating. This aren't my hands, this isn't my fucked up, micrognathia-ridden ugly fucking face. This isn't my disgusting body. These aren't my eyes, these aren't my bruised arms. This isn't me. This isn't me that I'm cutting because it doesn't hurt. It's bleeding but I don't feel shit. I do feel like someone kicked my throat and chest. My throat. My jaw. My fucked up jaw. My fucked up facial structure that the doctors will soon nip and tuck and rip apart and charge me out of my ass for. Will I be beautiful then? Lovable? Human? Fixable? 


If they have something to fix, that means I'm broken.

I cannot help you all anymore. I'm sorry. I'm useless. I'm sorry for everything. For ever meeting anyone. For ever getting involved in anyone's life and making it worse.

Everyone in my life deserves better than me. Soon, everyone will find it. 