My friend is convinced suicide is the only solution.So my friend is still in her teens. She has been visiting a psychologist for theast year and they've talked about various schemas and issues. They've concluded most of her depression comes from her parents and her inability to live up to expectations. 

Before, it was just the pressure from her mum - saying stuff like, "Why are you wearing that?", "Your skirt is too short.", "You wouldn't have depression if youd just listen to me.", and just generally raising her voice and being as most typical Asian mothers are. I've seen her mother in action so its not just a biased comment from my friend. Her mother seems to be very demanded and having particular expectations about etiquette and academic performance. Her mother is also a very closed minded individual and doesn't like the fact that my friend discusses her thoughts and feelings with me.

And as of late, her father is siding with his wife, I'm assuming mostly due to the fact that he doesn't understand much about mental health and doesn't know what to do.

As a result, she feels like her parents are always against her and get upset that she can't live up to these set expectations to which she does try to meet. She has struggled with self harm before and has self esteem and self image issues. She has anxiety and depression and has shared she doesn't want to be around anymore, that she doesn't care, and that she feels lonely and empty.

I try to ask her questions about what she does want but even she doesn't know. She also feels even worse that she doesn't know and that she feels useless, and is convinced suicide is the only choice. She's still alive currently but I'm at a loss. While I can empathise with depression as I've gone through it myself, we're both fundamentally different people so what worked for me don't work for her. She also fears failure so she isn't motivated to try new things. 

The most I can do is listen and be there. But it breaks my heart to see her like this. Please help. 