Goodbye to you all (even tho this won’t be seen or read by anyone)To the entire W family, I hope you all will be able to move on as usual. I never really had a connection with any of you. Interaction with you all, came across to seem as if you all have bitter and resentful feelings towards me, even though I don’t feel that way about any of you.

To my immediate family, this will probably end up impacting you two the most out of everyone. You two are most likely going to be the only ones who’s aware of my exiting. I’m sorry to my brother and my mother, I can’t live just for the sake of family, when the world that’s not related to me doesn’t want anything to do with me.

To my last few friends 
B, G, N, N, E, C, C
Thank you for bringing joyful moments in my life.  I’m glad that none of you will be impacted by my exiting, never knowing due to having no one to inform anyone of you. None of you have contact with my family, the only people who’d be aware. Due to none of my friends and the majority of the younger generation not reading the newspaper, there won’t be a source to inform of my passing. I hope you all can proceed as usual like nothing happened. I will leave this world without others being aware of it. To both N &amp; C, I hope your guys wedding goes well, as well with you N, I hope your wedding with M goes well. 

Z,J,M,P. I’m sorry for letting you all down and I’m heartbroken I ended up getting all four of you to not want anything to do with me and not being able to bear a conversation with me. It wasn’t any of your faults for my depressed/suicidal condition of 2019 that was caused by work, school and finances. However I bottled it up and isolated myself instead of informing anyone of you of struggling even though you were the uplifting highlight of my days. I became too draining for you guys and I’m not upset with anyone of you four for walking away, I wish I could say otherwise for how I feel about myself however. Even though the four of you seem to borderline despise me and would flee the room if I was present, I still care about you guys. In my final moments and as my heart beats for the last time, I’ll be thinking of the positive memories. You guys will think of me on however you choose to think about me, I can’t change if you guys perceive my exiting as a pathetic attempt at attention in the near 0% chance any of you will be informed of my absence. I just want to  rest and end this pain which has had no minimization from medicine, hospitalization, or therapy.

With friends dwindling, living back home, financially struggling, college degree field being shut down from budget cuts. I’m left with nothing but loneliness and emptiness. Such emotional agony that causes me physical aches and pain alongside emotional. Personal hobbies are pointless when it’s constantly while alone and there’s no one to share or talk about said hobby with. 

The last loved one in my life to mention is someone who isn’t capable of reading this and that’s my dog. I love you R and it might be tough being in a new home, with me being your second home and owner. I hope you get people that’ll love you as much as I loved you and that aren’t as broken as me. Thank you for keeping me company in my last months here when others couldn’t stand my presence.

I told myself if by April things had worsened then it’ll be time to end it all and it has and it’ll clearly continue for the rest of my life. Some people aren’t meant for this world and that’s something I’ve come to terms with. I’m not scared of being gone, I’m finally ready to end my worthless misery. I just have to wait until the house is inevitably empty within the next few days to make sure there isn’t anyone to stop my passing.