i can't think of a title(im going to start by saying i made a new account here to stay anonymous, as a few people can trace me by my main screenname)

i guess mainly i need to vent, but i need feedback. or something. im not really sure that i want to commit suicide. ive attempted and obviously failed in the past, so its not an unfamiliar feeling. i know all the important things. there are people who care about me. people will miss me. yeah. i have things i want to do in life. goals. hopes. dreams. im not homeless or unemployed. i have a girlfriend, technically a fiancee. sounds great, right? except its not.

i live about 3 hours away from any family. i rarely get to visit them, or even call them. why? im usually working 12 hours a day, 7 days a week. im at work now. sounds like a good job, huh? reliable, secure. seems like im important if i work that much. i make close to minimum wage. i drive an hour to and from work. i never know when im not going to have work to do. i put in so much overtime that you would think the company would at least act like they appreciate it, or recognize it. but no, the first site i worked got rid of my company because of the overtime i worked. the reason i worked the overtime was to show that we could cover shifts even if it meant taking time out of my life to do it.

so yeah, i could get a new job. i have no complete college education, which is rough but not a game breaker. but what makes it tough is ive been self medicating my depression with weed. and everyone knows thc takes forever to get out of your system. i dont fancy the idea of other, harder street drugs that clear your system faster because if i die i dont want it to be an accidental OD. and yeah, i could take a break from it. i tried. it was terrible. bearable though. but i recently started again. i realized i dont want to switch from one shit job to another. i need to upgrade my job, and i have no idea how i would. so im just hoping to move up in this company. which, again, doesn't seem likely.

and then theres my girlfriend. really nice at first, caught me off guard after a breakup. as sweet and outgoing as could be. we got an apartment together and things went to hell. i wasnt really ready to be in a relationship, but she was so kind, and gentle, and social. but a few months after we get that apartment, she claims she's always had social anxiety, depression, what have you. okay. nothing against that. except she holds me back. she never wants to go anywhere other than work, but on the off chance i get a day off and want to do something, she has a problem with being home alone. she argues about the stupidest things, and looks for things to get upset about. ive wanted to leave for two years now. but i cant. she hasnt outright threatened it, but i know that if i were to leave. she'd either kill herself or come after me. and i dont want to do that to her. id really like things to be like how they initially were between us, but no effort i make can ever convince her its a good idea. and if things were always bad, i wouldnt care, but every now and then, things are nice. for a brief moment. but the unpredictability is fucking with me, too.

and i have my vices. i'm a gamer. i play an MMO. which is fun. except i'm about average a player, maybe a bit above average. so PvP isn't something i can enjoy, i always get my ass handed to me. but anything vs a CPU is mind numbingly boring and easy, except when i get stuck with a team that doesn't know what's going on, and won't listen. and with my work schedule, i don't have time to partake in any of my other hobbies. i'm lucky to have the downtime i have at work to play games. another reason leaving for another shit job doesn't fly. work is my reprieve and my prison.

so, long story short. i want to kill myself. but i really can't. i have family who cares, and it would surely upset them. it would upset my girlfriend, who as much as i'm starting to not care about, i really do care, no matter how irritated i get. i'd be leaving any future i may have behind. but likewise, i don't have any idea how else to get out of my situation. my life really isn't all that bad, per se... except i have goals, hopes, and dreams. and everything seems to be holding me back.

i can't do it anymore. i'm so frustrated that i can barely even have a decent conversation with anyone anymore. not that i talk to anyone but my girlfriend, i don't have many friends here and certainly don't have the time to hang out with them. i need some way out. and due to the nature of it, suicide doesn't even seem like a real option. which pushes me even further toward it because things are just getting that hopeless.