Help with telling a friend I attemptedIf this is the wrong sub please tell me and I'll remove it.

I was going to attempt on March 15th. I had a plan, the pills, everything. But my school counsellor found out during our (school transfer) meetings. I didn't tell anyone but once she figured out I didn't have a plan for the future she pressed and I broke. I was Baker acted. 

When I got back I told my school friends. But I have this one friend of mine who goes to a different school now. She's my best friend and we've gone through a lot together. I didn't know how to tell her so I pretended I was sick for the 4 days I was gone. I've been meaning to tell her, but I can't find a reason. I've always struggled with the idea of having reasons to do things, why I should act a certain way or label myself. One of the main reasons I didn't acknowledge my feelings of gender dysphoria was because I figured I wasn't "distinct" enough, whatever that meant. My point is, I always looked for reasons to do things, big or small.

I want to tell her but I can't think of any proper reason. I'm afraid I secretly want the sympathy or whatever. I can't think of a proper reason that helps either of us that telling her would achieve. Today on a group call I made a "sewer slide" joke and someone asked about the context. The best friend was on the call so I avoided the question. I don't want to lie to her (but it's been months since I was "sick" and it was never mentioned after March) but I also don't want to seem like I'm begging for attention or hurt her. 

I don't want the sympathy or attention or whatever. If I wanted that I'd have blasted it across the school. I'm afraid doing this would do nothing but hurt her unnecessarily. Are there any actual reasons that are helpful someone would want to tell their friend about an attempt? If you don't see any please don't sugarcoat it because at this point I don't want to tell her anything that wouldn't be ultimately beneficial for our friendship because I care about her.

TLDR; Want to tell a friend about an attempt I was planning a couple months ago but I can't think of a reason for doing such a drastic action. Should I even do this? Are there any constructive reasons for doing so or is this some ill-thought out idea?