i’m begging you, someone please give me advice. this is it for mei can’t do this. i was angry and bitter in my last posts, and i still am, but i’m genuinely on the edge now. like, i could see myself downing three bottles of pills right now if they were in front of me. so please, someone, if you have any advice, please help me.

my parents, especially my dad, are extremely religious. i suffer from religious trauma that’s ongoing. i used to fear hell—that’s why i’m not dead yet (don’t say “well that’s a good thing, then”—the religious trauma hurts a ton and i don’t think any part of it is good)—but now i don’t. i don’t think heaven or hell exists; it’s just a way for people to try to cope with the fact that we’re not infinite, by lying to themselves and trying to convince everyone that we will live forever. even if i lived forever in heaven, that would be torture. can you imagine just existing forever? fucking terrible.

anyways, my parents r extremely strict and force a ton of christian stuff down my throat. my dad thinks that if i just accepted jesus my eating disorder would go away in a second. i told him i’m just not religious and i want him to respect it, but he just said “if you believed your kids eternal fate depended on how you taught them, wouldn’t you want to make sure they got into heaven?” i told him i’d let my kid make their own decisions. he said he does let us make our own decisions abt that, but he doesn’t. he’s very condescending about it. and i hate him for it. i fucking hate him. 

my moms emotionally manipulative. she never said a word when my dad would verbally abuse me and my siblings as kids. i used to feel bad for her, but now i don’t. i hate her as much as my dad. she gaslights me all the time and just makes me want to kill myself even more. 

please, how do i get out of this? me figuring out my style and clothing preference has surprisingly helped me cope, actually, but it won’t work for the three more years i have to stay here. please don’t say “just wait it out”. thanks