Any advice on this one?I'm facing some difficult thoughts and have recently had suicidal thoughts come to mind.

I don't feel I'm in any immediate danger of attempting anything however, I am struggling to find a reason to keep pushing on. I'm only 23 years of age, and feel life still has a lot to offer and vice versa but, if you imagine I had no friends or family to avoid causing pain to and I was not able to help others in any capacity anymore, there's nothing important enough to me to keep me here.


Also, I'm barely handling my accountability for my actions in life so far. I can't unshoulder anything I've ever done wrong and I continue to torment myself with it like some necessary penance. I've done nothing, by many people's standards, too bad but to me it's crushing and I feel like I can't take an emotional breath amidst my grief and guilt. I was in a relationship with a really very nice, selfless, innocent and caring young lady that I had been friends with since school and we caused each other a great deal of emotional trauma. But I can't forgive myself, she's told me I can feel free of any guilt and that there's nothing to forgive but I can't accept it. 

This is only one example, I'm carrying everything with me and I don't know how to put any of it down. I'm experiencing total breakdown's every other night and the pain's getting unbearable. This coupled with a loss of any purpose and a job I don't want any more is causing me to have a hard time justifying sticking around. My friends say the good I do in people's lives is substantial and I thank them for all their kind words and thoughts, it's very fulfilling to see others happy about their lives being more manageable and closer to their dreams, but what have I got for myself? 


I feel like there are a lot of flaws in my thinking and that I'm missing a trick somewhere and there's certainly something I can do to help myself here but, I don't know what that is. 

The breakdown's aren't stopping and I'm struggling to find meaningful purpose for myself. I keep thinking I'm just waiting for death now and longing for my time to be up, but I can't help but feel I'm really looking for peace, how long before I can be at peace again? Not in such pain all the time and feel like I have purpose. 


I don't think I'm in danger but I also know that I'm not stable and suicidal thoughts are becoming a regular thing. 


Any advice would be greatly appreciated. 