Life is sufferingAll I can think about is how there is no meaning to my life and every activity is just a way to waste time til my death. I fulfill my goals and get no satisfaction, only suffering and turmoil during the completion of them. I avidly research anxiety/depression/mental health and feel I have tried virtually everything there is too offer at this point in time. I would estimate that I have spent at least 30 hours each month researching these things for the past 4 years. I have seen psychiatrists, tried medicine, meditation, CBT, supplements, adaptogens, exercise, change of lifestyle, therapy, and a million more I can't recall. I have even gone so far as to try psychedelic drugs in a safe environment with one of my closest friends in an effort to change my brain. I feel that functionally I am what is called successful but mentally I would rather be dead. My externals seem to effect me in almost no way at all no matter how much they would to a normal person. I have felt like this for the greater part of 4 years. Existence feels empty and fake to me. I would describe it as feeling like I am living in a world of robots emulating people. I have always had thoughts of suicide but recently I can't seem to shake these thoughts. I've expressed this with a close friend and my parents. Both were surprised to hear me say that I would rather be dead and experiencing nothing then going on with the life I have. I feel a lot of guilt because on paper my life is very good. My parents are very supportive, I am a senior engineering student who is generally top of the class with a few job offers even lined up, I run a successful business, I have a lot of friends, I have a few hobbies that I am good at. None of these things give me joy, only anxiety and stress. I feel that life is ultimately about making meaning but I feel too much pain and anxiety to go about trying to make meaning. I grew up religious but as a result of years of thinking and researching other religions believe that religion is ultimately just a way for society to morph people's thoughts. For this reason, I have very little hope in anything beyond this world. I come to the conclusion that if I am not enjoying anything and instead feeling suffering where others feel joy, feel I cannot create meaning in this world, and feel that there is nothing beyond this world that there is nothing left but suicide. I feel like the only thing holding me back is the pain I would cause others. I wish often that I would just get in a car accident or be the victim of a random shooting or really anything that would end my life without me causing it. I think this makes me feel guilty as well because even if I were to die this way it would still cause pain to my loved ones. When I have time to myself I often find that there is really nothing I want to be doing. I normally just end up distracting myself. In fact I feel my whole life is just me distracting myself. I am at the end of my rope and feel that I need to reach out to a community that deals with this. I appreciate that there is a place like this for me to post to, but at the same time feel that the fact that this place exists mean that there are others like myself that cannot find an answer. I hope that this text isn't too jumbled as I feel like I am on the verge of a panic attack at the moment and my head is not thinking very straight. 