*TW* Lockdown is destroying my mental health, but at least its keeping me out of the hospitalI'm in quarantine with my boyfriend's family, who I live with. It's taken its toll on me. I've been struggling with severe depression for 8 years now, along with some other things, and this past year I've made huge strides. I was eating by myself, and actually managed to keep a job for 6 months. That is, until Covid19 caused me to lose my job and I've had to stay at home 24/7.

These past few weeks I've started self harming again, I have no will to eat, and Ive been getting recurring flashbacks and nightmares. Too much time with my thoughts. I can't stop thinking about dying. Even when it's not a plan, I keep getting these random images and urges to stab myself or throw myself off of tall things out of the blue. My BF's mom just bought two guns because she is paranoid about civil unrest, and neither are locked up, I feel so guilty for thinking about them as often as I do because they are right there, it would be so easy to sneak one outside with me. And it doesn't help that my boyfriends father is a narcissist who finds ways to harrass me despite my best efforts to avoid him. My boyfriend has even admitted that if it weren't for covid19, he would have 5150ed me a week ago.

His parents are two at-risk seniors, who aren't willing to take any risk of getting contaminated. Which they are totally justified in doing, as it is THEIR house I am living in. So if I were to be hospitalized, I would not be welcome back until I self quarantine for at least 14 days. And because I don't have money, because I don't have a job, I don't have a safe place to stay in the interim, let alone the money to pay for the hospitalization anyways, hence why my boyfriend and I are living with his parents in the first place. Not that I want to go-  I know 72 hour hospitalization is not pleasant or helpful. But I cannot even see my therapist right now.

I feel so hopeless. Especially when they're talking about social distancing going on for a year or more. I need to get out of here, but it feels like all but one of my avenues have been closed.

I'm not sure if this is the place to post this, but fuck I needed to rant.