How can I learn to forget?Hi guys, I don't post much, I just felt like I need/wanted some advice, because I am somewhat lost, I don't think it's nearly as serious as some other cases here, but it's getting worse.

&amp;#x200B;

So my predicament is that I, well, fell in love with one of my closest friends, and you guys might've heard this several times over, but they aren't interested in a romantic relationship at all.  


This would be fine if it ended at that, but there hasn't been a day that I go without thinking about her. She's one of the smartest, competent person I know. We share many common interests and have some of the more fun conversations I've had in my life. She's one of the three people I know that I can have a deep conversation with and challenge my views while staying fair about it.

&amp;#x200B;

I've had some of the greater times of my recent life when we got really close around 5-6 months ago, but it has only drifted off since then, and only day by day, I yearn for that same time of connection again, only more and more is she growing away from me, and now we don't talk about anything fun anymore. Every conversation turned into "what was your work" or something else arbitrary.  


But here, is where I am lost. My depression, my fault in life right now, is a curse trapping me between talking with a shell of a person I once knew or turtle-ing up to put myself into something even more dark. And now that she's moved across the country, it only adds another psychological element to my sin.

&amp;#x200B;

I don't want to go directly to her and tell her I am depressed and it's her fault, that's just shitty for me. I have honestly no clue, what to do now. Every day is getting darker and darker. Sometimes, I wish for some miracle to happen and to revitalize what once was. It gets so unbearable sometimes, yet I can't cry. It won't let me.  


I just wanted to say Help, I wanted to say it for so long. How can I learn to not rely on someone else's company. How can I learn to forget?