Not suicidal, but scared senseless and feeling utterly lost.I initiated losing my last single friend to a serious relationship. I have never felt lonelier and more scared.

I have issues, I clearly do. I'm 35, a former fattie, and mentally still incapable of any form of flirting. Never having had anything even resembling a relationship I have always relied on friends to spend time with. This might be hard to understand for normal people but I have been at peace with this for many years now. My life has been stable, I have had loads of fun, a nice career, just no relationship.

Earlier today I convinced my last single friend to give a great girl a fair chance because I am convinced she might be just what he needs. Tonight he will finally make a move and I know they have a more than fair chance of hitting it off. I can really see them moving in together in only a few weeks or months.

While I am keeping my fingers crossed for them, that would also mean all my friends would be married or in a serious relationship. Great for them, but I have never felt so sad, lonely and scared. I have 'lost' friend after friend these last few years to serious relationships. I respect that people move on, they get married, have kids etc. But I can't .. I am at point 0 in relationships. I just don't know how to do it.

I am no longer fat, I do well financially and my friends still all seem to like me, even if we rarely get to hang out often anymore, but I just don't seem to attract any interest from women. Sometimes I meet a girl (through mutual friends) and I know nothing will ever happen, I am always the instant-just-a-friend.

I am also no longer good at making friends. In school, college and my early professional years I made new friends. We had things in common. Now in my career I am at a level where most people are a generation older, I have nothing in common with them outside of work. I haven't made a new real friend in at least 7 years.

The classic advice I always get is get out more, go meet new people .. but I never have outside of college/work/mutual friends. I have issues, I wish I could just join clubs, fake intrest, but I fail at this. I have only ever liked a very limited number of people .. and now my last always-available friend is on the road to 'a this-might-work relationship' and it scares me senseless. We still have one awesome holiday planned together but after that I'm afraid it's all over.

Does this sound familiar to anyone? Did some sort of therapy work? How the hell do I fix this. I have never been so depressed or scared.