My best friend is killing meI don't know what to do. I really am at my lowest. I'm posting to fucking suicide watch. Spilling myself to some fucking strangers. But what should I do? The person who I love most in the world is the one that's taking my life. At least some wanker might get entertained from this. Alright, you want to know what led me to this. You ask, and I shall please, as fucking always. I'm done being nice. Okay, so my destructive relationship with my best friend started like this. Lets call her Sarah, because why not? Sarah is a pretty name. Anyways, I met "Sarah" this summer on tinder. It was amazing. And horrible. After like five days of talking to each other from morning to night we uttered the magic words. Yes yes, I know I said this was about my best friend. It is. But we started in an other way. So yeah, after like five days we both said "I love you". It was insane. I was walking on sunshine. (Side note, we have been texting during the time I'm writing this, and now she asked if I'm mad. Of course I'm fucking mad.) Back to the story. So this girl has gone through so much, that's one of the things I love about her, she is so strong. I'm not gonna tell you, I don't know you, and I'm not gonna spill my best friends dark past. But say this, I bet you that you wouldn't survive what she has. I wouldn't. So because of her trauma she has a really hard time trusting people. And during these five days I can't even fucking remember how many times she pushed me away. She has said so many awful things to me. So so many. But I forgave her, because I knew that she probably had PTSD or something (she didn't have any official diagnoses at the time). I could at least feel that she didn't mean it. I also assumed she was bipolar or something, because one day she'd say she loved me, and one day she hated me. And she did not keep that hate to herself. But the summer went on. I couldn't handle her outbursts, and she could not trust me. So we took a break from each other. I went overseas for work, and we started talking a bit. For the past few weeks we have really reconnected, we both love each other, but in a non romantic way. At least I love her, she says she loves me, but I can't really trust anything she says anymore. You might think that being friend zoned sucks, but it doesn't. Not when you are such deeply connected with someone. I love being friends with her. It's pretty much the same as before, but it's not as complicated. Except that now it is. During the summer she had a lot of anxiety attacks, but during the autumn they went away and she had been feeling great. But today she texted me and said that she almost got an anxiety attack. I tried to get a hold of her to help her calm down but of course she ignored me. I was worried to death. What if she fainted? What if she hit her head on the way down? Is she dead? No she wasn't. A few hours later she texted me that she was fine. I was of course relieved, but there was a thought that I couldn't get rid of, what if I'm the reason her anxiety attacks are back? Of course she texts me exactly that. She said that she isn't sure, but she thinks I'm the reason her anxiety attacks are back. She said a part of her didn't trust me at all. And that a part of her didn't even believe that I was overseas. She has a pattern. She pulls me close and makes me love her to the point where I would die for her, then she pushes me away. All the fucking time. Right now I'm feeling awful. She has gone to bed, and I'm trying to keep myself alive. And looking at my post now I see that it's a mess, but I don't have the energy to proofread and format it. I love her so so much. I can't live without her. But she can't live with me. That only leaves me with one option right? I'm hurting her just by being close to her. So I can't be close to her. I know what I need to do.