inevitability(tw self harm, rape, abuse)

I don't think anyone will notice or read this. But its all become too much. I apologize in advance for my whining and self pitying

I'm not sure why I'm still here. I don't understand why I have to be such a disgusting wretched thing. And I why I've consistently failed to end it. Maybe I was born like this, maybe it was the assorted trauma, who fucking knows.

When I was 8, I  attempted to strangle myself with electrical wiring. I still remember the brief moment of sudden panicked gasping and my body's involuntary thrashing. And just being a crumbled, crying heap afterwards.

I tried drinking bleach when I was 14. Again came the panic, the momentary scramble to live. I couldn't go through with it.

Overdosed on tylenol at 17. Again I failed. I just ended up in inpatient. Following that time I had a brief period of hope. That maybe despite how disgusting I was, there was some glimmer of a reason to stay. And I did try. Its been 2 years since then and I've been trying. But psychiatric help has been spotty or downright traumatizing for me and I've been left to deal with this on my own. And dbt workbooks can only do so much.

 Its very difficult to kill yourself. Even if you want to, building up the courage to do so, is almost an insurmountable task. The deep biological drive to live is stubborn, and all it results in is failed attempts spurred by panic. Your hands grappling at the cord, your body thrashing. If I was less lucky I could've ended up far worse.

But the urge to destroy myself is too strong. I can't help but desperately cut away at myself almost every night, with sudden terrifying urges to cause more permenant damage. Am I going to hit muscle this time? Or bone?

 With my BPD I'm spending most of the day cutting through my overwhelming, suffocating emotions, suicidal ideation and disassociating. I've managed to master myself enough so as to not hurt my accquaintances with my dysfunctional emotions. Only thats left me with a charasmatic facade and no actual connections. If I were to get close to someone the dysfunction would swing me back and forth between euphoria and deep suicidality, possiblity traumatizing someone I cared about too. 

My sexuality is a disgusting monster of its own. I don't even know my orientation. I feel like a failure of woman...my body is just  disgusting and unattractive. I obsessively and desperately go after the attentions of far older men to sexually degrade, beat hurt me. Stablity is untenable and I can only get off unless im broken in completely, or I crave being raped and beaten. Inside I want to be special and cherished by someone. I want to be safely intimate. But its not possible for me. I don't deserve it

In retrospect there has been some beautiful moments too.There was so much things to learn and be curious about in the world. Beautiful things to discover. Art. music. Knowledge. Forgive me for being pretenious. But these were ocasionally the things that calmed me. Inspired me.
And I'm going to mourn the me that could've been. She wanted to be a doctor. Write stories and make art. Connect and help people. Learn about and being in awe of every eccentricity the universe had to offer. I'm sorry I couldn't stick around for that.

I'm sorry for my family too. I deeply love them despite how much theyve damaged me. And I sorry I failed as a daughter. I'm sorry I couldn't hold on. I'm so sorry.

If not tonight, then tommorow. Or a week. Or a year. I know this is how I'm going to end up.

To anyone whose managed to make it through this long winded pathetic bullshit. Thank you. Thank you for seeing me.