My neighbour committed suicide and it's really messing with meAs the title says my neighbour hung herself yesterday morning. I wasn't even that close with her yet it is still hitting me pretty hard. She suffered from mental illness for years and unfortunately no one in the neighbourhood knew and to be honest, nobody was really a big fan of her. She wasn't a very nice person, she was a huge narcissist, she manipulated and used people and she never really got over her divorce that happened 20+ years ago.  

Anyways, I tried to commit suicide a few years ago and this incident is sparking flashbacks from that and I can't seem to stop ruminating on various thoughts related to that and this situation. My mom described to me in vivid detail exactly what happened (I really wish she would have spared those details) and visuals of both the scenario and my own suicide attempt keep flashing in my mind. I'm scared and I don't know what to do. 

I was home all day right across the street from her and I had no idea what was going on which chills me to the bone and makes me feel really awful. I feel horrible for her husband who came home and found her several hours deceased still hanging with the rope around her neck. I feel terrible for her kids. They had strained relationships with her and were fighting with her the day this happened. They are probably going to carry around the guilt for the rest of their lives. Her husband is more than likely going to be severely traumatized and live with PTSD and nightmares for the rest of his life. 

I feel really guilty cos my mom and I often made fun of her and ripped on her pretty hard. Fuck...if only we knew. I should have known though, I myself suffer from quite severe mental illness. I guess the lesson to be learned here is to be less of an asshole cos you never know what people are going through behind closed doors.

I want to move out of this neighbourhood now knowing the horrors that have happened right across the street plus the horrors from my own childhood that happened in this house. I don't think I'm ever going to be able to sleep soundly here again. 

Sorry for my rambling, I really needed to get this out. SW, has anything like this ever happened to you personally? If so, what have you done to cope? How long does it take for the shock and grief to wear off?