I've become comfortable with the feeling of the inevitable. Now I'm concerned.I haven't planned on posting anything on this, and this isn't something that I would normally do at all. This is all going to sound very rough. 

&amp;#x200B;

Ever since I was about 12 I had thoughts about suicide, I was severely depressed and it became the norm for me to think about it daily - although I never planned on acting on it, then. Through the years my periods of depression came and went, sometimes for a month and once or twice for a full year (2012, 2016). Do to the fact I would think about this so often, it had normalised it in my head - or only now do I realised I normalised it. The past few months have been particularly bad for me. I've lost my job that I loved, have had to move out from my flat back to my parents and been diagnosed with ADHD. And I'm finding it really fucking difficult to find a job, or at least one that is as creatively fulfilling (I'm a designer). I've been processing a lot of things recently - and have been thinking about it a lot - not with any intention. It's now affecting me in my day-to-day - I find it really hard to find motivation because at the back of my head I feel like thats where it could end up, its inevitable, its been staring at me running through my mind for all these years and I just never acknowledged it so.   


Ontop of that, something changed last night. I had been thinking about it alot before I go sleep, I cant seem to help it it just happens. I have always processed it alot, but not with any intention. Last night when I was lying in bed, it was like a wave or something and I dont know what happened but all of a sudden I became completely comfortable with it. Like, 100%.   


I don't plan on acting on it, but I'm finding it really hard to shift this 'inevitability' from front of mind. And **that** scares me.   


Does any one else get this, lifetime bombardment of thoughts and fear of in the inevitable? Is this fucking normal?   


Sorry if this is all muddled up and disjointed - I'm literally throwing it all down as it comes to my head. Peace