I don't understand how this is my lifeI don't know why I'm posting here. I feel so ashamed that I'm posting here. I don't want to die. But I don't want to live.

I feel like I've never really gotten my life off the ground. I'm 31. I'm smart, talented, educated, creative. People love my artwork and I've built a following around it. Whenever an opportunity comes, I get scared and say no. Or maybe it's not the right opportunity. I don't know. I feel like I can't make any decisions. I feel like my life should be DRASTICALLY different. 

This might sound sad, but I've never fully had sex with a man. I had a boyfriend years ago and we did things, but we never went all the way (I wanted to, he didn't for some reason I still don't get). I want to know what that feels like. That is one of the things that's keeping me going, but eventually I don't know if that's going to be enough. And writing that sentence makes me want to break down in tears. I don't want to go.

I've been living at my toxic parents' house for almost 3 years. Boomeranging, actually. Right now I've got $40 to my name with crazy credit card debt (they're almost at the point of being charged off) and no real income to speak of. I feel like I'm always running with no direction.

I don't know why, but I can't give up my dream of being a famous and successful creative. When people tell me maybe I should just get a job until the art stuff works out, I feel so resistant because I feel like there is SOME way I can make the art thing work NOW. Something tells me I can. But I don't know if I have the grit to do it, especially with the exhaustion I'm going through right now. I've been so indecisive for years. Believing in myself is the hardest thing.

I know that life is out there for me, but I look around at my life right now, living with my shitty parents which I know is totally on me, making no money, and I can't help but wonder what the fuck I'm doing. I know I'm strong, but I've been in incredible pain for months now. I'm gaining weight really quickly probably because of a medical condition I don't have the money to go get diagnosed. I'm sure it's been exacerbated by stress.

My parents have offered to pay my bills if I go to therapy. It's tempting, but I feel like my life will be COMPLETELY theirs if I do.

God I hate to hear myself complaining. I KNOW I AM SO MUCH BETTER THAN THIS BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO. Sometimes I go to the library with a bag packed and swear that I'm going to sell some art online that day so I can find a place to stay that night and then figure out the rest later, but I never do. I give up so easily. It's hard to eat. I sleep about 5 hours a night (I guess that's better than nothing). When I'm out of my parents' house I feel so much better.

I don't know. I'm sorry for this vomit. No one else knows that I'm going through this. Sometimes if I push hard enough I can get back to positivity, but it feels like pushing a 5000 ton boulder up a hill.

I feel so pathetic. This isn't me, but I don't know how to find myself again. I feel like eventually I'm going to end up in the hospital with some condition, homeless, or just end it. But part of me feels ridiculous writing that sentence, like she knows it's not the truth.