Lonely and AwkwardIm a 17 year old guy, this summer was a horror I went to the ER twice for SI (suicidal intentions) and i attended two programs "to help." The first one i was in for two weeks and it was horrible one of the other patients said he was gang member and there were almost a fight where he almost hit a girl. It was so scary the second program was so nice and it gave me hope, everyone there was so nice to me, and i met a girl that ill never forget. But of course i was too scared and nervous to ask her for her number, its been close to 2 months since the last time i say and i cant get her out of my head. Plus im back at the hellhole that is my high school, an all boys school that crushes my spirit, they make us shave and wear black socks, and god forbid we dont follow the rules because if we dont follow them, an hour to an hour and a half of standing. Im in a worse situation because over the summer i got a tattoo, one that im happy with, but since its extremely visible (forearm) i have to wear the winter uniform (long sleeve white shirt, tie and senior cardigan) and it makes me sweat. The guys at the school already make fun of me because i never had a girlfriend and call me a loser, maybe theyre right, i havent even talked to a girl in FOUR YEARS, FOUR!!!YEARS!!! Now i have to deal with the jokes about my weight (the uniform hugs my body shape, im chubby) and how much i sweat (i sweat so so so much from being nervous) Im a loser, im worthless, i havent made an impact in anyone's life, my best friend doesnt even make the time to hang out with me, after school all i do is go home. I dont have anyone, everyone thinks im weird because i dont have social media, i could but im scared they might make fun of my posts. I cant even look at a girl my age without wanting to throw up from so much fear, i wasted so much dam time on my depression and aniexty, my childhood is over, ive never been invited to a birthday party and much less a sweet 16. Im a nobody even if i died, i bet no one but my family would be there, im a loser with no friends  