Relative recently made an attemptDuring Thanksgiving I was told that one of my cousins (early twenties) had just been in the hospital after overdosing on a large amount of painkillers. But the people who pulled me aside to tell me about it all said that it was an drunken accident.  I did not believe them and so I messaged her about how I've struggled with depression and I'm here if they need anyone to talk to.  I also said that I saw a doctor and therapist in college and found an antidepressant that's helped me out and that if they wanted to find someone to talk to or had any questions that I could help.

They responded and didn't really confirm that it was a suicide attempt but didn't deny the implication either, and said that it meant a lot to them and that they had been considering talking to a doctor and maybe trying medication again, and that they would message me if they want help with anything.

Is there anything else I should say/do? We are not very close, my family usually only sees and talks to each other at holiday gatherings.  So I feel like if I start texting her then she will feel like I am trying to keep an eye on her and be annoyed. 

Also, I am confused about the situation because the rest of my relatives tried to tell me it was an accident, but I am not sure if they actually believe that. Her father didn't seem to act any different, and asked me to drive my cousin to her apartment afterward which I found odd because I would think that if he knew she was suicidal then he would have wanted to have more time to talk to her and make sure she was okay and got home alright. Or would have wanted her to stay with relatives or something so that she wasn't alone. I am unsure if I should talk to them and let them know that I think it was a suicide attempt, or if they already know and are trying to hide it?

If anyone has any advice please post. I don't really have any experience in this situation.  I read the talking tips and assessment guide on the right, but since we aren't close I'm unsure if trying to talk to her more would be good or not.