I'm pregnant and in a dark place.Hey all.  I'm in quite the predicament here, and I'm not even sure if I'm posting this in the right place. I wanted to post to r/relationships, but I want to stress that most of the conflict I'm having is taking place inside my own head.  I'll give you all some background:
I'm 24/F. I graduated from a state university in May with a degree in business management, although I'm currently unemployed.  I had some mild depression/anxiety issues when I was a teenager that had mostly subsided at some point during college. I've been with my boyfriend (20/M) for a mere 2 months.
Last week when my period failed to show up after years of being 100% regular I decided it would be a good idea to pee on a stick. Well. I was still in the middle of pissing when the little blue plus sign appeared. I panicked and immediately opened the second package and peed on that one too. Positive. I shouted out from the bathroom to my boyfriend who was anxiously waiting on standby that, yes, I was pregnant. He wasn't upset. I could read happiness and excitement in his face, although I knew he was trying to hide it. He held me as I started crying, saying I can't do this, that I didn't want to be a mother, that I wasn't going to keep it. That's when he took me by the shoulders and told me that he didn't want me to have an abortion. That he would look at me differently if I killed our child. He got on his knees and kissed my stomach. I love him so much and I realized in that moment, that I couldn't do that to him. I love him more than anything in the world, including myself, and in that moment I accepted that we would be a family. 
We went out and got prenatal vitamins and cocoa butter for inevitable stretch marks. I downloaded a pregnancy app on my phone. Saw images of what my little bambino looks like. I can't help but already feel affection towards it, even though at this point I know it has neither a brain nor a consciousness. My boyfriend already told his mom and several coworkers, even though I told him it wasn't a good idea as I still have a 25-30% chance of losing it. 
   That was the day before yesterday. 
Last night I had another panic attack. My boyfriend has only a year of college and he works as a bartender. We're poor AF.  I quit my job 2 weeks ago, a little over a week before I discovered I was pregnant. I'm behind on my rent (my landlord is pretty cool though). But the point is, I can barely afford my own life. There's absolutely no way I would be able to afford a baby without getting assistance from the state... Something I NEVER pictured myself doing as an independent, educated woman. Another thing I never saw for myself was being a single mom. While I don't see my boyfriend abandoning me any time soon, as I said before, I haven't known him very long. He promised a million times that he would never leave me, that he wouldn't allow his child to grow up in a broken home, or worse, a family that he didn't belong to (my boyfriend grew up in foster care and didn't have a great experience. So he has very strong opinions on this.) But all of this is easier said than done, I mean... Look at how many single moms are out there whose baby daddies promised the exact same thing. I personally know several. Its easy for him to give this lip service because in the future if he decides he wants something different for his life (e.g. not being a parent) he can walk away. I, on the other hand, cannot. I only have a small window of time to decide what I want, and right now, I'm stuck in the middle. I never wanted kids. The ONLY reason I ever felt like keeping it was because of my boyfriend.  Truthfully, I have been pro-choice up until the second I discovered I was pregnant. Now I'm not sure. It feels so wrong, and I have a deep, permeating fear that I will regret it (even though right now if i was given the option to not be pregnant, I would take it). 
Last night I told my boyfriend how I feel...All the things that I'd rather not put myself through... The turmoils of pregnancy, labor, and birth; the challenges of parenting; the amount of my personal time, my life, my body, and aspects of my personality that I would be sacrificing if we went through with this. I told him that I'm in a dark place, mentally, and that I am having frequent thoughts of suicide...I don't see a way out of this right now. At first he told me that I'm "just looking at it the wrong way." After discussing it thoroughly, he realized that I was seriously in a bad place mentally.  He agreed with me and supported my decision not to keep it. Verbally, anyways. I can see it clearly in his face and body language that this hurts him more than I initially realized. Even though he promises to love and support me through this, now he blames himself. He's become distant and withdrawn. I seriously don't know what to do, and I fear the worst for our relationship if I don't keep the baby. I feel as though he is my soulmate. My only options out of this feel like cutting off my left arm or my right leg. I want to die. Im so lost. 