I've no one to tell this toI really shouldn't be talking about suicidal thoughts to internet strangers, but recent events have left me no one to tell this stuff to. Temporarily, at least. 

I talked about this stuff to my mother, and she was more annoyed that i hadn't made much progress than anything else. 3 of my best friends, i had a big argument with them today, and the other 2 are studying mega hard for the university preparation exam. My brother has told me several times how he wishes i did kill myself, so that's a no go.

Anyone else, I'm not close enough with to tell them these things.

I feel like the amalgamation of every negative feeling i can think about. I don't have many friends and i pretty much can't make new ones because I'm super awkward, so i am lonely. I wish i had the lifes of my best friends, so i am jealous. I hate easily anyone that inconveniences me, so I am hateful and lazy. I regularly think about how could i end this swiftly, so i am sad. Whenever i get paid, i try to postpone my own death with "cool" material possesions, so I am greedy. I can't stop thinking about when i was happy several years ago, so I'm melancholic. I lie to my family to shield my friends from stuff they've done, so i am dishonest.

I am just... Honestly exhausted. Of thinking about people that used to be in my life who I drove away, or how i could have done things much better and i wouldn't be crying at 4 am looking at the picture of a person i haven't seen for years while my chest hurts, all because i miss them. Or missing my dad who died when i was 9, or how incredibly much I've inconvenienced my mom, or how my life, if not normal, could have been happy. 

I'm so done. Every day i try to think of a quick painless death, and every day i am too cowardly to carry it out. If when i was born i knew i would have been born lonely, hopping high schools, ugly, autistic, lacking in the control of my emotions, and knowing that thinking about a name for a second would wipe the smile off my face instantly, i would have preferred to not be born at all. 

I'm so sorry. I could have done things right, and maybe i could still talk to you. Maybe i wouldn't have caused as much pain, maybe i wouldn't have tried to kill myself in front of an entire high school. Maybe i would be happy.

I can't move on. It's been more than 4 years and any progress i may have done, I've undone at some point. I just want to either see them again, go back in  time or end this life. And 2 of those options are impossible.

I'm sorry. In every sense of the word, i am failure. I failed as a friend, as a partner, as a son, as a person, as a student. God, i can't do anything right. I just wish the one person i wanted to keep in my life stayed. But back then i was too dependent on them, so when they left, as a 13 yr old, i was... Devastated. It was worse than when my dad died. 

I wish i could make things up to them. I wish, i deeply wish my life would have taken a different direction. I wish you stayed, and i wouldn't be crying here ranting to strangers about stuff no one truly cares about. I wish i could forget. I hope you found much better friends than I ever was. You deserve them. I hope my life will either end or end differently than what it seems it's going to end like. 

I'm sorry for making anyone who read this pitiful ranting read all my frustrations. I tried to talk to a friend who's not as close, but she didn't have the mental space to hear about all of this. 

I miss them so, so much.