(Aspergers) I'm doomed to stand alone... I should go away because I'm evolutionarily unfit for the world we live in.(1) I am pretty sure I have Asperger's syndrome because I meet all the criteria, though I don't have an official diagnosis. Seeing my psychiatrist (who I currently see for ADD) in three weeks to discuss Aspergers but that's still three weeks off.

(2) I am straight as an arrow, love girls. But girls don't like me. It makes no sense physically as I'm a good looking guy in my upper 20s, was a college Division 1 athlete in an Olympic sport, still stay in very good shape. I just can't make any mental connections with them whatsoever. I can't do small talk... I have no "GAME" whatsoever. I'm like a computer that came out of the factory without having all the required "GAME" drivers installed or something. I am told women care much more about the emotional connections than being physically attractive, which makes sense to me since I can't do the emotional side at all. I'm an INTJ personality and very, very flat. Oh, and I'm a 27 year old virgin because I'm not lying... women are repelled by me. I must be insufferable. 
Also, the only girl I've ever met who I really thought I had a connection with just came out to me an hour ago. Turns out her best friend is actually her GIRLFRIEND and she's always liked girls. ... So much for me having a connection with her! She definitely fooled me. I don't know if I really thought I had a chance with this girl as she's younger and in a different place in life than I am anyway, but I thought that AT LEAST getting to know her and how she functioned would help me find a similar girl closer to my age and all. Well, so much for that! I'm as lost as ever.

(3) Everyone I've ever met (except for my mom) either ignores me because they don't understand me (or because I annoy or intimidate them), or they actively hate me and will go so far as to band together to take me down. I'm very good at what I do for a living as an individual person, but I have no ability to make my way in the world and advance myself through social connections and schmoozing with people. Rather, if someone or something is in my way I just have to go and basically declare war on them or it and blast my way through the obstacle. So, naturally after a while word gets around and I'm not a good guy anymore. It's not my fault that I can't play nice and make people feel good, I am just doing the best with the tools I'm given and why should I be blamed for that?

(4) If you've read this much... I apologize for the rambling, I'm very frustrated... you probably don't like me either. I'm an asshole and honestly the world at large would not miss me. Clearly my inabilities to have friends, a relationship, to get along and work with others... these are all traits VITAL to existing in our society. I don't have them. Why should I waste another 40 years of my life living in misery when I could just jump off a bridge and make the world a better place?

(5) The only thing holding me back is my mom who does care about me (she does not really understand how badly off I am although I am living at home with her again now and she can probably tell my mental state is slowly eroding throughout the months) and my three siblings who (although they won't care as much as my mom) would feel guilty if I jump off a bridge. What can I do to ensure that my mom and siblings will encounter minimal backlash so that they can continue to go on and live their lives? Or to ask that another way ... do I really have to go on living in a world that I am clearly unfit for for another 40 years just so that my mom and siblings don't have to take heat for letting me go? Because THAT SUCKS. Give me other options. Please.