I've done this to myselfNever had a reddit account before, I had no idea my first post would be something like this!

I'm 23 years old and I live in Melbourne, Australia. I have been on and off depressed for as long as I can remember, but I can't recall a period for longer than 3 months where I wasn't deeply unhappy on the inside. I am so afraid of failure that I can't bring myself to find work, even at a bar or retail. I don't have a great relationship with my parents and I am currently living in a single room above a low quality restaurant, just a bedroom and a bathroom.

I had this great boyfriend, we had normal issues with one another, but I started getting irrationally angry about little things, or making things up if I felt underappreciated. I said I wanted to break it off countless times, because I have been so unhappy and didn't know how else to ask for the affection that I needed. Now I have started doing this to my friends. The boyfriend and I did break up months ago, but we have been seeing each other. I couldn't kick the 'I don't want to see you anymore' habit and it must be a novelty to him by now. I'm such a sour person, I can't hold my tongue and I'm negetive because it's impossible to acknowledge there might be a reason or purpose or happy outcome to anything I do.

This whole uni holidays I have been sitting alone in my room, occasionally going out and meeting up with friends, but I always feel the same in the end. I really want someone to know that there is something really wrong with me, I want my ex to know that I have been so horrible to him because I don't know what to do anymore, but I can't tell anyone myself, and I feel that leaves me with only one option.

The thought of wasting a human life disturbs me greatly, I can't bring myself to do anything to make my perfectly healthy body fail, it seems cruel on an organic level. 
But every day feels like groundhog day. I wake up, sit at my computer, then go to sleep at the end of the day. I feel like surviving a suicide attempt might alert those around me to my suffering, it might give me another chance with my ex, to not push him away, even though I have had a very long stream of chances. But this is not realistic, and the flaws in my personality that compell me to be a closed off, negetive bitch will follow me to new relationships all my life. I don't know what I would do after uni, I can't see myself succeeding at anything I try, and I have thought like that my whole life. 
There just isn't anything about me worth saving, I'm a money sink-hole for my parents and I'm sick of putting my self pity onto my friends. They just want to have a good time and I just want to not exist anymore. I have a very strong urge to give my things away just to make someone notice without me having to say it. I CAN'T say it myself.

I've spent the last few days looking up how I might kill myself, which I have done many times before, but I am afraid things will just go on the way they are unless I man up and actually do it. I have and will always create scapegoat problems in my relationships, and clearly the signals that I need help and care just aren't getting across. I don't want to talk to a professional, the things I'd have to do to recover are too difficult and scary, if I can't even text my ex saying 'I'm sorry, I need help' out of pride then what hope do I have for anything else?

I don't know why I'm really even posting this, I don't know what I expect to get out of it.