I can't take it...There are only two people in my life that make me want to end it: my mom and myself.

Let's start with my mom. Typical Asian mom. If I got an A in school, it was the usual "why no A+?" If I cry, "stop it, crying is for the weak!" My mom has always treated me with tough love. But all I've ever wanted was a shoulder to cry on, not someone to scream at me when I'm at my lowest. I'm sure you can get the picture.

Now me. I'm your average, depressed, obese, self-hating, self-harming, unemployed 27 year old with no guidance and no hint of a clue. I know a lot of people see a simple solution for me: exercise to lose the weight and try hard to find a job. 

I exercise, admittedly not as much as I should but I exercise. Also. I don't eat much. I know a lot of overweight people say that but I eat one, maybe two, small meals a day. I don't do this because I believe it will help with weight loss, but because I have absolutely no appetite, despite the way I look. And as for the job search, well it might go hand in hand. 

I lost my job last year because I had to call out a lot due to health issues. Because of that, I lost my health insurance and haven't been able to see a doctor. I applied for a position I am qualified for, am very familiar with and heard back within a few days that I was exactly what they were looking for, that my resume was beyond spectacular, and that they just wanted to meet me. Interview day comes around and I make myself look professional for the interview. I head to the location where I wait an extra 15 minutes past the scheduled time only to meet with the interviewer for less than a minute just to have her tell me that they didn't have any questions for me and would be in touch. An hour later I received an email stating that I wasn't "the right fit" for the position. Ouch.

Now I know a lot of you are wondering about my size. Well, I am obese though not extremely. I wear a size 16-18 in the US as I'm 5'5" and about 245 lbs. I know I'm not healthy but the plus side is I can easily fit through a doorway. 

Today:
Some days are worse than others. Today was a bad day for some reason. My mom (yes I still live with her, pathetic I know) caught wind that I was upset and insisted that it was because my boyfriend and I were fighting (we're not). I told her that my depression won today and I was just sad because of blah, blah, blah. She kept telling me that I shouldn't rely on guys for my happiness and that I need to try harder when it comes to losing weight, finding a job and being happy because I don't try at all. I mean, this is something she has told me before but it struck a nerve. Maybe she's right. Maybe I don't try hard enough. She kept telling me that the sadness was all in my head and that I could change it but I wouldn't because I wanted to be like this. That shattered me. When I was a younger, I used to make wishes and pray that I could be someone else. I **do not** want to be like this. I would give anything and I really mean anything to not have to struggle wih depression and suicidal thoughts. And if anyone thinks that I'm depressed because I want to be, well they're wrong. I tried to explain it to my mom, asking her to just listen when I talk, but she put up her hand and didn't want to hear it. I cried and she said, "Well what do you expect me to do?" All I said was, "Just listen to me, try to understand, and just be there to support me emotionally." She said "I'm done supporting you." And I don't blame her. 

I don't really know why I'm posting here. Probably because I feel so fucking alone and I just want to be heard. I'm just so tired of fighting with myself all the time and feeling like it will never end. I know suicide is never the answer, it's selfish, blah blah. But you know what I feel is selfish? Living just so certain people could have a clear conscious. "Do you have any idea the types of issues that will surface for others from you killing yourself? Don't you know how selfish you're being?" "I would feel really guilty if something happened to you."

I'm only alive because someone else wants me to. And if you feel guilty when I die, whose problem is that?