Getting kicked out of my houseI will break my long time lurking streak for the first and probably last time. Also excuse my moderately bad english since I'm mexican (and live there).

My mother wants to kick me out of my house. The jist of it is that a plastic bag which contained around 7000 mexican pesos (dont know how much that is in USD sorry) that she was going to spend in paying our house's rent, is missing, and she is blaming me for it since I was the last person to handle it, and I'm know to be very irresponsible, which I accept.

It probably got missing when she asked me to take some of it and put it back in its bag, but my sister and grandma were there when i took out the money and they claim I put it back in its place. She also very disorganized and kind of a hoarder so there is a chance she lost it in the mountains of plastic bags behind her door.

Either way she is mad and wants to kick us (not just me but also my pregnant sister, her son, husband and my grandmother) and is threatening to make us all pay for it. She claims we stole it, or that I accidentaly threw it in the garbage without noticing. The reason my sister's family for living with us is economical so they dont have any money to pay, and I dont have a job, I'm just 18 year old. My sister's family and grandma are with me and they think she accidentaly misplaced it, and that she is treating me unfairly but I they cant do anything about it.

So I'm just writing here to vent, I dont have any friends or anyone to move with except my aunt, and my only real skills are knowing english and being slightly tech savy. Basically I'm what you would call loser.

I dont know what else to say, but I'm surprised at how calm I'm taking things when I should probably be begging here to not kick us out. I wanted to attempt suicide, but who am i kidding im just a wimpy, coward, socially awkard, hikkikomori, neet loser that doesnt have the balls to take his own life. I will just have to suck it and maybe ask my aunt to give me a place for a while and find a job, but if I fail to do after 2 months, then I will surely kill myself. I hope. Haha.

Its 9 pm where I live and she often comes from work at 12 pm so I have only 4 more hours to read your replies. I already packed my clothes, documents and have an offline map of the city in my smartphone.

Well thats it wish me luck or dont. End of wall.

UPDATE: No actual update, its 11 pm now and nothing noteworthy has happened, but I may update this post later.

UPDATE: She found it. It was inside a wardrobe. Maybe it was me whI misplaced it or maybe it was her, it doesn't matter now. 

Its not all fun and rainbows though. There was a lot of name calling and even some physical altercation before she found the money. Things have not changed,she still wants us out but now we have more time to find a place and now she cant say we stole anything. This house is toxic, and this isn't the first time something like this happenned.

Anyway things are not looking as grim now, when I leave the house (which has to be soon) at least I won't have to pay her anything.

After all of this I think this post doesn't belong to this subreddit anymore.

