2020 Political Conversion is Killing Me 

Ever since I developed my mental illness which was brought into existence by my substance abuse, I have harassed, derided, and intimidated countless strangers and friends. Now that it is 2020, and it seems like it's the end of the world, I am examining myself. I am a sinner. I am not any deity or special person. But I am a closeted Trump supporter, but this fact DOES NOT make me a racist.   
I traveled to Japan in 1999 to experience the millennium on my sixteenth birthday.  It was then that I became obsessed with the internet and everything to do with gamer culture. These games I played made me feel more powerful than I ever would by just doing drugs. Combining drugs, alcohol, and video games has practically ruined my life.  
This is not a proper suicide note. I am not man enough to kill myself and have been goading everyone I know into trying to attack, kill, or maim me. I am trying to become depressed enough to end it all, but the closest I got was going blind for five seconds after being very briefly paralyzed from taking too many anti-psychotic drugs.  
Jesus Christ is Lord, and I am but a worthless wretch who had the audacity to think I understood all faiths and mythologies. I am no prophet. I am scum, but not the human kind.   
I am asexual and plan to be single for life. I want my life to mean something. Today is my tenth day sober and I feel strengthened.  
I can breathe again, without a CPAP machine, with all thanks given to our first respond-er who came to rescue me even when there was NOTHING at all wrong with me. I racked up an astronomical medical bill and caused countless headaches for my doctors, peers, family, and friends.   
I am desperately trying to find a way to get depressed enough to end my life, but I cannot overcome the happiness I feel from taking my medication and getting my Invega-sustenna shot (monthly.)  
I just want to say thank you to the store that let me buy alcohol over a thousand times (if not more).   
I know my family, acquaintances, and friends have been worried for me. But I can't go on any longer. If I am to continue on living, I want to earn every dollar myself, through my own blood, sweat, and tears. And in President Trump's America, there may be a snowballs chance in hell that I finally do get a job and stop being a parasite.  
I can wish. But I can't make miracles happen. It's true, I'm forsaken. Antifa can keep their guillotine ready for me. I stand for nothing, and do not deserve to live in this beautiful city.  
I was going to start a cannabis grow operation of my own, but I can't even identify seed from stem. Please delete my browser history if I succeed in leaving Earth for the Comet Neowise. I drank way too much of the Kool-aid and I'm not coming back, EVER.