[Vent] Don't read, I'm crazy.Love: I feel stupid because I think I am in love with a stranger on the Internet via a game. That person is of my age, but I have just heard their voice. It is just their voice and their personality that attracts me, not in a sexual way, but in an 'affective' way. I often fall in love and I each time I do, I feel like it is a sin, a crime, to fall in love. I almost always think of that person and I am afraid something bad will happen to me from that person. I try to retain myself from feeling in love, but I can't help it.
Trolls: Trolls on the Internet damage me so much. I feel stupid for thinking of them. Maybe it is because I am too kind and I never wanted to hurt anyone innocent. I rethink and rethink and rethink of the negative comments, posts, that my gender is wrong/bad, that my sexual orientation is wrong/bad and I should kill myself, that the amount of friends I have determine how retarded I am, WHY DO I HAVE TO SUFFER ALL OF THIS SHIT? HUH? I even feel like people around me hate me and are disgusted by my behavior. I am constantly scared I seem creepy or too close to people, but these are not my intentions.
Success: I feel like I WILL  NEVER SUCCEED AT SCHOOL. If a video of 3 million views says I am not intelligent and I believe it because when I try to get comfort to people irl they don't oppose to that video which means I am officially dumb stupid and a slug, that means I will not have a great job, I will choose the wrong abusive partner in life, I will get in traps, I... I used to be the greatest in all my classes... but not anymore... not anymore... these girls, who hate me, they are doing better than me, but I was better than them. They want me to suffer and they like to see me sad/mad. Why?
Judging people: I calculate my movements so that I wouldn't seem weird. I want to read books on body language to know how to not be creepy or seem stupid. I want to be intelligent... I was accepted in a great school, but, like people say irl and on the Internet, school is not about intelligence, no, it is totally not because of my intelligence that I was accepted, it was because of my 'efforts' and determination... I used to have determination... I don't have that hope anymore... it's gone. And these girls are sure happy to know I am desperate. AAAAAAAAHHHH, WHERE DID MY INTELLIGENCE GO?!?!L!?!!!
