A message of hopeThis is a message for you, for those who are still fighting, for this struggling to hold on, for those who needs to believe. I am going to share the stories of my own, and I know this will be helpful because I’ve been here before. 

I tend not to share to much with strangers, but I know you are brothers and sisters fighting the same war.

I grow up being rejected from most people, as friends and even with girls. Everything stoped when I stoped trying so hard, I was true to my self, and now I have a lot of friends. But yet still I felt like too much of a coward to ask any of my crush out, judging on my looks and experience. Every night is like a torture to me, I would...well seeing that we’re here...pretend to have a gf, and we all know how that goes. Any chance to a relationship to a girl I would grab on, but most of them ended up rushed and creeped out, I am not proud of that. I was devastated.

And then one day, I met a girl at this camp, it was only two days, so I guess I could pretend to be someone that I’m not, for some odd reason, I was one of the guys, if not the guy that has all the girls attention. I was funny, nice, and confident, I didn’t have anything to lose, and being at the wonderful camp, there’s zero time to think about how miserable I was. Anyways I was able to impress most of the girls, but there was thins one girl that I took particular notice. She was very nice, cute and probably the funniest girl I’ve met. So I asked for her number, and we talked after camp was over, funny enough, she asked me out (not dating) I agreed, though she lives on another island. Things escalated, and three days after I asked if she wanted to date me, and she said yes. 

She was everything to me. Everything. Though she’s really, really busy being a school model, swimming, band, and everything else, we still talked everyday, through FaceTime or just texting. And being the guy that was lonely for his entire life, I naturally put too much into her, too much to pull out. One day, and I mind you this is shortly after, she told me that she can no longer bare it anymore, she couldn’t see me because of the the time, the distance, and her parents. She said that she could bare not seeing me anymore, and that the pain is effecting her life too much. I was completely horror struck, that night was the worst night of my entire life, I’m pretty sure I was suffocating, it’s like there’s a expanding metal ball in my chest, I thought of killing myself. But I held on, because of a promise that I had with God, I told him that I would hold on because I know that I can trust him, that he answered my called when she came into my life. Still I struggled, we became just friends, and after a while things seems like it’s going to be bearable. Until one day I crossed the line and suggested to be together again. That was the biggest mistake of my life...she blocked me out completely.

It’s been a while now, for most of the time was pretty much normal, infancy better now that I don’t do desperately want a gf, but this whole quarantine business...and this video... let’s just say I was constantly reminded. But even though it was painful being lonely, it was nothing like being dumped, but at least it wasn’t constant. 

I sympathize with everyone here, none of you are creeps, I get how it feels to think that you’re going to die alone, and the thought of a gf is laughable. I don’t blame anyone to doing anything (just don’t hurt anyone). People say that we are losers, creep, and fucking scum of there world, but I know better...I know that we are soldiers, holding the fuck on. Those people had it easy, they was born with “courage”, but let me tell you what true bravery is, it is the very thing that dances with hope, it’s is the core of your existence, it’s is the very reason you are here today. You held on, you’ve won every night, alone, by your self. It’s fucking overwhelming, but you held on like a man. Sure, you cried, but isn’t that what makes us human? Isn’t that the very thing that streams through your vain? The very essence that powers, fuses and the very thing that gives you strength? DO YOU NOT REALIZE THAT YOURE A SOLDIER!? You’ve won the battle that killed our brother and sister, the ones who gave into the fear, so won’t you fight for them? Won’t you fight for your future? WONT YOU FIGHT, FOR HER? Because i know she there, even though you don’t. I’ve been though it all, and it is not with sheer luck that I had a gf, it’s is because I held on long enough for me to find her. You never ever know who she is and when she will come. It is no matter if if, it’s is, and I repeat, a matter of WHEN. 

So for those of you who had the heart and soul to read all of this, congratulations, because this is the manual to get a gf. Hold one, be true, and mean while, enjoy life, because you’ll only have it once. Work on your self, for her, do everything in your power to make sure that when she appears, you will be there, wrong as eve you can be. Because one day she will come, oh yes, she fuckkng will, because you’ve won the battle. 

There will be those who are not your final partner, but merely armor that requires you to kill the bosses. They will hurt, oh yes beyond anything you’ve ever felt, but just like always, you will hold on, because you believed. And when you see her, you will know, that all is won.