Am I The Asshole for telling my girlfriend to suicide when she's using it as a weapon to get what she wants?I'm only 20 years old and overtime I'm becoming more guilty and regretful of my cold reactions. every time me and my girlfriend will get into an argument, especially if it's over insecurities about a female colleague I'm working with, she'll tell me to cut off any friendship with that person otherwise she'll kill herself. My immediate reaction was "that's disgusting, don't you dare use that as a joke or weapon, if by any chance you aren't joking, i'd rather you kill yourself than using it as a weapon to guilt trip people around you"

Some months later, the suicide threats become worse, every little / petty argument you could think of, somehow finishes with my girlfriend threatening to kill herself because she did not get her way or we differ in perspectives.

She has told me we are allowed to differ in perspectives, yet every time we do, she'll not let me talk because she deems that my perspective is wrong and not worthy of listening to, and if by any chance she listens to the nonsense that comes out of my month, she'll use suicide as a way to guilt trip and or get what she wants.

she's also threatened to suicide then blocked me and gave the silent treatment, I had spammed her with 200+ texts and calls, seeing If she's okay, only to find out the next day that she was fine all along, and that she was just browsing YouTube and didn't feel like talking.

Recently I have told her that if she continues with the suicide threats and the silent treatments, I'll have no choice but to expose the things she says to her friends and family, I started off by telling her close friends to keep an eye out on her and see if she's okay, later on while being blocked again, I messaged her brother and asked him to keep an eye on her too. she has told me I've betrayed her trust and exposed parts of her that she did not want exposed.

Should I be giving sympathetic and kind, encouraging words to someone who uses suicide as a weapon?

Am I the asshole here?..

\---

TL;DR My girlfriend threatens suicide when she doesn't get her way, So I tell her it's better to suicide rather than guilt tripping people around you.