Hurtful suicide note?My family has caused me a special amount of pain and are really the reason that I'm ready to die. I was wondering if anyone had some ideas what I could put in my suicide note \(it's already basically an essay, so this needs to be a new section\) aside from individual comments that could especially make them feel bad. I know it's petty, but knowing I'll get some kind of revenge helps me feel decent about myself for a change.

Backstory: High functioning autist taken out of school so as not to be put in a mental disability oriented thing. Never had a real friend after that until college. I lost almost all my friends over a girl \(never trust anyone\), and the only one left was a sociopath who I accidentally helped into a relationship and subsequently abandoned me as well. My last year I had nobody, so I just sat in my room all day alone. That either made me insanely vulnerable or broke down my barriers so I could see reality. I discovered that being trans was a thing and started getting everything I needed to transition. Long story short my parents aren't accepting and they blame all of my problems I've had all my life on being trans and insist I'm a mentally ill man. Additionally, I'm literally making things up to support my the trans narrative. None of you care about trans stuff, that's all about it. I have to get daily lectures and can't move out because I don't have enough money to put a down payment on an apartment. There isn't anyone I could move in with in the mean time unless I travel across the country to somebody I've never met irl. Now they've even stopped me being able to use reddit in front of them so I have to sneak around to talk to my only "friends" who are online. Every day I thinking I'm going more insane and losing touch with anyone's idea of what reality is.

Tonight I seriously thought about killing myself as I have every day since I moved back in \(again, too poor for an apartment\). &gt;!I have my plan ready.!&lt; I'm ready to go, I just need a bit of advice how to make my parents pay for making me cry and think I'm crazy for the last month of my life.