I miss you little bro.I never thought in a million years I’d lose a loved one to suicide. The day I found you slumped in our backyard woods haunt me day and night. How can someone so gentle and kind who loved life and wouldn’t hurt a soul be the one to end their own lives. Everytime I think of you tears begin to fall down my eyes. My baby brother I’m deeply sorry that big brother couldn’t save you and for that I’ll always live with the guilt that I could’ve done more. I know it’s not my fault but I can’t seem to convince myself. It felt unreal seeing you at the funeral home. I sobbed and mourned unable to keep the hurt inside when I seen and touch your cold body. I ask you to please wake up if this was a joke because my mind couldn’t accept that you were really gone.

I can’t explain the pain I felt it was different from any other ones I’d felt. I remember your bright and beautiful smile like it was yesterday, but when I see you in your casket cold and lifeless my soul shattered and I begin to weep. I caress your body from head to toe feeling utter helplessness and hopelessness wishing this was all just a bad dream. I miss you terribly and I’m so lonely. The world seems to have simply moved on and here I am stuck and frozen still confused as to why you did what you did. The day you decided you were going to end your life you told me you loved me and I didn’t know why. I sensed something was wrong but couldn’t put my finger on it. Now I know why and I’m deeply saddened that I didn’t say it back cause it was the last time I’ll ever get to see you again. My baby brother the pain hurts and I wanna make it go away. I can’t let go and I don’t know how to. I wanna see you again and tell you that I love you, but it’s too late your gone. All I have left are regrets and guilt, shame and pain. 

The day has finally come it’s time to close the casket and say our last goodbye. The tears won’t stop falling and I’m unwilling to let you go. Desperate and wishful thinking I pray that somehow you’d wake up and say this was all just a prank. We closed your casket and my body started trembling. I and others help load your casket onto the black car and it was here that it started to really sink in, you’re really dead and this is it! Here we are at the cemetery preparing you your departure guiding you to your destination in the afterlife and taking one last good look before your lowered down and covered in dirt! The unbearable pain and ache in my heart if only you can feel it, the lonely desperate tears if only you can see it, and the cries and howls of my loss speak my love for you. I held your hand, kissed you on your forehead, and  said my farewells one last time before they take you away. As we pour the dirt and throw flowers over your coffin I’m dazed and lost in time. No words or tears will explain the heart wrenching pain I felt that day. Everything seems so unreal. My mind couldn’t process your death and I can’t seem to make it all go away.

It’s been 4 years since you took your life. Not a day goes by I don’t think of your funny personality and beautiful smile that lit up everyone mood. I keep asking why and still wonder if you’ll come back knocking on the door. I go to the place where I found you and sat down thinking about what you were thinking before you decided to end it and mourn the lost all over again. When no ones home to hear me I cry for you, when I’m in the shower I silently cry for you, and when I dream about you I hold it tight and cherish it while tears are streaming down my face when I awake. I’m deeply sorry and wounded badly. I’m sorry that I couldn’t see it, I’m sorry that I couldn’t protect you, and I’m sorry big brother let you down. This is all to much and I’m tired. I want to close my eyes and drift away.  

Goodbye my baby brother pengchoua xiong, goodbye! You were so full of life, but the darkness consumed you and you finally let it go. Only 20 years old and a life still ahead, but you chose to go. I ain’t mad and I understand because you went through too much bullshit and others treated you like you weren’t a human being so for that I wish wherever you may be at that your in peace and not hurting anymore. Though I’m dying and torn to pieces I forgive you and hope that if heaven is for real I’d love to have the chance to see your beautiful face once again because I miss you terribly! It’s very painful bro I’d never imagine that I’d come visit my little baby brother at the cemetery instead of countries apart. Thank you for being part of my life and thank you for being my brother until then take care we will meet when my time is up. Rip pengchoua xiong!