Copy-pasting something I posted earlier. This place feels more appropriate to vent.Death has been constantly on my mind recently. After going through most of last year equally, if not more depressed than now, I tricked myself into thinking I was OK. But nothing's really changed. I've just failed yet another semester of courses, my room is still disgusting, I still waste my parents' money, time, and space, and I still feel a constant guilt for being alive, like I've overstayed my welcome. I still don't invest in life, since all I've gotten from it is failure. I don't have any passions or any dreams. Any potential I had has been pissed away. Trying things is redundant and unrewarding. I know this makes me a selfish coward, but I would do more if there was a way for me to do anything worthwhile. I used to volunteer a lot, and I guess I made myself useful, but that just fell apart I grew more and more detached from everything. I feel like I've become more trouble than I'm worth.


People have suggested therapy, medication, and all that, but where the hell will that take me? I spent several months on anti-depressants, and I was just as useless then as I am now. It again feels like it's more trouble than it's worth. In any case, I've accepted that joy is no longer a possibility for me, since reaching for anything more than the daily grind of bullshit is honestly a waste of time. People say "You're only 18, you're just starting out, you can't give up yet," but honestly, if it's only taken this long and this little to break me, how could I handle anything real and truly challenging?


I've more or less stopped caring, and resorted to damage control, minimizing my negative impact on those around me, since I'm unable to directly contribute anything worthwhile. I spend most of my time isolated, and I've alienated most of my family and friends. I just torture myself in my own head, and it's as pointless as it sounds. My closest friends are moving on with their lives, and interaction with my family has boiled down to the occasional "serious talk" that gets nowhere. I kind of just want everyone to move on, so my leaving won't hurt anybody.


I feel like I'm going through life the same way you get through a shitty movie -- paying attention every once in a while for the odd chance that things could get good, though I know there's nothing redeeming about it.


I made a half-hearted attempt to end it about 10 months ago, and I've been thinking about it again. There's a highway bridge that I cross on the way to school, and every time I cross it the thought of throwing myself off it becomes more tempting. I'm obviously scared of hurting of family, but the selfish part of me is almost as scared of the possibility that I'd survive. I'd have to answer to everyone why I tried to take their son, their brother, their friend away. Who would trust me after that? It would be more of the same and then some.

I'm just tired of feeling pointless all the time, like some tumor. More than anything, I want a reason to get up in the morning, some outlet where I can start giving rather than taking. Something that makes me feel something other than empty, joyless, and ineffectual.