I hate my girlfriend, love her too much to leave, and hate myself because of it.My god, how did things become such a fucking mess?


We have a lot of history, going back a couple years. We didn't talk for a long time and then back in may matched on tinder. Our relationship sprung up from there.


Right off the bat, she tells me she has a marriage pact with this male friend of hers, who has always pined for her. Obviously not cool with me. The solution we come up with is for her to end the marriage pact and me to come meet this dude and have a few drinks and make friends.


The night consisted of him extremely overtly flirting with her and ended in him yelling at me that he will "put a ring on that finger if it's the last thing he does", calling me a "little bitch" and punching a wall until his hands bled, just above my head.


And she refuses or is incapable of removing the rose colored glasses when it comes to him. Within a month, they are friends again.


What makes matters worse, is that literally the only thing they do together is get wasted. So my girlfriend goes and gets fucked up with this dude most weekends and I am literally never invited (because look how it went last time).


Fucking. Great. I havent even scratched the surface with how deep that issue went between us. we fought about it for 6 months on and off.


Why didn't I dump her right away? When I wasn't in over my head... when I still knew life without her. Why didn't I dump her the many times i promised myself I would?


Now, a few weeks ago, we are 9 months into this relationship, most of which has been spent fighting about this fucking guy, who for some reason means more to her than anything in the god damn world. I am playing some GTA V while talking to her on the phone. Here's how the conversation went;


Her: "what's up babe?"  
Me: "not much, just playing some GTA, what about you"  
H: ...  
M: what?  
H: Doesn't that have like, nudity in it?  
M: Yes?  
H: soo, why are you playing it?  
The conversation went from there. I told her that GTA was just a video game, but even if it wasn't, I do watch online porn from time to time.


And now for fucking 4 weeks I have been constantly strung out and guilted about it. She thinks I have literally cheated on her. So fucking ironic that she thinks online porn isn't okay and she can insist not to be with me if I watch it and yet going and getting fucked with this guy every week is fine (did I mention they have kissed multiple times before I dated her?).


And the worst of it all is that I love her too much to do anything about it. Do I want to be with her? Fuck no. But also yes, more than anything in the world.


There arent even any good times to look back on, and yet I am letting her completely destroy me inside and I don't see myself doing jack shit about it.


I should have known. She broke my heart back in high school too. Fuck, has this ever been a terrible decision
Fuck life.


I honestly hate myself for letting someone make me feel like this but I am too weak to leave.