My life sucks and I'm tired of fightingI'm 28 and have led a pretty dismal life. My brother beat the shit out of me when I was younger, literally gave me black eyes,  knocked a tooth out, would threaten my life regularly and  was sexually inappropriate with me when I was younger. My sister attempted suicide a few times when I was a kid because my parent's were neglectful and mean and often left us to our devices. They never really showed any interest in us and I often wondered why they had kids. My mum is an alcoholic and would just come home and drink, and after a few  would get fairly nasty. My sister couldn't cope with the dysfunction and turned to drugs pretty early on.  When I was 14, I decided I couldn't cope with the chaos and tried to kill myself via overdose. I woke up suffocating on my own vomit, was rushed me to the hospital and after  I refused to communicate with the doctor and explain why i'd done it, I was discharged under the presumption I would see a child psychiatrist. Then I became the family target, they all called me an idiot and an attention-seeker and pretty much any time there was an argument my brother would tell me to "go and try and kill yourself again". It was awful, and  made me feel like a total pos surviving because I couldn't even do death right.

Since then,  I have been in a series of abusive relationships and have tried a further 2 times and somehow have survived every attempt which makes me feel totally worthless. I have been diagnosed with CPTSD, generalised anxiety and am possibly bipolar. I have finished one degree, and am now doing another but I feel like my experiences have made me a really toxic person and despite all the therapy I do to try and soothe my moods, I am always  irritable, depressed and anxious. I try so hard to see someone regularly, exercise 5 days a week, eat right, and study to improve myself but I feel like the core of who i am is just awful. I get snappy and frustrated very easily and nothing really seems to help. I have such a short fuse with people that I'm scared one day I won't have any friends and I truly feel like all this therapy I've done has been a waste because I am far too damaged at this point.  I feel like everyone would be better off without me.  Is there really any point surviving if I won't have quality of life? I'm 28 and Im already exhausted.