I'm supposed to be doing an essay but all I can think about is ending it.Read this at least: 

I doubt this will get any attention cause it's probably long but you do you and respond if you feel like your time is worth it. (it probably won't be). If you wanna make a compromise and reply and not read the whole thing read the last part. 

I'm a senior in highschool (17m) and every morning is a struggle. My thought process is the same every morning. First it's a fight to leave bed. Then I'm contemplating if I should shower or not. Finally when I get out of bed I keep thinking "If I just make myself throw up I won't need to go to school, I can just take a swig of hydrogen peroxide and puke my guts out." I finally end up taking a shower then sit on the toilet for 20 minutes hoping I suddenly get sick so I can avoid people. I hate talking to people. I'm a listener and an introvert. 

I'm all over the fucking place guys. On my gravel road I'm not a safe driver. I don't really care what happens. I crash I crash oh well. I've slid off the road several times but no serious impacts yet. I constantly think "it's a straight stretch I can easily hit 90+ mph and hit a tree." 

My depersonalization is getting bad again. I thought it was gone but I guess not. My best friend says it's probably caused by my brother. She also thinks that's the reason I'm so cool headed and hate arguments and try to deescalate other people's arguments. 

People say I'm the kindest person they've ever met. I can never be mad at anyone longer than 10 minutes (except myself) and there's no one I dislike even if they're a total dick to me. I just don't have the need or energy to dislike someone. There's no point and it just causes trouble. I've grown up with "treat others how you want to be treated" and I've taken it to heart. That's how I've lived most of my life. I go out of my way to help others just because helping others helps me get my own stuff done. For example I never do my homework but when someone asks help on there's I'll gladly help then I have a boost to do my own. 

*Here's the main point of this post* 

I'm suicidal. I have been for 3 years now. I'm supposed to be writing an essay (descriptive) that's due tomorrow and I took a friend's aderall to help me focus (I have adhd but my doctor can't prescribe aderall or vyvanse) and I am focussed just not on my essay. My family life is fucking shit. I'm sure there are people with worse lives and I shouldn't complain but well here I am. I'm adopted. I was at an infant. My adoptive parents I have no connection with. They don't know who I am. They don't know what I like. I just feel like I'm living in their house. There's no love just presence. My brother is a nut (not bio). He has severe anger issues and a cause of many of my problems I think. When I think about home I shake so badly and I get into a depersonalization episode. He's 8 months younger than me. I'm afraid to sleep when he's awake. In the past he's woken me by beating me with a bat or by throwing a rolling chair at me. We've gotten into fist fights. He's put blades to my neck repeatedly like swords or knives. Every single time he did that I screamed at him "Fucking do it you godamn pussy, I know you don't have the balls to do it" and he'd drop the knife and run crying. I caught him dragging my sister (not bio) by the shirt and hitting her. I lost it and slammed him to the wall and punched him until my knuckles bled. He ran downstairs crying and I sat on my bed trying to fight back tears. He came back with a shotgun. I stood up looked him in the eyes and walked to him. He put it to my head tears streaming down his face "I'm going to put a fucking slug into your head and feed you to the dogs if you touch me one more time" I turned around and said "Do it". I hate this place so fucking much. CPS can't do anything idk why but they've tried. I have a scar on my arm from where he pulled a knife and cut me. 

I'm done with my rant. If you read it all thanks and if you send a message or comment even bigger thanks. If not oh well. At least you didn't waste time reading it. I guess I'll try and do this stupid essay, or cut myself, or just cut to the chase and hang myself. I'm just done. (also by last part I meant the chunk above this)