My last wordsI honestly don't even know anymore. Everything hurts so fucking bad. I feel so incredibly alone. In the past five months, so much shit has happened. I was raped, molested, lied to, hurt, abused, heartbroken. I thought things were getting better until my birthday, when I found out my rapist rapped another girl. Then I found out my biological father did horrible stuff. Then I got dumped. Out of the blue. He lied to everyone and said I cheated. I would never. I loved him so much. He was my everything. I have to start going back to school with the girls who say it's my fault I got rapped and I'm lying about it. I just want one thing to go right in life. It's been seventeen years full of pain and shame. I can barely get out of bed. Any time I try to do normal human stuff, I breakdown in tears. I cry so much. I genuinely see no point in staying alive. No one really understands. I can't forget how he wouldn't take no for an answer. I can't forget how my own brother touched me. I can't forget how my dad screamed at me. My old friends texted me saying I ruined their lives and I don't deserve to be alive. They said they're going to send people after me to hurt me. I'm exhausted. Yea things may get better in the future, but I've run out of time. Nothing helps. The hospital refuses to help me, my therapist does too. It's like it's the universes way of telling me it's my time to go. I don't want to hurt my mom. But she has to realize, that I can't take it anymore. I'm worn out. I'm unlovable, useless, retarded, disgusting, worthless. There's nothing for me in the world anymore. I'm giving up. None of my past attempts worked, but this time, I won't chicken out. I'm afraid of dying. Im not religious in any way. I don't want to sit in eternal darkness forever. But that's better than living right? Anything is better than living. My chest feels heavy all the time. My head is foggy. My body is giving up on me. I haven't eaten a full three meals in a day since three months ago when I was raped. I just want to scream. I'm so angry at the world. Why did the universe choose to put me through so much. What did I do that was so wrong. I want to live, I really really do. But I can't anymore. I refuse to hurt any longer. I need a break, even if that means forever. Everyday is so lonely. I feel lonely in a room full of people. Whenever I tell people about what's bothering me, they say sorry and they don't know what to say. No one knows what to say. Ever. I just want to be loved and mean something to someone. I want someone to actually give a shit. I need someone to hold me and tell me it will be okay. I don't recognize myself when I look in the mirror. No matter what I do to change myself. I cut and dye my hair, switch up my wardrobe, lose weight. Nothing fixes it. I look in the mirror and see a body with no soul. An empty carcass. If I disappeared, no one would notice. No body. I'm a waste of space. Just a pathetic piece of flesh. There's not a single ounce of hope left in me. I'm absolutely done. Sorry for any spelling errors. Tomorrow night will be my last. I'll just be another broken soul. Thank you for ready to the end. I just wanted someone to hear what was going on in my mind. I appreciate it.
All good things come to an end.