Please help me.In my 26 years of living, I’ve never been able to find the help I need to escape the mental anguish that’s possessed me for as long as I can remember. Before I could walk or speak, I experienced severe physical and emotional traumas at the hands of strangers. Moreover, I was neglected as a child. As a result, I developed severe attachment issues at a very In my 26 years of living, I’ve never been able to find the help I need to escape the mental anguish that’s possessed me for as long as I can remember. Before I could walk or speak, I experienced severe physical and emotional traumas at the hands of strangers. Moreover, I was neglected as a child. As a result, I developed severe attachment issues at a very young age which have completely prevented me from bonding with people altogether, and I’ve suffered from the myriad of other sorrows—such as depression and anxiety—which inevitably accompany such a lonely existence. My life has always been this way. I’ve never experienced any lasting happiness, any sense of belonging, or any deep connection with another human being, and I’ve never felt even remotely hopeful that I might someday lead a normal life where I can enjoy normal, healthy relationships with other people. The few joys I have experienced have been shallow and fleeting. Such moments only last for seconds or minutes, and are always separated by years. Honestly, I never expected that I’d survive as long as I have, but I’ve managed to make it this far by cutting myself off from my emotions, by studying/mimicking the behaviors of others, and by forcing myself to abide the rules of man, despite the fact that my instincts are constantly telling me that people are to be feared and mistrusted.

I’ve always been at risk of hurting myself and others, but somehow I’ve managed to thwart myself—without fail—whenever I feel compelled to act on such impulses. I’ve sought professional help *many* times in the past, but it’s never come even remotely close to working out. Doctors invariably throw pills at me whilst making no little to no effort to properly assess—let alone effectively address—my condition. At this point, I am so mentally and emotionally exhausted from constantly having to battle myself without support or guidance that I can’t even lift my facade of normalcy anymore. I’m no longer functioning, and I feel as if I’m at my breaking point.

I just turned 26, I no longer have health insurance, I have no money whatsoever, and my mental state makes me virtually unemployable. At this point, I feel completely hopeless and helpless. Please help me. I don’t know what to do. age which have completely prevented me from bonding with people altogether, and I’ve suffered from the myriad of other sorrows—such as depression and anxiety—which inevitably accompany such a lonely existence. My life has always been this way. I’ve never experienced any lasting happiness, any sense of belonging, or any deep connection with another human being, and I’ve never felt even remotely hopeful that I might someday lead a normal life where I can enjoy normal, healthy relationships with other people. The few joys I have experienced have been shallow and fleeting. Such moments only last for seconds or minutes, and are always separated by years. Honestly, I never expected that I’d survive as long as I have, but I’ve managed to make it this far by cutting myself off from my emotions, by studying/mimicking the behaviors of others, and by forcing myself to abide the rules of man, despite the fact that my instincts are constantly telling me that people are to be feared and mistrusted.

I’ve always been at risk of hurting myself and others, but somehow I’ve managed to thwart myself—without fail—whenever I feel compelled to act on such impulses. I’ve sought professional help *many* times in the past, but it’s never come even remotely close to working out. Doctors invariably throw pills at me whilst making no little to no effort to properly assess—let alone effectively address—my condition. At this point, I am so mentally and emotionally exhausted from constantly having to battle myself without support or guidance that I can’t even lift my facade of normalcy anymore. I’m no longer functioning, and I feel as if I’m at my breaking point.

I just turned 26, I no longer have health insurance, I have no money whatsoever, and my mental state makes me virtually unemployable. At this point, I feel completely hopeless and helpless. Please help me. I don’t know what to do.