i have never felt worse in my life and i want to give upif you asked me how i felt in january, i'd probably tell you i felt amazing and excited about what was to come. i had just been accepted to my dream school early and i could afford it. my boyfriend and i would go to taco bell after school before we had to go to work. i was going to do so many things this summer. go to an amusement park. volunteer at a summer camp. work. go to the mall. 

literally none of this happened. my 18th birthday was in late march. i lost my job because i worked at a café that doesn't have any use for employees anymore. when school closed in my state, i started crying every day. i hated high school and was so ready for it to be over but being at home with my mother all the time was miserable. i've never had a good relationship with her because she neglected me and my brother as children and has never taken responsibility for it. she tells me that things like not feeding her four year old children was just a mistake. 

my mother never told me she intended for me to either leave or pay rent when i turned 18. i didn't think she would do that because our living situation is confusing and my grandparents support my mother because she's really irresponsible. but she did. i had pissed her off by existing and she told me to get out. i had less than thirty minutes to leave. so i did and i've been staying with my other grandparents since late may. they're kind enough to let me stay rent free given i pay for all of my other expenses but it's hard to be living in a basement now. i still haven't gotten over being told to leave and only having thirty minutes to do so and no one has even asked me how i feel i just have to pretend like everything is okay? when it's just not? i wish i had a mother who wasn't her

i can't sleep at night. when i finally fall asleep, i either get three hours of sleep or twelve. it's torture. i have random panic attacks where i think about all of the bad things i've done and how terrible i am and how stupid and worthless i am and how i should just drive off of a bridge. it's awful. and it's not unfounded either because everything keeps going wrong either because i fuck up or because the universe hates me. i volunteered at a summer camp last year and i loved it and for some reason, they still had them this year. i was "fired" because i was late on the first day and had to miss the last for work. i told them this stuff in advance and i get that i fucked up, i really really do, but it hurts because it wasn't my first time volunteering there. i was known and had done a good job before. it wasn't me and that's what hurts the most. i disappointed myself. well yesterday i got an email asking me to volunteer again. it felt like such a joke. it felt like i was being mocked. oh and today, after a terrible panic attack on the way to a picnic date i had planned with my boyfriend, i found out i was rejected from an advanced writing class at my college. i didn't automatically qualify this year because they changed the rules and my sat score is ten points (one question i know why i missed) below the cutoff. just last year i would've qualified for it and wouldn't even had to appeal and be rejected. and the email was condescending as hell and it made me feel so stupid and bad. normally i would've just taken it, but i had spent the last thirty minutes sobbing over how useless i am and that just reinforced it. 

my one motivation was to work hard in high school so i could maybe get into a good college and maybe do something with that because neither of my parents went to college. i did that. now what? i'm not going to experience any of the good college shit. my school had a free program for us to adjust to online classes. i hated it. i had people mock my intended major to my face and one guy in particular was rude to me all the time. every time i said something he would respond to tell me how stupid what i said was. i had a lot of tech problems. we had online orientation too. i didn't vibe with anyone there and ended up skipping the last two sessions because for some reason, the leaders decided we owed both vulnerability and our faces to strangers. oh and they kept forgetting i was there? we would play games and like clockwork they would forget i was there. it didn't happen to anyone else. i don't fit in already and my motivation for getting a degree is gone. i want to leave before i've started. i've never felt like that. i just wake up wanting to die. i'm scared to kill myself but also i don't think i'll ever feel better. i have lost all interest in anything i enjoy. i can't play games or watch tv or even play fucking solitaire on my phone without getting frustrated. i waste so much time because i don't feel like anything matters. 

i miss when i didn't hurt all of the time. i miss when i didn't think about killing myself every day. i don't remember a time i felt okay