I wish they hadn't found meI tried to kill myself in January and just happened to be walking into an elevator when the massive amount of drugs I got to do it with rendered me unconscious.  I was found and saved by paramedics and a hotel clerk.  She said she felt the hand of God touch me and bring me back.  Which is not something I should take for granted but 

That weekend and pretty much the whole relationship also I was an asshole and just didn't get along with the mother of my child. She left me with my daughter whom I will probably never see again.  After she left I posted a lot of shit online on and off basically saying I hated her and wished she was dead.  I miss my daughter so much and I don't hate either of them. Its me who wishes I were dead.  I loved her and my daughter more than I have ever loved anyone and couldn't bear the thought of living without them.

It is in fact me who wishes I were dead.  I overdosed last week and by the grace of God again someone found me who had narcan on them. I woke up covered in ice having been brought back from death a 3rd time.  

I am so guilty and so missing my daughter whom I did love and treated well and caring.  Her mother knows I love our child but after what has happened and what I have said and done I will never see either of them again.  

I am dead inside.  I hate waking up in the morning.  Hate myself.  I'm just empty.   
I have miraculously been saved from death multiple times to where it clearly wasn't my time but if all that happens time and again is I have my life saved just to be hurt more then why the fuck am I here.  Why do people keep saving my life.  I need to just go somewhere by myself and do enough to kill me.  I'm not on drugs all the time I only do them when I get so fed up that I secretly hope I nod out and don't wake up.  

God I just wish I could see my daughter.  The one thing I care for more than anything else in the world.  

I'm staying with family and I am so shell-shocked and disassociated from the traumatic experience I have been through that I just feel like I am taking up space and being a burden.  I feel dead inside.  

I need prayers or a fucking meteor that goes through my bedroom.  Something