19, Queer, and pointlessI've been struggling with these thoughts since middle school and each year they only seem to get worse. Ever since I've realised how pointless I was compared to my peers they've permeated in my head. I've always been the outcast amongst people and groups of friends. I'm never the one that gets invited to parties or to hangout and they're all busy when I ask them to without fail. High school was a period of constant put downs and anxiety. I hadn't realised I was gender queer at the time which greatly harmed my sense of self identity and my ability to present who I was to others. Because of this I've been particularly social awkward and anxious. College was where things were supposed to change. New faces and new resources. Things almost immediately went to shit. I could get myself to classes or meet people outside of my hall. When I finally realised I was gender queer I felt/feel like a freak. Being a nonbinary AMAB means receivimg a fraction of a percent of the acceptedness and support your binary AMAB peers receive. I've  tried attending GSA meetings but I've only been treated as even more of an outsider since I don't fit their concepts of queerness. Spring semester and this semester have just been repeats of the same. Combine this with potential financial and roommate issues and I feel like my time is coming to it's end. I can't put my parents through the embarrassment of having a trans child that also dropped out of school and the stress of academics is tearing me apart physically and mentally. This summer I had the opportunity to throw myself off the dam near my college. I sat there at the top for nearly 4 hours. It would've looked like a fishing accident and saved my family so much embarrassment from my failures. I wish I would have done it. Now the plan is to intentially crash my car into a tree on a particularly rainy night so it looks like an accident. Until then I'll pretend everything is fine. My name is Zairen and I use they/them pronouns. I'm a 2nd year Csci student, a DJ Training Director, and my time is coming to an end.