I think I just witnessed a call for help from my brotherToday I was out for lunch with my brother. Between servings of food, we'd have little discussions of our lives. My brother is a high school drop out (pretty smart guy, nonetheless) and he said to me *I honestly think I want to kill myself. But I wouldn't because of you and mom and dad*, he didn't even mention our sister.

*I'm such a miserable person. All I do is complain about everything and do nothing but sit on my ass all day. My life is shit and I have no ambition to actually do anything with my life. It just makes sense to kill myself if I'm a waste of a life at this point.*

He has also stopped taking his medication and has been drinking a lot more than usual (most of a bottle of rum/night), and more.

My brother doesn't seem to have much going for him in regards to moving forward in life. He has several plans but doesn't often follow through. He has no plans for the future for University or College (which isn't an issue). The only thing he wants to do is leave our home country because he can't stand society and gets angry in any way.

We didn't discuss much further. I gave him my two cents. Mostly that if something is bothering him about his life, he needs to treat it like an obstacle and help himself get through it. He told me that he doesn't feel supported in any ideas - mostly because we are sick of him making unreal expectations and failing miserably (which makes everything worse).

The only support I feel I can give him is his idea of moving. But he wants to leave our city and move to Europe for a *simpler life*, which is hard to support if he doesn't put in the effort himself. I told him that it would kill me inside if he ever did anything to hurt himself like that and I couldn't live with the "what if" feeling. 

I'm sorry if it doesn't make sense or some parts are confusing. I just wouldn't be able to live with myself if something happened. I ultimately know that I can only do so much, but I would still have the lingering effect. I can clarify or be more specific about anything. 

Please, Reddit, I might be overexaggerating, but I'm a bit worried.