Please Critique Goodbye Letters

For All- I'm sorry its all come to this. I'm sorry for the suffering this will cause you. Please understand that I am happier now. I'm in a better place. I've always known I would die by my own hand for as long as I can remember. I've never had much of a will to live. I hate and despise myself deeply. My family and my friends have been so good to me... Thank you for everything you have done for me. I'm sorry to have been such a absolute failure.... You all deserved better.

Mom- I'm sorry. You've the best mother anyone could ask for. You've done so much for me. I'm sorry...
None of this is yours or anyone’s fault. I'm weak. I'm damaged. You never deserved this; you deserved a better son. I love you. I'm sorry for what I have done. Thank you for all the kindness you showed. And your unending faith in my me.

Dad- We've had our disagreements and fights while I was growing up.. As I've grown older I'm come to realize all the sacrifices you made for your children, the positive values you attempted to instill in us, how you were always there for us and how you were able to soldier on and fight the same personal demons I currently fight. For these reasons and more I really respect and admire you. You were a good father, and you deserved a better son. You more than anyone else will probably understand why I did what I did. Please be strong, and support Mom during this tough time. I love you. Goodbye.

Erin- You've grown up to be a beautiful, smart, and talented women. Please be kinder to yourself. You are a true catch for any man. I urge you to seek out relationships with people who will value you, be faithful to you, and look out for your best interests. Don't settle for less. But also don't stop looking. I think a good healthy relationship in your life may serve to balance you out.  I'm sorry for what I have done. I'm sorry for the suffering this causes you. 

Sasha- Thank you for being so supportive, and being accommodative to my general craziness. I've very proud of your accomplishments. You've gone through a lot, and have come a long way. You should be proud of your accomplishments... I know I am. You should have more faith in your own abilities. You will be an excellent pediatric endocrinologist, this I know for certain.

I'm sorry for what I have done... this is not in any way your fault. There was nothing you could have done to prevent this or catch my intentions. I'm been very careful not to be obvious... None of this is your fault. I'm in a better place now. I'm sorry to have had this happen in your apartment. You deserved a better brother and I never deserved the great kindness you showed me.

Jenifer (Only If you decide to inform her of my death. I would prefer you don't.) - Jenifer I'm sorry for what I have done... I knew it was only a matter of time for me before I would. Thank you for all the things you have done for me. You are a kind, gentle, beautiful women and wonderful friend. I was lucky to have had the privilege of knowing you.   I'm happy you have taken the steps to start a family. You made the right decision with me, that toxic part of me would have led to my own destruction sooner or later... You did all you could... I was really a lost cause. None of this is your fault. Moving on was the best and smartest thing you did for both of us. I wish you the best in the future. You’re an excellent person. You will make a wonderful mother.  

Nicki/Chis/Shannon/George (Please do not release info of my death to them. I would like to be remembered while I was still a decent, smart, and somewhat successful person. Not for what I eventually became) - You have all been such wonderful friends to me. I respect and completely admire each of you for your amazing accomplishments and more importantly the kindness, empathy, and thoughtfulness you have maintained in the face of your success. I have always treasured our interesting conversations, and our crazy hijinks. I was honored to have had the chance to have known each of you. Thank you for the kindness you have showed me. 

Disposal of my body- I would like my body donated for organ donation and barring that to OSU for dissection... I figure I should at least attend it once. (humor).. If I don't qualify for either of these, then a simple cremation without a service or a plot would be best. 

For the medical personnel/ police:  I acted on my own accord without help or pressure from any outside actors. My death is a suicide due to a combination of multiple medications. I knowingly and willing took such medications to cause my death. I would prefer that my body not be damaged to the point of not being able to donate organs or failing that donation to wayne state for dissection as viable options. I do not want to be on prolonged life support, including ventilators of feeding tubes. In making these statements I swear that I am of sound mind, I understand the risks and benefits of what I’m doing, and that I am not receiving any outside pressure in make these decisions.

EDIT: I'm a proponent of the concept of "harm reduction"... its kinda like a needle exchange... sooner or later I or someone else will do themselves in. How do we create a goodbye letter that minimizes the emotional trauma to the surviving loved ones. What should it consist of?

