I need help, I don't know if this is the right place.I don't want to give out details because this is my main account, so I am going to try to be vague, and I don't want to make a throwaway because I personally don't like when people hide things from me, so I'm not going to do it either.

Basically I recently was made aware of how I was acting for years was affecting others, how serious the damage I caused was, how childish I was being, so I decided to change for the better, and I have, I really have. I have been doing all the things I wasn't doing and not doing the things I'm not supposed to do, and I feel good about doing them, like I'm a better person than I was because I'm finally contributing, I'm doing them because I should, and because they need to be done not because I was told to.

The problem is this has happened before, I changed for a bit and then went back to the same old same old, the "change" before was never as serious as this, it was never to this extent but to someone on the outside this current change is not convincing because they've seen me go back to my old ways before. I've changed for good but I can't convince anyone I have because of my track record, kind of a boy who cried wolf situation. "yeah yeah I'll change, see?" \*does good for a while then right back to being a shitter\* but this time is different, this time I've changed for good, I like the new me and it's not as annoying to do all these things as it was before, it's not as hard to keep up with it and continue to do it as before, it's almost effortless to be this new person I am now, so I know in my heart I'm not going to slip ever again, but I can't convince others that I'm better.

That's why I'm here, no matter how hard I try they just say, "OK, so what? You did a few things, how long is this going to last? You're just going to go back to how you were before" Nothing I say or do can convince them, and if they don't believe in me, if they don't want to be around me because they think I'm just going to fuck up again, then I don't see the point of living. It's like I'm doing it for me, but I'm also doing it for them, because how much I hurt them with my actions before, I never want to do that again, I never want them to feel like they can't rely on me. But they've already given up on me, and everything I love will be gone, because of my past, because of who I was. And without them I am nothing, without them I want nothing, without them I don't want to exist. I don't know if suicide is truly the answer I'm looking for, hence my hesitation in the title, but I see no point of going on without them, I see no other option if they're gone, I might as well be gone too. A future without them is a future not worth living for.