Nietzsche: for the Interested and Depressed   Let me begin by dispelling a common misconception; Nietzsche is not a nihilist. If you associate him with nihilism, dear reader, it may be easier for you to understand what I am about to say if you pretend that you have never heard the name of Friedrich Nietzsche.

   I find that many individuals come to a point where they stop, look around, and realize that they are a mouse in a labyrinth hunting for cheese; however, not only do they seem to be losing the game, but they don't quite see the point of even playing. They find that everything around them is an false image. So much phoniness surrounds them with no escape. Then they look at themselves and find that they have nothing to live for. Congratulations friend, if this is you, you have stumbled upon the dark truth of man. You have made it half the way the way there, but I feel you have one more conclusion to draw that will return purpose to your life! 
	
   Beginning with the arguments of Plato, Socrates, and other Greek philosophers, the original purpose of man was to follow a telos, a goal to seek the purest form of the self. For these thinkers, there was a pure form of justice, of triangles, of logic, and of man that were concealed by images projected by the objects themselves and by culture, and only through argumentation can one find these Forms in a sort of team-effort. This sort of thinking provides, at the very least, a basis for morals and is the foundation for the character we try to instill in children. Remember, even before you started school, how your mothers tried to teach you to be honest and kind as though they were inherent characteristics of man. 
	
   Eventually, people began to question the existence of these Forms such as Immanuel Kant, Friedrich Nietzsche, Joseph Conrad, among others. Each of them provided their alternatives to these forms. Likewise, you, seeker of truth, have found that the forms in and of themselves are lies, and it is here you, Nietzsche, Conrad, Holden Caufield, and Hamlet have found common ground; however, it is time to move back from the abyss and find a role and participate in the grand play of this world. 
	
   Nietzsche provides a solution for this issue. Beginning with the given that ALL morality is a fiction, a construct of society, rather than attempting to distinguish truth from fiction, the distinction must be made between fiction and better fiction. Fictions range from an appreciation of Mozart and the Golden Rule to playing hockey or going to the club. But with no grounding for even this quest for fictions, it begs the question, “Why bother with these fictions?” The answer is, “That is life!” A life consists of a collection of actions, of doing, of being, of finding whatever interests you, KNOWING THAT IT IS NOT TRUE. Football, for example, consists men running about attempting to move a pigskin and tackling each other, but millions of people have adopted this fiction and made the rules a part of their lives. Conrad expresses the pursuit of better fictions as turning to “work.” Work is any activity that produces a better understanding of the self and that provides joy. 
	
   While science has discovered that we are a bunch of atoms, you can do nothing with that information! Unless of course, you are a biochemist. 
	
   I haven't expressed all that I would have liked due to homework that I've been putting off, please comment with questions, comments, hate, love, criticism, and I will try to answer accordingly.
   
   TL;DR You may have realized that the truth is we are a bunch of atoms; however, the point of life is not necessarily to find truth but to find more ways to enjoy life and provide substance for it.

Look at Maximus Pryme comment for a more focused analysis of Nietzsche than my rambling essay.