It isnt getting better. Sometimes it doesnt.Like the title says, it isn't getting better. I'm trying to do my best but it isn't good enough. They say keep at it, it keeps getting better but it doesnt. They told me at 16 that it would but it didn't. My aunt died of cancer. They told me at 18 that it would get better but at my leaving ceremony, no one cheered or clapped me like they did with everyone else. They told me at 19 that it would get better, but I just got someone dump a cup of vodka over my head after I decided to actually have a night out with the girls and everyone laughed. They told me at 19-20 but my two grandmothers and my grandfather died. They told me it would get better at 21, which is my age now, but now I'm just some girl with a lot of student debt with two jobs while working at a terrible work experience job that the people there even tell me is a waste of time, and nearly everyone is gone off with their lives when they said they'd be with me. I've attempted suicide a few times, all through hanging, but I've always been interrupted or panicked at the last moment. 

I want to be an array of things: a writer of poetry and comics and plays and books, a gaming youtuber, a journalist and I have tried for years but nothing has come of it. Just failure. I even had a teacher tell me that they've never met someone before who had gotten worse at something when trying their best. I try my best at my writing but nothing really comes of it even though I buy the books about writing and read the advice articles and read constantly because its my passion but its always rejection. I'm still going to write but I've given up hoping that it'll lead somewhere. Same with YouTube. I've had people tell me many different ways of improving and how to do it but it never makes a different and then I get someone telling me the exact opposite. So right now ive given up on wanting to be a big youtuber and instead im just playing for shits and giggles. 

But yeah, every day before I go to bed, I just stare at the ceiling and tell myself: "well thats another day of worthless trying" and then wonder whether to take my life or not. I've got down the road of therapy all to no avail, and the woman I liked as a therapist couldnt see me anymore now that I graduated uni. I had one therapist openly tell me that if it's actually depression or is it just me as well as "if you wanted to kill yourself then why haven't you?" And ive been on antidepressants but they dont do anything. 

So yeah, I understand that there are worse off people than me and that in part is one minor factor in my depression - that I have the audacity to be miserable when others face real life horrors. But here I am, I guess. I've posted here before but yeah, I dunno. People usually reply with comments saying they're here for me but I'll never hear further from them but then there's me assuming they should be making the effort when it should be probably be me.  

I hate my life and I find no joy in it. I have a deep hatred in myself and cringe at everything I do. There's nothing I find appealing about myself and I am not surprised that people would be so willing to be rid of me. If there was a reset button, I'd push it and restart fresh. There's nothing for me to be excited for, nothing to look forward to anymore and there's nothing that makes me want to stick around, every step I take is paved by doubt either made by me or someone else. Again, I've probably said this before but maybe it wont happen tonight or tomorrow or next week or month or year but it will. I'm going to try my best to avoid it, write it as much as I can, but as I get older, all the doors are starting to shut and lock up away from me. 

When celebrities say it gets better, I roll my eyes (and thats not because I have a twitch that makes me roll my eyes occasionally) because I can't believe them. Yes, it got better for YOU, doesnt mean it'll get better for someone else. 

But Im just a moaning bitch. It happens. But one thing's for sure, one day, i will be taking my own life and my self loathing will end. 