Type 1 Diabetic and wanting to die.So yeah in the title it kinda says what I am. I've been trying to off myself ever since I was a little tyke back in middle school but to no avail. I've kinda just sat back never really talking to anyone but using videogames as sort of a vent to make myself feel like something. Being good at a game or becoming immersed is what helped me get through a lot of things. I've just felt that sitting around building up medical costs has been dragging me down super hard. I've never had a job or anything to make money because I always get super nervous when I walk into interviews and I beat myself up for it all the time. I should already be out of my mom's house out on my own, but I don't have a car nor can I drive. So I can't really drive to a job or go to college and I'm pretty sure I'd become a nervous wreck anyways. I've also never really taken care of myself for my diabetes, which has made me become incredibly aware that my body will probably start to break down on me very early before any of the few friends I have start to go. I don't know, just being a "useless loser" as I put it makes me not want to be around as I feel like I waste the money, time, space, and food of everyone around me. It also doesn't help that I never talked to anyone who I'd want to be in a relationship with. I'm gay and would really just like someone to stop and care for me, but I know that sooner or later they would be fed up with how useless I am. Anyways I've been contemplating whether or not I should off myself out where I am now; at some farm in the middle of nowhere. My mom decided she wanted to move in with here boyfriend in the middle of nowhere and since I had no one who wanted to take me in I had to go. Now I sit here typing this alone. I'm pretty sure they both realize how useless I am and I'm not sure what they'll do about me. It really just helps me to type this and ask for people to shoot the breeze with since the internet is so bad out here I can't talk to my friends or play any games to help me relax and vent. It just seems like my whole life will be like this and there's no escape. I mean I've though of just up and leaving one day and walking and just going until I decide to stop but I just don't know. Doesn't really help me either knowing that 3 months ago I tried to OD on insulin and woke up in the hospital and now I've got like $2000 in medical bills straight out of highschool with no way to pay them. I'm sorry if this is too long but I'm just confused and not sure what to do and it really helps to vent this because the only people who've known my motivations were my couple closest friends.