The Wild (Suicide Note)The Wild

In the wild, there is a system, a hierarchy. In the wild there are politics, there are economics, there are social groups, there are families, and there is a food chain. In the wild we can see that everything is divided in groups, there are states, counties and borders that should not be crossed. Every animal group has their own system or way of doing things, elephants for example have a matriarch system, there is a chief elephant that leads their herd, there are family groups composed of moms, dads, sons, daughters and even uncles. They have social groups within the herd. When a link between the elephants is broken or one of the elephant dies, the other elephants mourn  their lost or their break-up. We can also see systems in other animals like lions. Not that the Disney® movie “The Lion King” is entirely true, but there is some true to some of the behaviors seen in the movie. Like the alpha male being the king and the leader, this behavior is really seen in the wild. The females hunt and the male sits all day guarding the “house”. These animals are intelligent enough to create hierarchies and to assign roles. There are multiple examples of systems in the wild, but what about humans, what about our systems, our politics, our economy, our social groups. How do we reflect the close to perfect systems that the “lower” species develop. There is a factor that limits our development process of successful systems. Betrayal… In the wild, it is very rare to see same species animals betray their own kin. But among humans this is a really dominant factor, in politics, in economy and other “effective systems” that we've created. We see betrayal when a politician promises change, but delivers misery and poverty to his people. We see betrayal in economy when a person that makes (apparently) not enough money to survive this terrible life, steals from the poor to satisfy his own greedy and vicious needs. We see betrayal in our social development and social groups. Before we are born we could easily be betrayed by our mother who chose to abort because her life is a miserable piece of crap and a baby wont make it any better. But if you do get the chance to be born, you get betrayed on every single step of your life, no matter how much you learn about life and its evil ways, you’ll get betrayed by the one you call brother, the one you call friend and sometimes even the one you don’t call anything because you don’t even know them. That’s how FUCKED UP this world is. You get betrayed when you fall in love, you get betrayed when you think out load, when you speak, when you dream, in fact when you do ANYTHING, you are sure to get betrayed. You may ask yourself, “ why is this happening to me?” and trust me, eventually you'll realize that nothing in this god damned world is worth it. Nothing is worth it, not knowledge, not being popular or famous, not being rich, not being the pretties or cutest person in the world, NOTHING and I repeat NOTHING is worth it. Because as all the other animals in the wild all humans really need, other than food, sleep, and a well given bath, is love. Every animal no matter what the species is needs love. We all need a special someone. But just imagine how screwed up the world is that we prefer to betray our friends, family, and sometimes even ourselves to make someone else’s life a living hell, and you know you've gone your way at some point in your life to make someone miserable. This is something we don't see in the wild because animals understand the commitment and the responsibility that comes with living in this world and enjoying your stay in this shit hole while it lasts. We also don't see this shitty behavior in the wild because animals don't have the mental capacity to hate, they don't have the mental capacity to betray or to backstab their friends. If there is one thing I've learned from life experiences is to not befriend anyone, just smile and wave, or just learn their names and call them by that because humans are so vain that they love listening to their own name (narcissistic son’s of bitches that we are huh). So thats one of the things I've learned, but like I said this means nothing, absolutely nothing is worth anything in this nickel back piece of crap world. I know I may seem rude or just seem like an ass, but thats what you get when you go into the wild. You learn to survive and eat every single being that crosses your path. A few days ago I came up with the phrase “Let’s do it!”, what I really meant to say was lets not do anything and lets just sit here and do nothing until death proclaims our miserable bodies, because I feel like this life is less shitty when you just do nothing. Why because you can’t hurt or get hurt, and people say that pain makes us grow… Well guess what that is the biggest pile of bull shit I've ever heard. Human beings did not evolve for 8 million years to live in pain. We evolved because there were some basic necessities that we needed to take care of and that caused changes in the human body to adapt our physical nature to nature itself. What I really hate is when people say that love is not a relevant thing… Okay… Okay… Let’s see how you handle everyone rejecting you and not being able to love. You’ll go fucking nuts in less than a few hours, specially in this society where our emotions and our souls are driven by Facebook and twitter. To be a little more practical, start a Facebook profile, get tons of likes and then close your account… You'll come back to the computer screen like a love searching moth in the dark. We are love whores, we need love, we need it so much that when your family abandons you, your friends become the filthiest assholes in the universe, and your dog doesn’t want you to pet him, we turn to God for a loving hand… Could you be a bit less stupid please, God loves you and he loves everyone but the kind of love that humans need is not the love of an invisible being that created the world and humans themselves. Humans need the word, and no im not talking about the bible. Im talking about the literal word “Love”. Why do I say this… well growing up with a mom that worked all day and a step dad that had a love-hate relationship with me, sometimes all I needed was a word, a word used in the context of the famous phrase “I Love You”, and don't tell me that you don't like hearing those words together. I just wish I would have been given the opportunity to choose between a wealthy life and the love of a mother. I didn't really ever feel that so I don't know what love is. Ive been in multiple relationships, all of which failed miserably because I don't know how to love and my attitude is shit. A lot of people suffer from shitty attitude syndrome, which is basically being an asshole, and only enough some male’s and female’s across the globe fall for this kind of behavior because they think its attractive, well its not and all the people who like these bad attitudes are stupid and should be put in a mental institution to get some serious treatments. But this attraction is not always our fault, because the fault is definitely in our stars, the fault is in out way of thinking about other people. For example, I used to think my stage manager for the traveling theatre group in college was cute, and I was filled with joy every time I saw her face or talked to her, but then came the betrayal, she liked my friend, and even though I wasn't completely satisfied with this I decided to pursue the dream of one day being given the chance to join her in a relationship. Even though she did not know and will probably never find out, this was something that bothered me and killed me inside. Ive always been the type of person that likes to listen so whenever I got the chance to talk to her I would listen to all the lovee dovee things that she had to say, in my mind I couldn't give three shits about what she thought about him, cause I a guy and Im straight, but In my face I would reply with the typical “Mhhm” which is not very intelligent if you're trying to get a girl to like you, but at some point along the way of liking her I started to see her interest in him getting very strong, to the point where friends would go out to eat and they wouldn't invite me. Which in case you don't know is a fucking big deal okay! But what was I to do…? Nothing, nothing at all. I didn't have to do anything because I decided to quit the thought of ever existing and I decided to kill myself. This is not a suicide letter, it’s a cry for love. I really need someone to roam the Savannah with me, to show me the beautiful skies of Kenya. I need someone to help me fight for my life in the wild.