Tired of everythingSo, I never thought I'd make a post on here but I'm desperate. Let me start this by talking about myself and the shit that been going on. I've always suffered with depression ever since grade school even telling my mom one time back in grade school how I didn't think life was worth living. Anyways, currently I'm 21, high school dropout, have never worked a day in my life, stay inside for months at a time. I'm afraid to even interact with people or to get a job, cause I don't wanna fail, I know it's normal to fail but I hate failing, and I just get so nervous being around people now. I freak out a little inside if there's a bunch of people around. And no one in my life truly gets my pain, not even those closest to me. Being 21 and never having worked or just accomplished anything I just feel like a failure and that I got no purpose in life and always wonder why I'm picking to stay here when I could easily just pick the option of leaving. I have a gf who I'm in a long distance relationship with and she used to be a big help with my depression, but now all we ever do lately is fight and things just never seem to improve between us, and not even she can see how bad my depression is. I thought I conveyed it to her, but no, she can't see it. She doesn't even make any attempts to help with it anymore, she's just given up on me. I don't blame her tho, everyone I've ever had in my life eventually gives up on me. I just feel I'm hopeless to save. Idk if I even want to be saved anymore, like I feel the best option is just leaving so no one has to deal with me and my problems anymore. And so my parents don't have to keep spending money on me, my family isn't super well off, and yeah, just every penny towards me is a waste of their money. It can go to such more important things. If I could I would trade places with a homeless person, or just anyone less fortunate, they deserve it more than me. I don't deserve the things I have or things I get. I don't deserve any of it. I'm just a burden to everyone who comes across me. And I feel no one will miss me if I'm gone. Sorry for ranting I just had to get this out there. I just hate feeling so helpless, I'm surrounded by people who love me yet I feel so alone. I just have this empty feeling that never goes away. I've been given every tool I need to succeed in life and I manged to still fuck up my life, and I had the chance to live a happy life together with a gf whom I love so much, and now the relationship is just broken and beyond repair and I don't see any reason to keep going anymore. Everything around me just goes to shit. Anyway I'm done ranting.