I can finally be honest. I'm not afraid of death. I posted here about four months ago saying I was planning on killing myself with carbon monoxide poisoning in my car. You can check it out [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/h6icx/i_plan_to_kill_myself_this_friday_with_carbon/). 

What stopped me was a moment of weakness when I revealed to a friend my feelings and suggested that I had some sort of plan. Understandably, he freaked out, called my therapist, she called campus administrators (she told me that's the law when a student professes suicidal ideation), and my friend accompanied me to the hospital's mental ward where I experienced nothing whatsoever that has helped me. I was bored, read Carl Sagan, imagined all the questions the doctor was going to ask me, and prepared answers that would get me out of there as fast as possible. It worked, and he saw nothing wrong with me. 

Fast forward to today (found out my carbon monoxide plan wouldn't work, but found a popular book detailing easy and painless suicide) where I have all the tools required to kill myself. I could set it up in five minutes and be dead in twenty. That is all I've been fantasizing about for the past four months. That last breath I'd take before losing consciousness, the "tunnel of light," the letters I would write (I'm planning on writing one suicide letter to everyone and smaller letters to those closest to me), my funeral, etc. etc. as well as the purpose of the universe. I've watched movies like Sunshine, The Road, The Loved Ones, The Secret Life of Chaos, etc. trying to find some emotion that would stop me from doing it. I've talked to so many people about it (two therapists in person, online chat, friends who have experienced depression and attempted suicide, read all the suicide prevention articles online; read many, many responses on reddit by people giving eloquent and beautiful responses to suicidal thoughts) and it just doesn't seem to work. Any response that someone gives has a momentary effect of clarity, but my mind always finds a way around it. The topic of suicide is almost completely emotional and if someone uses emotional appeal, it's like a ripple hitting a dam. 

Logically, I see no reason for life. I can't make up my own reason because I'm a stupid, stupid human that is never going to know what is "really going on" and distracting myself with happiness on the off-chance that we'll figure it out one day feels hopeless. Every single day is met with more ways to be cynical. The more people there are, the more stupidity breeds (myself included). 

After pondering why my mind works this way for such a long time, I'm afraid it was due to my religious upbringing. When I was a child, hearing that there was a heaven was reassuring because I didn't have to worry about the universe. I didn't have to worry about anything because the bible had worked it all out and I just had to be a good person to get an eternity. But, after having that fiction ingrained into me for so long, finding my own purpose feels impossible. At times, Irebel with reason against that “impossible feeling” by saying that religion is winning by allowing my childhood to psychologically damage me to the point of suicide. But, then I second-guess that logic and think that some part of me is genetically predisposed to suicide and religion has nothing to do with it. But, then I think about how I still don’t masturbate and am a virgin at 22 (which was solely due to my religious upbringing) and that logic makes sense again. Around and round it goes…

I think there are two kinds of people: those who want to live forever and those who don't. Those that do want to live forever turn to religion, and those who don't just enjoy their life as best they can. They might start out religious but will eventually see the folly of it. But, what happens when those who want to live forever can't turn to religion and are face-to-face with the thought of nothingness? I learn a lot from movies and the first thing that comes to mind is the end of “Death Becomes Her” where Bruce Willis' character has just died and the pastor at the funeral states that "he will live forever through the lives of his children and his children's children" or something along those lines. But, entropy is inescapable. It might be an entertaining thought to live forever through the life you have now, but life is like light approaching a black hole. It might seem like you are going to travel forever, but eventually you, those you know, the good you've done will be erased from memory and existence. It almost feels like my mind is currently that light, but it's circling a black hole. The pull of it is so monstrously strong that it feels pointless to fight back. I guess my question is... is there some way to pull away from the black hole, to truly live forever? Because to fight death and make your legacy last as long as possible seems mind-bogglingly pointless since we are all going to end up in the exact same place. 

Do I condone others committing suicide? Of course not. There is a student who lives across from me who has cystic fibrosis, takes dozes of medications, and told me that his life expectancy is 30. Still, he is studying film and video editing. He says that his outlook on life is "Don't care what people think of me, don't take anything too seriously." I envy him immensely and think it is fucking awesome that he isn't letting his sickness get to him. Conversely, I'm a perfectly healthy (besides psychologically), friendly, intelligent and potentially successful guy with my whole life ahead of me. 

What the fuck is wrong with me? My lack of emotion? I'm far more emotional thinking about the effect this is going to have on my friends and family than the thought of dying. That's what I think most about. That, and what I could write that would help them realize no one was at fault but me. I don't want them to blame themselves or some ridiculous thing like atheism or weed. But, as much as I don't want them to feel emotional pain, the want for death is stronger. 

I don't know how I want you all to respond. I am hopeless emotionally and probably logically. I just want everyone to be happy.

EDIT: Forgot to mention that taking medication is out of the question as well (for me anyway). To begin to take medication would avoid the problem. I don't want a pill to make me happy. I want the truth of the universe to do that. But, the truth and universe were not created to make humans happy, so that's probably asking for too much. 

EDIT: I'm going to delete this because I'm afraid a friend is going to find out and tell everyone. Not sure if it saves the thread, but I can't risk him finding out. 