Why do I contemplate suicide as a viable option so often...If no one reads this, it's okay.

I really don't know to be honest. It seems like such an easy way out. I have no job. I run a tiny youtube channel with a tiny audience. I wake up every day and do nothing. I just upload videos in an effort to make money to pay for food or bills. Yes food OR bills. Bills are coming due soon and I'm broke. I'm so tired of being lonely, sad, depressed, tired, and generally miserable. I try to keep a happy outlook and honestly I feel that what few friends I have would forget I was gone after a week. Why? I don't know why. I was in the military for a couple years, but was then kicked out because I owned money on my travel card. I didn't do anything wrong, I just was having trouble paying the balance back. Honorable discharge at least. I want to go back to school and use my GI benefits, but I can't go to basically the only school in the area because I owe them money. I'm usually the guy with all the options and ideas. Always with the huge smile on my face; making others laugh. Why though? I don't know. What's the point? What am I waiting for? What in life am I waiting for? It has to be something...
Everyday I wake up and wonder if I'm any closer to whatever I'm waiting for. Waiting for my life to start? For it to end? I look back at the life I've lived so far. I've done nothing. Nothing notable. Nothing worth while. I fought in Iraq, but it was a bullshit deployment. Nothing that crazy happened. A few close calls, but even when they happened, I wasn't worried about anything terrible coming of them. All I do now is apply for every job I can, and produce as much content for my youtube channel as possible. I have a partnership with a network, so I make a few dollars. Is it worth it though? What has my life become? Why do I 2nd guess everything I do and why have I become so cynical. Am I just lazy or do I actually have issues? The thought of getting a real job after so long terrifies me. I wish I was still getting unemployment, but that decided to run out last month. Just got a new place too with my room mates. Long time friend of mine is stressing everyone out with bills. The bills arn't even that much. Rent is paid, but I still need $100. What am I going to do, should I even bother? Right now it's just an endless cycle of insanity. Everyday I wake up and hope something is different. I check my bank everyday for magic money to show up. I check my youtube feed to see if I made something that the world truly enjoys. I wake up and check my email to see if anyone wants to hire me. I have experience, just in all the wrong things. My career in the Air Force was a joke, working with munitions don't help you get a job in the real world. Not without other experience. I would give everything in the world to go back to school with my GI bill. But even being the guy who usually has all the answers, I have none. There isn't a light at the end of my tunnel. Only darkness, and more sadness and despair.