I'm so lonely I just want to dieI'm 21.  I only have a few friends, and I never get to see them.  I've never had an actual loving relationship, or sex.  The closest thing I ever had to a relationship ended horribly and has scared me off from trying, I think.  I think it's a subconscious thing.  I had a lot more friends when I was younger, and girls seemed more interested in me too.  Now, all I do is go to school, work, hate my life, and then come home to nobody and nothing.  I want to feel what love is actually like again but I can't really even make friends with people.  I haven't made more than a friend or two in college, and I'm graduating in a few months. There's a girl in my class that I'm interested in, and it feels like she's my last chance.  If I can't get a girlfriend in college, why should I expect to get one outside of college?  This is the easiest it's going to be, and I've failed.  She seems like she's interested in me sometimes, but then other times I feel like she couldn't care less.  I can't figure out her personality.  She seems kind of shy, I guess.  I can make her laugh pretty easily and sometimes she'll just randomly turn and look at me and smile.  Other times, like today, she kinda just brushes me off a bit.  Maybe she's playing with me, idk.  When class is over we just walk to our cars together.  We don't talk on the way there, only in class and through text sometimes.  She gets in her car, waves goodbye to me, and then I get in my car and leave.  Maybe I should grow the balls to say something, but what the fuck am I gonna say?

I used to enjoy being the bad guy, but not anymore.  I just want friends and someone to keep me company.  Someone to get me out of the house and do shit with.  I want someone to love, but at the same time, I feel like I'd never be able to keep anyone.  Maybe that's why I never make a move.  How am I going to keep her happy?  I have no experience and don't do/like anything that normal couples would like.  My humor is dark and most people don't like it.  I'm an introvert so that doesn't help either.  I've been trying to be positive, happy, and smiley around this girl, but even today some other girl in the class pointed out how I'm always making jokes about killing myself.  Really nice of her. We all sit next to each other.  The girl I'm into then seemed to pull back a bit.  I don't even have to dig my grave anymore.  Other people have me figured out and they'll do it for me.