Runs in the family?I doubt anyone will sit and read all of this but I am at my last straw here.

I've tried to kill myself twice. The first time I woke up and it didn't work, but nobody found out because I was alone in an abandened house so I never told my parents or anyone really.

5 years later I tried again and was almost successful but a friend found me and I was sent to a hospital and then an aftercare program where I found out I have borderline personality disorder. The diagnosis made sense and my therapist kind of pinned it back to my alcoholic mother and growing up around that caused my severe abandonment issues.

So I did okay in therapy for a while but was still stuck living with my mom and then my therapist moved away and my DBT (dialectical behavioral therapy, specially for people with bpd) therapy kind of abruptly ended and I never went back. I ended up becoming a heavy addict and had drug problems for the next year and a half before I kind of got my shit together and was doing okay again.

Then I met this guy and fell in love and spent 2 and a half years with him. I had been in love before, but never like this. I never saw myself getting married and spending my whole life with someone until I met him. 2 and a half weeks ago we rode his motorcycle out to California and went to the beach and saw my family that lives there. Then he dumped me.

He was all I had when I found my mom cheating on my dad 6 months ago. I confronted her and she responded by trying to kill herself. Nobody knew where she was. I had to tell my dad the "secret" I found out because I told her if she didn't tell him herself I would. Well she obviously didn't and went and got a hotel somewhere. 

My sister and dad didn't know what else to do but I kept telling my sister I knew she was overdosed in a hotel room because I have so many times thought of doing the same thing next time I try because that way nobody will find me this time. But I drove around from the hours of 3 am to 6 am, around every hotel parking lot in the nearest 10 miles of our house and then I fucking found her car. 

She was almost dead. Fast forward in time she divorces my dad because I guess the real reason for her attempt was she was unhappy in her marriage. So now I live with my drunk dad who comes home angry every night and is yelling and throwing shit everywhere and cursing her name. The main support in my life was my boyfriend and he told me my bpd and mood swings have pushed him away too far and he does love me and miss me and wish the best for me but never ever wants to be with me again. Awesome.

So I've started some therapy but sometimes I just feel like it's never going to get better. I don't have a relationship with my mom. She still drinks and now pops pills and is dating some weird guy she dated in the mental hospital. I'm literally listening to my dad yell and slam shit around in the room over from me and my anxiety is through the roof. 

All I do is go to work and when I get off I sit at the bar and drink so I don't have to come home. I have turned into exactly what I hate the most about both of my parents. I will never amount to anything, I can't afford to go to school because I'm too busy paying for therapy and an over priced car every month. I can't even afford to live in my own place and I almost dream of that more than school. Just being away from all the anger.

I have awesome friends and I would hate to think about leaving them alone in this world but I know they would be fine. They all have their lives together and I do feel like they get tired of listening to me whine and complain about my life so much that it even furthers my thoughts into wanting to die.

I think about my dad and how it would crush him, but I'm so angry with him right now it's easy to over look that. I think about my sister and my niece and how it would break their hearts. But I think my sister has always known it was coming with me. It runs in the family. 

I'm just tired. I'm tired of waking up and living for nothing. I'm tired of being sad and thinking about my ex and how much I miss him and not understanding our breakup. I'm tired of my mom being completely absent from my life and not having one and being resentful of her for ruining my entire fucking life before I even had a chance to start it. I'm tired of my dad yelling and being angry and drunk and coming home to it every single fucking night. I'm tired of trying to reach out to friends and everyone is too fucking busy to hang out with me. I'm a loser, and I'm depressed and I see no point in continuing to live in this world and do the same fucking routine every single day because I literally have no other choice. What the fuck else can I do?

I come home every night and my dad carelessly leaves a gun on the same spot, on the same table, every night. And I just stare at it somestimes and think about getting in my car and driving far as fuck into the desert. 

At this point, I see no reason why not. And after tonight and how fucking depressed I feel, I just see no other way out at this point. I realize there are people who have it way worse than me and choose to continue their lives and I envy the fuck out of them for being so strong because I certainly am not. When there's nothing left to live for in your life, why keep doing it?