This is the last straw. And holy fuck it's quite a straw.Posted in /r/offmychest, but this sub is much more appropriate at this point. 

You. You were the most incredible person I've ever had the pleasure of dating. Hell, I was gonna marry you once you finished grad school. But then you confessed to me that you've been fucking your music theory professor behind my back for the last 6 months, and are now leaving me for him. Who does that? I thought better of you. 

I don't know. I'm still processing this honestly. I'm half drunk and reeling with shock over the whole thing. Like you not only were fucking him, but based on stuff you told me yesterday, you literally fucked him within an hour of fucking me on multiple occasions. That's fucked up. Very fucked up. I fucking hate you. I have already been fucked over by too many people in the last year. How could you do this to me?

I'm sorry I'm not as rich as him or as tall as him or as talented as him and I'm sorry I drive a Ford Explorer and not a Benz like him. What the fuck you cunt, why would you do something like this? We had what seemed like an amazing relationship for two and a half fucking years and I was always faithful and committed and active in that relationship no matter what. I just don't understand how you could have the fucking gall to do something like this. I don't even know what to do with myself. 

Fuck you. You and your adorable smile and your beautiful dark Italian hair and your gorgeous singing voice and your quirky sense of humor and your 11/10 ass that you know I was crazy about and that sparkle in your eyes when you laughed. I was a complete idiot to think I could hang on to someone that perfect, I guess. Things like this have happened with far too many people in my life. I can't trust anyone anymore. I don't want to live anymore. I've been fucked over by someone I love for the last time. I have no real friends left in my life. I can't take any more of this. I just can't. 

I'm done trying to swim through all the shit life has buried me in. I hope you're happy. I hope every other person that has treated me this way is happy. 

Wait no. No I don't. I hope every last one of you horrible people drowns in a sewer.

Bye. 