So Tired
i don't want to hurt myself, or die, really. I'm just so tired of trying to justify another day. So tired, knowing little or nothing will change, waiting for something to break.
A little backstory, so you might understand a little of where I'm coming from. At least to get it off my chest, since I don't really have anyone to talk to. 
I'm chronically homeless. If you don't know what that means, basically it's homelessness, or bouts of homelessness, that continue for years, usually due to mental or physical health issues, and/or addiction. I suffer mostly from the mental health aspect. Persistent severe depression, anxiety and PTSD. These things make it difficult for me to find work that I can handle, and keep. I'm finally getting some of the help needed, but its still pretty rocky. I forget to take my meds, and the homeless shelter pretty much renders most of my coping mechanisms worthless.
I'm currently waiting to hear back from a local training and rehabilitation center that will hopefully help me learn the skills I need to...just cope, and be a vaguely productive human being. They could call me tomorrow with an opening to get evaluated, or it could be months before I get an appointment. I'm also working with a few temp agencies nearby to try and find part time work that works with my mental barriers. Again, that could be tomorrow, or months.
To make things worse, I'm putting up my wonderful baby girl, the one reason that ept me out of this very same mental state, because I can't care for her the way that she deserves. I miss her so badly, but my mental health has gotten so bad that I can barely take care of myself, much less a child. There's a good chance I won't get to see her very much, or at all, once the adoption goes through.

I always have suicide ideation. It's just one of the constants of my life now. Usually I can brush them off, but tonight...I'm so tired of trying to convince myself that life is worth living. To just make it through one more day. I don't want to die.

Please, please, tell me why I should keep trudging forward. Please help find the strength for one more day.