I am going to killing myself tomorrow-I liked a girl who I bullied when I was really young who left the school because of me and turned back up in my freshman chem class in college I desperately wanted to talk to her but couldn't find the words obviously, over the following few years I spent my time working out the forecast model below forgoing college more and more until I just left to go into warehousing probably for the next 50-60 years all to prove that eventually she will not have the option to not ask ME out anyways... For what its worth though I think I do truly love her ( and I don't regret it, not, one, bit ). I will nick my neck in the bathtub while scrolling through landscapes on deviant art.(ideally I would also have 3 large backlight wall signs a stop sign directly to my left ear and a go sign to my right and a slow strobe smiley face slightly raised in front of me at night with the lights off I'm going to check Spencer's Gift shop tomorrow but its not a big deal)

... Anyways its what life is and if you don't care to read it don't bother commenting. I can tell...that's all.

Everything is from dark matter... dark matter lies quantumly with the act of conveying a zero perception... E=mc2 and we are inbred light babies.(sarcasm) m (+ or - )=E/c2 complexing prior via gravity created by a black hole from a (+ or -) star and any electromagnetic waves aka E trapped inside upon collapse. Extrapolation from recent discovery which claims matter can be made from light...I abstracted the following.

Black holes arn't compactors. There are infinetly many "event horizons" and on each level of matter, matter is broken down based on the historic events that took place between a previous event horizon.(quantum entanglement from outside) This process takes the complexes of what had been broken down atomicly to create the shape of what we call a universe. For every event horizon passed, more "parallel" events form, happening "relatively" quickly, on the whole, over the course of taking the "fading" events place. As we can percieve relatively only 1 dimensional idea of self, now, by crossing the event horizon it will multiply in the sense our body will cover more space disjointly so that at least a zero dimensional body of me is possible, say a single planet which is capable of sustaining life...maybe(more wishful thinking...anyways_ ), to galaxy, ratio, respectively to the complete waveforms transcribed on all past parts me and only me...The distance between 2 different "points", you and me, should stay "relatively" fixed to an all but absolute extent.So basically though from this perspective things travel in a straight line funneling down to a point, on that line, the relative way in which it quantifies to us is infinite expansion.why time is theorized to "stop". Basically electromagnetic waves pass through and also into either the matter or antimatter gas cloud of a new forming star one which will (along with its own electromagnetic waves) produce a black hole which then produces a more complex universe (it is because of the excess of either + or - matter the new universe would possess continuic properties, or an evolved form, rather than parallel properties. furthermore the dynamics of the evolution, "rather fluid", of a single celled organism continuously over the course of billions of years to point of me also technically indicates that this would therefore be a 4 dimensional singular conscious being as well, aka it (not the clown) could be more plant.. buut probably not(sarcasm...god is not with us all god is us all). Starting from spectral electromagnetic radiation produced by galactic rotations and stars (helical), acting on the earth like a speaker acting on non-Newtonian fluid pulling up the first structure of a cell filling it simultaneously in with increasingly complex helical structures, also the first instance of gender, a quantum state which is reciprocated in sexual and non-sexual reproduction, luffing off into sub cellular division. this over billions of years. The minute electromagnetic pull, after death, on the dna moving things slowly into place for a fluid movement of me resulting in a perfectly perpendicular of matter to the last point of "production", a now "zero dimensional" explosive sum, a fertilized egg in this case. (sort of like how earths electromagnetic field moves the hands of a compass). Though the electromagnetic plane waves (when an electromagnetic field decomposes...what it decomposes into...basically sheet version of the field) will be included into the formation of many different stars which will eventually form black holes the first one to produce a new universe should be the one you "phase" in, the rest parallels and essentially first-time existences... any point after the "zero dimension" phase (fertilized egg) mutation occurs unique electromagnetic field results corresponding to the new surrounding...MORE COMPLEX...universe...(physicists call them parallel...and are wrong) and all of this may take several blackhole phases to occur depending on how evolved...encompassing, you were. But probably wont concern any of us for a while..."yawn"...Anyways, eventually the amnesia will subside as we evolve. I wonder how long it will take for the collection of someone’s lifetime of moments, evolving harmonically, to turn parallel to each other and progress as one single happening. Forming a new color via infinite reflection on a point of relative infinity given the inverse square law…? also based on the nature of the first cellular sexual reproduction gender should flip as a result of the cell that was consumed now being programed to attack the consumer...which is a definitive physical event shared between the two...being partially consumed first that is. the original consumer will be working out how to keep from dying via genetic recombination and splitting into its off springs. essentially what this could mean for us is that our cells sexually reproduce and essentially causing us to asexually reproduce in place on top of also being able to sexually reproduce with other "people". essentially immortality. Basically it is a compounding evolutionary function, life.

Conclusion: Therefore everything perceived present is not and therefore isn't. Yielding only the concept zero to exist as zero and arguably equal to everything as well as nothing: given the definition applies to disjoint infinite continuity. 

but infinitely slower than this was presented by nature.

 
exotic patterns ...happily

ZaZa
