I don't want people to feel bad for me. I just want my pain to end.I am currently suffering with borderline personality disorder and having most of the traits of it is tearing me apart. I currently deal with fear of abandonment, a very painful lonely feeling, anger outbursts when I'm not even mad, fear of people plotting against me and wanting to cause me harm, pushing others away even though I try not to, and many many suicidal thoughts.

I do not self harm currently but I can't handle being and feeling alone like I am right now. I just want to find a way to make it end and I think I know how now. I don't want to be saved anymore, helping me keep going has just mad it harder and more painful for me. If I could get a doctor to prescribe me medication that would kill me I would.

I'm tired of hurting others when I don't want to and I cause pain when I try to help people. I feel so left out of everyone's "friend circle" and I feel like the pain of pushing others away and being afraid will never go away. I want this suffering to end and I have felt this way since I was 5. People have harassed me and made fun of me all my life and I can't handle the loneliness that I have dealt with for the past 7 years. 

I do not want people to feel sorry for me or feel guilty or ask why they can't help. I really just want to die so I can stop feeling this unbearable amount of pain. I have firearms and I would use those to end my life but it's literally not that easy. It takes a lot to point a gun at yourself and shoot yourself. I am not saying people should do that and I want the people capable of getting help to get help but I feel like I am terminally ill. I have very little to no social skills and I am cheery and happy for a while before I end up depressed and lonely again.

This has been happening for over half of my whole life and I just want the pain to end. I hate where the world is going and the fact we still have people wanting transgender people to die and gay people being killed for no other reason than they are trying to be happy. I am tired of how poverty is so common in the US and the fact that we DO have the resources and ability to fix it, we just won't.

I hate feeling lonely and knowing that some people, not all are really plotting to hurt me and being afraid of every single person I talk to thinking I did something to hurt them and wondering why they won't talk to me even though I just want to be nice.