I'm finally ready to do it, but don't know when the right time is.I don't really do this sort of thing and I don't really know why I'm typing this out here. I guess I'm just really tired and just want to get some advice on what other anonymous people think. 

I'm a 26 years old male and I'm gay. I've always been super self conscious of myself with really low self esteem and always scared that I'm bothering people in some way or another even when they say it's okay. I'm the type of person who will just say sorry for just about anything cause I feel like I'm always doing something wrong even if it isn't my fault. I've had boyfriends in the past and people would say said I'm "cute" or "good looking" but it's hard to actually believe that when I can't maintain a long term relationship. I'm the type of person who breaks down easy and blame myself. I try my best to appease others even at my own cost, but it just seems like people don't really care for that. I guess I'm what you would call a little puppy or a bitch boy. I just want to give my all to someone I really love and care about but I guess people are too scared for that these days and it's apparently sickening to care for someone and give my all to them. I've gone through school and worked and I guess I could say that I was pretty decent at my job, but I would always have a hard time staying at the job because I would become super unstable and stop working.

I've been going through this cycle for over 7 years where I think I have what I want and have the motivation to work and try to create a life with another person, then crash and burn into nothing. I've been destroyed so many times over and over again that it just makes me that I'm just a terrible person and in the end I just don't deserve what I want and I'm just not meant to have it. I'm so tired of doing this over and over again and I hate the feeling of being completely crushed despite your best efforts and commitment and feeling you're just inferior and not good enough. I look at myself and know that I'm not getting any younger, but everyone else is getting way ahead of me. I'm still living at home with my parents who pretends to care about my situation but realistically they're still projecting what they want and what they think a normal person should be like and should be doing.

I used to have a few real life friends but I don't anymore. I only talk a few friends that I met online through games. I used to love playing video games all the time, but these days, I don't even have the motivation to do that. I just sit at the computer and stare at the monitor, hoping that something will happen and take me out of this state. But I know the dark reality is that no one is going to sweep me off my feet and save me like all the romantic movies/animes that I watch all the time. I'm too tired to keep trying and I finally feel that I'm really ready to do it.

I looked into so many ways to do it and found that the method that Final Exit Network uses: easy, simple to acquire and painless. I just don't know when I should do it. One of my friends that I talk to alot understands why I want to end my life and accepts it. I told my cousin who I really love and feel that she is my only real family about this and she got really upset. I love her very much but I never told her the truth about my life and how I really felt. I regret telling her about my plans because she got really upset and wants me to move in with her. I made a promise to her that I wouldn't do anything to myself until September and move in with her into her new house, but I feel like I'm deceiving her because I made that promise just to ease her mind.

I know I'm doing something really selfish when I go through with this, but I'm just so exhausted. I'm broken from thinking I had a bright future and completely torn asunder from knowing that I'm meant to stay this way for the rest of my life. It doesn't matter that people care for me because in the end, I know I'll still be crippled by this empty void of not having what I truly want and knowing that I'll never have it. I don't know what I did to really deserve this, but I do know I just want to stop feeling this way and to just stop. i don't know what's on the other side, but I know it's better than feeling this way all the time and giving myself false hope, only to feel the pang of complete and utter disappointment and failure.