Not Sure What To Do - Feel Like Burden to FriendsHi, I don't really know where to go with this or start it, and I'm pretty level headed right now, but I know that won't last for long. I'll constantly shift from wanting to kill myself to really happy and easily excitable. I feel like I come off as a drama queen and that I'm just being melodramatic, but when I do reach those lows, I really do just feel nothing but unbearable emotional agony. I've almost killed myself 3 times now, but each time I'm about to send out the suicide note, I break down in tears and can't do it. The 3rd time, I didn't even shed a tear and felt hollow, so I was worried that I've become desensitized to it since I think about it in detail almost daily for the past month, and after talking to my friend about it, I finally broke down and didn't go through with it. He convinced me to finally throw away the noose I've been holding onto for 2 months and I thought I was done with it.

Now, instead, I feel even more pressured and nervous because I don't have my guaranteed easy way out anymore. I'm afraid I might turn to less clean methods if I get bad enough and botch it, feeling nothing but pain for a long time before dying, or not even dying at all and being crippled and in pain for the rest of my life. I cannot afford help. I cannot afford the medical bills if the police forces me to stay in a hospital against my will. That'd just cause me to finally go through with it as my life would be over after the bill, as my insurance is one of those rip-off plans to not get fined more than how much you're putting in as premium with a crazy high and unreasonable deductible that I'd be homeless from the expenses if I actually was unfortunate enough to hit it. Last night, I had such a meticulously planned method, the only thing stopping me was a reason to need rope that was chill and wouldn't raise suspicion. The way I approach it is just so cold, empty, and calculated that it's kinda' unsettling. It's not this passionate and irrational need to kill myself like when I hit my absolute lows where I'm laying in bed and sobbing uncontrollably. I have those moments but then I'll just sit there for, like, 15-30 minutes just planning it out. I feel like I *need* to kill myself at this point.

The problem is that all of my friends care so much about me. Like I'm insanely lucky with how thoughtful and caring my friends are. Even my ex-girlfriend still cares deeply about me as a friend. After I made the mistake of coming to her after the first time I almost went through with it, I went quiet for 2 days over Discord and she called me while I was at work just to make sure that I was okay. Two or days ago, she was sitting in a hospital on the other side of the world and about to go under for her sexual reassignment surgery, something she had been wanting her entire life. Something that she saved up and slaved over for the past 5 years, the entire time she's ever worked. Despite all that, she took time out of her day to worry about me. Asking me if I was okay, and telling me bullshit when I told her I was fine. She knew me way too well. I couldn't bare to ruin her moment and didn't tell her what was up. And she's not the only one. My two closest friends who I talk to daily are both going through a lot.

One of them has Addison's Disease and is constantly in a lot of pain, always sickly and always tired. She needs 10 hours of sleep a day to not feel exhausted, and that's not a guarantee. The other is a friend of the first's, who is going through a lot right now. She doesn't talk about her personal life a lot, and is generally really withdrawn about her life, but what little I could piece together, she's really ill as well and is also having a very rough life that puts my borderline poverty to shame. And those two still worry about me. They comfort me when I'm upset and are the most understanding people on the planet and they both make me happy when they're around. Both of them are online though. All of my friends are actually. I have acquaintance coworkers who are pleasant, but no close friends. Either way, I feel selfish for going to them when I'm upset. They both encourage me to great success and I feel blessed to have them as friends, but then here lies the issue: I feel like they are a burden.

All of my friends actually. Despite being transgendered just like my friend who I used to date, they are all so supportive and treat me like a woman in ways I don't get in person, despite knowing. They understand that my mood is all over the place because of all the estrodiol flowing through me daily (I was at 100 pg/mL before getting increased by 50%). One of them even compared me to a moody teenage girl. But despite all of the support they give me, I feel burdened by them. After the 2nd time, I couldn't bear to give them a suicide note, so I instead left the Discord group with only us 3 in it (me, the one with Addison's, and the one who doesn't speak about her personal life) as well as all of the servers we were in together. I then uninstalled Discord on my phone and computer, hoping to just sever my ties with them and never burden them again. I started to feel worried about upsetting them, and reinstalled it on my phone a few hours later, to find that one of them had messaged me asking if I was okay, and that was the first I told her I was suicidal. She comforted me and I felt myself settle down (those two are really good at knowing exactly what I want to hear to calm down and feel happier), and the other reinvited me to everything after she woke up. The first had also told the second that I was suicidal so now they both know.

But here's the part with them burdening me. The 2nd told me to never leave because she'd miss me dearly. It made me feel loved, but at the same time, it made me feel that I was obligated to stick around for their sake. I care about them both deeply. They're my two closest friends in the entire world. I honestly even think I'm falling in love with one of them, but I know it'd be a mistake and don't pursue it. I'm also sure she's already taken, as someone as sweet as her cannot be single unless she wants to be (and if she wanted to be, then she wouldn't change that for me). Either way, the last thing she needs is me bringing her down more than I already do. It's not like I want to be away from them. I just...I feel like they don't realize how much happier they'd be without me, since all I do is bring them down when I'm upset almost fucking daily. They refuse to accept that I'm fucking toxic to their happiness and well being with how upset I get when I come to and confide in them. Sure, we all have fun together during my highs and whenever they're active and I get to talk to them, but I highly doubt I'm that enjoyable to be around that it's worth the emotional pain I put them through whenever I'm sad.

I didn't leave any servers just now, but I did uninstall Discord again. I know I'll be clawing at the thought of reinstalling it when I level out again and stop being in the dumps. I just know that I'll keep the vicious cycle of being depressed around them up, but I'm worried that they'll worry about me. That it'll upset them, and I care too much about them and all of my friends to put them through something like that. They all know I'm suicidal because I made the mistake of telling them, and they'll think I killed myself. That's why I'm so torn. I feel like I'm not in control anymore. That I have to stay happy for them. I have to keep in contact with them for them. I have to stay alive for them. I just don't know what to do. Sorry if my thoughts are all over the place. I don't want to worry them, but I don't want to upset them when I'm sad.