Cross post from abuse survivors.Hi there, to whomever is willing to listen/read what i've written, thank you.

Have never really tried to coalesce my thoughts/feelings regarding my childhood abuse through writing before. I have touched the peripheries of my childhood experiences via other methods but never tried to fully express all my inner feelings in this domain before. I've had a few addictions in the past and have felt that writing helps dramatically with this problem. I will try to cut the chase. Would really love some insight, as I said, i've never really admitted to myself fully what happened in my childhood. Perhaps, this repression has caused a disturbance in my subconscious. I'm sorry if this story is long.

My story begins as a baby. I have no recollection or memory of living with either of my parents. Both my mother and father were divorced before I can remember. I was effectively born in to a broken family. Neither of my parents took the divorce particularly well. My sister was a teenager at the time and she started to go down hill in life not long after (teen pregnancy about age seventeen, skipping high school to go around with bus drivers, etc.)

I lived with my grandmother from a baby until I was fifteen. I was kicked out by her then and went to live with my older sister (she is twelve years older than me). That household was toxic. I lived with an alcoholic and drug user (who was my sisters boyfriend). 

My grandmother kicked me out because I was skipping school, getting in trouble at school for other reasons and she thought I was selling cigarettes, and she new I smoked. I also smoked weed quite often at that time and was underage drinking. I thought I was going back to live with my mother. Well that is what she maintains was the case. Never bothering to ring my mother to check up on me. Years went by and I think she tricked herself and wanted to believe that my mother had taken me in. But she hadn't. I never lived a day with her after that. By the way she died in December 2012. Perhaps this grief kickstarted this process of coming to terms with our relationship. One of the main purposes of this post, I guess

The reason why my parents left me to be raised by my grandmother was because my parents didn't want to sacrifice lost income from their jobs. Both my parents had fairly decent jobs at the time. My father was a microbiologist lab manager and my mother was a nurse in a respectable hospital. 

My grandmother, therefore, effectively raised me on her own. I saw my father every other day for a few hours and my mother about once a week during my childhood on Sundays for one hour. It was always only one hour. And always Sunday. This pattern of child–parent interaction repeated itself until I was about eighteen. So, basically, this was how it was from my earliest memory of my parents until an I became an adultescent. 

Life with my grandmother was tough. As she "had" to leave her job to look after me as she did with my sister. She took on this burden extremely heavily and personally. I told her not long ago about my grandparents on my father's side. The grandmother that raised me is on my mother's side. My only first cousins on my dad's side told me very recently that my grandfather sexually molested one them. She was also molested by her biological father (my aunty's ex-husband) to make matters much worse. That's an aside. 

Consequently, my grandparents on my father's side couldn't look after me, and I don't think that my father would have expected this of them. As I said my grandfather on my father's side was a monster. So it's probably lucky that did not occur. Both were dead before I was born. But my grandmother left work to look after my sister. Setting a precedent to look after me. 

To give a bit of context, my grandmother on my mother's side is Asian (Malaysian). Still alive (ninety-seven), i'm actually living with her at the moment, as I moved in temporarily while I finished university. I'm in my mid-twenties. My father is anglo-saxon. 

In asian culture, it is a bit different to the west, and sometimes the grandparents will rear the children while the parents go to work. I guess, there is no welfare state there, so there is not much choice. My grandmother and grandfather moved over to where I live in Australia from Malaysia quite late in life to support their children (my uncles). My grandmother was in her late sixties. Adjusting to the new Australian culture I am sure was very difficult for her. My grandfather on my mother's side died before I was born. He was a school headmaster in Malaysia and was very strict with my mother and his other children. I found out recently that my uncle used to get beaten with a stick by my grandfather when he was a child. Sure things may have been different then but this still doesn't justify that behaviour. It gives an idea of what his conception of being a good "father" must have been. My grandmother never objected to this treatment. Perhaps why she was so harsh on me. From what I know about her parents they were very strict also. Possibly emotionally/verbally abusive as well. They were poor and without opportunities so there is a high chance my grandmother received a very rough treatment as a child. She got saved by the church who gave her an education as a child. 

Back to my childhood. It was just my grandmother and me in the house. A cousin on my mum's side lived with us for a few years but for the majority of the time it was just my grandmother and me. My strongest memories from the period are her being constantly angry at me. As if I had always done something wrong. She NEVER hugged, kissed, touched me affectionately or showed other physical signs of love. Emotionally she was and still is distant and cold. I know she cares about me but i'm not sure to what extent. She always compares her "successful" children and grandchildren on my mother's side to me. I've fucked-up a lot in life. To be brief – been to court faced going to jail for 2 years but wasn't sent to prison, been in serious physical fights, had drug and alcohol problems, and sex addiction. I've turned my life around now completely. Stopped drugs, rarely drink, trying to be celibate, except if I find a partner that I want to be in a serious relationship with. I've just graduated university, so things are really looking up.

However, memories and experiences from my childhood stick in my mind. I feel i've been wounded emotionally and mentally. Here are some more things that I remember vividly from my childhood. Being emotionally blackmailed by my grandmother. When i'd want to do something simple like go to a friends house overnight, for the first time in months. She'd try to punish me by making me read, after i'd been studying the entire semester. For hours before I was allowed to see my friends. Just made me feel horrible about wanting to see my friends. She was so bitter and cold before I did something like this. Then when I returned from my friend's houses it was the same treatment for a while until she got over it. I refused to be trapped inside and rebelled eventually, sneaking out, etc.  

It was always about study, more-so my lack thereof. It was her way of saying subconsciously, I feel, that I was inadequate. A failure. A burden. A bad child. A bad person. A mistake. I ruined her life. My family on my father's side are nothing but bad and her side of the family are all saints. She is extremely pious to this day and was the same during my childhood. I think this made things worse even if she didn't mention god too much. Me and my dad's family are sinners and devils. Going to hell. It was mainly, as I said, her emotionally withdrawing from me and punishing me, i feel now, looking back, arbitrarily. As a child, HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO KNOW ANY BETTER AND NOT MAKE A MISTAKE? YOU CAN'T! I'm sure many people on his sub can relate to what I mean here.

Before I moved out from my grandmother's house. I must have been about fourteen. This is when, I believe, the worst part of my childhood occurred. I got a bad report at school and was in trouble for skipping class. The school rang my mother and needless to say she was angry. In fact that is a gross understatement. My father and sister come with me to her house that night. It feels like, still to this day, I can only describe it as, years and years of pent up anger directed at me in a borderline psychotic-rage. I was just a child. I didn't do anything that bad either. She proceeded to berate me. What stands out the most is her screaming at me, "YOU FUCKING DIE, YOU FUCKING DIE MATTHEW, YOU SHOULD JUST DIE, YOU STUPID BOY!". Over and over again. What made it worse, is that my father and my sister did nothing. They just stood there and let me "cop it sweet". Probably because they just had experienced the same/similar treatment by and normalised it. I cried afterwards. I remember crying afterwards on my sisters shoulder. I remember being shocked at the time that this event had happened to me. I don't believe things were the same for me after that. 

What I feel culminate within my mother was distress with her broken marriage, my sisters teen pregnancy and "disgracing" the family because she didn't get a university degree or "respectable" job. Years of her self-perceived embarrassment and failure. And then I started to fuck up. Begin the cycle of her shame again.  I mean people get divorced all the time, teen pregnancies occur, and kids get in trouble at school and all the rest but for my mother it wasn't good enough. She always had impeccable high-standards for herself her entire life. Eventually gaining a master's degree in applied science after my parents divorce. 

I felt a lot of hatred from her. I was constantly in fear of getting in trouble by my mother and grandmother my entire childhood. I started using cigarettes, weed, pornography and whatever else I could do to escape this shitty world. My father was pretty alright. Sure he never really manned up to face the situation but he NEVER abused me or carried out any of the dysfunction behaviour experienced at the hands of the family on my mother's side. His lack of guidance caused me to become rebellious as there were no guidelines set. I literally just did whatever I wanted. The consequences, I still bear until today. 

As I mentioned, I lived with my sister from about age fifteen onwards. To make matters much worse, this is how I feel about it, my sister was emotionally and verbally abusive towards me. Not particularly me only, the other low self-esteem individuals in the household bore the brunt of her treatment, as well. Her boyfriend the long-term unemployed drug user, her longest and oldest friend an alcoholic, another socially awkward pervert (found weird porn on his computer - many fetish videos, etc.) and gambling addict, and most importantly her daughter, my niece all received our fair share of abuse. What excuse was there for these adults to keep experiencing this treatment. Extremely low-self confidence, esteem and self-worth, obviously.

If anybody said anything that she didn't agree with, she would basically start yelling and arguing with them until they would cower in fear. That is the only way to describe her exacting process. I witnessed some pretty horrific arguments. The worst was and argument between my sister's boyfriend at the time and my sister. My sister's boyfriend got pretty angry (not sure what the argument was) and accidentally threw some keys in my sister's direction. She kept screaming at him to actually physically hit her or assault her. This must be her low self-esteem issues coming through, but, still, it was an extremely hostile situation. She kept egging him on to physically assault her, and saying she could "handle it" and she would "take him on". It's like she is attracted to these type of destructive relationships (not the first - previous boyfriends acted similarly from what I recall, other boyfriends drug users, already married, mentally unstable, etc.) to keep replaying narratives she holds about herself being unworthy and deserving of punishment.  

I'm not trying to make my family out to being "defective" or "bad" people so that I can emerge as the "good" or "normal" one. I am aware of this process, but I simply would be in denial not expressing my experiences. 

I feel my time with my sister which was from when I was fifteen until about twenty-three (by that time I had long learned to escape emotionally from her shit) caused destruction to my self-esteem, psyche and overall mental health. I'm recalling specifically the first few years with her. They were the worst, because I couldn't deal with her, being still, in my opinion, a minor in my mental capacity. Still a child, really. It's not the fact that these things happened to me then that was traumatic. The trauma spurs from previous emotional abuse and assault from times before from my mother and grandmother. Any emotional abuse whether it was withdrawing attention, emotion, arguments, hostility, overt anger, criticism, belittlement, humiliation, all reopened preexisting wounds from my childhood. The worst part of everything is the constant denial around this, i.e. her actions and actions of my entire family. She plays victim without acknowledging it. What is required is open recognition of these traumatic experiences. They occurred whether she or I like it or not and need to accept these things and learn to heal. 

My sister would constantly berate me for just holding an opinion on the contrary to hers. She is extremely erratic, still to this day, hostile towards disagreement and anybody who holds an argumentative position that is at antagonism to hers. She cannot receive criticism in any way. Even if these things are benign such as cooking advice. Things such as street directions. Things such as conflicting opinions to hers regarding stories in the news. Things such as contrary opinions on an analysis of another person's personality and why they behave a certain way. EVERYTHING you could think of. SHE CAN'T TAKE CRITICISM IN ANY FORM AND LEAST OF ALL EVER FROM ME.

Perhaps this is why I feel a lot of animosity towards her. I appreciate her taking me in when I was fifteen. I really had no place else to go. Living with my mother may have been worse, but I guess i'll never know. I am fairly certain it would have been worse. My father didn't want anything to do with looking after me. I mean, what the fuck, Dad. I did not deserve the treatment she gave me in return. She received money from my mother while looking after me, anyway. My dad would still purchase material goods for me, pay for school fees and the like. 

I felt spending those years living with my sister just kept tearing open my scars from childhood. The depression onset I experienced at 18 resulted in me going off a cliff into disaster. 

It's like every single person in my family either overtly or covertly told me, subconsciously or consciously, that I wasn't good enough. I was/am a bad person. I deserved bad things to happen to me. Getting in trouble at school, with the law, getting in fights, failing at uni, all of these things I DESERVED. 

I understand my family primarily consists of individuals with low-self esteem and hence the motivation for projecting this onto others but it doesn't make it ok that it happened to me. All in all my sister was emotionally, verbally and almost sadistically inclined when taking things out on me. Her work life was shit, she had a dead end job, and is a single mother, her daughter's father could care less about his own daughter and her. I was her mental/emotional punching bag as along with the others in "her" house, that she all too often referred to it as. 

I feel a lot of our differences are unreconcilable. We have an estate situation occurring that makes things worse. No legal recourse either at the moment. The trauma cycle continues. But now I do not stand for her arbitrarily hostile argument. I feel she is emotionally manipulative to get what she wants. Guilt tripping my dad to singing the house over to her and me when he wanted to move away with his partner. 

She wants to "share" everything. Her conception of sharing is one-sided. She wants me to pay for a house where I do not benefit. This is not legal or moral. This is tangental information I know but I feel relevant.

I think I will have minimal contact with her from now into the future. She will never change. She will continue displaying the arbitrary abusive nature she has. She is co-dependent on other's addictions. She has hoarding problems. She keeps latching onto me like one of "her" possessions. She attaches value to possessions as she holds no value in herself. She doesn't value her self, only things. People are just pawns. I've tried to help her many times but she doesn't want the help (helped cleaning, gave her books on psychology, etc.).

She will die early and due to her living unhealthily and chronically stressed. Enough of her influence over me. My dad had the opportunity to leave. But he didn't. If he can't make the decisions for himself that's nobody else's responsibility. I will only ever pay what is legally required. She will try to bully me for the rest of my life. Like she did as when I was a child. I don't want any of it. I will limit contact to when necessary. "Family" what a misnomer for my situation. I hate that this is how it is for me. All the fucked up mentalities and world-view's of my blood but it is better to face the facts than deny what is really going on. 

I also vividly remember being made to cry by my uncle when I was doing mathematics when I was probably about eleven or twelve years old. We talk now, but still. It makes me angry he did that to me. I don't think he spoke to his own children like that. Maybe, but, I can't be certain. I felt the anger was hatred for bringing "shame" to the family just for being born. The bastard child. The black-sheep children (my sister and I).

I was thinking in the last year that perhaps i've never broken out of that shell of thought. Constantly calling myself the bad guy and failure. Struggling with self-esteem issues. Battling extremely bad depression from about eighteen years old. Still get it now but it is much more manageable. I've internalised a narrative, one that brands me as a bad person not worthy of love or affection. 

All my adult romantic relationships have burnt-out in this fashion. I leave the person first before they will leave me. Being abandoned by my parents as a child and then emotionally abused and verbally assaulted by my caregivers as a child really screwed me up. Then the abuse by my sister that ensued after this. I've found it more difficult than I thought that it would be living with my grandmother again. It must be all the past bad memories surfacing again. We clash often. It's hard to tolerate. I just don't say much to her now. That seems to be the best method, sadly. We still talk but it is limited. I know she cares for me still but it is kind of like a hate-poisoned love. That's the best way to describe it.

Things have improved dramatically in my life, though. I feel happier and at peace with all the things that have happened to me. I see them objectively now and don't attached self-blame anymore, like I used to do subconsciously. I was just a child. How was I supposed to know any better. I'm sorry if this is very long, if anybody actually reads this but I felt it was important I get this out. Hopefully it is coherent and lucid. It is not too traumatic bringing up these past memories now because i've learned to work through them. I view them differently. I guess I achieved this through psychoanalysis and CBT techniques. I've only seen a university psychologist worker once for grief counselling. She told me I was coping fine so not to bother with returning to see her. I think this was probably pretty shitty advice, but hey. I feel she based her assessment on how I answered the question about suicide. Which I lied about. She asked, "have you thought about how you would kill yourself," I lied and gave an ambigious "no" response. I have in the past heavily considered suicide. Self-medicating with drugs, alcohol and sex was a way, I feel, of self-harming or self-soothing these childhood wounds I discussed. I did think about killing myself before though at my lowest points and stayed up a few very long, insane nights, on the edge. I guess it is safe to say that music, art, beauty, friendship, knowledge and love saved my life. 

Don't worry I'm not suicidal now. I do think about how I would do it from time to time (very rarely now). But, overall, I am at peace with my life now and want to leave my shitty past behind. My sister is still heavily destroyed by the ghosts of her childhood. She probably had it worse than me maybe. I can't be sure. She has a hoarding problem still. As did my mother. My dad has a gambling problem but seems to be managing better now. I can't change how they live their lives, although, I can provide my emotional support where possible. I do feel better after writing this. Writing this has served the purpose of materialising my thoughts. It was therapeutic. Any comments would be appreciated. 

Sincerely yours,



