After tonight, everything seems so bleek.To nutshell this, because I need to vent so fucking bad. Since 12y.o (now 28) I've dealt with shitty parents. Mom is a total bitch, and that very lightly said, and my dad's a junkie. They separated at 12. Because of my family and other addicts in my family, by 14 heroin was like Skittles. Fast forward to age 24, after years of this, losing a 7 year relationship, I met someone and had a kid with them. Not to get into detail, but my daughter is my light and ray of sunshine, purpose for not harming myself. But because of my upbringing, I've never learned how to deal with emotions. I relapse alot, and I was shunned and kicked out, losing my parental rights, and bieng stuck living with my father at his parents. He's 54 and a deadbeat, eats kpins and slurs around the house bouncing off the walls breaking shit, screaming at his parents and I can't bear to see it anymore. He's nasty to me. Tells me to go chase my kid around. That's my father. Tonight I come home after all week of listening to my grandparents want them out, but can't do it. They've been enabling for too long. So as I walk inside from coming home, my grandfather is walking in also. My father is fucked up on the steps and decides as I'm walking inside, to slam the door on my heels, and I happen to have sandals on. Then continues to press it hard as hell shoving me inside. That was it. I screamed at him, telling him how worthless he is as a father and how disrespectful he is to his own parents while they let him act this way daily living off of them fully. I walk into the kitchen shaking. At this point I tell my grandparents that I am going to leave and sleep at the rest stop (my go to) because I don't want to cause problems. As I walk out the front door, grandpa in tow, my father decides to call me a pussy and blurt out something alongs the lines of me yet again chasing my kid, I'm a fuck up yadda yadda, I couldn't do it. I tried so hard to walk away. But it hurt. And I turned around. He shoved me once, I kept calm, saying don't fucking touch me anymore, boom again shoves my chest and I stumble. Now I'm thinking, am I going to hit my father?! He cocks back and swings the sloppiest hook and I duck it. He then slams his body Into mine and basically I fall into my back him on top of me. I'm 125lbs soaking wet, he's around 210. Beer belly bitch ass motherfucker. He tries to hit me while on top of me and I fully decided. This is where I let go. I fucking ripped him off me and got on top of him, I swung. I fucking nailed that MF. Right on the button. He kind of gets wonky and goes to kick me in the face as he tries and get up. Instead of u leashing on him, my conscious kicks in. I bitch slap the shit out of him and walk away. He's beligerent. Saying all types of stuff, my grandfather is in the middle of us and I feel so low and disgusting at this point I tell him, I'm okay and I have to leave now. Driving to the rest stop my emotions kick in finally as the adrenaline wears off. I am unwanted, I have zero friends, I've been backstabbed, my family misunderstands me, and makes me to be the bad guy always. That was my last place to stay. And I'll ive been doing lately is staying to myself, on my medication (subs) and doing self help and keeping positive. But it seems ppl close to me don't want that. Thanks for letting me vent. I feel lost, hopeless, worthless, and sometimes wonder if my daughter evens needs me in her life. I'm ha going on by a thread and that's almost a pun. Life is so hard. I'm 28 I couldn't do another year of this. Because everyday is becoming more and more bleek.