I am an awful friendI have a friend at school, always been there for me and one of the reasons I'm still alive. But I've done some awful things that she doesn't know about. I want to tell her but I'm afraid it's going to crush her more than it does to me. She's had some friends in the past who betrayed her and I'm one of her only friends and I just feel so awful that I want to die. There was one incidence that I won't go into detail, but basically she made a mistake that she still feels guilty for and I mentioned it to someone because I was very upset and needed to talk about it with someone because I didn't know what to do. That person ended up cutting that friendship and my friend was a mess for couple months. I didn't know she was going to react that way, I was too emotionally upset to think rationally. Another incidence was when my friend was applying for jobs and she happened to apply to my store. I felt like if we worked together we would get nothing done so I recommended against hiring her. She ended up getting a job a couple months after that she liked better, but I still feel guilty because I knew she was trying really hard to get a job and kept getting rejections. 

And then finally this happened yesterday. She's been seeing a counselor on campus and she was actually the one who referred me when I was having a really bad time. She's been really supportive even when I was suicidal just after the quarantine started and always tells me that I can come live with them if I need to. So the counselor she's been seeing is an intern and she's leaving because it's end of the school year. She said she would connect her with my counselor, who's a great person and has helped me a lot. He wanted to make sure I was fine with it and I said I was fine at first. But I don't entirely feel comfortable now not because I have anything negative to say about her but because I feel like I need to keep some things separate. We live together on campus and even work same campus jobs so I just need some space even if it's not a physical one. And I just feel horrible for doing this to her because he's a great counselor and I want her to get the help she needs. 

She's always been there for me and gives me unconditional love but I feel like I'm betraying her over and over again. I love her, she's like a family I've never had with all the childhood abuse but my gut feeling keeps telling me I need to do this. I've emailed him but now I feel really awful and just want to die so that I can get away from this mess and not care about anything.