Down, up, and back down againIt's been a while since I've posted, sorry, it may be a little long

My life has always been similar to Kurt Cobain, not exact but I could really relate a great deal. I had stomach problems, I used drugs to cope, I'm bipolar, I love his music. He was sort of my idol for a while. Just a lot of things (which I can't really remember right now). And I turned 27 last year, which was a year I thought I would die (ever since a teen). I'm amazed I made it this far. But will I really reach 28?

Loneliness was the worst for me, I hated it so much. And yet, I stopped myself many times from getting into relationships. Being bipolar, it's hard to find someone that really understands, or could understand. It's not something I like to bring up and have people know unless I'm going to get involved with them. It was the loneliness that always brought the suicidal thoughts. 

Last year, I met someone after being 8 years single. She's fun, understanding, cool. The last year we had a good time, there were bad moments but a lot of good ones too. She understood me, more than most people. She also loved kurt cobain and I think that was part of why she liked me. She pushed me to get meds and help myself a bit more than I did when I was just alone. And the meds help, but too many meds and I dont feel like myself, I get really numb in emotion and cant express myself.

A few weeks ago I would have said everything was great. But a week after our anniversary, I had a dream where she said she cheated on me. Which is weird because I never really dream about that, and it was oddly specific. I texted her that morning and she called me a few hours later saying she did kiss her ex last night. Which kind of crushed my world. I went into a spiral and i'm still kind of in it. Not as bad, but i'm not sure where to go from here. I'm just trying to figure out what she actually did, is she lying, is she afraid of losing me. And it hurts. She says it was just a kiss, but how can I trust what she says when she said she would never do that. If i didn't have meds, i'm not sure i would be talking to you guys right now.

But, even with the meds, Im still not 100%, and I never will be. I'm resistant to therapy, I don't have time and I dont like the idea. My mind just changes whenever it wants, and some days im better, and some days im worst. The last few days it's been worst, and i'm still figuring out what to do. We're still together but i'm not sure i can ever trust her the same again. It hurts because she was cheated on before, and she said she would never do that to me, yet she did. Maybe she did fuck him, maybe not. It's painful to just think about it.

I just feel lost, and i'm not sure ill ever feel like i did before. It feels like people always take advantage of me. And I hate it. I hate life so much sometimes. I hate doing the same thing over and over. I never have money to do anything. I never have energy to go out when im depressed. im so used to the feeling of depression, when it goes away it feels like a big part of me is gone. Im just losing the grip I had to this world. I have nothing left here, or so it seems. I've done more than most people and im only 27. I dont feel like it will get any better anytime soon. It'll just be the same thing from year after year, maybe even worse since im getting older. It feels like living in hell. I had one decent year after 9+ years of depression and now it's even worse than when I was lonely, because the person I love betrayed my trust. And maybe I can forgive, but it wont be the same. Every time I'm alone, the thought comes back into my head, and it constantly pokes at my mind. Relationships have always been like this for me, I'm either super lonely, or somehow something happens, even though i give it my all. I'm not really a good bf, i sometimes need a lot of support. and it drains people, which is why i avoided them. 

Sorry for the long post, I just needed to let it out. I'm not sure where i'll go from here, but hopefully I'll figure something out...