I’m just sick of it.I’d like to say I’ve been dealing with a lot, what with the car accident, and two midterms from taking 9 credit hours of courses in the summer, to trying to expand my nothingness that is a social life. It’s just that I’m not looking for friends necessarily, I mean friends are cool and stuff, but I’m much more interested in something more intimate (if I can be immodest, it’s someone I can have sex with, someone I can try sexual fantasies with), and I’m not going to lie to you, the sex part is a mandatory thing for me, I appreciate everything else, but I’m not majorly affected by not having anniversaries, or not going on dates weekly, if she wants to that’s cool, but we have to have sex at a reasonable time, which to me is about 2-3 weeks, or right now, but nobody seems to like hookups. Now this wouldn’t be all that bad, but this seems to put me in incel land or niceguy land, and by god you don’t ever want to be compared to that, but I’m serious when I say it’s the sex, she could say we should stay friends but with benefits and I would be perfectly fine with that. I’ve flipped out on them, and I always acted like it was no big deal that they said no, I’ve worked up the courage to talk to them so many times, so why isn’t this girl interested? Why does this other girl only date black guys? Why was I stood up at prom? How is a college girl not looking for a relationship? I thought college was like sex mania or something. Why did this girl have to be gay? I was so happy 2 days ago, when my brother told me there were girls who thought I was cute and wanted to set something up, so I gave him my number to give to them. Why would they text me at 3 am and then ghost me? Well, I’m getting tired of this shit, pardon my language, and I don’t want to be around to see history repeat itself, this is a vital part of my development, and celibacy is a sacrifice I am not willing to make in this life. I have no money for hookers or premium porn, and no connections for hookups, I hate bars and clubs, and that entire lifestyle in general, but the one thing I can’t stand seeing right now is other relationships, again, I’m getting a little heavy worded here, fuck every single person in a relationship who shows it off all the fucking time, I don’t want to see that. Well anyways, that’s it, I just want to not feel this way anymore, and as long as I’m alive, I’m gonna feel this way, so...