I just see no other options.I'll try to keep this brief because it's a long story but here's how I've got to where I am right now.  
  
So, I grew up hating myself, I'm gay and I was relentless bullied and beaten at school and whilst I feel that I've accepted my sexuality as an adult, the effect that it had on me was a devastating one. I've always had tendencies towards being self-destructive and depressed but I managed to keep this all pretty much under control until my mid-twenties. I think I was always seeking validation from others mainly because I hated myself. Even though I'm completely aware of how damaging it can be, I couldn't help myself to go down that path.  
  
As a result I ended up involved in chemsex, doing drugs, partying and having sex with countless people which sounds like fun but actually, it's just a very sad life. It's a quick way to forget how much you hate yourself while also destroying everything that's good in your life for a very fleeting pleasure. This spiralled out of control and I was even raped on two occasions which just honestly messed up my mental health even more. I was heavily addicted to meth and all sorts of other drugs and soon I became agoraphobic and seriously depressed.  
  
About 2 years ago, I tried to kill myself but I was discovered and survived. I was found by the police (a friend had called them when they couldn't get into my flat). The police found me with all my drugs and they were confiscated. I ended up getting help and I moved in with my gran who looked after me. I have been clean of drugs for 2 years now.  
  
This past all still haunts me and I feel like I'm basically suffering with PTSD from the abuse and everything else that happened but worse yet, the police have been in touch fairly recently after having taken 2 years to test all my drugs they confiscated and are prosecuting me - it's likely that I will be going to jail.  
  
I just won't survive there. I'm really not the sort of person that's strong enough to cope with prison and I feel like I have no other choice but to end it all now before I'm imprisoned. I can't risk potentially not going to jail because by that time, I won't be able to do anything about it.  
  
I'm sorry for the long post. There's a lot more to the story but I don't want to make it any longer. Thanks to anyone who bothered reading. 