I’m going to kill myself on Friday3 days.

That’s how long I have until my unemployment benefits run out. After that, I have enough money in the bank to make it until the end of September if I don’t pay my cell phone and credit card bills this month. I should be making and sending out resumes right now. Instead, I am laying in bed watching YouTube videos. I just don’t see the point anymore. It’s not like I haven’t been trying to find a job. I worked in an electronics store for almost 2 years and I didn’t get a call back when I applied for sales position at another electronics store. I worked in a grocery store for 2.5 years - I even weaseled my way into a bookkeeper position - and I didn’t get a call back when I applied for a supervisor position at another grocery store. I worked in a restaurant for over 3 years - I was a supervisor and taking on managerial duties when I left that job - and I didn’t even get a call back when I applied to be a Goddamn delivery driver at another restaurant. The only good job available at the moment is a supervisor position at a shifty convenience store in the bad part of town. And I don’t really want to take a minimum wage job.

I failed at life. I am 27, unemployed, and can’t find a job. I barely graduated from high school and dropped out of community college in 2011. I still live with my mom and I haven’t left home except for my brief stint in college. A minimum wage job won’t get me back to school or out of my mother’s house. I hate myself and I just want to die. I have some ephedrine that I bought online when I lost my job and benefits in December and I couldn’t afford my asthma inhalers anymore. I have been thinking about just taking it all. The only thing that’s stopping me is the fear of surviving and having a stroke and/or heart attack that leaves me worse off that I am now. But as the end of my unemployment benefits comes closer and closer and I edge ever so closer to bankruptcy, I worry less and less about it. I slept outside the other night. It wasn’t so bad. I figure I can walk off into the woods Friday evening, get good and drunk, swallow those pills, and be dead come morning. Hopefully, the coyotes or the mountain lion will get to my body and save my family the expense of a funeral.

Anyway, I think those are my plans for the weekend. Thought I would post them here. See if anyone can talk me out of ‘em. I doubt it, though...