I want to talk... it hurts... :(I recently had a good? friend cut me out of her life without explanation. I started to do art when I became severely depressed and over summer she asked me to make her a drawing. She said she loved it and wanted to frame it. I had to make the effort to give her it, but I figured she may have been busy. Recently I asked (through text message) if she ever planned on framing it and she said "I don't know". I sent a rude text along the lines of "it didn't seem you like it or cared much about it. you never framed it like you said you would and you didn't make an effort to get it from me in the first place" I admit I could have been more polite; I was a bit offended since I took a lot of time to make it. She also wanted me to make her another and I didn't feel comfortable since I felt she didn't appreciate the first one.

After I sent the text she blocked all contact between us without saying anything. I sent an apology a few days later and I wanted to talk about it, but I'm sure she didn't receive it. It just hurts that someone can go from "I would be devastated if you killed yourself" to just cutting you off like that. She was a former student of mine (I'm a grad student and I teach undergraduate courses) and I know she is quite cynical and is a generally angry person (she had quite a range of mood swings when she was in my class lol). She had positive qualities (I focus much more on people's positive aspects). Sometimes I question whether I was really that out of line or if it seems more about her.

This has been on my mind and it affects my mood a lot at times. She was very supportive since I've been struggling with suicidal thoughts and depression. I wonder at times if it would be best if I vanished. I just feel at times I cause significant distress to those around me and I feel this incident is proof of that.

I have made a lot of improvements in the past year according to my therapist and psychiatrist. I'm doing better in school; I did fail 3/4 of my comprehensive exams last semester. I retook them recently and I'm sure I failed one and passed one. Unsure about the other. Despite that, I have been more motivated in my research and stuff. I've also made a lot of improvement in my art. I'm also getting to know more about this one girl that I think is interesting. I also have been making other friends and making close bonds with some I already have.

It's just that sometimes one incident can make me question things and I've been ruminating about this on and off for a few weeks. I spoke to my therapist about it and she says my thinking of the situation and what I tried to do to fix it were healthy. Unfortunately she wasn't as good friends as I thought we were?

I feel better after writing this and I wanted to get it off my chest. I hope someone will talk to me.