Does anyone have (or know anything about) dependent personality disorder?I haven't been formally diagnosed with [this particular disorder](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependent_personality_disorder) (although i've been diagnosed with related problems, like anxiety and depression), but i have a very strong feeling that i have it. I tick almost every single box.

However, i've never met anyone else with this problem, and i can't find anything on reddit about it either, except for a few passing references. So someone i've cornered into listening to me suggested i post about it.

I have many different issues, so it's hard to know where one ends and another begins, but this seems like one of the biggest. I feel utterly helpless to make decisions about my life without someone else to guide me or care for me. I can usually accomplish very low-risk and low-pressure things — like posting on the Internet — on my own, but anything more than that, even if it's seemingly simple, is tremendously difficult for me.

My mind is constantly occupied with thoughts of my being alone. This year i've lost my only remaining serious real-life friend (almost entirely as a result of my over-dependence, which i understand is very tiring for others), and have almost no relationship with my family, so this fear has recently become a reality. Every day it gets harder and harder for me to accomplish even basic things. Lately i can only do what i feel forced into by circumstance or habit, like going to work. Anything that is more optional or less regular than that — even things like going to the grocery store — has become impossible for me.

I have no ambition of any kind (no serious financial, educational, occupational, or family desires), no real goals in life except to surround myself with people who care about me that i can rely on. And since i have no desire or ability to carry on by myself, my thoughts frequently turn to suicide (as they have for many years) — but my inability to act or make decisions on my own makes me fearful of actually following through. Any other motivation i might have is suppressed by one or more of my other issues — depression, OCD, anxiety, and body-image problems.

Maybe the worst part about it is that i just don't have the words to make anyone else understand it. I have tried to explain it to the few people i have left in my life, and they get the depression and anxiety aspects, but they can't grasp this overwhelming feeling of powerlessness i have when it comes to doing things on my own. I think that they see it as the same sort of helplessness that people often feel when they have depression, but i've experienced both and i know the difference. With enough pep-talking i can usually be motivated to do things when it's just depression, but this is something else. It's not the same at all.

Short of a new best friend falling out of the sky i can't think of a way to solve this before it becomes completely unbearable. There's nobody near me who can fill the role i need filled, nobody i've met who can even relate to it.

Does anybody have any experience with this? What am i supposed to do?