Living in a constant sad dreamHi,

I usually don't post to reddit, but here I go.

I grew up as a normal boy living in a broken home. My father hated me, and would treat me almost like I was this annoyance, this burden to him. People at school hated me. They would mock me for being fat, stupid, or too much of a "goody-too shoes". This stressed me, changed me, and created me into this beaten down being. When I was 16, my sister revealed that she had been molested by our father since she'd been a baby... I cried, but then stopped after 5 minutes. I was calm, directed, but felt so empty and lost. I disassociated myself from my emotions and hid them deep, deep inside. Ever since then, life has been this dream. I don't know how to explain it, but nothing feels real to me. My relationships, my family, my home, it's not real feeling. My school, my classes, my life... It seems so fake, so wrong. 

In my first year of college, I tried to half heartedly kill myself. It didn't work, and I ended up in a psych ward. I played it cool. safe, and calm, for I felt calm at that time. I didn't want to die anymore. But that dream feeling had not shrugged off. It only seemed to worsen.

I look around me now, and everything seems so fucking fake. People, their relationships with each other, parents, school, the world. It feels created by my mind, and horrible, and disgusting. 

People say it gets better in the future, or that life will be better, but that I don't understand. It just doesn't. I've been waiting so long, so fucking long. It hasn't. Now that I'm in my early 20s, I don't see the point of it all. I don't want to grow old and continue living in this dream.  I hate it all, how fake everything feels, and how cold everything feels.

I don't want to be here. Better yet, even if this world is real, I'm dangerous. I can feel it. I feel that anger in me, that deep set hatred and loss, and it scares me. It won't shoot up or kill anybody. I don't do that, or have thoughts like that. But it's eating me away, gnawing away at my little happinness I have left. My grades have sunk, I've become forgetful and mean to others, and I've become steadily crazier. My thoughts have gotten wilder, heavier, and they constantly play with the same thing... death for me.

 As I sit here, I feel empty, cold, and lost... I realize I can't keep playing this game with myself. I've lost. That's it. I just want to die. Why can't I die? Why won't I go? Why do I want to live? Why do I really want to die?