Progressive Brain Disease - Father of 3, Love life but dont want to be a burden48 years old, Worked hard, Loyal husband of 23 years, 3 sons and wife I love deeply.   

I’ve always been an energetic, positive and resilient person.   Have suffered physically in recent years but still feel blessed go be alive.  

I have limited mobility due to the progression of my disease.   Im starting to become a burden go my family.   I can see the demands of my care starting to weigh on my wife.   I can see the pressure and stress of my illness  grinding my sons down.  One of then is acting out and said some pretty hurtful things recently about how my disease dominates everything in our family. (I was riding him a little about his grades that have been dipping).   He apologized in tears but ounched the wall and hurt his hand in frustration.   

When I die they will lose a roughly $6000 a month payment from a private disability policy I have.  That will cause some difficulty on them.  We have some cash in reserve and they’ll end up ok financially.   If I hang around throughout my decline my disease will become extremely costly and end up draining everything we have and more.  

I cherish every day and despite all of my physical troubles I am thankful for life.  I’ve spent most of my life focused on serving others and truly enjoying doing for others.  I actually think it’s the key to happiness.  When you focus on serving others and performing acts of kindness you dont dwell on what you are getting out of life.   But in return you realize that you get true happiness.  At least for me it has been a truth.

But here I am.  Unable to really add much value to the worls.  Unable to so much if a nything for others.... and seeing how Im actually becoming a burden to those I love most.  

I know it will hurt them if I shorten my life.   But I also know that it will allow then to process the inevitible sooner and free them to move forward with their own hopes and dreams.   I want my wife to move on and find a partner that can actively share a vibrant life with her.  She truly deserves it.   She’s 43 and still very youthful and beautiful, but most of all just a damn good human being.   

Thank you for reading my post.   I have what I need to be able to easily end my life.   Any insight or advice that I may be missing is welcome.  

Cheers


PS-  No matter what I’m waiting until Game of Thrones is over.  haha!