Nothing will ever be 'fine', punch the asshole that says it will be.Hello Guys.
Obligatory sorry for my bad English, it is my second language.

**TL;DR** World wants you to be sad, beat it by changing things. 

For the past 10 months I have been contemplating it, planning vigorously then scratching that plan because I found a new one that is either efficient or less traumatic for the person who finds me. Even had two failed attempts

I finally found the solution to it.
I just don't need to do it, I just need to cheat.

From my middle school days I realized that I was different. No a good different or a bad different, just different. 
Never felt sad for others, never hurt others(except of course when swinging punches), never felt happy for others.
All I knew was, I had  moral duties. A moral duty to keep my family happy and another stating not to do anything immoral.
I got into the college my parents wanted me to go to, took a course that seemed challenging yet familiar and that also made sure I lived luxuriously.

Everything seems normal right?
Then, came the email. An email from an instructor alleging that I was caught cheating in a final exam. I was scared shit-less since I did not have any money, experience nor immigration status to work in this Country if I am kicked out of University, and I knew I would probably live in [slums](https://www.google.com/search?q=slums&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8) if I went back to my home country.

The thought of letting my parents down was heart wrenching, I knew that the chances of me fighting my way out of this case were very low since everything was pointing that I have copied.
Then came few other family and friends issue that were fucking everything up. By the time finals rolled up, I was an anime-addict(nothing wrong with anime) who binge watched for 10 hours a day, ignoring everything else to slip into the imperfect world that the hero uses his powers to make everything go his way.
I did not attend even 1 final exam(bringing my GPA to 1.2 for that sem which is not itself bad since I had a 3.97, but academic probation which is also not itself bad, if I wasn't going to be kicked out of college).

With no friends, no one to spend time with I started reading reddit posts everyday. And, everyday I came across many shitty things that each of us did to one and other. These did not make me more suicidal but made me more happy that I will not be missing much.
And, then I just started a game. A tally of all the good things mentioned and all the shitty things mentioned.(Wars were not included, I don't know why). That is when I started noticing all the things people were doing when they came across bad situations. Some waited out, some did shitty stuff and some turned things around to make their lives as they want it to be.
But, all of them were doing something. They were leaving to get a fresh start, working shitty paying jobs(or being illegal immigrants just to escape to another country), but they were doing something. Although, what they might be doing is not always the best solution, they are taking control.

Now, I'm not implying that taking control of the situation will make everything better like a Disney movie ending. It won't, and if someone says that it will knee them in the balls(or punch them), not too hard that they need to get admitted into a hospital, but hard enough that they will never utter those fucking words again. Taking control will never drastically make anything better, it will simply(and hopefully) change the course.

Baby steps, that's what I heard. All you need to do is take baby steps. Try changing the routine, maybe have ambient music paying in low volume whenever you are home, or maybe brush when you are showering.

Then the big steps, if its a relationship that's making you consider suicide, maybe try going gay for once(or vice-versa, as once the great shakespeare said "Tis you life, dick or pussy is nothing but thy choice") or go to a DOM place, etc. Just change whatever you can, but stay in your comfort zone.

If it's the death of your loved one, maybe a puppy, a kitten or any type of those cute little fucker's will help. I have never loved someone that deeply to understand the pain you are going through. But, I seriously do hope that the universal motto of doing something will change something will help you, also maybe you will grow to love that little fucker that shits on your carpet.

If its drug related, try hitting it up with new people instead of old ones. (I'm not gonna suggest therapy and all that good stuff since I don't actually understand the entire process in this situation. Just change something. Obviously, a good therapist is always a better choice, but not the only choice)

If its just how the world treats you, are how unfair the world is to you (like me), (Start going against the worlds wishes, try being happy. Warm your towels before using them, or maybe try a bubble bath.) Do any small thing to see if it makes you a bit happy, because if it does *you are in some way cheating the world by having a little fun by going against its wishes*. But, remember do not try finding happiness in drugs.In case you already hooked into some shit, the go to my previous point.
Then the largest step, getting help. Help does not need to be you spending thousands of dollars for therapy(although a good therapist is ALWAYS suggested), it could be going to few Anonymous meetings, or finding a few friends who can help you sort this shit out to whom in return you will give your unwavering friendship. *Just saying.*

Doing this won't change anything drastically, but maybe just maybe you have found a glitch in the matrix that will let you hack into the database and implement a TCP protocol while you also use the bubble sort algorithm to sort everything out. It's a compound function type of thingy. The more you try and take control, the more stuff comes into your control. But, **remember to not fall into an imaginary place where the world stops being unfair, it won't**. It will always be unfair but will always have a pattern. The pattern is that it will always throw something at us and give us enough time to throw something back(even a little bit), so when you just finished your bubble bath you could get a more depressing message(like death of your friends dog which was the only dog I never was afraid of)
Maybe you do change the pace, but another shitty thing knocks on your door. It just means the world is afraid that you are going to beat it and wants to make SURE you never rise up. I can only suggest that you fight on, because the happiness beyond the fight is hopefully boundless(I'm fighting too).

I just wanted to let everything out since today is the first day I did not feel 'foggy' for 4 hours after I woke up in 10 months. I did eventually did partly go into my imaginary world, but those 4 clear hours were so better than masturbation.
