Honestly I feel so horrendously aloneI can't begin to express how alone I feel, I feel like nothing will really last, and that I should just fucking blow my brains out cause it really won't change anything. I try so hard at everything, when I just don't want to, I just want to fucking die at this point.

I'm a 22 year old single guy who seems to be able to get dates, but I guess I just fuck it up with texting too much and can't get a girlfriend. My last girlfriend was horribly abusive to me and really broke how I perceived myself as a man, I continued martial arts and fitness, and while I can confidently say I can fight on equal grounds about 90% of the people I see, I feel extremely weak. My passions are totally gone, I don't give a fuck about school, and I am just so fucking lonely. I just want a girl that will care about me, and truly love me, but I fear so much that what happened before will happen again, yet I am horribly desperate just to be fucking cared about.

My life has just turned into gym, dojo, school, videogames, and meaningless fucking. All my fire is gone, I feel like a cold robot going through the motions of how I am supposed to act, I want to just put my shotgun in my mouth and blow my fucking brains out..

Switched to a new job which I like, but the part of just feeling so empty inside totally ruins pleasure of any kind for me. There is no romance, there is no drive, there is just boring shitty reality which I am fucking stuck in.

Oh but I am the big tough guy, I can lift all the weights and fight the mean people, but I really just want someone to fucking hold me as I cry cause of how lonely I feel...

It has pretty much been like this for the past two years, and I really don't want to continue living anymore, the only reason I keep up this charade is because it would be unfair to my parents and siblings, I feel totally trapped like a lion in a cage forced to perform tricks in a circus.

I just want to be loved, and create a life helping kids with mental illness, but I know too well this pain will never leave and anything I hope and dream for just doesn't come true. 

I want to walk into the woods until I am lost in the wilderness, dig a hole in the ground, and just blow my brains out with my Springfield while laying in it. Nothing will change, but at least I won't be in pain anymore and taking up space.