Nowhere else to go, so I'm here againtl;dr: same stuff I've posted about for 2 months. Been abused heavily for 10+ years, the person I trusted the absolute most cheated on me and said things to me that I'll carry with me until I die (not in a good way). Days keep getting worse and worse and I don't feel like I have a way out aside of suicide

Not gonna lie, I've been trying to do the whole self-valuing thing lately. My therapist has been (understandably) concerned with how I pretty much see myself as subhuman and only worth dying, so I've been trying things she's told me to help with it. But my self esteem and value in myself are just non-existent at this point. 

I've been emotionally abused for most of my life and pretty much taught that I'm worthless. Had it screamed at me for years and I literally could do nothing about it (still can't honestly). Then when I thought I was safe with someone and I felt like I had value to someone, that was all thrown away (Girlfriend of 2 years knew about how deep my anxiety and depression is and how abandonment and cheating are 2 of my worst fears, so she went ahead and cheated on me with not only her best female friend, but her best male friend as well. While I was quite literally at the lowest point I'd ever been, and she had known about this and ignored all my pleas for help and caring).

I feel like a a corpse in waiting, and that's pretty much it. I feel like I'm a heap of worthless shit. People told me 3 months ago that in 3 months time, I'd be a lot better off. I am worse off mentally than ever before. 

I mentioned this before (I think), but I can't even look people in the eyes anymore when I talk to them. I cannot get myself to do it. Seriously physically impossible for me now. Does anyone know what this is? Like what that's a sign of? 

I just want to be dead honestly. I want it more than I want happiness. I really, really am trying to get better, but there's no way up. I'm emotionally and sexually lonely and I feel like I deserve that and that I deserve all the abuse and cheating. I'm not asking for someone to be like "oh no you don't deserve that", I'm just saying that it's how I feel inside and changing how I feel is ridiculously difficult/impossible. 

There's no way up, regardless of all the things I've tried to get to a better place. As you can tell from my post history, I've been posting here a fair bit over the past few months to no real avail. I'm sorry that I'm hopeless
