I decided I'm going to do it Summer of 2021I don't know if anyone would read this but I just wanted to vent because I can't talk to anyone about this.. I decided this is finally it.. Just a few months to enjoy the very few things that bring me joy in this life that I have left.. Until then I will have time to transfer my savings account to my brother and talk with a lawyer about leaving him my car as it's in my name and also taking care of a few loose ends.. I have decided to go with cyanide for the actual thing as my first option of traveling to the Netherlands for assisted suicide would be very expensive and I want to leave as much of my savings as possible to him.

Since 2016 I have had terrible ibs that forces me to be in the bathroom for 5 to 6 hours a day some days even more also it made traveling or just doing anything in the morning impossible as I have to be in or near a bathroom at all times.. I quit my job because of the stress this condition has put me through and hoped to get better with the support of my loving mother who was the only person that could help and understand (she has the same condition). After 4 months without working and I started to feel better at least enough to start making healthy changes in my life like exercising, talking to friends and most of all come closer and connect with my parents more.. We even actually planned to go on vacation together to reconnect, something that hadn't happened since we were kids..

The week we were about to leave for our holidays it happened.. The only person that understood, listened and supported me, my mom, had cancer.. The next day after finding out I get a phone call that my best friend's dad had passed away from cancer.. My mother passed away this March..
Trying to cope I had a one night stand and thought maybe this can get a little better but last month, because of that one time, I was diagnosed with an incurable disease that will leave me impotent within the next year..
My father (which I am in terrible terms with) laughed and said that 'worst case scenario I don't fuck anymore' I tried to explain that it matters a lot because I won't be able to even have a relationship and would be alone for the rest of my life (I'm 30).
My brother who was my bestest friend doesn't even look me in the eyes anymore. Both he and my father are always looking and talking to me like I am a stranger because to be honest I am and nothing more than a financial burden that gave our mother cancer because of the emotional abuse I put her through and the worst part is that they're absolutely right. I am responsible for my mothers death the only person that loved me in such an unconditional and selfless way.. I screamed and cursed at her constantly when my ibs nightmare started and for at least 3 more years I didn't even realize I was unloading all of my misdirected anger from work on her..
So this is it.. 
I'm taking this time to see my two best buddies as much as I can and to let them know how much I love them for being there for me even when I was a shitty and absolutely terrible friend for a long time now. 
I'm also taking this time to enjoy my favorite movies and TV series for one last time (they are a lot lol) 
I was a selfish and shitty person to the people who gave me the most love.. 

If there is one thing I can give as advice to others is Love and cherish your loved ones every minute of everyday, Support and be there for them always and not only when it's convenient to you , don't abandon them in their time of need.. True love is selfless and its built through actions not words.. Take care people I always tried to love you all but until the end I didn't know what love is.. Please be kind to each other

Peace