Why do I have to be so helpless?I am currently laying in bed thinking about the days events, and days past, my life is a total train wreck, idk if theres any light at the end of the tunnel for me. I grew up constantly raped and beaten, I ended up in a mental hospital in 2016 after my cousin was wrongly accused of being a pedophile(He was the first one to show me not everyone is out to get me and I have learned a lot about life from him and I have grown as a person a lot from when I first met him. And for any wondering people thought he was raping me) and my step grandfather died when I was 13(I grew up with my grandparents from age 6) and my grandmother moved in a random guy because he had money, he told me to kill myself and that he would kill me if I didn't do it myself, it caused me to run away and to the only person I knew, my cousin. At the same time my grandma started playing the sympathy card and sicing random dude on me and the verbal abuse was like a red hot knife to my well being(he raped me twice) and luckily he died in 2018 but my grandma had convinced all of her kids that I was worthless and abused her which caused all my aunts and uncles to treat me horribly as well. A restraining order was put onto my cousin without warning and our sparse 5 minute check in visits went completely away which crushed me horribly and I was alone. I have been locked in a filthy house most of my life, my grandma is a severe hoarder and has 10 cats, there is mold in the walls, cat pee everywhere, cat poop everywhere, and she spends her days sleeping usually from 2am to 3pm and is up blaring music and screaming at me how much of a pig I am and how worthless I am and how I should be lucky she took me in, I'm constantly called names and being called lazy and fat. I did a short stretch with a different family and things began to look up for me, but they were very strict and I was used for slave labor and scolded for every little misstep I took including a B on my report card. I have since moved back into my grandmas house completely involuntarily, she basically kidnapped me, I'm only happy I can see my cousin more often than twice a year for 10 or 15 minutes. I was lured back because I knew I would be back into a living hell but being able to see the only person who builds me up instead of tearing me down was worth it for me at the time. I've gained 30lbs since I have moved back which is surprising as I am locked in a filthy house and only allowed to eat a small meal once a day sometimes I go 2 days without eating. Whenever I have food I gorge on it until it hurts, and always get called a pig, my grandma is a very toxic narcissist, and has taken a liking to insulting my body as well as calling me names and yelling at me for doing anything but laying down and taking the verbal and emotional abuse. She has such bad control issues she has went so far as to pull me out of school, by no means am I stupid I know I could pass school easily, but my depression is so bad that I refuse to do any schoolwork. My out of state family agreed to take me back but my biological mom signed guardianship over and my hopes were so high that I would be going somewhere clean to live. Then at the last minute they told me I cant come back and wouldnt tell me why, I confided in my brother(their son) to tell me, and I found out a pedophile lives there and that's why, I felt so betrayed and angry I snapped at them and have cut off all contact since. I deeply regret it in some ways, but in other ways not. I feel so helpless and I dont know what to do I have nobody to turn to that would help. If I call CPS or DFS then I'll be in so much trouble, I have nowhere to go, I'm helpless and hopeless and worthless.