Suicide calendarHello all, I expect this to be eaten up by all the other sad sacks of shit just like me but I thought it may be worth a try. I’m 16 years old and I’m autistic, I’ve gotten the brain power to carry me through school but I can’t for the life of me socialize. I did have a girlfriend recently but she dumped me after I told her about me being autistic. My family is just now realizing how severe my autism is and are thinking that disowning me will help with this. I disagree but in the case that it does I’ve set my suicide date for the end of next month, that is Tuesday, March 31st of 2020 I believe. Anyway back to my demented little story time of which I’ve only told one. When I was younger my parents divorced while I was 2 years old, me my mom and my brother were kicked to the streets and homeless for about a year I believe. During this time I saw and did things I would rather not say. After we got a foothold after some help from my uncle, we all know where that goes, we had my dad come back and say he wants custody over us. But me and my brother disagreed, my dad was very mentally and physically abusive, which I don’t like. He ended up getting weekends and so I’ve found the only way I can get through those times we’re by not thinking or feeling anything, this has resulted in me being diagnosed with psychopathy, which in short means I feel nothing I care nothing which I don’t think I enjoy much either. After all this I assumed things were looking up, I was making friends at school through studying comedy to make the laugh, because I loved laughing even in the worst of times. I was growing more and more fond of my family and it almost seemed I could break through this shell I had put myself in. I got a girlfriend who I loved and she was the first person outside of my family who I enjoyed touching, hugging was amazing! But I found that she has cheated on me, very un fun if I’m honest. Then my closest uncle who I trusted has died recently, my Dad, as much as I hate him has cancer and my Mom who I still hold a soft spot for has a tumor. My stepdad who I’ve just started “growing on” is pushing me away along with everyone else in the family because I’m simply trying to tell some jokes. I just want everyone to be happy again, my brother is moving out and now all the pressure to be a successful student is put on me, along with every other chore. I’m getting skinnier and skinnier by the day because I’ve given up on my eating habits and instead opt to stay in bed after school. I’ve had to move schools to be put in a better program and despite being more than halfway though the year with 83 days left in it I still have no friends because I shake very badly when I talk to people. But I want to talk with them I really do, I want them to understand that it’s not that I fear them or can’t control myself. But that’s all mostly gone now. In the corner of my bed I’ve found a very empty spot emotionally and I feel something but it’s more of something pulling me downward. I look in the mirror and am disgusted at what has become of me. I go to school every day on time, I eat the same things every single day I wear the same things every single day and I liked it but now I feel like it doesn’t matter. I feel as though nothing matters. I’m officially alone now, writing this in a somewhat desperate attempt to find someone to maybe talk to over the web so that they don’t see me shake. But again, the date is set to the end of next month and I don’t expect anything from this. Goodnight.