What to do about my brotherWhere to start.

Ever since the beginning of high school I’ve noticed a change in my brothers behaviour. He seemed extremely happy with his girlfriend at the beginning and was his normal generally positive self. She moved away and they ended up breaking up after trying long distance and from there everything seemed to go downhill. It’s been 4 years and I can’t even remember exactly what he was like before high school. He’s very quiet, plays video games a lot, sleeps a lot. He’s in a relationship that I know is toxic but there’s nothing I can do about it. He spends a lot of time with his girlfriend. He does drugs now and vapes and I know he’s on r/depression and any post he’s posted have gotten little to no replies. He cares little about school or grades and kind of let go to an extent. 

He’s talked to my parents about feeling depressed and getting having suicidal thoughts, after my other brother and I had told them we were worried. But that was months ago, and nothing came from it. No therapy, no doctor visit, no medication, and certainly no difference in their behaviour towards him. They often get angry at him and yell. They think he’s becoming more like his girlfriend, and get angry when he stays at her house a long time and get mad when he plays a lot of video games or the occasional time he has been caught with a drug. But they never ask why he does any of these things. They never think that it may have some sort of correlation to his mental state, and whether the drugs/gf are the cause or the coping method I have no idea but I feel like they’re related somehow. 

My family hasn’t about depression or mental illness or anything like that for a long time, but from as far as I can see, the problems haven’t changed and his attitudes have not improved.

I don’t know what to do. I try to take his side in arguments with my parents and see from his perspective as often as I can because no one else in my family really do. 

What promoted me to post about this is  I was listening to a school presentation about suicide among young adults and it reminded me of these issues that go unspoken nowadays in my family. I don’t know how to go about talking to him about it, and any time I have tried to Ik the last he tends to shut me out, which I fully expected. I don’t know whether he is still being bothered inside, but what I do know is that I don’t want it to be too late when I find out.

What should I do?