My faince's love feels fake (and we have 2 children in the mix)The day I met my fiance and our oldest daughter was one of the best days of my life. They were so beautiful I fell in love instantly. She was actually dating an extremely toxic person who at the time sold drugs and was in jail for doing so. When I stepped in she was head over heels for me. She recognized my clean cut life style and would say things like, "I feel so safe with you. I don't think you will ever put me in dark situations like I have had to go through."  We started off great! Our second daughter arrived a little over a year later. (Yes, things moved fast, I know.) 

At that point I couldn't be happier! I have my little family to raise and support and there's nothing else I need. 

As time goes on, she begins to show me her sneaky side. I do not believe she has ever cheated on me physically but she has definitely tip toed the line of being a little too flirtatious a couple times. I was understanding and we had many deep conversations about her past and why she found it so hard to trust people. She went through a lot of dark shit as a child. Drug addicted parents who would beat on eachother and were always in and out of jail were the biggest of her issues. We have butted heads and had our ups and downs, but through it all i have stayed consistent in my love for her and my daughters. Things eventually came back around and were close to perfect again. So we decided to set our wedding date. October 8th 2020. We have been planning this wedding all year. Spending a shit ton of money and sending out invites. All of this planning has put a lot of stress on me. I've been having some crazy dreams. Dreams of her being involved with other people. Men, women, and even some of my exes. These dreams are a nightly thing now and I can't get them to stop. I have reached out to her for reassurance a few times, but I can only do that so many times before she becomes annoyed. Through all of this anxiety and fear for my wedding, I think she's starting to view me as weak or needy. I've never been either of those before now. She's becoming distant. Acts of love feel obligated coming from her, as if she's just going through the motions. These half hearted forced emotions im receiving are only making things worse for my anxiety. 

I have never felt like this before. I just want to feel normal and be excited about my wedding. I don't want to get on her nerves or make her feel like she's doing anything wrong. 

They are all I have in this world. I can't stand the thought of losing them. I can't stand the thought of her completely losing interest and my girls calling some strange man daddy. I WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO LIVE. I WOULD END MY OWN LIFE IF I CANT HAVE MY FAMILY. 

So please, if anyone has a similar story or can offer some advice im all ears. I'm at the end of my rope!