I just need to tell someone.I am going to be ending my life soon; and I cannot bring myself to tell those close to me, but if nothing else then at least the people here will know.

I am sorry if my thoughts are jumbled and out of order, my mind is racing.

So about me (This is not in chronological order; I cannot think straight enough right now to sort it out.):

I am an eighteen year old, born in Massachusetts. I will not reveal the town for obvious reasons, but it is a small-ish mill town. My life has been so utterly terrible in so many ways.

From the get-go, my life started poorly. My father was an awful man. He was in the army and used that as an excuse to abuse me and my mother, feeling that he was in the right to do so. His logic being that he fought for the country and we didn't, so we did not have the right to question his actions.

Of course, that was not his only problem. He was a sexist who treated all women poorly (I have NINE siblings on his side of the family and every single one has a different mother), a racist (He threatened to disown one of my sisters for dating a black man), and all around terrible. 

When I was six years old, I walked in on him having sex with another woman. This was the start I think of my world unraveling. I did not cry at the time, but I think it was then that my illusion of the world being fair was broken. Even the abuse was something I could assume was normal.

Shortly after that, my mother found out, and my father was out of the picture. However, my stay at home mother was left to raise me and my older half-brother with Aspergers syndrome, who has a different dad and is the only sibling I keep in close contact with. We were plunged into poverty and we never really recovered from it. In fact, things got worse.

After a few years, the government kept cutting our financial support until we were forced to leave our (already terrible, mold-infested) apartment and move in with my Aunt. Her husband was abusive and after a while kicked her, and thus, us, out of that house, and finally we moved in with my grandmother.

I am now living in a cramped, decaying apartment in the downtown of a town legally classified as a slum. I put out job applications and nobody is hiring here. I would try college, but that would require getting a car to travel there, with money from jobs I cant get unless I go to college, putting it into an infinite loop. 

My aunts husband left her and she was forced to move in with us, with her kids, and now in total we have six people living in this apartment meant to accommodate only one person. 

In 2009, I was diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes. This was shocking news that has affected my life greatly, compounding other facets of my poor health, and only adding to my belief I am worthless.

My current situation is unbearable. As it stands I am an eighteen year old constantly on the cusp of homelessness, and as our country gets less and less hospitable to the poor I get closer and closer to living on the streets.

Through most of my life I have endured with the idea things would get better, but they never have, and I am convinced they never will. This world is cruel and I have no place in it.


