i feel numbim at the point where i've concerned my psychiatrist, half the staff i deal with in my house and my counsellor almost had to break confidentiality today. two days ago i told my psychiatrist that i was have symptoms of psychosis again and told me to book a appointment with him as soon as possible and wants to put me back on meds that i don't like but work for multiple things that he's concerned about. today i got a text from one of my youth workers asking of i want to go out shopping for things i need but i told her that i don't want to and that i can't even look at food right now, so she asked if i was alright so i told her that i was in a low mood. she then asked if i would go to the youth center to talk to her and i told her i would go but i didn't so she came to my house to check on me as i told her before she came that i hadn't gotten out of bed. once she got to my place she knocked on my bedroom door and made me come out of my room and talk with her and one other worker to see how i was doing and if i needed and support. at the time i didn't need any support i told them after having a conversation with them so they asked if i have had any thoughts of self harm or suicidal thoughts today and at the time i didn't. after they left i made myself eat something even though it makes me feel sick to look at food and i can barely keep it down now and have no desire to eat ever and went back to my room and tried to apologize to someone who used to be my friend and see if they could ever forgive me but they said i was the only person they could never forgive and that i only had one chance with them. they then listed off everything they hated about me and said a lot of thing that i wish wasn't said but they were. i told them that i wanted to kill myself so they never had to deal with me again, so they said to not kill myself because of them but they weren't the only reason and i told them that. i said that i really was going to act on it so they said "well i'll be telling someone about this" i said i didn't if they did and that i was in a bad place in the first place so in response to that they said "so you won't care if i go tell \_\_\_". i said go ahead she may be the only person who could possibly stop me. i asked that person why do you care i thought you hated my guts. they said i'm not gonna sit here and let you kill yourself. i texted my counsellor and told him that i was in a really bad place just so he knew even if it was too late to stop me. a small part of me didn't want to go through with it and that part is the only reason why i told him then i vaped some CBD in hopes that it would calm me down enough to not act on anything. it did the trick till my counsellor could help me and almost called the staff or emergency services as he knows where i live if he couldn't get ahold of staff. before i calmed myself i was actually crying which says how bad i was at the time because i haven't been able to cry for months no matter what happened to me and i told my counsellor that i was crying because he knows how bad things must be if i was crying. i have a feeling that when i see my psychiatrist and tell him everything that has happened that there will be huge med change or if he sees me as a danger to myself or others hell admit me to inpatient care in the same building but that's assuming that he actually believes me for once. sorry this is long but i cant keep this in without getting it out somewhere and if this isnt allowed just remove it and if you actually read this whole this im surprised