If they only knew...If they only knew the years of abuse you've been through. When your earliest memories in life are what have caused you to develop depression a d anxiety.
The fear of expressing your emotions, trying your hardest not to cry. At least, not until you're alone behind closed doors.
If you only knew, the constant pain you put me through.

An innocent little girl without her mommy thanks to a marriage that ended in divorce you made sure to know its war by taking everything my mommy ever adored. To the courts, I'm not even her daughter anymore unless you count the supervised visits that only last a couple of minutes.
You took her life, her clothes, her home, Papaws belongings once he was gone.
She was his only daughter, who just lost her father and is going through a divorce and was told she lost custody of her baby girl.

If people only knew, how many times she was yelled at just for not knowing what to do. 
She's just 11 years old. 
You're drunk and driving her home. 
She grew up always being ignored, you leaving her home alone so you can get drunk and party some more. 

More than 1 occassions or 2, you pick me up after drinking the whole night through. 
I remember I couldn't find my jacket, remember the one that was navy blue, you got angry and threw me across the room. In front if my Aunt and cousins who put her arm out to protect me all the while scared for her own 3.

She was just a little girl, now becoming a teenager who just want to be heard.
She lied to avoid punishment, to scared to talk to you. 
If they only knew the amount of times you grabbed me by my hair, threw me to the floor, hit me on my head, and pushed me on the floor. 
If they only knew, that slot of my belongs are broken because of you, the holes on my bedroom wall are from my thing that you threw while yelling at me. 
Never once caring that the pain that you've caused me would linger all throughout my adult years, father.

For the one I'll love and lose. 
If you only knew how much I wish I was such a mess of emotions. 
I wish I could tell you I'm sorry that I took it out in you by venting or being down right rude. 
I always appreciated you for being loving and so kind. 
I only wish you knew, I loved every moment spent getting closer to you.
 
I only wish you knew, the amount of love I had for you.

If she only knew, how to find a love that could heal her from all the past abuse.


-A♡