I don't know what else to doI've been depressed for the last 6 months. This is not the first time it happaned to me. I had a major clinic depression from age 16 to 26 with some upsides in the middle, but mostly I couldn't even get out of my house because I had agoraphobia. My ex boyfriend took care of me all those years. Money never was a problem with him. But I left the house an took my chance out there when I realized he was only helping me to depend on him and to have control over me. He sabotaged any chance I could get to get better or to have economic independency. When I realized he was being an obtacle and told him to back up he got violent and abusive to me.

So I went to live with a couple of friends. One of them is actually my current boyfriend. Going back with my parents is not an option since I run away from their house and lose contact with them because they were abusive to me.

Right now I'm 29. Last couple of years were nice. I was really happy and got better. I got out of agoraphobia and never came back. But I never found the way to be independent and it's becoming a problem because we don't have much money right now. We are barely paying the bills and I'm not emotionally stable to have a job and help with that. Even so, getting a job is really difficult for me because I didn't even finish high school and never had a job before.

I need therapy and meds but we can't afford it and my emotional inestability is taking a toll on my boyfriend because he is finishing his studies and is under a lot of stress. He can't deal with both things at the same time. Plus we were told we had 1 year to move out from the place we are living but we don't have savings.

I tried to apply to free therapy at my local university last month ago. They accepted my request and told me they would call me but they never did. I sent and email one week ago telling them I really need help but I didn't get an answer yet.

Now I can't even get out of my bed. I feel trapped in a system which mental health plans are only accesible to people who can afford it or that have someone to take care of them. I feel like a burden for everyone who cares about me and as if evetime I try to reach out for help I'm remember that I don't deserve it because I can't afford it. I just need things to be easy from time to time. I can't keep up with this constant struggle. I just need everything to stop.