Post attempt TRIGGER WARNING    You know, just yesterday I would’ve sworn I wasn’t suicidal. Sworn that I have control. Sworn that I didn’t even want to die but last night I attempted. I was drunk, the rest of the night was blackout up until part of the attack on my wrists and the moment after i took the ibuprofen and midol. 4000 mgs. The symptoms of overdosing are still strong. 


       I am a self harmer but I never /// on my wrists because that’s dangerous and I  wasn’t suicidal I thought. Last night i covered my wrists but was too drunk to //// very deep.


     I’m not sure if I did damage to my internal organs. When I first woke up I had no control of my balance. Other symptoms were, really bad chills and shaking,dizziness, hard to breathe, stomach hurting horribly, panic, cramping, sweating while still cold, then later heat flashes. I was in and out of sleep all night and half the day.  Still experiencing most of these symptoms.

     My mom isn’t worried because I said I have a hangover. My girlfriend ,which I have a deep connection to, knew something was wrong despite no clues and snapped me asking if i had a really bad nightmare or something. To which I replied, “not a nightmare, way worse that that. I can’t tell you because I feel you will tell someone out of fear for me. Im sorry”


       I need support from them but i know they will tell my mom and she’ll freak out and probably cry.

        So how do I feel? Horrible. I hope I don’t die. I don’t even know what triggered me to try to kill myself, all I know is in that moment I did want to die.  Y’all can say go to the doctor all day but I’m not doing that. My dad could get the records and then get custody on the bassist that I “attempted suicide because she’s miserable at her moms” no he gave me ptsd. He gave me anxiety. He gave me depression. Now he could be the reason I die from some type of organ failure.


     Does this even count as an attempt? I mean I was drunk and my sober brain knows how unlikely it is for ibuprofen to kill me. The //// on my wrists weren’t very deep.