girl jumps in bhopal shahpura lake with her laptoplast month,in April 2019,in bhopal city of madhya pradesh India,a body was recovered inside a tourist attraction,Lake shahpura.
she was recovered after 5 days of missing report being filed by her family.her laptop was also recovered along with her,that made it more suspecious for the people of that locality.
upon intterogation with her family,it was discovered that she was in a bad mental state from last few days,but never disclosed anything upon asking,she had cutoff from her friends and also was not eating food from last few days.she never left her laptop during this time and used to stare at it for hours at a singke sitting.
upon asking in her locality,no one had any clue about this.she was a ranker in her college and always topped in her class.
also from last few days,there are reports of sighting of a strange figure that looks like a girl using her computer in different localities of bhopal,most sightings reported near mp nagar,shahpura,kolar road and ashoka garden,there are talks about that being a ghost of that girl.sightings are increasing daily and more reports have started to come in.some people who reported multiple sightings, mentioned that they usually see her on the first floor of buildings specially balcony and doors who had openings outside buildings but on first floor only.
these facts were confirmed by other people who reported this sightings.
some people are reported to suffer through a trauma because of this and others have stopped leaving their house after 12 in night,the time during which she is usually sighted.
the cause of her suicide still remains a mystery as there is no statement to support this fact.and as the days are passing by,the ghost with a computer us becoming a prevelent belief in those areas,even some police officials have also confirmed to have sighted such figures,it it turns into a doll if observed very closely.in some reports it also disappered in just a blink.
no reports have came up to confirm any losses or harmful actions of that ghost.but the people who suffered)suffering from the trauma,explained that she tried to explain some things to them through her hands and others say that they usually see her in her dreams during their sleep in the morning.
i hope this mystery soon solves.