6 months untill my suicide handgun arrives . (The timing will be perfect as then i will be well past my 18th birthday so no one will be able to take the gun away from me and I'll finish high school just then)Well this is.the end of the road huh? What a life it was....some life. Do you think i wanted to do this? Do you think I've dreamt of dying like this in a million years?  I didn't want to do this. You people(the people I am forced to seroundd  myself with) have made my life so insufferable, so  depressing . You've made me so aggressive  by mocking me for the smallest thing i liked, for my wight which made me lose 35 kg when i was 13 and actually stop being fat. You mocked me for having black  and gay friends (calling them racial slurs proving you're racist as fuck) made fun of me for having a girlfriend who's 5 years older then me calling me "way too hideous to have a girlfriend" making me almost insecure. You would also physically attack me knowing that the authorities wouldn't bother you cause you're parents were some well respected business people so you could get away with anything and I would actually get in trouble for fighting back

You would attack me knowing damn well i was stronger then you and that i could and would bash your skull in with a club if laws weren't  inforced that prevented me from protecting myself 

To my parents : you were both VERY racist (typical for my town) and were both sexist against both men and women. Dad you would not let mom work saying she should stays in the kitchen (typical  1980's sexism) even though you were an aggressive alcoholic who spent thousands of dollars a year on alcohol you wouldn't let me buy video games to distract myself from you two's arguments. I always had to listen to your arguing and fights. You always managed to drag me in them for the mildest issue and verbally assoult me and threaten physical assoult. Every day,every birthday you 2 were there ruining everything


To mom: you were the typical  21st century feminist hypocritical, mysandrist , lazy (so lazy you were too fucking lazy to reach your arm for something) you two would get on my nerve so much  and say "You're too young to be stressed out" Bitch fuck you . You're part of the reason I'm so aggressive and depressed.  You were a Karen garbage person. You pretended to have knowledge of subjects you know nothing about like vaxines,mental health and my liking towards firearms. What do you know about mental health? You were a frat girl interested in nothing more then boyfriends, spending way too much money   and dropping out of high school.  That would be fine if you didn't try to teach me your bullshit morals  that held 0 value due the fact that you were a very negative person preaching about positivity.




You thought I would be ok with living in a 100 year old house that's starting to fall apart and the fact that there's mice everywhere. Fuck that home Id rather spend a year inside of a concentration camp instead of having to go near that house. 


And worst part is when i went to use mental health therapy via a psychiatrist you told me (don't say anything upsetting to the psychiatrist cause then you'll be put on mental health pills and we won't be able to afford them" 

Yep you told me not to discuss my mental health...  WITH A PSYCHIATRIST THAT'S MENT TO HELP ME WITH MY MENTAL HEALTH!
Most of you people who saroundd me are the reason I'm so depressed, want to kill myself and will kill myself (maybe) and have wanted to kill you all via  a  shooting for a long time .   Work sucks, high school sucks, home sucks...life just sucks what more is there to say?