its 4 am in the morning, im tired idk why im writing this.i lost a friend irl a couple months back. no, they didnt die, they isolated me from their life, caused a dominos thing where other people began to ostracise me too, so now i dont have friends that i can rely on or talk about some new jreg or exurb1a video or some shit idk. this friend was kind of a big deal to me, the biggest deal, hot shit. that friend was the most important person in my life, like a sibling sortof. and i couldnt uphold my end of a promise, it meant a lot to them, i didnt place enough value in it. they hate me a lot now.

i couldnt handle looking at their profile picture anymore, so i just deactivated all my social media accounts (except for whatsapp which i need) and blocked everyone ik irl on discord, also changed my name and profile picture so they couldnt find me. i didnt want to see anyone, i dont know why but i cant stand looking at their faces/avatars. its not that i hate them, these ppl din do shit wrong, but im afraid of how talking with them will end up. i'll just feel like shit afterwards.

so i havent talked to anyone irl aside from my family whom i call back to sometimes.

its pretty dark in this room im going to go turn on a light alright im back whr was i

i've always fantasized about dying, usually jumping in front of the mtr, its the easiest, cheapest, and fastest way, blood loss and asphyxiation takes a while and its a slow painful death, i hate slow painful deaths. however getting run over by a train will inconvenience a lot of busy people, not to mention the gore of seeing a fucking squashed body will leave long lasting bad memories on completely innocent bystanders. i dont really want any of that, its a selfish way to die. if i were to die i'd want it to be something that can help benefit people. of course dying in itself would rid ppl around me a lot of trouble, but im interested in being the Cat in Schrodinger's Cat, maybe one day i could perform that experiment if my life gets shittier than it already is.

but most importantly, i dont have the balls to kill myself, thinking about dying and actually trying to die is really different. i drink to kill myself really slowly, one tiny step at a time, but its also hard to do this. i dont get to drink all the time. alcohol here is expensive.

i just want to get out of this shithole, thats why im here. i want someone to help make me feel a bit better so life doesnt feel so dull and grey and hopeless and devoid of meaning. friends you meet online arent always there for you and are usually impartial to your problems, and i dont feel comfortable pestering one dude about "boohoo my life sucks" because i'd find it annoying too, if someone went up to me and did that, so i keep it to a minimum. i feel like everyday im rotting away and wilting. i am disappointed when i stare at my face in the mirror. im disgusted at myself and i feel like i dont accomplish anything with the way things are now, yet i feel reluctant to change it because things can get worse easily.

this is a tough request to ask, but i wish you guys here wouldnt mind me posting here about my struggles more often. i've been here before on an older account i no longer have access to and the people here really made me feel great.