It's creeping back in.This is a throw away for some obvious reasons.

If I'm not completely engaged and distracted by day to day tasks I can feel my depression starting to seep back in. It's been happening for about a week or two now. I recently got better all the sudden after slipping into a quiet suicidal depression about 2 months ago. Here's the run down.

I have a job, it's officially part time, but I often times work 40-72 hours a week. If I feel like it. I get to help people every day. I can't divulge what I do unfortunately but it's a very low paid, high stress job.

I have a business on the side that I love pouring my heart into (although I wish it was in a different location I.e another state)

I have a business partner/best friend who relies on me. 

I have no romantic partners at all although I think this is due to lack of trying at this point. There's a woman that I'm extremely interested romantically, I have dated in the past, and love very much as a friend. However, she's going in a different direction, and relationships aren't really a major focus of how she orients her life. 
( I just don't feel like wasting my time chasing other women) 

I have a lot of great things in my life, although my current living situation is kinda shitty. I'm acutely aware that I am lucky to be alive, that I am lucky for what I am able to do. But, no matter what I achieve, do, say, fuck, or buy I feel completely empty. That's not saying I don't sometimes fee 'Ok' or happy.

Something is missing.

I fee like every time I've tried to achieve my "dreams" I've failed, so I've stopped trying. I was suicidal in my early teens (15-16) for about 3 months. I was extremely suicidal before I left for an international/travel/backpacking trip. I can feel the thoughts coming back. Not so much the planning or ideation. But that I worry some day I will follow through. I don't see myself getting old. I don't want to suffer. 

I often think about how far I've come, and it doesn't feel that far at all. I feel the same I did when I was 15. My passions are crushed my insurmountable odds of every being successful at anything except for mediocrity. 

I can't talk to my parents anymore, every time I bring concerns of life issues up to them they tell me they can't help me and that I should go to a counselor. 

Suicide seems inevitable. 
But I don't want to die right now.
I just have this feeling I will eventually.
I get suffering, and I don't know where to go for help that doesn't cost me my job (which it will) or cost me my freedom... and I don't want to be medicated. ( I have many friends who are medicated and their completely destroyed because of the benzo/antidepressants their taking, if that makes sense)
I just don't know whether the answer is inside of me, or whether it's outside of myself. 