I'm so lost and tired.I know people always say you should ask for help and talk to someone but I honestly physically can't. I am so alone. I don't really have any friends anymore and my family don't want to know. I've tried to talk to my parents and friends I was close to in the past, but no one ever helped me. They were always too uncomfortable that I had said anything, I always just chickened out and said I was fine the next day. They were so relieved that they never asked how I was again. Any other friend I talked to always told me they felt the same and this always used to crush and embarrass me because it was shrugged off as everyone feels this way sometimes. I know people do feel like this and that they said this to make me feel better, but they still seem to function and be normal. I have always felt so sad all the time. I was able to fake a personality but being social is just so hard though. I honestly don't know how people can do it. I've never had a SO or been out with someone since I would actually have a panic attic if someone  text me or tried to hook me up with someone. I honestly don't know how people can do it. People just always seem so much stronger than me.

I've never really had any self esteem and always felt so sad like this as long as I can remember. I guess I've had something to occupy me and keep me going though. First was school, then college, then a job my friend got me, but now I'm unemployed and I've never been so lost. After 9 months I've realised my degree is useless (its just some theory stuff) and I can't get even an interview let alone a job. Even if I got one I know it would make me so miserable just like all the other jobs I've done. I've honestly just spent the last couple years saying to myself I'd figure something out but nothing at all appeals to me. I don't want a job or a marriage or children or anything normal people want. There is honestly nothing I want at all. I just want to not be here anymore. I want to go to bed and never get up. I always feel so ashamed and weak when I think this because there are so many other people out there who have it worse than me and I panic when I think of them cause I know they'd despise me for it. I don't know how they cope.

The only reason I haven't is because I couldn't do it to my family. They would hate me for it and it would leave such a black stain on my parents lives. Because of this I feel so stuck. I'm trying to put some sort of a facade of a life together for them, but its so hard. They think I'm so lazy and worthless and it crushes me cause I know they are so disappointed and ashamed of me. I try not to sleep all day but I'm so tired. I just really don't see my future at all. I always thought either I'd have some huge breakdown one day or someone would help but I've realised its not like that. It's more this increasingly sad lonely realisation that this is it. I know people say you should get help but I'm so exhausted just getting out of bed and too scared and embarrassed to do something. I really want to not be here and not hurt my family. I don't think I can do this. I want them to forgive me if I go.