This needs to stopI'll first state that I've been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder, depression and Asperger's as it will help anyone understand, if even in the slightest. About last year around September, I've been having these deep feelings of depression and suicide. My family don't support me and my friends try with very little effort to help or listen to what I have to say. It got to the point where, during the entire month of September, I'd be drinking heavily and taking capsule after capsule of THC oil to try and numb my emotions.

None of that worked as I found out, because when I came out of my high or stupor I'd be back in reality where everything just sucked again. My paranoia got worse probably for obvious reasons, but even before the binging of weed, I felt like my friends and my family and my doctor and therapist had it out for me. I kept asking them and myself, "Why aren't you helping me? Why are you sitting on your hands watching me break down month after month?"... at first it made me furious because I see people who complain about far less like, how annoying traffic was during the day and they'd get all the sympathy and empathy and cuddles and kisses they'd get and then some.

I ranted at my friends on how much I hated myself and that I didn't deserve the treatment I was getting with them following up with how I'm playing the victim. Even my therapist told me this as well. I even tried calling a suicide hotline and the "counselor" on the other line had to cut our conversation short and said, "Sorry, but I have to go" and hung up on me. 

I then lost every fibre in my body to live and decided to overdose on multiple over the counter medications and prescribed medications because my intention was to leave the world and escape this never ending pain. However, my mother whom I live with, called the paramedics "just in time" to send me to the hospital. The nurses there, I could hear them talking about me behind my back and how I played the victim or how there were other patients who needed the bed more than me, etc.. Everything I could do to try and kill myself was met again with the reality that this world really does have it out for me.

I cannot tell whether it's my paranoia anymore even though my psychiatrist and therapist tell me it is. Nothing I can say or do can show how stressed I am, besides trying to OD two or three times over in the span of 4 months. I've been admitted to the psych ward 3 times since, and my patience has already diminished. I cannot continue living in a world where everyone constantly sees me as some kind of devil.

I have zero support from everyone and my paranoia is getting worse day by day now. I constantly feel that whenever I sleep someone breaks into my apartment and just fucks with me. I feel like I'm being followed and monitored everywhere I go. Everything I do is criticized by the people I used to think I loved, and now with smartphones and shit, I'm feeling like people are recording and taking pictures of me to see how pathetic of a person I am.

And yet when I desperately try to OD I keep getting saved... saved again and again to be tortured in this mind-fuck of a hell. How many more times must I OD until I'm finally able to be done with my life. Let someone else take my place, I don't give a shit anymore.