I can't do this anymoreMy country has been 180 days, all of them nearly in full quarantine. I feel like absolute shit. I feel like my life is either gonna end in suicide or me finally snapping and hurting someone I love. 

Since the start of quarantine, my whole year has been the same. Wake up, finish homework, attend classes, go to sleep. I can't keep doing this. My 2019 ended good and things were looking better, it felt like me and my mom were finally settled in our new house and that the suicidal thoughts were finally going away. 2020 started pretty good, my grades were up in all my classes, i had been hanging out much more with my friends and then quarantine hit. Schools shut down, I wasn't able to see my friends anymore, I wasn't able to see my dad every week... the first few weeks weren't so bad. It kept going downhill though, I began feeling like I wanted to vomit all throught the day, I always felt sick, I slept much less than I used to, it felt like I was in the verge of getting ill every day. EVERYTHING got worse from there. I didn't want to speak with my friends in fear of lashing out at them and making them feel bad, I hated my mom, I hated school, I hated my pets, I hated everything. It all got better after a few months, but now my mom wants to move to a new city, hundreds of kilometres away from where I live. I won't be able to see my friends, my dad or anyone who lives here every week like I used to. I feel like I have nothing to do with my life anymore, everything that I do has no point, it will all end the same way. My dad already told me he won't be paying for my current school after this year ends, meaning that even if I stay here with him I will no longer see my friends. Now, I just got told by my school that apparently grades for this year count, and I got told that in the last part of the year. Most of my grades mid-year sucked, so that means I'll probably have to do school for much longer than my friends. Meaning I won't be able to enjoy summers. I feel angry, I don't wanna do anything anymore, I feel like just running away and throwing myself under a train track. I don't want to live like this anymore. If I do survive into adulthood I'll have a shittier life than I do now because my country's economy is shit.