For everyone who has suicidal thoughts or has attempted.I want to share some information as I have been suicidal and have also attempted myself.

1. Not everyone wants to die purely based on the chemical composition going on in their head.

Some people just live in an atmosphere so terrible that they want to end it. It's important to know that this is by perspective and everyone is different. One experience isn't anymore valid than the next. All experiences are equal when it comes to stress, anxiety, depression, and suicidal thoughts because its personal.
These issues are an inner battle.

1. You might feel that you are out of options to stem the tide or turn yourself around.

The truth is there are more options than you can possibly imagine as there is almost an infinitesimal amount of scenarios. At least one of them will work and it's hard to find it. The struggle for most people is willing themselves to search for it as its easier to let go than to push forward

3. Not everyone that wants to die does so based of there personal experiences.

A lot of people have these issues because of the chemical composition going on in there head. What can you do when your brain is constantly flooded with Serotonin and norepinephrine. Luckily medicine can play a big role in curbing these feelings. It can't get rid of them but it can help.

4. Whether you realize it or not in both chemical and situational, everything comes in waves and it can be a combination of both. They might be long or short but there is always a break. It might still be below your tolerable level but the mind always searches for it.


For anyone who has posted or will post on this subredit, there is still hope. The fact that you are here. The fact that you have reached out. Even those that claim the deed will be done at this instant and you are leaving a farewell. You are here. Your reaching out even just talk.

No one has the perfect answer for you. Everyone is unique. You need to search inside yourself for the right answer. You need to dig deep and self reflect. A lot of us have had a hard time doing that. Your back always turned to the light. Only being able to see that shadows of that in which you are searching for. The negative in all things that are good.

I implore you to turn around. Try very hard to look for the positive. Remember its all about perspective as your experiences influence your decisions. If you can change that, while also fighting those chemicals working against you, you'll make it. Force yourself to believe in it. Lie to yourself till its true. Do whatever it takes to look in the opposite direction of the end.

I've been there. Depression, anxiety, suicidal, and deep loss because of those things. I'm here now because people were there to talk to including here.
But it all came to perspective. We all live in the past. Constantly reflecting. We worry about he future. And hurt in the present.
YOU WRITE YOUR FUTURE. If you have enough control in the abyss to try and take your own life, then the opposite is the strongest force to change your future. And all thatt is, is a change in perspective. The feelings never go, but you turn them into a weapon. Into armor. It makes you the strongest living force on this planet.

I hope this helps someone because you all helped me.