[25ish white male] Listless, Drinking, Getting High. my sister comes home from her mormon mission today. i live far awy and will not see her and am afraid because i havent comunicated with her for the majority fo the 18 months shes been gone and i havent even tried to write anything to her in the last few weeks when i knew teh end was coming. i told my mom i would write to her and i didnt. hoesntly i havent even opened the last email she sent me yesterday.

about 9 months ago i moved across the country (us) to start grad school in an english program. i was given a teaching assistantship to cover the cost of tuition and i took out loans to pay for housing. my first semester started problems as i clashed with a professor about the content of one of my papers. i was attacked and made to feel like my ideas and writing were not enough and i immediately resolved to prove that my ideas adn writing was worth something. i took a whole semester of haltingly working on this paper until i finally felt like i had a good enough version and resent it for comments. it was rejected. the process continued a few more times and eventually i was awarded the lowest passing grade. this experience has left me unable to write major papers as i feel any sort of academic disagreement or view from outside the academy is not going to be supporrted in a masters program. thje first semester fo teaching went alright, though i felt very out of my element. by the escond my thoughts couldnt escape the pit id dug for myself with the first paper and it became impossible for me to sit and grade students. i ddin't feel as if i could sit in judgement of thier papers when i clearly had no way of writing papers that were acceptable in my graduate program. i ended the semester with a pile of ungraded work, thogh i taught my class throughout the semester. i was let go from the teaching program and my colleagues finished my work that i should have done the enetire semester. entering the third semester i felt even worse, more withdrawn. i stopepd seeing the counselor i had sought out toward the middle of my second term because i was just telling him the goals i thought i wanted and the things i thought i was supposed to do and telling my frustrations. but i wasnt getting any better. after the third quarter at school i am no longer going to attend and do not have a gpa that could hven kept me in the program even itf it is what i want now, which it isnt.

i cant go home agin to deal with my ssiter fresh off her mission, full of the church slogans and messages. last night having sex with my girlfriend i went for somethign rougher than normal and the way she reacted i had to leave the bedroom. i dont remember going back last night -- i remember my resolve to finish the 12 pack on top of what id already had. i woke up in bed and she kept asking me if things were ok and i was too out of it to give her a real answer. she left for work and i finally woke up and got out of bed.

sometime last night i decided i didnt want to do today. i dont want to answer to my girlfriend aout yesterday or talk about the ways that our relationship is falling apart as ive fallen into my depresssion and shut her out more and more as financial and personal obligations have built. i dont want to answer to my mother or my brothers or my sister about the church that i left or the letters i couldnt bring myself to write. i dont really want to face anything and i want to stop having to make decisions that will all just fome backa nd hant us in the end. in my youth i felt like i was supposed to make some sort of difference in teh world, that i was special. i have realized i am not, that my intelligence is a squandered talent on perpetually lazy person, who would rather do meaningless reading on teh internet than even sit down and finish the collection of ron rash stories that have been making me feel anything worth feeling lately. 

i think if i get in the car that i wont come back alive.