just listen/read i guess... It's funny because I don't know where to start. If I took a full bottle of Tylenol, ibuprofen, and Advil, does anyone know the chances of survival? I was thinking of different ways out and that one crossed my mind, but I wouldn't be sure of how much pain I would endure. I wanted it to be painless, but I guess that's not entirely possible. If you're reading this, this is going to be all over the place. It's being typed at random, so any thoughts I'm thinking right now I'm just pouring into here. I feel like life is pointless. There is absolutely no reason to be alive right now. I, for one, don't want to go to school for 20 fucking years just to go to work for another 40 years and then age into a old wrinkly body and eventually turn to dust. There is no reason. I'm obviously not living for myself or anyone else, so why am I here? Why is our purpose to attach to others and make friends and have family when one day our whole generation will be 6 ft underground? I don't understand the reason for the human race itself. We live on a giant rock that may or may not be destroyed in the future, and for what? If humans themselves, were to become extinct, the world would live on. Nothing really depends on us. Everything else would still be here, just living and moving on. The same would be if I was to die. Sure, some would grieve for some time, maybe even shed a few tears, but that's about it. Lately, I don't feel like doing anything, being a part of anything, or living in general. The shitty ass basketball team I play for just makes me frustrated. The dumbass schoolwork I don't do because it makes me annoyed. The bitchy parents that bitch about my grades, basketball, and how I force depression on myself. I just hate all of it. And truthfully, my life isn't as near as bad as half the people I know. I'm not saying I'm overdramatic... it's just that the things I'm facing are literally crumbs compared to the whole feast my acquaintances have. I wouldn't say I have depression, I'm honestly just a sensitive ass bitch. Regardless, I still have to keep living because nobody is giving me the option out of it. God sees my cries and no matter how many times I've asked him to kill me in my sleep, it fails. I know he has a reason for everything, I just wish my time would be soon. I'm trying to become better, but it's hard. And I can't tell anyone because then it will just get worse. Rehab, counseling, talking to people I just don't want to talk to. So it led me here. A place where I am completely unknown to the world. Where nobody reads my shit. And where I can act and talk however I please with zero judgement or concern. But if you're listening, somewhere out there, I beg that you say something, anything that can help. Especially if you know if a bottle of Tylenol, Advil, and ibuprofen is enough to kill me :D