i've never been this sad before, and i'm really scared.. i have no one else to turn to reddit.....look i know it sounds stupid.. but its all over a fucking girl.. well my life went to shit when i was about 10 my mom died, then a few days later, her mom died.. i was always close to her side of the family.. . i barely graduated highschool, had plans to go to college lined up, then i ended up having to move a state away  for personal reasons.. me and my father have never been close per se.. we used to fight a lot.. not so much anymore, but we dont have the typical "lets go out and play catch" type relationship.. we both just sort of do our own thing.. idk..

anyways, ive lived life being sad.. always trying to fit in.. had a few good friends, but i lost them when i moved.. i seriously have nobody anymore... i met a girl last year.. me and her really hit it off.. we moved in together.. i fell in love with her kids.. everything was going pretty great.. then we started arguing.. a lot.. i eventually accused her of cheating on me, which im still not sure if it occured or not.. and dumped her in january.. i regretted it, it was just an impulse.. i barely remember it, i just saw black.... but she was tired of everything, and didnt want to take me back.. she ended up getting back with a guy she knew like 14 years.. they dated a little while, then he fucked her over.. they split.. me and her started talking again.. we met up a few times, had sex a few times.. never went past that.. she knew i wanted her back..  then she met another guy.. she moved 3 hours away, and they dated a while.. they split up recently.. me and her started talking again.. she initiated contact this time.. she came to visit her family, and came and saw me that night.. about two weeks ago.. she stayed over, i laid and held her  all night.. i couldnt even sleep.. i couldnt believe she was back in my arms.. that morning she had to head back, for work.. i hugged her and kissed her.. told her i wanted her back.. she looked at me like she loved me.. she told me "just give me a little time.. we'll talk.." and left...i talked to her all week.she'd throw in comments like.. we'll whatever happens, i cant move back to (state im in).. i told her idc, id move to mexico to be with her... then finally i asked her if she thought about everything.. she told me she will always have love for me, but shes sorry, she just isn't in love with me.. 

my heart is fucking broken.. ive spent the last eight months trying so hard to get her back.. i thought this time i would.. she is the only girl that makes me happy... i love her so god damn much.. like when shes here, we have the greatest time together.. then its like i dont mean shit to her.. shes the only girl that makes me happy.. she cant forgive my past mistakes.. i didnt treat her right.. i was confused in life.. but i regret it now, so much.. i miss her so fucking bad.. i sent her a long message tonight, basically asking her to rethink things.. and if she still feels the same, to not worry about me anymore, im just going to delete my facebook.. which i probably will.. she wants to be friends, but ill never be happy with just friends.. im starting to finally realize me and her will never be together again. ill never hold her at night again.. ill neer tuck her kids in at night again.. this is the saddest ive ever been in my life.. i have nothing going for me anymore.. my dad is still having to support me.. i'm 20-23 years old.. idk what to do anymore.. ive really thought about suicide.. i dont want to die, but i have nothing anymore.. i have nothing, i dont even have friends to talk to, or help me through things.. i just really dont like my life.. i know shes just going to say no.. and im going to be crushed.. i dont wanna live anymore reddit.. fuck.. i know im just rambling here but i have no one anymore.. 