f35 I'm scared and not safe, my best friend f35 hurt me badly emotionally last night and my roommate kinda nonconsensual gf 29f attacked me. tw: childhood rape, suicide, emotional abuseTo start, I'm on mobile so forgive typos and wrong words. my autocorrect does weird things to what i write sometimes. I'm laying in bed crying right now with the door locked. I'm scared and i have no one in my life to vent to or to get this out of me to who I actually know at this point but i need it out there in case something goes horribly wrong through the rest of the weekend...

I invited friends over to hang out last night, after dinner the one left leaving me home with my best friend q -35f and my roommate s 29f.

I took s into my home maybe a year and a half ago now? she had been kicked out her lease for being lgbt and was at high suicide risk. well i greatly care about her and she's been pretty infatuated with me causing her to chase me pretty hard for wanting a relationship. Though o never consented to a full blown romantic relationship we ended up sleeping together and becoming fwb but the boundaries i set have been continually violated and whatever is between us is now unrecognisable to me as something I've never consented to and the lines between being a dearly loved friend/fwb/dominate to my submissive role in bed/girlfriends has become so blurred and tangled.

I've been working in therapy lately to try and figure out how to untangle myself from s but still keep her as a loved friend and essentially family because I don't have family of my own any more besides these two women, q and s. 

I had been a victim of chronic childhood rape and have been nocontact with my biological family for a year now due to feeling unsafe particularly as my parents still don't know about the rape stuff aside from that i was raped as a kid and that the preparator having been my brother, I get panic attacks/suicidal AF during family events where he may show up. Add in also being rejected by parents because of being lgbt and we've got a party down here in the South.

So now q and s are extremely drunk and Im inebriated myself on pot which gets me pretty horny so I'm in my own little world playing on my phone while they watch YouTube on the tv. 

... an aside is my cat knows I'm not well and is currently crying at the door but I'm afraid to move to let her in...

I go to the bathroom and q shouts something at me which nuked my feelings as it echoed my abuse so now any feelings of sexiness have done a 180 into feelings of extreme disgust and self hate...

I text s who has been poking me all night worried about the serious faces I've been making as i played on my phone.

s sends me a sexy picture

me (j): red, i need space for a bit

s:Okay sorry love

me:I'm going to bed. i need to be alone

s:I'm sorry J

s:I'm going to come in at some point to take my meds but I'll leave you alone. If that's what you need 

me:door is locked please no one bother me. what are your meds I'll set them out. i need isolation right now

s:J what's wrong I'm worried

me:come take them now just leave me be in the closet

me:I just need to calm down and be alone and untouched

me:no communication. just need silence in my head

me:I'm safe

this is where i move to the closet in the dark, naked as i was laying down in bed. I forgot to unlock the door though so i hear a bang as she drunkenly bypasses the door lock and some crashing sounds from the bedroom so now I'm getting scared as well.

me:please don't be angry

me:i need space I'm having a panic attack

I hear her leave the room again but quickly hear more crashing from another room. and then her back in the bedroom approaching the closet door. I'm curled up in the dark naked and trying to calm down and figure out wtf why everything is suddenly so horribly wrong when she turns on the closet light and throws the door open. I screamed afraid.

She crashes past me and is jumping up and down trying to grab something from the shelf, me crying, scared and cowering beneath her as stuff is crashing down around me from above. she pulls down the primary suicide method i have, that I've had complete in the house since my birthday last year. two bottles of chemicals that when mixed produces a deadly non painful gas.

s and I have a suicide pact after having made several attempts on our own independent of one another previously and i figured a pact would lend strength to whichever of us is the weaker one at the time so that we could make it another day because the other person wouldn't be ready to call it quits yet.

at this point I'm now crying begging her "red" over and over again which in the kink community means extreme emergency hard stop. I'm sobbing uncontrollably as she's screaming at me through her own tears. telling me "we just need to mix the chemicals and we'll be good. what are you waiting for. just fucking do it. I've (s) been holding back ideation all day and have been crying nonstop to my therapist today (she had an appointment earlier that day) that I just can't do this anymore and i don't know how q and i pissed you off but I'm sorry and i fucking needed you tonight and you got pissed and fucking went to isolate yourself."

I'm still sobbing curled up tightly shivering in fear and crying red over and over again. I start to disassociate though and feel my emotions floating away leaving me feeling hollow, a feeling I'm so used to from surviving childhood. So now with less emotions I try to diffuse the situation. Telling her i still can't be touched right now but that i hear her and I'm sorry and I just needed space and I'm scared.

She apparently hadn't seen all the texts and only got to the point where i told her to come get them. So over the next hour I'm trying to calm her down without moving from being curled up as small as i can. I get her to leave the closet without touching me and i take a minute scrambling to get dressed from within the closet as i feel vulnerable, scared and disgusted by my body. I hear her hitting herself in the bedroom at least twice.

I join her in the bedroom again not looking at her and no touching as i sit on the other side of my bed from her. I beg her and try to console her own pain with my words. she calms down and starts climbing into my bed so im forced to speak up that "I'm sorry, but i still need to be alone tonight. I can't be touched right now... I'll give you the bed if you want it and I'll be elsewhere but i need space tonight"

She starts crying some again so i ask her to drink a 'reasonable' amount of zquil and that she'll be better when she's not drunk any more. She again starts to calm down a little bit it starts again as I stand and start moving towards the door. I have to calm her by touch. sacrificing another piece of myself and what i need in the moment for someone else and still all i can manage is putting my hand on her forehead.

I leave the bedroom, shaking from adrenaline and fear but with most of my own pain now suppressed and more of a doll throbbing as I'm well into disassociation. Q is gone... I check my phone to find she's sent an angry text about being left alone at some point during all of this and on Google maps it now shows her back at home that she must've gotten an Uber.

So I'm wired from having had red bull cocktails earlier and all the adrenaline and fear. I find and message a domestic abuse hotline which helped a lot in the moment last night though was still scared as s is just asleep still in the other room. finally I'm alright enough to try to sleep though i keep jerking wide eyed awake at every bump in the house from my nest I've made on the floor of the office. so i go to her own bed because she sure isn't using it... I lock the door and climb in bed and for the past 4 hours ive managed sleep, I've been stuck in nightmare land. ironically it's one I had the night before as well that ended up coming true in the events of the day. I woke up the other night before screaming and crying also...

The dream being that my father is chasing me around my parents house trying to get me. Me begging that i just need space, to please let me be alone for just a minute. Well what was an unrefined nightmare yesterday night, tonight was refined as fucking hell and vivid as he'd try to grab me and touch me as he got near and me screaming crying and running from place to place in the house but never able to get away...

So now I'm laying here on a giant stuffed animal caterpillar, my face hurts from crying nonstop. S texted me this message earlier in the morning.

s:I know you don't want to hear from me right now. I'm sorry about everything. I didn't see most of these texts last night. When I read isolation I was triggered and spiraled. I had been trying to repress my ideations since therapy. I hate myself for invading your space when you needed to be alone. I just wanted to die. Still do honestly. I was never angry at you I just had nothing to hold onto 

I'm scared to make any sound in case i wake her up. I've texted q now who is hurt herself because I ignored her... to her I've said:

me:i can't talk to anyone right now but i need you to know that last night's series of events have greatly hurt me badly. I'm in a lot of pain, scared and alone

me:I've managed maybe 4 hours of sleep of a constant nightmare and have been crying nonstop

so now i lay here. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to take care of myself in this moment when I'm scared of s, angry and hurt by q and disgusted by myself and in so much pain that ideation is definitely happening. I'm not safe...

tldr... I'm scared, suicidal and alone. I'm scared to say the wrong thing to my friend who I've found myself in a relationship I've never consented to. I'm afraid that she'll hurt herself and though I've put so much effort into being a survivor, i still carry a death wish and could care less about what happens to myself.

honestly i intended this to be posted on /relationships because I've had so many cries for help overlooked here before in /sw and it hurts... a lot. especially as I've a need to be seen and I just want someone to understand how fucking monumentally hard I've been trying... but because i was raped i don't belong in /relationships. :'( I'm honestly crying again and more suicidal now than before writing all this useless fucking meaningless garbage. I really should just give in