I cant think of a title.I guess i will start off with apologizing.

Everyone here really does an amazing job helping people in need.
Lending a hand out to someone who needs it to hold on to.

In doing what i just did, I am spitting on your good gestures and going on a darker path.

I want to say sorry to my best friend. Zane, you've been there for me when no one else was. You're a brother to me and im sorry for what i am about to put you through.

You're at work right now, going to school and keeping a 3.9.

you'll be fine man.

I know i am a huge dick for being so selfish but i cant take what im going through right now man.

i dont expect you to ever understand it..im sorry.


Mom- Im sorry i wont be able to be there for you if you ever need me.
I was supposed to be something.

You and dad raised me to go to college, get a degree, and be successful.

Im sorry i messed it up mom. 
Im sorry for what you're about to feel. Im sorry i couldnt be the son you and dad wanted me to be.


Dad- I was going to start this off by saying "fuck you" for leaving me and mom by ourselves.

But at this point it isnt even worth it.

You quite literally made your bed and i dont feel pitty or remorse for the guilt i hope you feel when this is all over.

maybe you went through something that changed you. You were an amazing dad growing up.

Then you changed.

You started losing your temper, stopped caring about the business you grew into a small empire.

What happened dad?

and why do i have to ask this now when ive tried to ask multiple times and you brush me aside like a piece of shit.

Sorry..but fuck you dad


So there it is folks.
My goodbye letter.

I dont really want to go into details about what led up to me taking 40 vicodin 10 minutes ago but i dont see a way out.

Maybe there is a way out..maybe i could have gotten out of this.

I just dont care now.
I cant take the pain any more.
I cant take the stress.

I'll respond to comments here for the next couple minutes i guess.

There's really no point now though.



