Slipping again.If it's of any importance, my post history might give better background. I made a few posts here around a month ago as some of the things I'll mention in this post happened. It might not matter, anyway. 

Got back from visiting my friend in Japan about a week ago. Felt fine while I was out there and after I got back up until yesterday. Really wanted to kill myself before I headed out there and decided I'd do it after I got back. After that I did a test run of my chosen method and surprisingly I got things right. I scared the fuck out of myself after I realised I may have nearly snuffed it and told my therapist at my next CBT session. He got in touch with my GP, who suggested referring me on to a nearby mental health team, and I was temporarily discharged from CBT.

I'd already been assessed by this service twice before, so I wasn't expecting anything to come of it, but then I hadn't done anything towards taking my life. During this assessment I couldn't help but feel like the underlying message was 'well you told your therapist so you didn't really want to do it and therefore aren't that bad.' In her words, the nurse who assessed me said that the people she knew of who had killed themselves 'didn't advertise it.' I get that a lot of the time people are crying for help and don't really want to die, but for fuck's sake, am I meant to get help for myself or not?!

Anyway, after the assessment she said she'd talk to her colleagues and let me know. She rang last week and said she'd spoken to the therapist I was seeing before. He apparently said it was like I expected somene to wave a magic wand and make it all better, and that I didn't engage with CBT at all. This really pissed me off, he never said anything like that to me in the sessions. I'll admit to not doing a lot of the work, but for a lot of the time I was attempting to not fail uni, and after I failed the year I wasn't exactly motivated. Hell, even when he spoke to me on the phone to tell me he'd referred me on the way he spoke made it sound like it was CBT that wasn't doing anything for me rather than me being a lazy shit and not even attempting to engage with treatment.

So I'm waiting to hear from this other service and I'm not expecting them to take me on. I don't want to go back to CBT either. I don't think I have any other real options for treatment, and even if I did I'm stuck in this weird limbo of being too severe for some places who get all jumpy at any mention of the 's' word but not being severe enough for others. 

Kind of feeling like I've hit a dead end. I sort of don't mind, though. I just wish I had the guts to get it over with. I'm doing (failing) a useless degree and getting into a shit ton of debt in the process, I have no plan for the future and I'm just dead weight.