.I could have been born as a fly only to get stuck in a web and get devoured by a creepy spider. I could have been born as a billionaire with unlimited access to everything in the world and live a grandiose life. Why am I alive? Why do I need to be alive? There are millions of organisms on earth born everyday that are living in harsh and cruel conditions, being unhappy and trying hard to survive. None of them want to be here, so why all of them and me, why are we alive? What is the point of being alive and why can't I just know it? And what if the point of being alive is to be happy and I am not happy? Then what? I am here and thinking about random stuff but will I be myself once I die? Will my consciousness survive my death? Will I meet god when I die? Will I have any good answer to all my questions one day? I don't even know what to do anymore. No. I never knew what to do. Surviving or trying my best just for the sake of it. Yes it works for a few years but after a while I need a deeper reason to work. What is it? What is the deep reason, what is my role? And what if I hate my role and don't want to do it? What if I give up because I don't agree with the ''universe'' rules? Am I forced to do it anyway? Will I be reborn to retry over and over again or will I just die? I wish I would know more about this world and my place in it, outside of science and religion and philosophy. I want real answers. Don't feel surprised if I slack off and contemplate this dark idea because man you leave me here with no guidance and quite honestly I just don't take it seriously because I am going to die anyway AND there is no explanation. There is absolutely no explanation of anything. I mean a real one. I'm gonna keep trying but whatever. I just don't know what to do or think anymore. I guess I just have to live a simplistic life and not look for any deep meaning. Just find a girl get kids get a house and make sure the kids are doing well later in life. That's my life right? Am I allowed to say that I find this very boring and limiting? Maybe I'm just dumb lol. But I just don't get it. Sorry.