i'm still suicidal after a nearly fatal attempti'm a 27 year old female. i'm legally blind and have several severe mental health diagnoses including ptsd and major depressive disorder with psychotic symptoms. 

in may of 2020, i had a spouse, i had a job, i had my independence. i was struggling with ptsd recovery and drug dependency (alcohol and kpins/etiz, mostly.)

in june, i took a combination of medication that's very likely to be fatal and ended up in a coma for 5 days, on a ventilator for two. i have a brain injury now. i left my husband, isolated myself from my friends and moved in with my parents 2 hours away from my old life. i spend everyday laying in bed reading, listening to music and participating in somewhat disturbed online communities to pass the time.

after my attempt, my mom expected that i would regret it, be afraid that i could have died (lmao) or have permanent brain damage (still not unlikely.) i don't regret it though.

my best friend, the one who called 911 on me during my attempt, killed himself exactly 2 months after i tried to. i obviously lost my job and have had to resort to unfortunate acts to make money. i hadn't lived with my parents in 10 years and now i'm stuck in their basement. i've tried to reach out to supports that were offered to me in the psych ward but have received little help. (my trauma therapist is amazing but there's not much he can do about my financial situation or shitty neurological health.)

i don't care about who i hurt or scared when i attempted the first time. i'm resentful that i didn't die. if my friend hadn't called 911, i would've been dead within the hour. i'm selfish and i'm aware of that and i don't care. i spend everyday wishing i had succeeded. 

i guess my intention with posting this is, is there anything i'm missing? i feel like i've tried to reach out to family and community supports but i'm not getting anywhere. i try to appreciate the little things like my auntie bringing me coffee and a donut the other morning. i try to reach out to my old friends but i'm so prepared to die that my attempts seem futile to both parties. 

am i missing something??? it feels like my life should have ended months ago.