Wrote a note to my wife this morning just in case.My wife and I are in a horrible rough patch with a lot of ups and downs. There are good days and bad days with us and we're in a hugely transitional phase in our relationship. You can read about it some [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/38im23/this_year_my_battle_with_depression_has_gotten_so/).

Basically, I've done a poor job of showing her my love and now the whole relationship is at risk. I'm trying to repair it but uncertain if I can at this point. If she left I know it would crush me and also that I'd never give up trying to get her back and it would be miserable for her. I don't know if I could ever recover from her leaving. Hence, I wrote this note while I'm still coherent in case I decide on suicide.

"Red,

I love you more than I know how to express and (apparently) more than I could ever show you. I'm sorry I was never a very good husband for you. It's my biggest regret that lately I couldn't make you understand or feel how very deeply I love you. I've always done an awful job of expressing the love I feel for others, apparently worse than I was even aware of. There's part of me that wishes Id never left [redacted] to come here and pursue my silly dreams. We were so poor then, as we always would be, but so happy. But now I've become such a burden to you. I haven't worked for years because like some idiot I thought school was more important. I thought too much about the future and not enough about the present. I know now that stupid pipe dreams aren't what's important but holding on to the people you love is what matters most. If you're reading this then it means I realized that far too late to do anything about it. All I want now is for you to be free if that's what you want. If I didn't do this you'd never be free of me. I know I'd never give up because you're the love of my life and I've just never been one to quit on my relationships. I don't want you to go on through life worrying about me or being afraid of me. If I've gone through with this and you're holding this in your hand I did this to release you and give you the freedom to do whatever you need to do absolutely unhindered by me or my insecurities. Don't feel sad for me or like you're a lesser person because you couldn't help me. Nobody could.

There was a time once when we saw each other through fresh, young eyes and brought out the best in each other. A time where we each made the other person feel like no dream was impossible. That time is long passed but I want you to go out there and accomplish everything you ever wanted to do. I never ever want somebody like me to hold you back ever again.

Love,

[redacted]