10/29/2020 - ThursdayI’m gonna start logging and writing about how I feel when I see fit, i think it might be healthier, since i don’t feel comfortable talking about these things with anyone I know. It’s 6:33 AM as i write this. I feel all empty and hopeless again, probably because I didn’t sleep last night. My sleep schedule’s been really fucked up lately. I don’t remember when it started, maybe when I got back from Dad’s. I don’t remember when that happened either. Was it three weeks ago? Maybe, every day looks the same. My sense of time i’s fucked too cause I sleep whenever I feel like and it’s destroying me. Maybe i’ll get it together hopefully today, i’m gonna drink coffee and hold my eyes open with bobby pins if it comes to it. Not really though. I’ve got no shirt on right now, just pants and socks. Theyre the pants i got from the shop at college. Fuck. right now i could be hanging out, no i could be WORKING and getting a career or something instead of sitting here on my laurels. Okay so here’s what i do when i get up (if i get up) if it’s dinner time i’ll eat dinner and maybe hang out upstairs, but mom and nicholas usually watch TV together, sometimes the dogs are out and sitting with them. they ‘ll just sit and watch. I think my mom is watching some crime show. I remember seeing an episode where a guy jams a screwdriver into the barrel of a gun, he was trying to fuck up the spiraling tracks inside the barrel that score the bullet when it gets fired. He was trying to make it so forensics couldn’t identify the gun. It was smart, but he only screwed up the tip, so forensics found it anyway. I’m not using my head. Ive never felt stupider in my life than these past few months. I don’t do shit for anyone. Whell sometimes i do chores. I’m on citalopram. 40 mgs. It somewhat helps. But it;s the difference between salt in a wound and lemon juice in a wound. Everything sucks, and it’s fucked, but less so if i take the pill. I’ve been listening to some piano music these past few hours like avril 14th and nanou2 and merry christmas mister lawrence, which is probably just making things worse, but it’s comforting in some weird twisted way. Have you seen the ads on youtube by the presidents? Donald trump’s ads are all colorful and they have text in ALL cAPITALS and there’s dramatic music and stuff. YOU WON’T BELIEVE WHAT BIDEN DID or SAID, IT”S CRAZY. Holy shit man you’re marketing to LEGAL ADULTS not ten year olds, calm down. He’s trying to tap into the lowest common denominator, the people who sit and drool. Biden’s ads are more mature looking, like they were meant to be seen by the people old enough to actually vote. I lost my train of thought, damn it. My cat can probably tell i’m upset right now, because she’s sitting here with me and being all cuddly. Actually no she’s just being needy. She’s reaching out and tapping my shoulder and then licking me. It really hurts after a while, but try explaining that to a cat. They don’t hurt when they’re licking themselves cuz they have fur all over their bodies. I briefly thought about killing myself earlier, it wasn’t super detailed, just like “Hey, everything is fucked, i don’t really wan’t to be alive, maybe i should just get it over with because i can’t see any way out of this mess.” I recently thought of something, maybe this is all in my head, the whole universs. What if i just made it all up in my head and nothing’s real? These people are suffering because i created them and created a world that sucks, and i’m sorry for that. Best case scenario if i kill myself then everything will cease to be. There will be no happiness, but no pain either. I felt just fine before i was born. I have no way of proving this. What a crock of shit. I’m 19 but i feel like i’m 59. It’s 7:01 AM now, someone is probably awake. Actually nicholas probably already left for work at six-ish. I’m gonna shower now because i feel gross. Physically i feel gross. I also feel gross emotionally but a shower can’t fix that. I might write more when i get out of the shower, maybe not. I’m not real sane at the moment, showers calm me down so i might not write until THE NEXT EPISODE.