I hate it hereI thought getting into a top college would make everyone proud. After all, I had been working 18 years for this moment to come. But it's still not enough for everyone. Someone always has to remind me of my failures and put me down. Calling me worthless and a failure. I'm sorry I keep failing my driving test. I'm sorry my legs aren't long enough. I'm sorry I'm not tall enough. I'm sorry I'm not pretty enough. I'm sorry I'm not skinny enough. Why do you always have to ask so much of me? Havent I done enough?

I had a classmate during my senior year of high school. I was a senior and she was a sophomore. I was the typical female Asian student who obsessed over getting good grades. She was the stereotypical "failure" of a teenager who used substances, ditched classes, and had poor grades. She was my partner for a few weeks. I really liked talking to her. I thought she was funny at times. There was a time when a narc came into our classroom and she panicked and asked me if she looked high. I didnt know what that meant so I said no. The narc went away anyway so she was safe. I was checking my grades on my phone one day and she looked over and commented on them. She asked me how I was able to do it and how she wished she could get good grades as well. I was ignorant at the time and just thought she didnt work hard enough but there were probably many reasons why she couldn't get As in school. Maybe it was due to her environment, her family situation, the influences that surrounded her. She was the kindest person I ever met. I respected her even though she fit the stereotypical Hispanic girl that my parents always talked smack about at home.

Sometimes I wonder what it wouldve been like to have her life. She had a good relationship with her mother from what I've heard. Her mother cared for her and supported her. What would it have been like if I didnt obsess so much over grades. If my parents didn't push me to do well in school. If I could have access to Marijuana and use it as an escape from reality from time to time despite knowing it would impair my cognitive function. I'd like to think I would enjoy living a life not having to worry about living up to so many harsh expectations from my family and community. I dont know everything about her life. She must have probably had to deal with many unique problems of her own and maybe she still does. But I wonder if I would still feel the way I do right now if I hadn't been forced to obsess over grades and test scores so much. If I had supportive parents that would've respected my freedom and my choices. I spent so much time worrying about numbers, I dont even really know what I want in life anymore. I just spend my free time on the internet, sleeping, and thinking when my mind won't allow me to sleep. I feel trapped and I hate it.