I dont know where to start. I need help.Hi 

This is gonna be a long one so lets start this shall we. 

I am an 18 year old male who is currently trying to finish matric/final year of highschool for the second time. First time i stopped because i was ill but actually it was because i couldnt cope but i just lied to get out of it. That bought me six months. 2015 rolls around same shit. So im sure you are asking why couldnt you just do the work. Im not very smart i know this and i have learnt to accept it. I keep bashing my head against the wall and i keep feeling like im going nowhere. I was tormented in school to the point i moved to home school just to get away. I have an inate fear of school at this point where my legs go weak and my body becomes lame. I cant breathe and sometimes i almost black out. I feel that if i that i cant handle this anymore. I dont leave my house for weeks on end. I dont have any friends or anyone to really talk to so i have dived into video games as a way of trying to get ideal comfort but alas this has made my problems worse. I often get in to screaming matches and breakdown crying with my parent. My family sees me as a disappointment or atleast thats what im given to understand. I want to drop out at this point. I feel like i am beating a dead horse. My family has told me that i will have no future if i do that and im believe them. Im starting to feel my options are limited and that suicide is becoming the only option. Yeah i could phone some suicide hotline or go see doctors but it doesnt fix my problem in just pro-longs it. I will work hard but i feel like this piece of paper determines my future. I dont want to work at mcdonalds for the rest of my life. I want more. I often feel like a retarded person in a normal persons body. Im slower than everyone else. I have tried so hard. I keep trying and i keep failing i have tried to study but my brain doesnt keep the information at all. I am so scared and no one can help me. Sad thing is if i had a job that was decent i would work so hard. I just struggle with this studying stuff. So i dont even know what to ask you guys. Hell i dont even know if anyone gives a crap to read this. I need help.