A recent developmentI've been searching for some answers to cut to the core of my dysthymia.  I decided to start reading some of the entries from my journal, which I started writing when I was 18 (I'm 24 now). I realized that back then, I was wrestling with a lot of the same issues that I am now. I didn't know what to do with my life, I didn't know why I was sad and upset all the time (though I understand it more now), and I had an extremely low level of self-esteem/confidence. I started to put the pieces together and I realized that, for the better part of my life, I've been going through the motions, and I never really asked myself "what do you want to be when you grow up?". I simply never had an answer. I was asked that a few years ago when I was at a stupid orientation for the second time at Starbucks, the guy was asking everyone "what did you want to be when you were growing up?" and I was the only one that stopped and said "I don't know... I never had an answer" and he made some stupid quip about how it's "always good to dream". I never put much thought to that. When I graduated college almost 2 years ago I was so depressed, and now I realize it was because I hated my major, and I did it because everyone said I was "good at it" and "I could make a lot of money". I really tried hard to like it. I tried a few jobs and an internship related to my major, and I just got fired from the one I had because my boss said I didn't like my job enough. I look at all my friends who have jobs that they like, they work hard and party after, and all I can think about is how I wasted a whole day at work and now I have to catch up on the things I like to do, not get totally wasted and celebrate. 

What this triggers in me is really negative, suicidal thoughts. Thoughts that I will never figure out what I want in life, and that all of these "interests" (music, audio engineering, film, photography, art in general, skating, social issues, whatever) are just hobbies that I will never be that great at, and that I could never possibly be able to survive on. The major that I chose (Info Systems) completely destroyed my love for science, because it reduced it to a service industry, just like my job right now, delivering pizzas. I worked with computers my whole life, but don't think I ever thought to myself "I want to be a Database Admin/System Admin/Project Manager/Programmer when I grow up"...and yet I wasted 4 1/2 years learning how to do that. I moped around for the last 18 months wondering what happened to my life.  I think a lot of it goes back to depression, because a lot of times, I can't tell what makes me happy anymore.. nothing does, not even the things I like doing, so how can I decide on one thing to do? I wonder what if I chose to do one of these things, and then I wake up in 5 years and wonder why I'm doing this all over again? What the fuck is the point? I don't even know where to begin now. I feel like I was robbed of the past 10 years of my life because of depression and now I have to start all over again, with no direction, no support, no one to relate to. Everyone is off reaping the benefits of a life of hard work, traveling, working jobs they love, getting married, and I feel like I'm 14 all over again. Has anyone else gone through this? Can anyone tell me what to do? I almost don't even care anymore. I feel like just dying at like 32 or something, so I can at least live out my 20's and give up when it's over. It's incredibly short sighted, but that's the story of my life I guess.