So close to doneMy wife and I always fight, occasionally she says nasty things like she no longer loves me, or she hasn't for some time, she even uses the kids in our fights. I know I am codependent, but this is what usually starts it for me, the thoughts of suicide. I usually don't do it as we have three kids, two with additional needs, and I think about what live all four of them would have without me bringing in the money. But that is all I am.

My wife has no social life, home and a college degree she is doing. 
I have given up all my social outlets for her, bar one, a mistress that she knows about that I see maybe once a week, she was OK about it at first, but now, not so much. I'd give her up in a heart beat, but if my wife doesn't love me what is the point?

In the last 48 hours I flew back from interstate due to work;

Last night in my hotel room, I was drawn to the balcony. The 19th floor, with a beautiful view of the mountains behind the city I was in. I was above the awning over the driveway where drop off/pickup happened. That the awning had these tan plastic pyramids, some of which looked new, I surmised the ones that where new had probably been damaged by other people jumping. I wondered if I pushed off if I could hit a new one.
I wondered how I could make it look like an accident, maybe walking out "tripping" over the ledge that led out to the balcony or something.

I looked at the high voltage substation down past the petrol station, I looked at the wooden doors and how I could probably pick them, high-voltage could be one way to ensure death, although burning from the inside out wouldn't be fun, also can't really make it look like an accident.

I saw some office buildings near where I work, the one nearest has stairs that seem to lead to the 4th floor, and all the buildings in that campus have fire stairs that are somewhat open that lead all the way to the roof, unfortunately they are only about 7/8 stories tall, not a guaranteed death at the bottom.