Oh Mylanta, smarter than the intake or therapistI made phone calls to reach out for help. I don't have a mental illness or addiction and I'm not an SSI/SSDI candidate. 

But I'm going thru pure hell. 

Middle age people age out of the work force through no fault of their own. Co's don't want us. They want you lovely, tech savvy, job switching, roommate loving Millennials. 

Middle age people need to work too. But we're seen as medical liabilities or legal liabilities if we know too much.

Not everyone marries or has children. Some have to earn strong incomes to live. We outgrew roommates a long time ago. You will too. 

We desire boundaries, respect, and appreciation for what we worked hard for. 

The FREE or sliding scale places are not what I'm accustomed to. 
It's the same quality as those here who posted about, calling "S" hotline. You get an intern still in training, using you for your testimony to build up their college papers, or the newly graduated, recently certified one who didn't experience a life setback; was never homeless, never lost a job, didn't experience middle age health issues.

They have their nicely decorated office, a business card with a Title, family photos on the desk, and a relaxed demeanor. 

I explain my circumstances, they pause and go into script mode, scripting is calming for them, b/c if they get too close to me, they might catch my circumstances which isn't contagious, but in their pristine mind, it is.

Most new clinicians or intake people talk hyper fast. They don't listen to understand, they listen to respond. Sometimes I'll say something innocuous to see if they're paying attention or tracking with me. 

Like, "I don't have insurance." She says, "Oh it's only $200/month for me with ACA." I said, "That's the premium, add copay &amp; deductible." You take your annual deductible and divide by 12 mos. That's your monthly premium. $1000/month

Can't you take "any job til you find the one you're looking for?" I thought managers make that choice, not the applicant. How long does min wage or under $20/hr last when housing, utilities and healthcare absorbs most of that check? 

Did you know that insurance doesn't cover all claims? How many people are filing bankruptcy in the U.S. for medical bills they couldn't pay due to insurance Co's denying claims? We didn't include any medications or other needs like a gym to calm our nerves due to the insanity of our Gov't and economy. 

I leave out the homeless part til the end b/c we know that's the big stigma. It's like the plague, "something must be wrong with him/her, how can he/she have college, be well spoken, no addictions, no obvious impairments, and have a car and no home? Oh my, we can have him/her work for us, we can't offer free or sliding scale counseling. Our funds come from county and local donators. We cant place him/her into a target group to file for reimbursement. 

Pass the buck: 'Sorry, I don't know what to tell you, I can give you more resource #'s, did you try 211?"

We've all heard this.

Why not find out the root cause? 

They're trained to treat the obvious symptom, and not the root cause. What are some of our root causes? 

Not working again. Not having any way to earn an income to maintain my dignity, pay off my adult bills before housing and healthcare kicks in. Facing reality and tuning out the platitudes, and well wishes. Actions speak louder, but no one cares. 

No one cares. Empty, invisible, hard earned accomplishment devalued, and ignored. If they recognize me for me, then they'd have to do something. Dehumanizing is easier. It sanitizes their conscience, and creates a "just a job" barrier, keep it moving.