There's something to be said...There's something to be said about a man that's planning his own death after his children are grown and leading lives of their own. 20 years minimum and I can finally end the pain I'm constantly in. Problem is, nobody believes I'm in so much pain.

Not that I blame them for not noticing, I tend to hide such things quite well most of the time. But my resolve is slowly starting to fade. Each day I feel the clawing of psychosis at the edge of my mind. The desire for all of this to end, and for me to finally find some semblance of peace. Each day gets harder and harder to deal with, I feel myself slowly slipping backwards with no real hope or desire to stop it. I've come to accept such a thing, as painful as it is to do so.

I'm tired. Tired of the visions and the voices. Tired of the demon I see in the mirror. Tired of seeing my dead son every day but unable to touch him, no matter how much I want to or how hard I try. It's torture. Torture that nobody I know could ever hope to understand. I'm a fragment of the person I used to be, if that even.

I wish I wasn't like this. I've seen what parents like myself, with my problems, inadvertently do to their children as they grow up. My son knows something is wrong, I can see it on his face when he looks at me. Happy, yet sad at the same time. I'm just glad he's still young enough not to understand. I never want him to understand lest he hate me for what I've become.

What I'm going to do will stick with them the rest of their lives, but after I'm gone I don't want them, any of them, to think of me at all. I'm not worth remembering.

Each day I go to bed my last concious thought is hoping I never wake up again. I've thought about killing myself more times than I can count, and I've almost done it several times but back out at the last minute.

My wife can't understand, no matter how I try to explain it, or how often. She just can't. Weather she is unable to or just refuses to I can't say, but it's been so long I've come to realize that I don't want her to.

It's a sad thing. I love them all so much but all I do is hurt people. I've heard as much too many times for me to ever question it. Everybody else is right and I am wrong. It's always been that way, even from my childhood.

I wonder if anybody actually even believes me. Again, I doubt it. If they do they don't show it, or don't care. Frankly they're better off if they don't care. It will make it easier for them to forget me once I'm finally dead.

Cruel, heartless, ignorant, stupid, selfish, lazy. I'm all that and nothing more in the eyes of most that know me. The faux friendships I have only serve to reinforce my beliefs, and act as a distraction as I simply wait for the years to tick by.

...I wish I had never met my wife. I don't say that out of anger or hatred. I say that because I feel sorry for her. Stuck with a monster like me is bound to break even the most resolute person I've ever known. I know, she loves me, but I wish she didn't. Because if she didn't she would be free of all of this. Free of me and the kids. Free to live her life, how she pleases, like she's always wanted to. I wouldn't even blame her for leaving, with or without the kids. I'd do right by them and take solace in the fact that she's finally happy.

These thoughts are relentless, even now my mind drifts to the various kitchen knives at my disposal. How easy it would be simply to slice myself open. It's quiet enough I could do so right now and nobody would know till morning. It's tempting.

Being honest with myself, I'm the problem. I've always been the problem. I know it but try to deny it. I'm a cancer to everyone I know. And with cancer there is really only one recourse. Cut it out, irradiate the shit out of it then bury it so deep in the ground even time forgets about it. Secretly that's what I want, that's all I want. To be buried and forgotten. That way I can't do anymore harm to those I love. Sure the pain they would feel might be considerable, but somebody like me would, and should, be forgotten quickly. His demise celebrated as a good thing for the world. I'm nothing but poison and wish I would just keel over and die from my own toxicity. If only that were possible. Again, it's something I would welcome. And it's the only thing I would deserve. It's the only thing I DO deserve.

Nobody is honest with me about that though. I see it in their eyes even if their mouths never speak the words. It's not hard to miss. They know I deserve it too. And it's not something I'm about to argue because they're correct. I simply deserve to die.