I don’t know what to do with myself [Depression and Anxiety Story]20, male and I have autism. I’ve been depressed for 7 years, on and off. I needed to get everything out of my system. This is a story about my depression and anxiety from the start to now. It’s a long story so bare with me.

My depression started when my dad was suppose to come down and visit my family (me, my mum and my sister) around the time of my birthday. My mum and dad are divorced so I barely saw him. I was very excited that he was coming. He decided to cancel his visit the day he was going to come down. After my mum told me on the way back from my friends house, I was heartbroken. When we got in, my mum called my dad and had a massive go at him. My sister was in the same boat as me and had some things to say to him also. From what I can remember from the call, he just didn’t seem to care how distraught my sister and I were. Ever since that day, the communication between my dad and I heavily decreased and eventually stopped. The only contact I get from him is a poxy card on my birthday and Christmas with the same meaningless message: “I love you... May all your wishes come true.” I can’t even remember what the guy looks like now. For a couple of years now, I’ve decided to remove my middle name (which is his first name) from all documents. 

All I ever wanted was to have a father figure in my life and he’s stripped that chance of me ever having one. To this day, I’m still angry at him and disappointed in his behaviour. There isn’t a day I don’t think about it. I don’t think I can ever get over the fact that he practically abandoned me. I’ve often thought about trying to get into contact with him but when I bring it up with my mum, she has a negative outlook on it: “I don’t want to see you disappointed and hurt.” 

This dramatically affected my mood during the last 2 years of secondary school. Some days I wouldn’t even talk to anyone at school; I’d sit in the canteen at break and be in my own silent bubble. I hated going to school and felt disrespected by my teachers, which got me into a lot of trouble. I was down all the time and had suicidal thoughts. I was also worried about the future; I had no idea what I wanted to do and I had to continue being in education past secondary school. Exams were pretty daunting too. I ended up seeing a counsellor, that would come to my school. Being able to get things off my chest and talk about situations that was happening at the time helped me out a little bit. Eventually I cut it off as it stopped helping. 

I decided to go to college. I studied gaming and creative computing. This is the part where my depression disappeared. I enjoyed thoroughly college at the start; the atmosphere was great (as I felt independent), the structure of the work fit me perfectly (all coursework and no exams), I finally met a group of people (which I felt like I could fit well in) and felt respected and got on with some of my teachers. The first year was the best year of education; everything just felt right. My enjoyment gradually decreased; the atmosphere became more disturbing (because of personality clashes) and there wasn’t really a structure anymore. I was going to go to university at the end of college, and study a similar subject, but I just fell out of love of the subject so I didn’t want to pursue that career path anymore.

One reason I can think of why I wasn’t as depressed was because my mind was distracted by something I liked doing, which goes hand in hand when doing hobbies and interests. I still had a negative outlook but it wasn’t as severe as it was (and what it is now). I was able to cope with any negative thoughts I had.

After leaving college, I decided I needed to get a job. It took a lot of motivation to start applying for jobs; I wanted a break from the time I spent at college and my attitude was lazy, which didn’t help. Eventually I started applying for work and got a job at a supermarket. I had to go in and do some training. On the first day of training, I travelled to the shop where it would be taking place and I just couldn’t enter the building. I pretty much had an anxiety or panic attack and travelled back home. I was gutted I couldn’t go through with it, disappointed and angry at myself. It’s hard to describe what caused the attack as I am still trying to figure out why it occurred.

This triggered my depression to return. I didn’t want to leave the house and was sad all the time. A couple of months passed by and I saw a counsellor, who was specialised in dealing with people on the Autistic spectrum. That helped a little bit with my mood. It was also interesting understanding my Autism and Autism in general. I also did CBT through the NHS. That helped me deal with a lot of smaller anxieties I had but still couldn’t get over the subject around jobs. 

During this time, key changes happened in my life. My mum came out with my best friend’s mum. My family and my friend’s family have known each other for at least a decade. It was a shock to me, as I couldn’t see it, and I wasn’t really bothered about it. As long as my mum was happy, I’d be happy for her. Along with that, they wanted to move in with each other for two reasons; their relationship and their business. It was cheaper to work from home than to rent office space and they couldn’t afford to run 2 houses so they decided the best thing to do for all of us to move in with each other. Under 1 roof, it would be me, my mum, my sister, my friend, his mum and his sister. The way this would work would be to renovate my house and turn it into 5 bedroom house. During the build, my mum and I moved in with my friend’s family. Our sisters had to stay with their boyfriend’s family as we there wasn’t enough space in the house for all of us to live in. 

Living at my friend’s house was the worst time for me; I had to get use to there (my mate and his mum) tendencies and how they interacted with everyone, the house was small and felt very cramped and the environment got toxic very quickly due to various things my mate and his mum were doing to me. His mum recorded private conversations I was having, my mate would shout at me about petty things and both of them would speak down and belittle me. It got hostile very quickly. I ended up getting thoughts about cutting myself, which I never acted on. I told my mum all of this and the best thing she could muster up is “I could move you into a council house if you don’t like living with us.” My sister was feeling neglected by my mum, because of the situation she put us in, which worsened my mood. We moved into the renovated house around Christmas. I’ve been living here for 3 months now. It has gotten a little bit better with my friend and his mum but I still feel the same about the living arrangement. 

I just feel like our mums have rushed their relationship and the want of living together. I feel like they only want to benefit themselves and not bother about what everyone else thinks. I get the argument that my mum wants to be happy but I can’t help feeling like this. I also feel like my mum was changed for the worse; constantly wanting to please her partner and ultimately becoming the beta to her partner’s alpha. 

You know how I said I thought I found a group of people that I could fit in well with at college. I don’t speak to them anymore because of the pettiest reason; I sent screenshots from one WhatsApp group chat to another group chat. The subject of those screenshots were about trash talking one group of people on a video game. I understand why the people who did get annoyed were annoyed with me. I apologised and explained my side to one of the guys who was annoyed at me but it wasn’t good enough for him, and then the whole group. It’s like it’d be a blow to his ego if he thought he was slightly wrong. 4 years of building up friendships, where I was able to talk about anything to them, wasted. Does wn the drain because of a couple of screenshots. It’s very hard to except this and the logistics confuse me every time I think about it. 

All this has caused more suicidal thoughts and more thoughts about cutting myself than ever before. I know that committing suicide is such a cop out, and cutting myself is stupid, but it’s like a constant battle between logic and my emotions. I’ve currently started taking antidepressants but I don’t feel like they’re helping at the moment. I’ve been in contact with the NHS again about getting support but as I’ve learnt before, it’s going to take months. I don’t think I’ll be able to wait that long.

I’ve applied for university and I’m planning on going in September. If nothing changes, I’m not going to make it. Everything I use to like doing, I hate now. Sleeping is a chore; the negative thoughts and overthinking start to occur at night. Getting out of bed is a gruelling task; I have nothing to look forward and no motivation. The only reason I get out of bed is to shower and eat. People keep telling me to move out, get a job and/or “in 6 months, your life will be different.” I have no income, my anxieties stop me from working and I need something now to get to the future. 

Everyday, I think more and more about pulling the plug. Thinking of ways to do so. My outlook on life is now what’s the point in doing anything when it will either get worse overtime, evaporate or be taken away from me. All I ever do is wait and be patient and I’m sick of it. I honestly don’t know what to do with myself anymore and how to cope with how I’m feeling. It’s just never ending and I just want it to stop.