I WILL die a virgin. I will not experience life's purpose. I will never know love..I haven't been diagnosed but I am 99% sure I am autistic. It runs in my family and I show almost all of the traits. This means I can't understand how to socialise normally. I have no idea how to have a conversation and I come off as creepy and weird.

.I also have crippling anxiety. I physically can't talk to girls or people I don't know too well, and if they talk to me first my heart rate shoots up and I start shaking and panicking. I have never stood up for myself or my friends against bullies, only frozen up in fear. I am a coward.

.I am emotionally unstable. I have self harmed multiple times in the past. I once cut myself under the desk in class. I am a huge overly sensitive pussy. If someone so much as insults me on Reddit I will have to fight back tears. If I'm not around people I don't know I am prone to going into fits of rage over the slightest thing. I frequently have fantasies of ultra violence, such as torture and genocide.

.I have probably ruined my ability to have sex. Firstly, sexual repression has led to me becoming hyper sexual and addicted to porn. I masturbate multiple times daily, my record being over 20 times in one day. If somehow I had the chance to be intimate with a woman I probably won't be able to get it up. Secondly, I have been prone masturbating since I was a toddler and have ruined my penis. I have pretty severe phimosis. I will have to get a circumcision at some point but even then I've probably ruined my physical ability to have sex.

.I have a pathetic personality. I have no motivation to do anything, even things I know are important such as studying. I have absolutely no talents or skills. All I do is sit around daydreaming about bullshit and eating junk food. Yet the thought of actually doing something about it physically hurts.

.Ugly face and a fucked up body. I have dozens of medical conditions that would repulse women and my body is shaped abnormally.

.I am physically pathetic. I can barely benchpress the bar itself never mind any weights. I'm 6 foot 2 yet weigh only 65kg and I have zero stamina or athleticism.

I am disgusting, pathetic, worthless, evil and subhuman. I will never know love, or sex or passion. I want to die so badly, the only reason I haven't is because I am a coward. I deserve death. I want someone to burst into my room and shoot me. I just want to die.