The Year 3000 Has Suicide BoothsIf you got the reference, great, if not, [here it is](http://futurama.wikia.com/wiki/Suicide_booth) **SFW**.

I wish these things did exist; if there were an easy way to end it all I would.  I haven't gotten out of bed in the past 5 days other than to use the bathroom and eat something.

Been lurking this /r/ for a while, haven't been sure about posting.

What's so bad that I want it to end?

Well, I suppose to many, not very much.

I live in a bad area: helicopters overhead at night from Thursday til Monday, illegal immigrant neighbors who play their Mexican music as loud as possible from Friday night until Monday when they go back to work.  Constant police sirens at night.  I'm sure some of you are in similar situations; not so bad, right?

Many people I know from High School didn't go to college, or even finish high school, yet they've succeeded in so many ways: had families, are homeowners, have stable, well paying jobs.  Others did finish their college degrees, and are also succeeding in life.  I on the other hand decided to go to college, wrack up student loan debt, finish college, and haven't been able to find a stable job.

I haven't been in the work force for 5 years; not for lack of trying.  The only types of jobs I can get are retail, call-centers, or fast food.  None of which pay very well.  My last job had undocumented immigrants working for them, and I was hired as a citizen because they needed a US citizen for certain types of work, not for my college education.  After the work they needed a citizen for, they laid me off.

Out of work, out of money, denied unemployment, denied any help on food.  Losing my savings every day.

After reading through posts on this /r/, I feel like I'm not doing so bad; yet it's bad enough that **I** don't want to face tomorrow, the day after, or the day after that.  It makes me feel worse to read what others are going through, and knowing they go through it, but I'm facing what I'm facing and don't want to even try.

I just don't want to exist anymore.  I had given myself a deadline that if I'm not in a career (not a job, but a career) by the end of the year I would obtain a firearm and just end it all.  However, it's only May now, and December seems so far away.  It just seems easier to get it over with and not have to face tomorrow.

Sorry for the wall of text, I honestly edited a lot out, and omitted some things to not waste time.