nobody cares about me that isn't obliged to, and it's my fault.so i've had on-and-off depression for four years, and now i'm in college. i never had a huge number of very close friends to begin with, and now im losing contact with those that i had. i've never been able to talk about my depression with most people i know because of an intrinsic fear that it makes me weak. i've never even had a girlfriend mainly because i have trouble connecting with people emotionally bc of the barriers i put up and im also a little socially awkward. sometimes i think that it's bc of my family, and of how unemotional we act toward each other, but i feel like it's immature to put the burden of my problems soley on them. anyway the closest thing i've come to having a girlfriend was a girl i met on my school's facebook page. we would talk each day all summer and eventually recognized that we liked each other, but realized that we shouldn't call it a relationship bc of the fact we hadn't even met each other. we still flirted and stuff, and she even opened up to me about so much shit and i felt so so so close to her even though this was just through calls and texts and social media. i almost became comfortable with opening up to her right when college started. so anyway it did roll around and i don't get to see her bc no classes together, no means of regular contact and so initially i tried really hard to see her on purpose but i always felt like i was just intruding on her conversations and i feel like i made a bad impression. eventually she says it's not going to work out but we can be friends which i go along with but now she's not talking to me at all?? or replying to my texts? or even acknowledge that im there when i randomly see her on campus. and i have no idea why and i'm probably making a mountain of a molehill but i feel like she was just repulsed by me in some way and that's why she's completely avoiding me. so will i ever be able to connect with anyone in a genuinely emotional way where i can talk about things? let alone be in a romantic relationship. so that whole thing combined with having trouble making friends here in general combined with losing contact with what friends i had combined with not having a family that's outwardly caring combined with the fact that my grades are going down the gutter (and being smart is like one of the only things i'm good at) just makes me feel so so shitty and unimportant. this has led me to contemplate suicide a bit and this isn't the first time or anything but i thought college would be different from high school where i had similar issues but it's not maybe even borderline worse and now i feel like i know that like my future is going to be similar and godddd. i want to end it all and i know i shouldn't but still i feel like my problems aren't anything compared to the problems so many other people have and jesus. 