hello, im very unsurehi, im very lost with everything to do in my life right now. this is a throwaway account because my boyfriend and mother know my reddit username.

i have been suicidal for about 5 years now, maybe 6. i am 17 and i was kicked out of my father and stepmothers home about 2 months ago. i suffer from pretty severe PTSD and an eating disorder, as well as borderline personality disorder. I'm not a pleasant person to be around a lot of the time. my father got tired of me being so self destructive and kicked me out/cut off contact.

during the August of 2014 I ran away from my mother and her parents, who I was living with at the time. my mother was an aggressive alcoholic, and she was very emotionally and physically abusive. i have suspicions that she suffered from a psychotic disorder as she would often refer to me as if I was another person, like my father, or an ex-boyfriend of hers (I am female by the way.) 

her behaviour toward me as her daughter has left me pretty fucked up, to say the least. on top of the things I've already been diagnosed with, I have fears that I may be schizophrenic as for the past 8 months or so I have been having auditory/visual/tactile hallucinations, as well as an increasing fear of social situations that's left me unable to attend/graduate high school and makes me avoid leaving the house for pretty much anything but grocery shopping.

I am dating someone but the relationship is incredibly messed up and I just don't even know what to do. it honestly sounds like I am a character in a fucked up teen movie. my boyfriend suffers from aspergers, and I have suffered from sexual abuse in my past. my boyfriend has trouble reading social situations and so twice when we have had sex he has continued when I have not wanted to and it has left me with very little trust for anyone and not really any respect for myself. i also had to have an abortion because one of those incidents was unprotected and led to the side effect of a fetus.

I am currently living on 220$ a week, and my rent per week is $120. I can't really afford much in the way of anything to do with professional help and over the past month I've become manic and tried to kill myself twice. I'm not manic right now but my life is such a mess that I honestly do not believe I have much of a future left to hope for. I'm very exhausted and very tired of having to take care of myself all the time, and I know that sounds like a very selfish and ridiculous reason to commit suicide but it's just really, finally overwhelming me to the point where sometimes I get too tired to keep breathing so I just hold my breath for a while. I'm sorry for the wall of text.
