I just want to feel better.  (kind of long, sorry)Hi… I don’t really know what to say.  I just feel like I really need some help, but I don’t know who to go to.  I've told my parents I need to see my old counselor, (I don’t remember her name and they have that info) but it’s been a few days and nothing has happened.  It’s not malicious or anything; they just don’t know how bad it is, that I need to talk to someone as soon as possible.  I tried to talk to my dad but he stopped me and said that “things always feel worse off at night.”  That’s true, but that’s when I really need help.  I can’t just put off these feelings at night.  I don’t know how to ask for help without letting them know how bad it is.  I don’t want them to know- I’m afraid they’ll think I want attention.  I don’t want anyone to know.  But at the same time sometimes I do?  

I feel like there are two of me- a foreground that I am in control of, and a background that is my echo-chamber.  We are never in sync.  We swap places multiple times in seconds.  Sometimes my foreground me wants to live and my background me wants to commit suicide, and sometimes my foreground me wants to die and my background me does not.  I feel exhausted.

I’ve started to cut myself again.  It doesn’t really make me feel better.  I feel like if there isn’t anything on my arm, then what’s in my head doesn’t really matter.  I want my skin to look like how I feel.  I don’t know why I do.  It’s not like I show anyone.  It’s warm out, but I’m still wearing jackets so no one sees.  The only time I have to show my arm is in ceramics, but I just slather it with clay.

The reason why I’m talking right now is because I missed two days of classes last week/this week (more on that in a bit).  I’m a good student and my professor must of thought this was unusual because she sent me an email asking me if I was alright or sick, and to keep her in the loop.  What am I supposed to say?  I don’t want to lie.  I can’t stop crying.  I’m having a hard time picking words that don’t sound clichéd or stupid.  It’s just like, everything hurts, but I don’t want to tell her that.  I guess saying I’m sick isn’t really a lie, but it still feels like it is.  I don’t really have any friends, I haven’t made any friends since I started going to college and I’m a sophomore, and she’s the only one who seems worried about me.  It feels like that daydream I have sometimes where someone sees something is wrong with me and asks and then everything just magically becomes better, except here I am contemplating taking all of my sleeping pills because someone finally asked it.  

I was taking medication but ran out because my dad forgot to pay a bill and we received a court notice, and my mom didn’t want to take me up there to get new notes or whatever because it’d be embarrassing, which makes sense, I wouldn’t want to do that either.  I’m thinking maybe that’s why I feel this way, but it doesn’t really help me.  It doesn’t feel like anything is going to be better.

I’ve never liked myself and I feel inadequate at everything.  I’m lazy and I don’t have a future.  The only thing I really want to do is write comic books, which sounds so fucking stupid when I write that out, or maybe become a book editor… But if we’re going to be honest, I’m not going to be good at either of those things.  Even when I’m on medication I still feel like I’m nothing.  What the hell am I contributing?  My dad told me it’d be okay if I stayed with him and mom, even into my thirties.  What kind of pathetic daughter has to live with her parents for that long?  I don’t live with them right now, but that’s because my aunt wants me to watch over her cats at her place.  But my mom and dad talk about me moving back in.  They wouldn’t say that sort of thing to my sister.  

I’m also a lesbian and I live in the south.  I feel very alone.  I’ve never met another “out” lesbian offline.  I don’t want a girlfriend.  I can't explain why I need to meet another lesbian, I mean we don't even need to be friends, we can be enemies.  I guess I wouldn't feel so alone, but I know others exist out there.  I don't know.

I feel afraid because this week has been really “dark” for me.  Maybe “dark” in a good-two-shoes-girl kind of way, but I was self-destructive, and I really engaging in that sort of behavior.  I got the hair cut I always wanted (asymmetrical, not very attractive but I like it), ate the “bad” food I told myself I wouldn’t eat anymore, missed classes and a deadline for some homework.  I wasn’t always very nice.  I said some mean things.  I felt very tired and decided to take a lot of naps.  I didn't have the energy to do things and said "fuck it" and didn't do them because I didn't feel like it.  It sounds pathetic writing that out, haha.  But now I just feel afraid.  I look to the future and think, I have to make up all this work.  I have to fix all of this.  And I feel so, so tired.  It’d be so much easier if I just didn’t.

I keep hesitating about my sleeping pills for a couple of reasons- like my parents being devastated, and fear I guess.  Also, this will sound stupid, but hope, kind of?  I want to believe I’ll feel better.  Ever since I was in middle school I just sort of assumed I’d take my own life and that’s how I’d die.  It feels like an inevitability.  But I want to believe it’s not.  

I’m sorry this is so long.  I'm kind of afraid to post this.  I don’t know what kind of answers I'm looking for, but if you read this, thanks.
