Just... bored.Hey.

Well, I have a good life. I am sixteen, go to a good school, and many people would kill to be where I am now.
I just lost 35 pounds, and feel... good... about that. Not really, though. 
My problem with life is that there just isn't any purpose. I don't have any religious affiliations, I cant even think of a time when I thought of God for a single second during my day.
I get up at 6 AM every day for school, yet I cant sleep any earlier than 1 or 2. This has led to me being spacey during class. I have also been struggling with an addiction. Like so many before me, I started masturbating at an early age. I reached a point where I said "Stop! porn is making you objectify women, and you need to go without masturbating for at least three months!"
that was 5 months ago. I have not made it a single week without masturbating since then, and I haven't been able to make it two without pornography.

I dont hate myself, but I am self conscious. I am socially awkward, and I only have one friend that I really have anything in common with. My parents split up, but that didn't really bother me. Ive never felt any sort of attachment to them, and I have told them that multiple times. Never yelling or screaming, just calmly saying "Im sorry that I have to tell you this, but I just  don't like you as a person." Oh well.
Now that my dad has moved out, he texts me everyday after school. I know he must want to reconnect - he now lives twenty minutes away from my school and life - and I usually reciprocate, but not out of love. I regard him as a dying fish, out of water and sad. I also have anger problems, usually I pent it all up and then release it, always on an inanimate object. Never on anything alive.

To sum it up, I am a 16 year old boy who recently lost alot of weight, still has some body issues, major emotional detachment issues, no sentimental items or memories, and I am bored with life. I get crap grades in school(C's) I don't care, and I cant get  more than 4 hours of sleep a day.. It doesn't help that I am constantly told how smart I am, then immediately scolded for failing a test. I have no purpose, and I view suicide as a viable solution.I am not sad, I don't have any trauma, I'm just bored and don't see a reason to keep going. Everything is just... 
grey.

Anyone with similiar stories? Everyone I have talked to just tells me to keep my chin up, or power on through... Its been four years.