I can't take this world. I know people may have worst problems...but its so hard to live trying to be nice and genuine when all the world wants to do is go against you.21 year old male. I am on the verge of dropping out of college and live with my parents who pay for everything. I've only had one job for about 6 months (given to me by a friend), but I quit because of a recurring arm injury and my anxiety worsening (afraid to have a panic attack at work.) I consume medical cannabis ( I paid for it with money leftover from the previous job.) to alleviate my GAD and depression...I have severe panic attacks when im sober (body freezes up and my mind can't focus on the current situation.) I can't trust relatives, acquaintances or generally anyone because I feel like everything is out to get me...I like to be nice to people and try to respect other people because everybody is just trying to get by in life...I hate imposing on people and having to be mean because i want to be nice...but I have so many things that have happened to me that scarred me...

 Here are some events that kind of changed me: 

1. My parents love me...but our family is so dysfunctional. My parents have a huge age gap (20+ years) and were never meant to be together. Even before I moved, my parents would always argue with each other and have me be a mediator (because i love my parents)...now that's carried on from middle school through college and i can't take it anymore...I always came home to an argument everyday from school (MS, HS, and now college)...therefore I couldn't focus well...I think this is where all my anxiety comes from because I could never be comfortable at home with all the tension coming from the family.

2. I moved away from my home state about 5 years ago. I was bullied there because of my ethnicity and judged because of my activities...although that place is my home because up until now, I have two friends there that I can truly call best friends...Now im in another state and can't adjust here. A lot of the people that surround me are very superficial, can't understand my lifestyle, or are just acting "nice" to take advantage of my kindness...therefore, i don't have much or even ANY friends here.

3. I moved around a couple of times here. I moved to 3 locations within this state. The first location was horrible... I had to adjust to a different setting whilst I couldn't be comfortable at home. We got kicked out because of my dad (and old timer) supposedly blocked a parking space with his body ( I suspected racism because even before this incident, we were kind of treated differently compared to our neighbors who never had an issue there.). The second location was even worse. We ended up renting space in a duplex and the owner of the house moved out a couple of months after we moved in and his brother's family moved in....This family seemed nice at first...I even helped them move in...but they started to piss of my mom by parking their car where they were blocking our walkway...couple of months later, they started parking in front of our driveway...soon after, they had police and cite one of my familys vehicles for blocking OUR own driveway ( we didn't have anywhere else to park since the other family kept taking up all the spaces.) We were treated very unfairly there (Police couldn't do anything about the neighbors blocking our walkway because it was private property, and the resident manager didn't do anything to help us.) We eventually moved out and had to break our yearly contract (more money down the drain for a shitty owner and resident manager that didn't help us on our requests of fair living on their property)

4. During my stay at the second location, my sick and crazy, but mildly sweet grandma (mom's side) who had been living with my parents and I for almost 13+ years (Grandma also has two sons) had just been forced back to living with us because her stupid oldest son (my uncle) and his very dysfunctional family (His wife is a complete maniac and maltreated my grandma and him as well. His oldest son, my cousin, was a spoiled brat only two years younger than me who always demanded $200+ shoes every week, and his younger son, who I actually like because he's wants to be nice to people and he is very kind. ) forced her to come back to us because he didn't want to take care of his OWN mom (according to my grandma, she was hit with the butt of his pistol, was forced to pay my cousin money for everytime she used his phone, and was restricted food and a bed from my uncle's wife. My grandma is a nice person, but she can be  very unfair and has a mental illness (i forgot what exactly, but she becomes crazy, idk if its schizophrenia, but she can get CRAZY at times)...........Anyways, whilst the whole neighbor issues were happening with my family, she comes along and my mom doesn't want her to live with us because she needs to be fair and needs to spend time with her other kids. Her and my dad get into this big fight and my dad punches her our of frustration ( i heard that happened because he was worried for me running off because i was so stressed out with everything) and the neighbors intervene and calls the police on him (my dad is a nice guy with a bit of an anger issue)...and he went to jail for only two days, but my mom had to pay for his bail and citations (it's still not over, but everything seems fine because my grandma know he is a good father and asked the judge to not sentence him anything.)......Also, during this stay, another one of our neighbors offered to work on my mom's car for a brake flush (my dad accidentally put power steering fluid in the  brake system) (VERY BAD FOR YOUR CAR) and i told him that I couldn't pay him until one month from that time since my mom had the payment....One month from exactly when I told him I could pay him...he blames me for trying to avoid them (I said hi to them every morning) and calls me an asshole and even threatens to hurt me.... Now my dad hears it and he's about to punch him...Now i have to intervene between them and NOW my family is involved in this....After a couple of weeks of my mom trying to sort out the problem...the neighbors son's start to annoy her (they say they'll file a lawsuit because my mom requested an OFFICIAL check and signature of the work done...but it was their fault because the guys forgot to screw my mom's wheel properly and her wheel almost came off one day...NOTE: get professional help on car maintenance...no lawsuit was ever filed, but i negotiated with my neighbor's sons and gave them there payment and told them not to bother me again.)

5. This priest dad of our relatives heard of the dispute between my grandma, uncle, and  the situations between my dad and grandma and said that MY GRANDMA and UNCLE were disturbing their whole family... (May i inform you that this priest relative of ours left his seven kids and abandoned his wife for another woman...and now claims to have been changed by Christianity...these seven kids are now my aunties and uncles here in the new state i am living in.) Now the relatives my family and I used to visit almost every other weekend IGNORED us and are still ignoring us till this day.... (i guess this why I can't trust family)

6. Even before moving here....Our relatives and family friends betrayed my mom ( some of them took more than $75 k away from my mom.) 

7.) My parents are getting old. My mom is diabetic and my dad is just way too stubborn to help us....

8.) My ex gf and I of two years broke up last month right before our two year anniversary...I started college with her and she was really my only friend. She claims to still care, but she doesn't even call me and she rarely texts back...She claims she wants to hang out, but she claims she's busy while i see her on instagram hanging out with other people...

9.) Im too scared to go back to counseling and my doctor for my General Anxiety Disorder and my depression because all they did was judge me....I admit I should refrain from using cannabis, but Cannabis really calms me down because my biggest problem is my anxiety...It's become so bad where I get scared to even walk out of my room...but tbh I was never even comfortable in my own home because I would anticipate another problem/argument that would occur at home... I get really scared when ANYONE calls me...and I don't like to go out and drive because I got into 2 accidents (both are not my fault, and i didn't even receive any compensation for the first accident ((My car was rear-ended and totaled)) )recently that kind of convinced me that the world is out to get me....



There are a lot more problems I have, but i'd rather not list them...Plus, im trying to see the brighter things....Sorry if this sounds more like a rant...im just really anxious to post this up...but I felt like I needed to tell you guys....Honestly, i feel like the best thing to do is kill myself since Im just a leech off of my parents...I've tried to continue with college...but I can't deal with the constant arguments at home and the anticipation of another bad problem coming along...idk what to do... I even found out that one of my half brothers moved out from my parents home because he couldn't take the constant arguing of my mom and dad....Im sorry reddit...I just really don't know what to do with my life....Im just so scared of everything....I have no friends here and my real friends are just way too busy with work in another state and I understand that they have lives of their own....I have no one here to talk to at all....I feel like im going to end up as an unemployed stoner loser for the rest of my life because I've dealt with too many stupid things that caused me to be so afraid....idk...I try to tell myself that other people have worse problems...but it doesn't make me feel any better...Now I just feel like killing myself because I realize that true peace, is not having any problems or worries at all...