I'm "recovered" but I still feel like I want to cut and tear at myself until there's nothing left. Help.Basic summary: I'm 17, graduated from high school, and spend most of my days at home with nothing but my iPad, cat, and cannabis for company.

I have a sweet boyfriend but we've only been together about a week and I don't feel comfortable using him a pseudo-faux-therapist (yet?). I've cut off my communication with my ex who used to be a bit helpful - I broke up with him for being too controlling and manipulative and I realized this applies to self-esteem and depression as well as everyday shit.

I haven't cut, burnt, or bruised since November 2009 but fuck. I think about it every day - every single time I see a knife or sharp object while I'm alone - I think about it. I think about cutting in places no one would ever notice - on my ribcage near my breasts for example, or on the backs of my thighs - but they seem like cop-outs to me.

I want to do what I used to do - I want to sit at my well-lit, clean desk with my row of tools and slowly and deliberately harm myself on my left forearm, then wash it out and make sure it's clean and safe and forget about them. I used to wear my cuts with pride, I used to wear tank tops in public hours after cutting - what has happened to my courage? Where has my spine gone? Why do I cringe at the mirror?

I don't cut (or kill myself) because I've been through therapy etc and understand why it's not a good choice. I have a supportive, informed extended and close family and friends. I have a great college, a grant, a major I love, a comfortable life... but I'm full of magma.

The slightest injustices, the little pitfalls of every day life, **the tiniest little things, as simple as being out of milk, make me want to cut.** I know this isn't normal or right. It makes me cry just remembering that feeling of white-hot anger pooled in my stomach, burning me apart from the inside out - and oh, how I want to cut myself open and watch that magma bleed out of me -

I'm sorry if this is the wrong subreddit. I just want someone to talk to me and help me through these feelings tonight. I have AIM/MSN/Yahoo/Skype/GTalk/whateverthefuckyouhave.

EDIT: five minutes in, regretting this already. Posting this has made it seem so much easier to break that wall down and just DO it - and so much more necessary, I feel like I can't get through this feeling without giving in.