I'm just so tired of being constantly scared of everythingI don't know what is wrong with me. I have never been diagnosed with anything. The only psychologist I have gone to said I am just introverted but I really doubt that.

I am turning 18 in March and my life currently consists of school and nothing else. I have no hobbies, no interests, no talents, no friends, no job and no personality at all. I can't change that because I am simply scared.

I can't talk to people because I constantly stutter. I also can't look them in the eyes for longer that a second. 

I feel super uncomfortable the moment I step out of my house. So scared of everything. Am I walking right? Are my clothes the right way? Maybe my mouth is open and I don't know. Maybe I'm staring at someone? What about my arms? Are they alright? Are they "wiggling" too much or too little? I'm looking to the left for too long now, better look the other way. 

It goes on when I get to class. I can't really focus on the topic because my mind is full of my scared thoughts. What if I'm breathing too loudly? Maybe I'm sitting in a weird position. Are my legs the right way? How are the other girls sitting? Fuck, she caught me staring. Fuck fuck fuck. Is she still looking at me? She is definitely looking at me. Quick, act like everything is fine!

I'm so tired of this. I want to get a job but there is no way. I'm scared what am I gonna do when I'm out of school. I also have no hobbies because I'm too scared to try. What if I fail? It's nothing important but I'm still scared of it. Right now I can tell myself that if I tried to cook something it might turn out fine, but if I actually tried and failed, this little hope would be gone. It's the same with everything else in my life. I'm just scared to do ANYTHING and don't know why. I don't wanna live. I'm literally useless, for the others as much as for myself. I want to do things, I don't want to just stare at the wall for 2 hours straight, but I can't. I just can't.

My mother thinks I'm making it up and I'm just lazy. She doesn't believe me when I say I simply can't live like other people. When I told her that I feel judged because of my ugly face - which I'm not trying to fix in any way, no makeup or anything, and I hate myself so much because of it - she says I'm just looking for attention and just want her to compliment me. When I said I feel like someone is always looking at me, she said I'm selfish for thinking that. And when I told her I want to die, she literally opened the window and told me "come on, jump then". And I didn't. I was too scared.

I still want to die and still am too scared to do it. It scares that I might not succeed and it also scares me that I might.
Every day I'm so overwhelmed with being scared of everything around me and I'm too scared to do anything about it. My life is just surviving day after day with zero pleasure out of anything. I feel trapped in this world. I don't know what to do.