My boyfriend murdered our son before killing himself a year ago. I don’t know how to go on.Last year I left home in the evening to pick up some groceries. When I returned home, I found that my boyfriend (also the father to our son) had murdered our son and killed himself.  I could never express in words how I felt then, nor how I feel now. 

I spent time in a mental hospital. I have a great therapist and a great psychiatrist. I take my medicines when I’m supposed to, and have them adjusted as needed. I have resources in the event that I feel suicidal. I even had a grief group I attended up until the lockdown. 

Next month will be the 1 year anniversary and I just don’t think I can do it.  I hoped to feel even an ounce better by now. I hoped to find something to give me purpose.  

I feel so angry that my boyfriend didn’t kill me too and put me out of this misery he caused me by taking my baby. 

As the date approaches I feel so much pain. I’ve never been religious, but I wake up and ask god to take me. To just put me out of my misery.  I feel it’s so unfair that people who likely don’t want to die, are dying from corona virus when I’m here alive begging for death. 

I try to still post online like I enjoyed doing before this happened. I try watching shows and movies. I try to see friends. I laugh sometimes. I’ve had some good days. But nothing will ever feel the same.  I once enjoyed food so much. Nothing tastes the same. 

You have no idea how it feels to be triggered by everything. Going to the grocery store like the night everything happened... seeing everything that I used to buy for my son and boyfriend. Imagine being triggered by apples and oranges. By every fucking prius on the road because my boyfriend drove one and killed himself inside of it in our garage. By kids with their mothers (literally everywhere). By hearing a child cry and then going into a catatonic state wondering if my 2 1/2 year old son was crying as he was killed.  By commercials on tv.  By bathtubs because my son was intentionally drowned in one.  

To be honest, I don’t know why I haven’t killed myself yet. I wanted to so bad that night when an officer explained to me that they had performed all life saving measures on my son but with no success. I begged him to tell them to take my son to the hospital and they said they couldn’t. I wanted to run and jump off of anything to my death but the officer blocked my path. 

If I killed myself, literally no one in my life would be surprised.  Some of my friends mentally prepared themselves for that possibility back when everything happened.  I don’t know why I can’t do it. I don’t know why it’s so hard to do.