Worry About Future and Too Much Pressure Right Now.Hi,
Firstly I would like to introduce myself, my name is A. I am 18 years old. I am a student and I am off to college. I have recently completed high school. So this was a basic introduction to myself and now I will tell how i am feeling right now and how all this pressure started to build up. I will let you know the phases I went through. You can skip a few phases but the final one is the most important one. I am just introducing the phases, you can skip them, later I will let you know how these phases are affecting me now mentally. I have put border around the phases so that you can skip them. 

————————————————————————————
THE BEGINNING:
The biggest concern in my life is my worry of my FUTURE. 
This first started when I was 14 and in high school (9th Grade). I wasn't a great student but I was always on the average side. Even though I was average, I was sincere and did all my work, tasks and other things properly. I was only average on the marks side. I did not score well. I was getting worried and marks were dropping every time. There were some subjects i like and I scored well in them but in some I was average and I failed in Mathematics (I passed in retest/compartment).


NEXT YEAR:
Then came Grade 10th of High school, I was doing great, I improved and I wanted to improve even more. I started scoring more, I started scoring above Average at that time. Everything was fine and smooth in Grade 10. It was great. Until the finals came. I did fairly well and I scored average. I score 72%. But this wasn't enough, I wanted to take Mathematics&amp;Physics as I wanted (even now this is my dream) to do do engineering. I am passionate about cars and I can make good designs and I have good knowledge about them on the technical side, I wanted to do automobile engineering. But the cutoff for this stream was 75%.
I was in top school of the city, they denied me because of 3%. My father was trying so hard to get my admission. The school told us to wait till August. We waited and the new session already begun. The admission was denied. I could have got the admission, if I tried hard enough myself. I could've persuaded the school by showing my capabilities, skills and my improvement. But I did not. This thing still eats me to this day. There is no night that I don't think about this phase. Every goddamn night. 


BIG CHANGE:
I took admission in some school in my city, not the best but an average school. I took mathematics. Mostly people who take the Science Streams take admissions in dummy schools. This was a dummy school (this means that attendance doesn't matter, children prepare for the big exam, the entrance exam. World's toughest exam, you can research about this). 
When I joined half of the year was gone because of me trying to get admission. 
When I joined, it was a shocking experience for me, my country's incompetent education system doesn't handle transitions well from Grade 10 to Grade 11. The syllabus was different and hard. It was complex. I mean it change so much, my progress was gone and I went below average and close to failing. Physics was the toughest for me. I failed in Mathematics and Physics in Grade 11 but somehow I managed to pass, in retest. 


FINAL PHASE OF HIGH SCHOOL AND THE PHASE OF PAIN:
Then came the final year of High school, grade 12. I had to do well to get admission in a good college. I tried understanding and keeping up with everything that I missed or that was going on in my syllabus. I joined coaching to help me understand. I understood most of the things, but there were some things left that would harm me later. But I was out of time. The whole year went by so fast, so quickly. I was frustrated by the end of it. My life became depressing. I did not do anything. My routine was HOME&gt;SCHOOL&gt;COACHING. That's it, thay was my routine from oast 2 years. I did not enjoy or do anything. 
Then by the end of the year Final exams came. I scored average in entrance exam. Then came the final exams. Same case, physics was tough for everyone, an I was sure I was about to fail. 

——————————————————————————————


Now I will tell you how these things have affected me in the past 8 months during lockdown and Covid—19

As soon as my exams finished, within two weeks, the government imposed a lockdown in the country. Millions became homeless, people were struggling financially. This made me sad, only if i could do anything. This was not the proper way to impose a lockdown. Anyways, coming to the point, I felt relieved at the starting of Lockdown, I felt like it was a much needed break for me. 
Maybe I was happy that the result will be delayed or stuff or maybe I was happy and grateful for this break in life. I don't know. I did everything I wanted or I wanted to try, I did everything freely. I had no tension. 


But some days later, a feeling came rushing down in me. I became scared and anxious. I started to worry about my future. I started to worry about failure and disappointment. 
Few months later, the result date was announced, I was certain that I was going to fail, I started figuring out all the possibilities. I decided to end my life if I failed. As i couldn't bear the fact that I will disappoint my parents and I can't let them feel embarrassed. I started counting the days till the result. I started writing, doing everything i could. I started preparing and researching ways to die a peaceful death. 
I started to spend the time I had left with quality. This quality time was spent with my family. There was no night that I didn't cry.

Then came the result, somehow i managed to pass, but it was still a failure in my eyes. My parents were kind of happy but I could feel thay they are disappointed. I was disappointed in myself and my abilities. I started questioning my decisions. I was so close to death. I thought the pain will go away but clearly it did not, it became worse. Even though I managed to pass, but the marks were still average and I can't get into a good top level college to achieve my dream and the career path i am passionate about.

My life has become hell. I am the problem. I have got everything anyone could desire. I have got great height (6'3"),good body built, opportunities, facilities.
The one thing I have always sought is Perfection, i wanted perfection in everything. I hate failure and I always take it bad on me if I fail or disappoint anyone myself. I feel like an utter failure and disappointment to ny parents. I feel like a liability. I don't want to be a burden on them. We are a middle class family and they have done so much for me and spent so much on my education. Yet here I am. Honestly, i am in the most confusing phase of my life. I don't know what to do. Sometimes I feel like I should live and sometimes I only see death. Honestly, i feek like death is the better option. Instead of being a failure and disappointment to my parents I should just go. My siblings are doing good. I ahve always wanted the best for everyone. And i want the best for them also. Maybe seeking too much perfection is bad after all. I do not blame anyone but myself. I am a bad son.

Don't worry I won't die, I hope i find my path and i do well. No more mistakes this time. I hope i get my way. Because u just don't know what the hell is happening in my life. And if death comes, i hope so, it should be natural.

Farewell.