It always hurtsI feel like I’m running out of ways to cope with my suicidal thoughts. I don’t really know where to go from here. I’ve suffered from anxiety since I was little, and struggled with eating disorders and self harm as a child through age 16 but after two hospitalizations I got my shit together.

I’m a therapist now. And once I finish grad school I’ll be a clinical psychologist. And id like to think I’m good at my job, thanks to the feedback I’ve gotten from my patients, and their families. It makes me feel so stupid and pathetic that I can’t help myself. I was okay for a long time up until a few months ago. My fiancé has struggled with his own mental health for years but never sought treatment, but a few months ago he threatened to kill me during a psychotic break. I had to call and have him hospitalized for awhile. He’s been back for a few months, on and off his meds. He’s making life more unbearable than it’s been for as long as I can remember. His doctors all expect me to handle his treatment, medication etc because of my career and educational background but it’s just causing chaos in the home. He doesn’t accept his schizophrenia diagnosis. He doesn’t want help. He’ll say he wants to get better then tell you he’s playing everyone just for the sake of it. He’s putting us thousands in debt. And demands I do everything. Between working full time, school full time, and managing his care full time I feel like I’m drowning. My mental health is worse than it’s been in years. 

I know I’m having these thoughts and I’m trying to take my own advice and reach out for help but nobody takes it seriously. I’ve contacted the national suicide prevention hotline four times in 24 hours and every single time I’ve waited over an hour and even when I’m connected nobody has actually picked up so I just sit there begging someone to answer, sobbing. I started seeing a therapist for my own sanity after the fiancé came back but I rarely get to see her because of my intense schedule. My parents are juggling their own depression with my sister’s bipolar disorder and with me being the glue keeping them together I cannot go to them about this. My fiancé just assumes I’m angry and blows up at me any time he catches me hiding out in our house crying to myself. When I try to talk to him he starts yelling about how I need to calm down. I tried 7 cups too but the listeners literally never respond. 

I’m trying to cope in healthy ways. Yoga, running. It’s not working, I cut myself today for the first time in such a long time expecting to feel relief and I didn’t. I’m trying so hard to just find ways to keep going. I’ve posted a lot about my situation with him in the caregiver and schizophrenia subgroups and people are like just leave? But that’s the problem. I can’t. After he threatened my life I consulted the police, victims advocacy groups and attorneys to see if I could get a restraining order or protective order. They said no. Until he physically hurts me they will not do anything. And if I kick him out apparently I could get in trouble for removing him from his place of residence while he’s in treatment. He would have to willingly leave. I’ve begged him to go. He has family across the country from before he moved out here. I’ve told him if he doesn’t want treatment, to be here whatever it may be to just go home. He won’t. He gets angry and verbally aggressive. This is my home. It’s in my name. I pay all the bills. I can’t just abandon my home either. I’m really beginning to feel like suicide is my only way out.