I am so sacred that I might lose my one reason to live, I don’t know what to do.I am so sacred that I might lose my one reason to live, I don’t know what to do.

Warning: mentions of not wanting to live 

I have been depressed for a long time, while I am seeking help 8 sessions once every year the past few years have only made it a little easier to survive but not fixed the problems. 

I am 19, I think I have had depression for 5/6 years? Most likely longer. I have been feeling worse lately, my anxiety has spiked and god it’s gotten harder to justify not just giving up. 

Life has just got worse and worse. Collage was getting too much, my dad died ( drug overdose, was going to live with him if life with mum got worse, he was my escape), my mum is lying to me (am sure she’s back on drugs), my fish is dying and nothing seems to be helping him and now my dog has a spot on her head. 

The spot hurts a bit when touched, I am so scared of losing her. She and the fish are the only things anchoring me to this world. I can’t take losing her, I can’t lose my dog. I can’t afford to take her to the vet at the second and I don’t know if I will be able to afford treatment if it’s cancer. But I can’t lose her, I love her so much. She’s the only one who doesn’t lie, backstab and who loves me. I am so alone and to lose her would be too much. She’s only 6, she’s helped me so much. We got her because when she was a puppy she walked up to mum first and the breeder couldn’t keep all the dogs they didn’t sell so we gave her a home. She’s literally the perfect dog for me, we have so much in common. She’s scared of spiders, doesn’t like bananas and she likes being close. Plus so much more. 

I just, I hate this. If I lose her I have nothing.

I can’t handle this, mum doesn’t even seem to give a fuck. She couldn’t care less, just like she doesn’t care about me. Drugs are all that matter to her. 

I am not in a catchment area of any of the dog charity’s in the uk, though we would meet the requirements if we lived closer. 

I just don’t know how to get the money together, I don’t know what to do. 

I am so scared.