A random PSA: to those with sexual trauma.To my males: I've used this subreddit extensively, and it's helped me a lot. To those dudes reading this: keep coming back here and when the strap seems close, just put it away, keep the magazine on the opposite side of the pistol, and understand that there will always be people on this subreddit to hear you out.

To the girls out there reading this: put the pills away, separate the magazine from the strap and empty the chamber, put your chin up, and understand that others are here to listen to you. 

What I want to talk about right now is sexual trauma.

Sexual trauma is extremely depressing. A lot of people don't understand that getting raped or even just getting suckered into an unwanted sexual experience can have severe and long lasting consequences. Nothing against the men and women who've served in the military in war, but I guarantee that sexual trauma is, always, PTSD.

A lot of my military friends have the hardest time coming to terms with their PTSD, and of course, I can't relate to that. What's hard about that is that they think that no one can relate. But they can find support groups. It's the same way with sexual trauma. It only takes one bad experience to make you go somewhat mental for a while. I think it's harder to find support, though. It's one thing to go to a PTSD meeting after you got back from Afghanistan, it's another for that same man or woman to go to some sex PTSD meeting. Forfks sake, I'd probably get better support going to the vets' PTSD meeting if I was honest with myself. 

Sexual trauma can be so dark, because it's so hard to relate to others.

It can be especially difficult because of STDs.

If you feel sick to your soul because of sexual trauma, and you feel you can't do much about it, and you feel alone, understand this, as you read this - you are not alone. People just don't talk about it. 

If you're having problems in relationships because of your sexual trauma, or you have warts on your anus, HIV, or herpes, etc. - whether the experience was completely unwanted or just unprotected sex - understand this:

There are a lot of people in our society who have the same difficulties as you. Go to a bar and look around - guaranteed you'll see at least one person who's going to feel at least a small level of the same confusion as you.

You are not alone. If you have issues based on sexual experiences, read this sentence, take a deep breath, and understand that, at the very least, I'm also sad.