I can't leave you because I'm worried you'll hurt yourself if I do, so it would be better if I hurt myself, right?But why am I even worried about you?

You're the one who assaulted me twice. And maybe it wasn't a big deal...  because I know so many women have had worse happen to them. But it's constantly eating at me. Thinking of how you touched me while I was sleeping, more than once. It makes it so hard to sleep.
I never feel comfortable around you, but you're the only person I have. 

But I don't want to stay stuck. 

I don't want to feel afraid. 

I know you've tried to change and change and change... and I will acknowledge the ways you have changed and the nice things you have done since then... but I just never feel comfortable anymore. I feel stuck and depressed. So low and so unwanted. No friends. No school. No work. Besides you and my family, I am alone. 

And I've tried to leave. I've tried. But the loneliness breaks me and I come back, the things you say worry me and I don't want you to hurt yourself in any way, or I somehow see myself as the bad guy for leaving because you've attempted to change and I should be grateful to have one person that enjoys my company. Right? 

And I tried to reach out to old friends when this all happened, and I thought I'd have a support system, but when I realized they were only friends with me because they liked you, I realized again that I was alone. They didn't care that you hurt me. Sure, they stopped talking to you, but they stopped talking to me too. Like I'm damaged and disgusting now. Like I'm not good enough anymore. 

I want to grow and I want to change. But I feel so stuck and so alone without a support system. Without any friends. I don't know what to do. And here I am still worrying about you hurting yourself if I simply tell you I want time alone. I don't know what to do. Why am I so worried? Why did you have to make me so scared to be around you? Why did you make it so it's even harder for me to sleep? Why do I keep going back? Why do you still say you love me? Why are you still attracted to me? Is it because I'm lonely? I don't understand. I don't know what to do. I want to disappear. I want to die. I don't know how to handle this. I don't want to be in the same situation a year from now, two years from now... three.. I want things to be different. But I can't.  I can't bring myself to distance myself. 