I was gonna troll this sub, but now I'm serious... My time has comeMonths ago i trolled some subs such as r/tifu (idk if you have ever read the story of a guy dating a mental hospital runaway.. it got many upvotes and it belonged to me) 

I actually troll subs especially when I'm depressed rather than when I'm bored. Because all the fake stories i write displays my inner world, and people replying to them makes me happy. Makes me feel like there'd be someone supporting me if such things happened

Today i was feeling down again, I decided to troll this sub too, i texted my best friend about it and she said "What an empty person you are!"

Now instead of a fake story I'm posting my reality. I'm such an empty person as she said. I was going to make some people triggered with my fake story. I don't want to encourage anyone to commit suicide, never wanted it. But i deserve to die as I'm only something a worthless shit

My friends tell me my suicidal thoughts are normal as I'm 17 and don't even care about me. None of them tries to give me affection at least. I can't stand living in the same world with such cruel people

My family showers me with love but still i feel frustrated, i know that they'll die one day and I'll completely be alone. So i want to die first, because i can never ever live if I don't feel anyone's affection, that's my nature

I'm also hopeless about my future, I used to be someone successful with a bunch of dreams, now I'm left alone with my failures and suicidal thoughts. 

Years ago my aunt told me "You'll become nothing, you'll only get married" (getting married is an insult here, as the actual meaning here is achieving nothing but getting married. idk if i could explain clearly). And i think she was somewhat right and somewhat wrong. She was right, I achieved nothing, she was wrong i will never even be able to get married (I'm too young but still i feel my future, which won't even exist)

I know that you don't understand any shit from my text, my writing skills suck as i do.... I used to care my grammar mistakes a lot but they don't mean anything to me anymore. Everything has ended for me, nothing has a meaning and I'm a mess. 

I tried to commit suicide 2 times in this year. I prepared everything but didn't continue as I'm too coward to do anything! Idk if I'll do now or not. I don't even know what do i do, why do i exist...

It was good to know you all if I'm dead, if I'm not dead I'll come back

I don't know what I'm saying, I'm probably insane. I'm so sorry, I'm fucked up 😭😭