I gave myself seven years but I don't know if I'll reach that goal.This is my first reddit post so please bear with me. I will outline everything as follows.

Nobody would ever guess that every day I fight the urge to end it.
I am extremely healthy.
I am sober. I have quit almost every drug including alcohol with the exception of caffeine.
I am very smart and gifted at many things.
One might even say I'm tall and good looking.
But I don't care about these things.

I am very self-conscious. I suffer from palmar and plantar hyperhidrosis and as such I abstain from social settings.
Nevertheless, I have developed a very keen sense of how to interact with people. I am very socially adept. I make great efforts to mask my insecurities and have learned how to entertain people to the effect of where I’m seen as a very confident person, but deep down I’m resenting myself and self-conscious about every mannerism and gesture I demonstrate. I feel like I’m onstage at all times.

As such, I realize my depression, rather my desire to end my life, may have several sources. Maybe it comes from a painful childhood in which I remember vividly a traumatic episode of my dad beating my mother in front of me as I watched on feeling completely helpless; or a day in which my dad slapped my face and grabbed my hair and slammed me against the car window and told me if he had a gun at that moment he would shoot me. Maybe it's guilt for not being able to stop the pain that was caused on my mom and sisters; or a feeling of worthlessness that has been ingrained in me when my dad would dismiss my academic performance as if to tell me nothing I do will ever be good enough; or both. I don't know.  

Yet now the tide has turned with my father. I am in my twenties and my dad is in his mid-fifties and he is living in his car and he leans on me for support. I've now gone out of my way to rekindle a rocky relationship in which I was a hapless victim of his emotional and physical abuse of me and my family. I am doing this for myself as I know that I will appreciate the fact that I restored a painful relationship with my beloved father and started anew——that is, if I make it alive to look back when most of my pages have been turned and I will have time to reflect.

Another issue has been on my mind. My recent improvement in sports has manifested itself physically and I have received a lot of attention from women, but a lot of attention that I don’t appreciate. A few months ago I received a death threat from a stranger on Facebook telling me he would kill me if I came close to his girlfriend again. I was shocked because I never knew she had a boyfriend and she was the one who introduced herself to me. Needless to say, I was hurt by the fact that I was thrust into a situation that I believe was largely out of my control.

Furthermore, I am currently experiencing a rift with one of my best friends over his girlfriend. I have known his girlfriend for several years and my friend for even longer as we were childhood friends. I always perceived my interactions with his girlfriend with whom I had gotten very close to be platonic. I never made any advancement towards her in any way. Nevertheless, over the course of the years we spent a lot of time talking about depression together but I noticed that recently she had become very flirtatious with me but would constantly berate me for my choice of women, which ashamed as I am to admit, hurt me very deeply. I was hurt by her words. And so I wrote her a letter explaining to her we could not be friends anymore, enumerating several points that I believed were worth mentioning.I also did this out of consideration for my friend, realizing that there could be no place for me in the midst of a rocky relationship with his girlfriend in which she would come to me for validation of her insecurities instead of her boyfriend. Things were getting very fucking weird.

You might be wondering why I’m being so effusive. Maybe this depression is genetic and has nothing to do with my above claims. I don’t fucking know. But I definitely think my relationships, or lack thereof, might have something to do with my deep unhappiness.
I have never been in a serious relationship with a girl, mainly out of consideration of her, as I am way too weak and self-absorbed, mainly about my unhappiness, that indubitably I would either cause her great pain or turn her off utterly. I am extremely paranoid of women when they show me interest and wonder to myself if their interest in me is for superficial reasons or if it’s all in my head to begin with.

In any case, I don’t think a relationship with a girl will do anything to help me.
I am deeply receptive of the suffering in this world and sometimes feel powerless. I feel guilty for living such a comfortable life and complaining about these things while people have to walk for miles with distended bellies for cloudy water full of impurities.

I feel so sad about children and women who are raped.
I feel so much anger towards men for being shitty, because when we are shitty as men, we really fuck things up on so many levels.
Up to this point, I have used these feelings to fuel my good habits, but I have reached a state where I really don’t see the point anymore.
I am cynical.
What’s the point of changing the shitty things in the world that will arise regardless of my actions as I believe they are a testament to human nature?
I’m not trying to engage in philosophical banter. I’m just saying I feel hopeless.

I feel invisible.

I feel underappreciated.

At the same time, in a twisted sort of way, I believe I was born to be great.
And this adds more anxiety to my life. Everything I have chosen in my life will inevitably lead to more exposure to the world, something I dread every day.
I dread the thought of becoming famous. It’s a catch 22. I don’t want to die unremembered, but I don’t want to live under the scrutiny of the world as they feast on everything I do and lick their chops as they see me fall as every person has and will. 
A friend of mine recently disclosed to me that he has a very serious form of lung cancer. He blurted it out while drunk. He pulled me aside and told me I have to pursue music for the world. He says he understands my pain and that I have to do this. He says I am special. That my pursuit of music and becoming well-known will be the fulfillment of his last wish.
And I know what you may be thinking. This fucker is delusional. I know. I am. But I genuinely believe what he is saying is true. I just don’t fucking want to do it. I don’t want to realize my potential. 
I will end up more miserable.
So I am caught in a weird chasm, looking at one extremity of being completely unnoticed, which is almost where I’m at right now save for the attention from the opposite sex; and looking at the other, in which I am ostensibly constantly being surveilled.
I know this is irrational, but I’m being completely honest. I was not even supposed to tell you about my friend with lung cancer as this is strictly confidential, but I’m at the point in my life where I’m completely lost.
I don’t know what the fuck to do. I am really worried for him as well as he has resigned to himself to slowly kill himself with weed and cigarettes and no one knows about his condition but me.

To combat these issues, I gave myself seven years to live. Maybe I will fix my hyperhidrosis and all of my angst will go away and I can feel at complete ease in social settings. Maybe I will be able to reverse all the deeply entrenched thought patterns that I have embraced for many years.
The possibility of curing my Hyperhidrosis and reversing my negative thought patterns through meditation, which is what I currently practice, seem to be the only sources of hope for me. Even then, there are moments in which I feel intense anxiety. In those moments, I cannot think. I just resign myself to the floor and clutch at my hair and grit my teeth, doing everything I can to stay sane lest I do something I will regret.

In those moments I see no immediate gratification but death itself.
I don’t know why the fuck I have written all of this and am considering just deleting it altogether, but I hope it is serving some good purpose.
I just want to know I’ll be okay but not hear it from some idiot who knows nothing about my mind or his own mind for that matter.
I am also annoyed by people who choose to be jealous of me when they understand nothing. It’s hurtful. It makes me distance myself from people and become very haughty and arrogant and defensive. 
I don’t think I’m better than anyone. I just have really healthy habits that become palpable to people around who can’t help but to be intrigued. Yet some people choose to be jealous and it enrages me. They just don’t goddamn get life.
If anyone can relate, I would very much appreciate your thoughts.
And feel free to shoot me down if I’m being a spoiled and needy little brat. Because right now I’m thinking I am. I really hope I don’t regret sharing all of this and that my true identity doesn’t become revealed. I am paranoid as you can see.

Much thanks anyway. 

