I want to commit suicide because I'm beyond helpThere isn't anything I want to do in this bullshit life anymore.

Nobody really gives a fuck about me. Even if they do, there's nothing they can do to help me.

I don't have a reason to live. The world is meaningless. I don't enjoy anything. Nothing makes me happy anymore. Not even writing, the only thing I had left.

There are reasons why I have depression. But instead people pretend it's some arbitrary luck of the draw to do with brain chemicals that we pretend to understand.

The problem isn't that I have good reasons to live that I can recognize, but I'm still depressed anyway. No. I DON'T have reason to live, and that's why I'm depressed, and giving me medication in an effort to force me to go on is fucking inhumane.

I don't want to be 40 or 50. Working some dead end job. Some worthless fuck that nobody gives a crap about and is accomplishing nothing of significant value in the world. Just stuck, no upward movement, not bettering myself.

I hate everything. I come to regret everything. I dread everything. I'm tired of putting on a happy face for people. I'm tired of people saying they're here to talk.

I've talked to therapists for 5 years. Five fucking years. Talking hasn't done shit. I'm still here, with no purpose, no meaning, in an existential crisis. There is absolutely nothing you could possibly say to me that would suddenly induce an epiphany, land me in a career that is perfect for me, a career that would help other people and would allow me to one day to have a family.

I'm just fucking done. The only reasons to live are either fear of committing suicide, selfishness, or guilt. Anything else is a stupid delusion. And sometimes I wish I was a 70IQ moron who couldn't think his way out of a fucking box. Life's a lot easier when you don't question anything and you keep sleepwalking.

I wish assisted suicide was a thing in this country. Those people would show me more help and empathy than anybody else. I don't need people to tell me some vague fucking turn on, tune in, drop out bullshit. I need a life coach. Literally a person who would take me under their wing and guide me down a clear path of measurable, tangible, demonstrable improvement.

This does not exist. A person to actually help anybody like me, does not exist. The Chinese proverb about teaching a man to fish is bullshit, because THERE ISN'T ANYBODY. There's just some fucks called therapists where one goes to complain about starving. And when you're done and you pay them, you're still starving when you leave.

Nothing. Changes.