Well, this is itMy stupid, stupid, stupid life is near an end. Don't even know where to start, it was fucked up from the start.

Parents divorced when I was 5 years old, and every month i went from my mom's house to my dad's house, and vice versa. When i was 7 years old, my mom died in a car crash, i was also in that car, due to intoxication. I fell in a coma for 1 month, and when i came to, i had to undergo physical therapy for 1 year. I was recommended to play soccer sports by my therapists, and my dad put me in soccer. When i was 9, my coach had started to molest me (i am a female), and a few others in my team. He was arrested shortly after that event, as me and a friend of mine told that to our parents. When i was ten, my dad got brain cancer, and has since then been in a coma, with doctors being unsure of when he will come to, or when he would die. (i am 23 years old, he has been in a coma for 10 years). I was taken into custody by my uncle, and the molestation started again. This time much graver. I was also beaten by him nearly everyday, and he threatened to kill me if i told anyone of what he did with me. He did lighten up a bit, and stopped beating me a lot, but he sent me to a boarding school. After nearly failing there, i entered a community college. I sucked there also, with a 2.3 GPA, and even sometimes "used my body" to get some good grades (this area is fucked up here) (i live in rural Pine Ridge, South Dacota). I also set some charges against my uncle, who was arrested, and is in jail for 10 years. Now, that i have graduated from college with a stupid degree in Clinical Phsycology, i have had no job for a year. I have been prostituting around here, which has been my main source of money, along with sometimes stealing from my clients, like when they invite me to sleep after sex, i get up and steal some stuff and run away.i have been arrested many times, and sometime have gotten away using bribes. I have many warrants under my name too, and am living in a small crampy house. One room, one bathroom, one kitchen. (i have internet access from our local library, which i frequently visit, sometimes for free food, sometimes for internet). My extended family has no idea who i am, or whether i even exist. What should i do? I'm planning on taking tylenol sometime next week, and finishing this nightmare once and for all. No job, no life, i have no other option. I visit my dad like once a week, and he still goddamned knocked out. I'm crying right now in the library, this is really bad. I really have no other option than to end this. 