Something inside me (M23) wants to kill myself and I don’t know what to doFor a couple of years now, I’ve been having thoughts about killing myself and recently they’ve been getting to the point where I think it might happen. There’s also a tiny part of me that keeps subtly trying to reach out for help but I always diffuse it before I ever get to the point of talking to someone about it, which is why I’m writing this post. 

When I was 18 (now 23), I developed a gambling addiction (blackjack and roulette) and over the past 5 years I’ve lost my six figure family savings because of it. I’m now 2 months without any gambling and have only £5000 left of debt to pay off but I feel like my history with the addiction is still continuing to mess with my head. This is still only part of what’s going on in my head so to avoid going off on too many tangents, I’ll leave this part here but can discuss more in the comments.

For as long as I can remember, I’ve never been happy with myself. I’m a 23 year old guy but I’m 5’4”, look about 12 and I don’t have the personality to make up for it. Because of this, I always had a history of lying and making stuff up in a desperate effort to try and get people to like me. I’ve always had a group of friends but I’ve always felt like an outsider within our friendship group, constantly feeling like they’re saying one thing to my face but not actually liking me.

Fast forward to just over a year ago, I got a decent graphic design job, in a nearby city. Because of this job, I moved away from my parents and in with a friend from school who’s a bartender in the city. My works going incredibly well and I currently think it’s the only thing that’s keeping me alive. I’ve made new friends with a couple of the people I work with and it’s the first time that I feel like people genuinely want to be with me. There’s one that I get on with particularly well and I’ve tried subtly reaching out to him to ask for help but I always stop myself before it gets anywhere. I recently mentioned it to him when I was drunk and the next day he told me that if I was serious then he was there to talk to but I just responded saying that I say a lot of stuff when I’m drunk and not to worry about it.

Due to my flat mate working opposite hours to me, whenever I’m at home I’m on my own. I’ve been staying at the previously mentioned friends because ‘it’s convenient for work and we get to hang out’ but realistically I’m just staying there at the moment because I’m scared of what I’ll do when I’m on my own. I’ve been throwing myself into my work and working hours later than I’m supposed to because when I’m concentrating on my work then my mind forgets about everything else and it’s almost blissful. 

I’m not entirely sure of the reason for this post but I think I just wanted to write it down and get it out there, even if the people who know me don’t find out. I think part of me is looking for advice and support but there’s also part of me that’s looking for the motivation to do it and that scares me.

TL;DR suicidal thoughts are fighting with the part of me that wants to get help.