im so lostso much is going wrong and idk what to do

the main thing is my family. my father is verbally abusive, making no money, and causes me so much stress. he never helps around the house and just constantly starts fights and insults us. he also makes threats on our lives. we’ve called the police but they dont do shit. every fucking day i wake up to the kitchen being a disaster and i have to clean it all up only to get yelled at. my brother rarely helps and complains whenever i ask. and my mom works so long that she physically cant. my mom keeps saying that she’s trying to get him out but hasnt done anything because we cant find a house to move into and will only be able to afford the current one for a short amount of time after. my father is an alcoholic and just keeps costing us more money and making us miserable but we’re seemingly fucking stuck with him and i dont know how much longer i can handle it. 

i obviously show signs of mental illness but i cannot get professional diagnosis or help. as i mentioned earlier, we need to save money to try to get my father out. and aside from that my mom overreacts about everything and would just make me feel worse. she’d keep me under constant surveillance and make me really uncomfortable. i hate when people pry and i have a feeling her behavior would just push me over the edge. the only people i have to talk to are some of my friends but all they can offer is a bit of comfort over the phone that barely helps. 

with school starting my anxiety has just been booming. normal school already makes me anxious and online has proved to be even worse. i cant interact with the few people that can distract me and make me feel better in person and the online setting throws me off. i spend half of the time zoning out because i have issues focusing and the other nearly having an anxiety attack because i feel like im learning nothing and going to fail. it also feels like everyone on the call is listening to me and watching me. when youre in person you can look around and check that no one is staring but online youd never know and we’re not allowed to turn off our cameras and it makes me extremely anxious. i would try to talk to a counselor but if they would contact my parents i would be fucked.

school in general has been getting so much harder. i used to be dead-set on becoming a veterinarian so i could use that as leverage to force myself to focus but recently ive been unsure of that dream and dont have that help anymore. the only thing im sure of is that i want to leave america. im especially interested in scotland, japan, or korea. in korea or japan id be fine with being an english teacher but i have no clue what i would do in scotland and recently that is the country that ive been most interested in. nothing i do in school catches my interest or seems important anymore so i just check out and then have no idea what im doing and im too anxious to ask a teacher or classmate. 

and aside from all of that. im just fucking lonely. i have a few close friends but one of them never has her phone, another has his own issues to deal with, and the last i just dont feel comfortable being very vulnerable with because i feel like she wouldnt get it. she’s much happier than me. i dont feel comfortable around most of my family. the only exceptions being my grandparents, but i cant tell them anything because theyre so close to my mother, and my cousins, who i dont see enough to justify opening up to them about these things. i also find myself frequently craving physical affection as a form of comfort but few people i know are affectionate and regardless im too anxious to ever ask. recently ive been losing sleep because i feel so anxious and unsafe while im alone but i dont have anyone that can make me feel safe. 

also because of my father and some other traumatic events i have a deep rooted fear of relationships and feel like im going to either be taken advantage of or im going to fuck them up. not very nice when im also lonely as fuck. the only people id feel comfortable with are people ive known forever that im really close with but i suck at meeting new people and i also would be scared they wouldnt see me in the same way and id ruin a friendship. so it’s just a dumb ass cycle of me being alone and miserable. 

this is long as fuck but everything is going wrong and i dont know how much longer i can take it. ive thought about suicide for years now but always been too scared to go through with it. the more that goes downhill though, the easier of an option it seems. 

oh yeah and to top everything off im non-binary and bisexual and my mom doesnt support it so i cant come out to her and my brother has made fun of people like that before :))) the only people again are my cousins but like i said before,, i see them so infrequently that i cannot justify opening up like that

if you read this fucking novel,, thanks. im gonna go lay in bed and try not to puke from the anxiety im feeling about school tomorrow ✌️