I'm coming to the end of my lifeThe writing in this won't be very good since I haven't bothered to go over it i'm posting it just as it came out of my head. It's quite long so I hope some of you read till the end and comment on it.
I don't know where to start because I don't know where it all went wrong, so I guess I'll start from the beggining.
I am someone who grew up in Spain to english parents. My childhood was not a happy one and it hasn't got any better since then. I come from a dysfunctional background my parents never seemed to get along were and always are fighting over the stupidest things it almost feels like they enjoy it but I certainly don't it has had an enormous impact on me. I was never very close to either of my parents but the relationship with my dad was specially distant to the point where the only interaction I ever had with him was when he would abuse me I can distinctly remember him telling me was going to kill me at one point and I wish he had. This is something that I have been thinking about a lot lately since I wonder if this was a major contributing factor to me being gay and it probably was since it is now known that people aren't simply born gay and that environmental as well as biological factors play a role in this development.
I have also never had a lot of friends or hobbies and for a long time I didn't care at all except some periods of my life where it did make me very anxious to think i lacked a social life and that people very obviously didn't like me and would make it very clear to me.
In my third year of secondary school i was failing big time in school so my parents sent me to a really bad boarding school and I have in hindsight understood that this school was very very academically bad like really shit specially to British academic standards, but in this school I had a good group of friends and I didn't know it would lead my life to the deep end of the toilet so I was relatively happy.
When i finished secondary school I went to a new school once again where I didn't have any friends which made me incredibly lonely and made me feel so so so inferior. This inferior complex is something I'd been dragging along all my life specially since I have always been a bit effeminate and my brother was always the athletic cool attractive charismatic type of guy and always put me down for being kind of gay and sometimes did so in front of my mother and she would say nothing to stop him which made the whole subject all the more taboo to me. I now have no problem admitting that I'm gay and being overtly effeminate, I'm over it. But I would still rather be dead than gay. Another fact I hate about myself is the fact that I am a third culture kid and specially that I am grew up in the cancerous country of spain, it's just so shit it just is. I just wish I had grown up in england so fucking bad because I have to watch as my cousins go to good schools and good universities and I grew up in a shit country and had a really bad education as well as having to feel like an immigrant both in England and Spain. It baffles me so much how some English people can dislike the country and think its intolerant when its one of the most if not the most tolerant country in the world.
When i finished baccalaureate I moved to england and started uni in a city which I at first thought was great but then realized was a really poor choice aswell as started a degree which I dropped out of because I knew fuck all about the subject going in and realized was not what i expected at all. My social life at this stage was absolutely terrible in my first year I basically lived alone because I hardly saw my two housemates and I only had one friend who I went out with every few weekends. Up until the end of the year I didn't really care about the fact that I didn't have friends it wasn't even something I though about because I had filled my head for the past few years with sjw ideology which had me believing i was superior to other. Although during the Easter break when I went home to Spain I met a guy who I liked a lot and he seemed to like me and i fell for him in a massive way because I was in such need for companionship even though I didn't realize it. Then i came back to England to continue with the course and we Skyped almost every day for two months after which i went back to spain and he then broke up with me. This was when my depression really started to unfold I had had periods of suicidal though throughout my life starting when I was about 8, but this was the event that lead me to being how I am today. After this I went back to england for about two weeks in which I was completely alone and all I did was think about him and completely beat myself up about it. Then i went back to Spain for the summer and was the loneliest time of my life I had to watch as my ex and everyone I knew went to music festivals and enjoyed their summer as I sat on my sofa all say because the few friends I have are incredibly boring and what to do absolutely nothing. This is a trend with the people I befriend they super boring people who don't like doing anything. Then I had some hope that my life would improve going into my second year of uni which was even worse by december I had already decided I was going to kill myself. I moved in with two friends who I absolutely love but are also incredibly boring one of them is also very depressed no social life and only plays videogames all day. I got hooked on weed became too depressed to do anything and eventually dropped out for three months after that I stayed at home doing nothing, I had told my parents I would find a job but what I hadn't told them was that I was planning on saving to get euthanized in switzerland which I now know isn't as simple as just paying the money. In july I moved to a different city with a friend from school and with my overall skills the only job I can aspire to is working in a warehouse (dream job I know). So now I am five months out of uni and my only plan is to commit suicide and I plan on doing it. I cannot deal with the fact that I grew up in Spain and that I'm gay I blame my parents for these two thing (because they have made me a weirdo with no chance of a normal life) and have a massive amount of resentment towards them. So I don’t care if I hurt them the only people in my family I care about hurting are my sister and my grandparents but I have reached a point where I just can’t deal with life anymore I’ve had more than I can take. The decision is more than made I'm doing it.