I don't know where else to turnThe past year has been the start of just a fucking shit show to come and I've lost the will and compassion to feel or do much if not anything- I'm only here because I've no idea where else to go. 

Mid 2018 early 2019, me and the girl I was extremely close with loosing touch with one another. We both had feelings but both too anxious to say or do anything about it. After that she got with someone else she barely knew and with little reason, I supported it because I care about her and wanted to support her every decision but it had such a fucking horrible negative backlash on me I spent all my time in year 10/11 locked in a cubicle doing really unhealthy shit. This continues till we leave secondary school and we joined college. She only talks to me when she's drunk or there's no one else to talk to and it fills me with such regret and self hatred I cannot contain it. I still loose sleep over it.
 
Mid 2019 - present day, so much has happened I struggle to compute what's going on anymore. I'm forced to move out of my dads because his mental health condition affects my own, leading to several attempted suicide accounts and more successive frequent relapses of self harm (continuing up until this day). I get very very very close with a guy I love really fucking dearly and he was the only person that would speak to me, he has a boyfriend, we ended up sleeping together a few times (he's allowed it's an open relationship thing I don't know) and I feel completely and utterly belittled by the bf. I don't talk to him but I know that no matter anything I do I'll never be as much to him as his partner or anything else. The guys friends approach me and tell him he's turning into me which changed how I look at absolutely everything with him, he started listening to everything I listen to, he stated self harming again because I did. He became me and it's no one's fault but my own. I wish he never met me, whatever happened it wasn't worth it. We don't talk anymore.

My dad tried to kill himself on Christmas eve. I was waiting at his house for him to come home and he turns up late telling me how he was really low and how he tried to kill himself because of an argument with a friend. He went to an overpass near a Trainline, a bridgelike thing leading onto a very busy road below. He only stopped because a homeless man talked him out of it. It made me cry but I couldn't tell him it upset me because I've never been taught how to show compassion and it made me feel terrible.

Christmas was similar. Insomnia allowed me to sleep at ≈6am woke up to 4 children screaming at 7:30am to open their presents. I didn't get anything but I didn't and still don't care about that. I found out my manipulative abusive stepdad was coming to visit so I left and sat outside my dads for a couple hours because he wasn't in and I didn't have my keys. In the end I slept at my dads but ended up SH relapsing after 6 days just around midnight.

The only thing my dad ever bought me, my favourite guitar of all time, was dropped on the concrete path by an old friend of mine and I'm too scared to use him because of the immense disrepair it's in. It's beyond repair and I still have the image of it falling to the ground in my head and it keeps me awake at night.

A few weeks ago a few of my 'friends' (rather people I know) told the college about mine and the guy I'm close with's SH issue. They now think I'm a 'dominatrix instagator' making the guy self harm like me. One of them made a snide remark 'if you're addicted to self harm clap your hands'.

There's more but it hurts bringing stuff up this of the first and last time I'll post here because I just didn't know where else to turn. I promised the guy I wouldn't try and kill myself anymore but at this point I just think why bother. The college I'm at has threatened me with kicking me out because of my mental health so what's stopping me. I always fantasise about going to the woods and ending it but I've nothing to do it with. So here I am. Stuck in emotional purgatory for the millionth time.

Sorry for the rant. It'll do no good to anyone