Going to end itlaws that were mine were stolen from me to conceal a crime and shield those involved. Cops didn't mind kicking me figuratively with cleats because of a crime. They brag to me alienating me opened up a big can of worms but admitted I must be harmed for the good of the group. I requested the order of protection against my attackers and the gave it to my attacker and ordered me to roll with the punches.

I'm now clearing out items that I never dreamed would come to this. The car is loaded with items to be given tons local guy I mean many vintage items. I no longer care. People were never interested in just my story alone, it had to be compounded for others so my voiced isn't to be heard. I don't count I'm a part of The Binders of Women, nothing more and never to have.
I've lost everything imaginable and crimes inducing a hate crime were pulled on me and it is against the law to induce others into a commission of a crime in which they might not have done. I was told Everybody to blame for this....

I have cats that either I take their lives with me or leave them to be separated, mother n kitten though no longer a kitten, she just turned 9 months old I may take her life with me for she and her mother would most likely be separated thus if life is so miserable for me then living for them would be just as bad 

20 half yrs of representative payee reports of fraud with a government doctor December 18, 2002 saying to my face YOU'RE SUICIDAL then launch an attack on me when I challenge that and their refusal to place those statements in writing. I've been on SSDI over 20 yrs but never seen a Dr other than a court set up of crimes I didn't do and the DA knew it and admitted it but didn't want the judge to hear the tape I had of a murder if a local 12 yr old kid and where that kid could be unearthed and those involved with her murder, this was Nov 97, murder happened in 1993 and someone who threatened my life told me I was going to be arrested it was going to involve kids and once inside I was never going to see light of day, again. I was going to be murdered because of a colleagues firing which I hAd nothing to do with it. On this tape was the other person and on this tape also said how many murders do you have me connected to. Both the DA and the defense attorney didn't want the judge to hear the content of that tape.

There comes a point it was time to bring this shit in for a landing. I've been inundated with death threats and cops knew it but it was part of a stung operation, NO ITS ENTRAPMENT. I never counted. They blew my mother's mind out of her skull hospital officials abused me for her shit but with blood dripping down his gloves by attempting to shove a catheter into her urethra she kept scratching this fucker and he kept shouting at her YOU'RE IN THE HOSPITAL YOU LOST YOUR MIND demanding I hold her down n he's got blood all over him and officials are attacking me for her floor show but one month earlier she was in the hospital they kept her 5 days then 7 days n rehab, threw her out Medicare rejected payment because hospital doctors said she didn't need medical attention so she does the exact fucking same thing and they came after me. Oh, fuck you I had it I'm not spouse and more, with what cops did, I now wished she died on her floor show she is now gone in the head and nothing ends for me.

I am currently holding a weapon right now and I don't care what happens anymore this was my value and worth inducing crimes and robbing me of a lifetime, then life isn't worth a mother fucking thing.

My family has been in this country since 1640 and fought n major wars earned medals and more. My blood gave these bastards a green card and with that green card they shit on me, violated major laws and the cops capitalize upon this and entered into a gangland territorial disputes shield those involved from what was theirs to endure. 

I still have that tape of the kids murder and where that damn thing can be discovered. I don't care, my story was first and the longest, but it never ends for me. I went to a psychic in 1996 and she said those men, those men did this it's evil, it's vile it's cruel and it may not end well for me all because of those men.  

I just can't believe the sheer evil of men and the sheer evil of cops silencing and abusing a witness and a crime victim.

I'm all done with life, it's all over for me nobody wanted to be there for me it's all the game I'm to be ignored and forgotten in order to prove to others I could be harmed