The ache in my chest is so terrible, it just might kill me. 32FI don't actually plan on killing myself, I just need to unload. It hurts so much that I can barely breathe.  

I separated from my former husband back in January 2013. I wasn't about money, so I didn't ask for alikony, I gave him the house, and I only receive $300 in child support. I was fine financially, at the time. I was unhappy so I drank. I was a functioning alcoholic. 

About two and a half years ago I was raped. Without going into too much detail, I realized just how unhappy I was with my life. I had a job that paid well, but I felt I had no purpose. After I was raped, I realized that it was partly my lifestyle that put me in that situation. I have a 10yo daughter, and she needs me. so I turned things around. 

I stopped drinking, I quit the job that made me so unhappy, and I went back to school to finish my studies. I got into a good relationship, and everything seemed alright. It was something I wanted to work out so badly. 

After I quit the lucrative job about two years ago, my dad was diagnosed with cancer. I watched him decline from full function and then I gave him his last dose of morphine three days before Christmas, an hour and a half before he died. 

Cue February, what was supposed to be my two year anniversary, my boyfriend decides to end it. Or he thinks he wants to; we're incompatible. So here I am, 32, facing imminent homelessness and hurting so much that I don't even know where to begin. I'm withdrawing from school so I can find a job, but I haven't had a steady one for about two years now. 

Every day I force myself to go through the motions; pound the pavement to find something--anything to get me back on my feet but I feel myself slipping further and further. I wish I had a measure of certainty, even just a small bit. I no longer have a lot saved because of the deficit in child support, and I also tried to help out my mom financially when my dad was sick. 

Now I have nothing left except for the daughter I love so much, but we all know love isn't practical. It won't put a shelter over her head or feed her. The aching in my chest is so overwhelming I can hardly breathe. I don't know who to turn to, or to ask for help. I have nobody left. 