Time to SuicideI've been anxious since I was 4. Bullied badly all through school. Couldn't make proper friends because I distrusted everybody. Lived in fight or flight ever since. Home was tense too, distant volatile father, gentle mother, they broke up thank god but by then the damage was done. Flunked my Leaving Cert, worked in sales and got addicted to spending cash I didn't have, smoking joints to numb the pain even though it actually made me more anxious and always tired.

I stayed in unhappy relationships ignoring my gut because frankly I didn't know how I felt bar constant fear. One lead to pregnancy lead to breakup lead to awful eight year custody battle including international abduction, huge legal bills and endless anxiety, heavy drinking and sleepless nights and anger. 

More relationships and then finally a breakdown and time off work. Went to counseling on and off for the years leading up to it and then went again during the time off. Met a lovely calm driven girl and got back on my feet. Job ground me slowly down and still court battles and gf seemed cold distant and sometimes v angry. Ploughed on and wanted to move in cos housemate was v moody. Battle eased off and now? She's pregnant and I nearly killed myself. 

I went to hospital for psych assessments and prescribed meds. Still want to die. 15 weeks pregnant and I just wish she'd miscarry. Awful tension in the house and she thinks I'm selfish for feeling suicidal. She knew I didn't want kids and she took laxatives that counteracted the pill and refused point blank getting an abortion.

I hate myself for feeling thus way and I hate that once again I've created a situation purely cos I was too fucked up to know if I was happy or sad. I still wish to god she'd miscarry. She's 36 and it could still happen. But I can't go through the battle again I just can't. And I can't love a girl who hates showing affection. Hates hugs or holding hands. And I can't live with myself for ruining her. I'm done. I just want a painless way to go. I'm looking up ways online but it's hard to find.