Witness to my mom's suicide attempts.Hello there! Using a throwaway account for this.

I'm only 17, and I kinda need advice (not on killing myself). So, ever since my mom divorced my dad back in the 2012's, she's been very unstable emotionally. She has struggled with depression and serious insomnia all her life, and yes, she does go to the therapist/psychiatrist. I do the same too, for my OCD and potentially BPD. Sometimes I wonder if it is even worth stopping her from killing herself, and sometimes I just am too depressed to stop her from doing anything until the most dangerous moment.

So every time - and I mean, EVERY TIME, she gets drunk - she will attempt to kill herself. I've seen her slit her wrists (they get very bloody) on a few times, almost jump off a building another and done a lot of other stuff. I have a younger sibling that's always home and more then half of the time she has to see me stop my mom from doing all these acts. As for me, I feel extremely shitty after these events. I've tried to stop her from drinking, but she always threatens to never come home if I throw away all her beer. (She's a very good mom, not the shitty kind that abuses other people or me, so she's just talking out of drunkness.) Her family members, my aunt and uncle all try to help her cope with it, but she usually just continues to drink and ignore everyone else. I don't blame her for drinking, but the way she behaves each time is seriously taxing mentally. I feel that each time she does this, I get very traumatized on the things she does.

I have my exams coming up, very big exams that will decide my future. However, we live in a very small flat and I have to hear her cry each time she is drunk. This seriously disrupts my studying (she does it for HOURS until midnight) and I am not sure if I can handle it anymore. I know we have to help her and be supportive of her, but it's been tough these four years listening. It brings me down, and it makes me very depressed sometimes. If I attempt to leave the house to study, my 10 year old sister won't be able to stop her if anything happens. So I'm trapped at home. Sometimes she doesn't even need to drink, she just does it.

I have people to talk to, of course. Counselors, etc. But she just attempted AGAIN tonight after drinking and I am feeling extremely shitty. Not to the point where I would attempt suicide, but it seriously affects my revision and studying for exams. Added on with the anxiety of potentially failing, it just amplifies the feeling of feeling shit. 

She usually becomes okay and behaves normally once it's in the morning. I'm wondering what I should do to help her out or help myself out? 

Do you people have any ideas on what I should do? Thanks in advance!






