Suicide seems to be the inevitable answer, but I can't bring myself to do itI will try to describe my current predicament as eloquently as possible, but of course, the fact of the matter is that I really feel that I want to stop living. I would rather not exist, let alone feel anything anymore. I want no afterlife and I want nothing after death. It is the unfortunate consequence of my existence and not a reaction to unfortunate events, but rather more like a deep gut feeling of unsatisfaction since youth. 

"Wouldn't it be better if I were dead?" is a common enough phrase for those who wish for freedom in death, but no, that's not it either.

It's more like, "I wish I never existed."

Even so, I am a great believer in the fact that everyone has great individual worth, but I selfishly wish to no longer lead such a heavy existence. To be honest, currently I am actually very fortunate. I have a job, an amazing partner in which any complimenting words can only scratch the surface of the great things this man can do (let alone to how happy he has made me), an apartment that I can pay on my own, friends and companions, at least an average level of intelligence, and good health. 

I have gone through many steps to get where I am today and to achieve what I have achieved, but still, my efforts all seem so lackluster, in the sense that I really have only done what anyone can do. I have no special talents nor am I particularly interesting. Often times I have lost the drive to perform most actions, including but not limited to, eating and talking. I have had a past of self harm, but even that is too much effort these days. Eventually, I may no longer feel what I want to feel, so before then, I'd like to die with some happiness. 

Please don't misunderstand my explanation, for I am no victim here. I just wish to get some outside perspective on such a situation and well, hopefully enough justification for suicide itself. This is tip of the iceberg. Please help dive deep beneath the surface. 

Also, for anyone that I have every associated with, I'm sorry. I am so sorry. Please, after death if it may come for me, please forgive me. 


