So many things are just not going right. Im comfortable but i cant enjoy the stuff i like to do.Okay let me try to lay out everything as smoothly as possible without rambling...

I think I've always had depression and anxiety. When I was younger I had meds for it for a while but I didn't take them consistently because I didn't see imediate effects (cause I was in middle/highschool and wanted things to get better now) bit I quit taking them eventually and as my life generally got better I felt like I didn't need them for the most part.

I am 19, turning 20 in 3 months. I'm bisexual and agender so I've had my struggles as an LGBT person but I'm not sure if my problems are because of that purely.

I'm in a relationship with a guy I've met about a year ago who I've been dating for 9-10 months. He's amazing and every time I think of him I think of a comfortable life. We both want to move to Japan one day. We both love video games. All that good shit.

We both work at the same well paying blue electronics retailer.

So in reality I don't have much to complain about...

But I feel like life is dragging me by my toenails. I did a semester of community college that I only took two classes and immediately I wanted to die. So.. I haven't been back in over a year.

I want to do art as a career. I want to get back into repainting my dolls. I want to play more video games and DDR. I want to start streaming on twitch and make YouTube. But all I end up doing is laying in bed just staring at the wall.

My boyfriend is the only thing that gets me to get up and eat and play and do anything.

I'm so unmotivated and makes me think that I'm just an idiot and a bitch and stupid because I just can't get up.

I've been on auto pilot for a few days now and I just don't know how to help myself.

I want to do so much with my life but every time I think of something it seems more like a task over my head than motivation.

For the first time in 6 years I thought about cutting myself just so that I could feel something.. but saying it out loud makes me think I'm just an edgy emo kid.

I don't have plans to kill myself or anything but if anyone here has gotten through something like this before.. please lend me your knowledge. I feel like I have so much wasted potential.