I really want to kill myselfI don't even know where to begin. I'm 17 years old and a high school senior. My 18th birthday is in a few months. I've had on-and-off battles with depression ever since I was in junior high. Junior high was the worst. I was one of the biggest social outcasts in the school. I was harassed all the time. It felt like I was living in hell. It was so bad that I often spent every night crying myself to sleep because the bullying was too much for me to handle. It got to the point where I cut myself in the 8th grade. Thankfully, as I entered high school, the bullying didn't really happen. There have been a few times since freshman year that somebody has bullied me, but it pales in comparison to my middle school experiences. Regardless, the past year or so has been too much for me. Specifically, my family life. You see, during my early to mid teenage years, I always had support from my family, and I always felt comfortable at home. However, that has changed.....drastically. My father has been unemployed for 3 years. He worked at a small financial firm and made six figures every year. 
Money was never really a problem in our family. Obviously, that changed when my dad lost his job. The day my father lost his job was the start of the slow path to the downfall of my parents' marriage. Money became a lot tighter. My mom started to get significantly more verbally abusive to everyone, especially my father. 
What made matters worse was that my father developed a severe alcohol addiction as a result of being unemployed and having a depression of his own, for not working and sitting on the couch all day doing practically nothing. It wasn't until about a year and a half ago that his alcoholism began to take a serious toll on his body. He started stumbling and holding on to walls. It became so bad that literally EVERY TIME he drank something, it was always some sort of alcoholic beverage. Eventually, his alcoholism led him to the hospital some time in mid 2015. He spent a month in the hospital. He was on life support for a few days. Eventually, he got better. He went to rehab and got better. He also stopped drinking. Everything was great until about 6 months ago, when it turned out that he started drinking again, and was sneaking vodka bottles around the house. And of course, that's when things started to get back to the way they were again. Constant verbal arguments. My mom talking about how my father "abuses" her (my father never hit my mother or anything of the sort). And how she is going to sell the house and divorce my father. Considering the fact that my mother has a serious prescription drug and nicotine addiction, I never sided with my mother during this time, and I never will, because quite frankly, BOTH of my parents are letting me down. 
The straw that broke the camel's back for me in terms of my family life was when my parents started sleeping in separate rooms a month ago and when I figured out that my mom is CHEATING on my father. 
Some people might say that the situation with my family isn't enough to want to kill myself. But i'm going through much more than that. I also have severe self-esteem problems. I always tell myself that there's something wrong with me because every girl who I've ever had feelings for has rejected me. It makes me feel like shit that I'm 17 years old and can't find someone who wants to be with me. I guess I can't blame them. But it still hurts.
To put the icing on the cake, my dog, who I love very much, is dying. Whenever I'm sad or lonely, my dog was always there to make me feel better. Her health is so poor now, that I can't cuddle with her or play with her like I used to be able to.
With all of these factors along with other minor issues that I never discussed in this post, I've been feeling the urge to kill myself. I feel like I have nothing to live for, and if I died, nobody would care. Anyways, I'm sorry if this post was incoherent or if the reasons I've cited for wanting to kill myself sound like petty shit to a lot of you, but that's what it's come down to for me. 