My seventeenth birthday is in twelve days and I'll most likely have to spend it alone.I have no lover. I have few friends. Nobody at school really knows or cares about me. I've got pretty much nothing and nobody.

I've always sort of hated my birthday. I always saw it as a day where people have you shit out ot obligation rather than just doing so to be nice. I always saw it as celebrating the fact that you're a year closer to your own obituary being in the Sunday news. It seems so pointless. Why would I want to celebrate my birthday? I don't even like myself, why celebrate a day centered around something I don't even like? Most people don't like me either. I've got my family and about a handful of friends (of which I am thankful to have though). But nobody will even be there for me on my birthday besides my mom and brothers, and that's if I'm lucky. All of my brothers work and my mom is never home nowadays, so I wouldn't be surprised if even they didn't show up. So I'll essentially be all alone.

I've always fantasized about liking my birthday. Loving it even. I'd wake up to texts from friends and family, even a lover, all saying "happy birthday" with some sort of nice message about how they appreciate me. Then I'd get up and clean the house and prepare for a small party I'd have. I'd order pizza and make cake or something and just spend time with all my friends and family and my lover. Or maybe my lover and my family would all go out to a nice restaurant together and just have a blast being together. But it's just that; a fantasy. Not a reality. It could never be a reality. Everybody is too busy and I'm too unlovable and undesirable for a lover. It's similar to how I hate Christmas, though I hate Christmas even more. But that's for a later post. 

To conclude, I'm not looking forward to my birthday. I haven't since I was a younger kid and I probably don't ever again. Life had a funny way of making everything go wrong for me, and I've just gotten used to it at this point. Though that doesn't make it any easier to deal with  I just want to throw my face into my pillow and cry until I cease to exist, but I can't even cry anymore. Yea, I'm lonely and depressed most of the time and I can't even cry. I can't even be properly fucking depressed! But I digress. I hope you guys have a good weekend, and hopefully better birthdays than mine will most likely be.

Cheers.