I want to die in three yearsRight now, things are easy, and I like the way things are going. I have friends who I care about and who care about me, people I can relate to. I've got a good family life, fun siblings and a loving mother. I'm currently in college getting high marks, higher grades than I ever had in my entire life, pursuing a subject I really enjoy. I have hobbies that I love, interests I love, life doesn't feel like a drag in the slightest. I'm happy. Like, I have it really good right now. But I really hope that in three to four years I have the courage to hang myself.

The world is getting *worse.* Like, holy shit, this world is getting so much worse for the working class and it's a little mind boggling. I despise this country. I hate it so much. I fucking despise everything about America and every single capitalist lie that gets shoved down people's throats, convincing them that working 60 hours a week just to possibly survive is normal, and justifiable. What a living nightmare we exist in. Currently, the field I'm pursuing only has good jobs in a few cities, and those cities have exorbitantly high cost of living. 2,000+ dollars a month for a small, unfurnished hole in the wall apartment building? And naturally, my field of work regularly has 10 hour days, 60-70 hour work weeks, that's generally the norm. And at first I thought to myself that this was just a unique, shitty feature of my preferred industry, but it really isn't. Everyone has to deal with such bullshit working conditions in order to meet the bare minimum of living, no matter what field. The workdays are meaningless, and they keep getting longer and longer and wages are getting worse and worse. This is affecting EVERYONE. And the younger you are, the worse you're going to have it. College debt will be something I have to deal with for the rest of my life, and for what? I do not want to be ground to dust for the rest of my adult life just so I can lay down for 10 hours a day on the one day per week I have off. Human beings should not have to live like this. It's inhumane, it's disgusting, and some inescapable climate apocalypse is going to bring about hell on Earth, even for wealthier countries.

Is this really *life?* Is this honestly what life is about? Is this what it all adds up to? We have a brief flash of freedom when we're in our teens, then we're driven into the dirt and feel like shit all of our lives. Then we try and tell other people ways we shouldn't feel like shit, even though everyone just feels like shit. Trying to convince ourselves that there's some mythic utopian life we can be living in which your wages can afford you everything you need to live plus savings and some disposable income for fun, and you don't have to work more than 40 hours a week (which, by the way, is completely unnecessary given the dramatic rise in productivity standards). In reality, everything just sucks when you're in the real world, and I honestly don't want to deal with any of that.

I want to live the next three years of my life the best I can, and ever since I convinced myself that I'll be dead in three years, I have felt amazing. I'll try anything I want, I'll take chances whenever I please, and it feels great. I feel so fucking liberated it's amazing. I don't have to deal with the consequences of anything if I don't want to. I just live, doing the best I can and doing whatever I want knowing that I have an easy out when the fun runs dry and life becomes a nightmare. It feels fucked up, but there's something so cathartic about always having a get out of jail free card. It allows me to do whatever I wish, and I don't want this lifestyle I've adopted to go away. I want to live free forever. But I can't. So when my freedom is gone, I'm going to kill myself, and I'll be happy about it. I won't let the world get to me. I'll live and die on my own terms, and I honestly can't see a better way to do it. What is wrong with me? I love myself and my life, but I really wanna kill myself in three years.