Am I even living?I am just....over it. Like I don't want to end it or hurt myself but at the same time after all I have been through I am just ready for it to be over. I am on the verge of giving up.

I am in my 20s....I grew up identifying as a gay male and a few years back came to terms with being a trans woman. I didn't ever come out, I simply was....or at least i thought was and later I just sort of transitioned.

My parents are split...My father has always supported me(perks of having a gay dad who knows the struggles of not being yourself) and yet my mother refuses to acknowledge me....It makes me feel as if I am still a child and she is placating me. Instead of "I'm a Power ranger, Mom." it's "I'm a woman, mom." and she's going "Sure you are honey."

She refuses to even try using my preferred name and even has forced/manipulated me into presenting as male for certain events such as family pictures...and when I refused, she literally had my brother(we are triplets) duplicated in the picture to essentially be me.

I thought I could handle it...but the support of my mother is the support I . need the most and yet I don't get it. I am so envious of the people around me and the love and support they have from their parents. I am happy for them and yet resent and am jealous and I hate that feeling.

I was beaten up for being gay and grown up in the south. I was sexually assaulted at 13 by a group of boys who thought it was funny to place their penises on my head and face because the "queer" liked it.

I told my mother about it and she essentially told me i was making it up and I shouldn't report it. When i said something to the troop counselor, she blamed me for embarrassing the family and made me feel like shit.

I always did what I was told and expected of and I was the perfect child...until my 20s when i started rebelling.

I later found myself in an abusive relationship with a man who was the first time a man ever "loved" me for me and not as his fetish or fantasy. I allowed myself to be beaten, guilted into sex, and degraded because it was the first time i had felt what i thought was love.

Nobody knew he beat me....and when i finally got the courage to leave...she blamed me for leaving a man who would have supported me.

I was raped in 2017 by a man who decided to mug me on my way back to my jeep when i was walking alone....and I told her and my childhood best friend.

"You shouldn't be walking alone."

"Why weren't you paying attention?"

"How drunk were you?"

Never once asked if I was okay....Never once said it'll be okay.

I was sexually assaulted in 2018 in a very horrible situation and I was told

"If you weren't there, it wouldn't have happened."

I am so comfortable being a trans woman....I don't care about passing. I don't care about who views me as a woman. I simply want to be viewed and treated as \*Insert name here\*

and yet....I am told

"I am doing too much to be seen."

"Live your life smartly...if you insist one being a woman do it when you go out to the clubs. But only go to gay clubs."

Last night, I stupidly answered a call from my ex. He had gotten my number from a friend and it had been a few years since we dated and he claimed he had changed and wanted to see me. I had a drink, he had several. We went back to his place...He wanted to have sex I didn't. He forced himself on me....and hit me repeatedly. Always the side and my back.

"Thank god you're dark. You don't bruise easily."

I had sex with him again because i wanted him to stop and I honestly couldn't take another beating. He threw my iphone and cracked the LCD. Then finally went to sleep...I decided to sneak out and i spent the night sleeping in a corridor on a cold floor.

I don't want to die. I don't want to kill myself. And Yet, I am tired of living this life. I am tired of feeling alone. I am tired of fighting for myself and having to be strong for myself. I am tired of wanting to cry and beg for help but I am afraid to ask for help.

I don't want to die...but am I really living? It doesn't matter what selfies i take, what smile i have, what wig i wear, what sexy outfit i wear....it doesnt matter the confidence i portray because behind it all....I am suffocating, I am drowning.

No, I don't want to die....but I am so ready for the final thing to just break me or destroy me. I said to a friend when is it my turn to be the next black trans woman you hear about?

I can't kill myself but I am feeling like I am slowly dying...suffering.

No, I don't want to die...but I don't think I ever lived in the first place.