It's finally time to go homeHello Reddit,

Let me tell you my story. I am Aquarius, and most of my life I had it bad. Bad luck all of my life. Just when I tough everything was going to be ok for once, life lied to me once again. It decided to crush my dreams 1 more time. I always had this idea of creating a company that pursued experimentation in the arts, technology, and entertainment. and had the idea for about 4 years. I invested all of my money into making it work, but of course it needed more money. A lot of money, which resulted in hundreds of rejection letters from investors. Until 1 person came along, a "private" piece of shit investor scammer that pretty much killed my dreams 1 more time. Just when I tough, God finally did listen to me, angels had my back, this shit happens. And is not pretty. I found out it was a scam after a month, me thinking that I had money somewhere else, and they ask me for money to withdraw the money that was suppose to be mine. I am Aqua, and pretty smart, but this flew over my radar. I apologize to anyone that I tried to hire, and wanted to be part of my company. Went from suicidal to having hope again to finally suicidal again. I decided I am going to kill my self in 4 days. I debated on doing it, about 10 times. and this is it. 

I watched an Anime called Serial Experiments Lain a few weeks ago, and pretty much is about Suicide. I won't spoil it! :P but is good, and has a good philosophy behind it. We are all connected, like this post. People on the internet care more about killing yourself than your own fucking family who fucking ignore you. Sad

Anyway, I am ready to go home, I did some studies about what happens after death, and seems like the best answer is not to go to the light, in order to don't remain trapped in this fucking piece of shit matrix. I am a rebel by nature lol I stopped working, quit school, because fuck being normal. This is when I found out I was glitching the matrix, and the only way out is death. Sometimes I wish I never opened my third eye. 

I also prepared my family to don't miss me, stopped talking to almost everyone, and barely see them. So is good, at least they wont remember me. Anyway, I am happy I finally get to exit, and see you on the other side. Peace &lt;3 Also remember that Society will never be fixed without the power of love and compassion which this fucking world lacks off. that's the only advice I will give you.