I feel like I will kill myself even though I kind of don't want it right now.Yep, it's confusing, I know. 

Throughout my life a lot of things went wrong. 
A bit longer than a year ago everything just became way too much and I decided to end my life. Well,  obviously I'm still alive. I got therapy and even managed to find a  friend (read: an amazing person found me and for some reason decided that we're friends now). I was grateful for not being dead. But now everything is really going down again mainly because of social distancing aka isolation.

 It's so weird because a year ago I was somewhat even more isolated than I am now. Back then I was able to not say a word all day and nobody noticed even though there were so many people around. I was kind of glad that it was like this because it meant nobody would miss me. But now I still communicate with people, just a bit less than a few months ago, and it really hurts that we can't spend time together like we used to. 

I never really had social contact but never felt like I really missed it too much until I noticed how much better life is with a friend. And now that we're not able to see each other that much suddenly can't deal with being alone even though I dealt with it just fine for many years. I never missed it until I had it and then lost it again. 

I honestly don't believe I will be able to make it through this  isolation. I am not actually making any plans at the moment, but last year I came up with a plan that I still remember very clearly. I know that once I finally make the decision to end my life I will be able to gather all I need, write my last letters and end everything in less than two days. I live alone, nobody would notice in time. I know that if I decide to kill myself I will die. 

But at the same time I really don't want to kill myself. For a few months my life wasn't only bearable, it was actually good. I still hope that it might go back to that one day after all of this and I really wish I could hang around and still be there when it happens. But this is probably going to take a year or more, and I honestly don't think I can do it that long. I know I'm not strong enough.

I know my friend would/will be upset. I also feel guilty about my therapist. She always truly trusted me when I said I wasn't going to kill myself until we meet again. Even though she's pregnant and went on maternity leave last week so she's technically not my therapist anymore I feel like suicide would equal betraying her trust. She made sure I'll see another therapist  and also made me promise I will not kill myself until then. And I won't, I'm not that suicidal yet because my therapist was great. But about the new one,  well, I will meet with her on Thursday and  I'm scared. People scare me. It takes a lot of time until I trust someone. 

I know the new therapist would make sure I won't kill myself if I mentioned anything that makes her think I might do it anytime soon. Which is her job, I know, but I really don't want that. I don't want to die but I want to be able to kill myself whenever I want to, if that makes any sense.

It just feels so bizarre and surreal. I don't want to kill myself, but I am absolutely sure that I will. Not today, not tomorrow, not this week because I owe it to my therapist and I want her to be the one person I didn't fail. But who knows what it's going to be like in a month or two? 

I feel like I don't even have a choice, like I don't even get a say in this matter. It's like killing myself is inevitable, my fate or whatever.