i hate me enough for wishing deathSure...im pretty on the outside...im always being commented on my eyes...the Rosiness of my cheeks, lips, my curves, even my eyebrows...and im always being told im such a nice person, with a big heart, always make people smile....But why do i feel so fucking ugly....why is it that with all these people.....all my family i have to constantly look in the mirror....fix my hair...straighten it, put on a fake face of black eyeliner so my eyes look more sharp and pretty and pale makeup so my skin looks more fair to hide the uneven complexion of my skin...why is it that i always have to reveal what "Gods given me" with low cut tops...why..just so i can get that attention to make me feel beautiful....just so i can feel as beautiful as they all say...because i most certainly dont feel it. Am i so shallow have i have to go through all these things just to hide the fact i DONT think im beautiful. Well im not if i think that way...that cant be beauty. Confidence is beauty and thats something i dont have....all i have is envy. And hatred to my sick thoughts. Sometimes i think im depressed...when the panic attacks hit there isnt anyone here to calm me down...in a way im glad there isnt...if no one is here to calm me i'll fall asleep crying and of exhaustion...and hopefully never wake the fuck up. Sometimes i take something sharp...and hold it to my skin...but i cant fucking do it...i cant make my self look as ugly as i feel...itll break some peoples hearts if i get back into that. One time i was doing dishes...and i was washing a steak knife...and i took the damn thing and held it to my throat...but i couldn't do it...instead i threw it across the room and screamed. All the thoughts of how much i hate my life poured into my head...i hate my life at home....over controlling parents, a mother who thinks the way he daughter feels is a joke, a father who i hardly see, breaks promises and makes his daughter cry. I work a lame ass part time job i loath, I have no friends and i have a sorry ass excuse for a social life. Im over weight for my height but im to self conscious to do shit, I cant spell, i have no academic knowledge in school which makes me feel like a dumb ass, im going NO WHERE with my life, BARELY graduated, dont have the support from family because they think its ok to rob their daughter on a part time job, Im told my interests are idiotic and pointless, Had my heart broken by the same guy four times because im a naive little bitch with her tale between her legs. All throughout elementary i was bullied where i would start to cut myself at nine (im 18) i was punched, called every name in the book...even in high school it was hell...i was always betrayed by people who i thought were friends...again...called names...cried...cut...Guidance was shit...they would only make me feel worse..my mom put me into therapy at 15...therapist did shit haha. I did a bit of drugs...that stopped rather quickly honestly...the rush...scared me. Almost got raped.... I get off at pain which is sick, i love inflicting and receiving it. I mean...sure ill admit....probably to half of you this is nothing....alot of you go through way worse...But depression comes in many forms for many people....Maybe i just cant handle the simple pressures in life. ..so... WHY SHOULDN'T I DIE! I obviously hate everything right? so why not end it... But you know...i have to many people i care about to leave just because i think so low of myself i deserve to die. I have a Nephew on the way....mothered by my darling sister...and what will he think when he asks his mummy why his aunt died?...i also have a new boyfriend who thinks im just perfect........and he treats me so well so why do i feel like this...with all the respect hes put me through how could that possibly look...if i die it would only make him think that i never once accepted his help...it would make him feel unimportant?...I love him...but death is on my mind so often...im just to frightened of death even though my tears wish it....i crave life...i crave being apart of it more then i am...but living a lie with most of my happiness, the falseness of my looks for attraction, acceptance....why do i put up with my life at home if i hate it so much....because i have no where else to go? So thats where the thought of death comes in....But...you all think im silly....you all think i really dont feel this way....and that MY emotions are nothing...you all tell me to suck it up why? Am i not depressed because i dont have noticeable scars on my flesh...because i dont express more then tears....WHY am i not depressed! Why do you all assume my feelings are a faze....why do you all look at me after confrontation with eyes of disbelief. Disbelief of "Yeah rights and suck it ups". FUCK YOU ALL THEN! watch my laughter and smiles, ill put you all on a show...ill show you my beautiful eyes and ill show off my curves...i fucking hate it...but ill do it...ill go home and be with myself...ill go home and sit im my room some more...and lie to you all some more about how great my day was...ill tell you lies about how i went out and enjoyed the mall when really ide be in my room picking at my brain untill its raw...ill lie to you and say nothing wrong.