ready to take all my meds at once.hey. i posted here about two weeks ago... things still aren't better. don't think they will ever be better. i'm sick of trying to live, anyway.

been suicidal for months now. i've had a particularly horrible day today. my dad's dog bit me hard enough to draw blood (she had gotten outside without her leash and i forgot she really hates to be touched around her neck for some reason, i tried to grab her collar so she couldn't get away and she freaked out and scratched me up and bit down on my fingers), and i guess that's kind of what's tipped me over tonight. sounds silly, i know. but i don't think she's fully vaccinated against rabies and i wouldn't even be able to get treated in case she has it and transferred it to me because i have no health insurance/no transportation. and i would feel horrible if she ended up being euthanized because i went to get treatment for a bite and the doctor or whoever reported it. so basically i get to sit around and wait and see if i end up getting a disease that is almost 100% a death sentence.

even if that doesn't happen, it doesn't really matter. i'll probably still kill myself anyway. i can't keep living like this anymore, having a meltdown over things that end up not being true almost every single day, living with my abusive father, being practically unable to work and therefore having no way to get myself out of this living situation. 

i've been hospitalized 3 times. i hated it every single time. horrible people who don't understand mental illness and just want to get you medicated so you'll stop acting "crazy", and treat you like you're subhuman in the meantime. being hospitalized is absolutely NOT an option.

i can't risk failing and being put in another psych hospital. i also can't just sit around and wait to die of something else rather than by my own hand. this has to work. i know meds aren't very effective in most cases, but it's the only option i have. i have tons of different meds that i've been on throughout the years. hopefully it'll do the job.

just ready to call it quits. i don't have what it takes to live anymore. death sounds so comforting after everything that i've dealt with.