Update after 7 months - attempt, hospitalization, recovery, repeat, it's all just a cycleAround 7-8 months ago, I made a post on here mentioning that I was terrified of going back to college and being on my own after being in one of the worst mental states I've ever been in. I was cutting, isolating myself, all the cliche symptoms. I thought that if I went back to campus, I would likely finally attempt to commit suicide.

Spoiler alert: I did. I only lasted two weeks into the semester, pretty pathetic right? Anyways, I was hospitalized and it didn't take much to physically recover, it was a poor attempt but an attempt nonetheless. I then stayed in a mental health facility for a week straight and it was genuinely one of the best experiences I've ever had. I was finding comfort in group and the people I was surrounded with, the nurses were so kind and helpful, and I started looking up for once. I actually made progress for the first time in soo long and it felt wonderful, I felt like I was ready to take on the world and change the path I was on.

When I was released, I was still running on that high. The facility had set me up with a therapist in my hometown and I was officially on break for school that semester so I thought this would be the best opportunity for me to continue doing well. 

A couple months passed and when I finally stopped to think about it, I wasn't happy anymore. I honestly don't know what happened. I'm assuming it was a gradual fall back into my old headspace that I wasn't aware of until it hit me all at once, but yet again I was feeling that itch on the back of my neck that I didn't belong here anymore. Once I realized that, it just started all over again. I started cutting my thighs instead (my loved ones found out about my wrists, so I needed a new place that was easily hidden), I'm isolating myself from my friends, and Im now yet again convinced that everyone would be better off if I were dead. 

Does it ever end? I know recovery isn't a straight line to happiness and I was expecting bumps along the way, but I didn't think I'd end up exactly where I started. What was the point?? Did I make my loved ones go through all of that just for it to happen again? Feeling all that hope I felt about being on the right track being ripped away from me is almost worse than how I felt before my attempt. I used everyone else's kindness, resources, and help just for it all to go to waste. I'm so sorry.