I feel trapped...Trapped in life because I (23F) feel like I'm not allowed to die but I can't bare to live anymore. 

A little background for anyone interested in what I'm going through. 
When I was 9 I was diagnosed with a rare blood disorder. So serious that a sneeze could kill me. I gained weight from the steroids and I just wasn't myself but I always came out OK when my levels went back up. 
My parents divorced when I was 12. That's when it all started but unless I've pushed a deep seeded sadness about it I wouldn't say that was the cause. my parents are better as friends. 
When I was 14 I was raped by a 22M. He brought me to a halfway house, snuck me in the back and stole my virginity. When he was done we went out the back and there was a cop in the next parking lot. He told me he would hurt me if I talked to the police so I ran home bloody and didn't tell anyone for years. I caught an incurable STD from him. I've been completely honest with my partners and so far has never been an issue but I'm extremely self conscious and just feel dirty. I know it's not my fault but I wish I ran to that officer and broke down. Instead I kept it in. 

The suicidal thoughts started around then but were made worse when I finally confided in my best friend who said I was lying and turned all my friends at church camp against me. That was rough but I made it. 

I don't remember a day in the last 9 years that I didn't feel sad/depressed/suicidal and I'm exhausted! I don't think I have one more day in me but here lies my problem... I feel trapped! 

I have the greatest family in the whole world. Despite the shitty things in my past, I have a wonderful life and support system. They know what I'm going through, my brothers may not know the extent of it but my sister knows every detail and my parents both have listened to me in length. A big part of me needs to talk about it so I know somebody knows what I'm feeling but I feel like an awful person for putting that on them for the sole reason that... 
1) if I end my life, those people that know will think they didn't do enough and I can't even bear the thought of hurting them like that.
2) If I don't tell them how I'm feeling they'll wish they reached out to me. 

Even thinking of methods to die I go back to not wanting to hurt people even if I don't know them...

-If I shoot myself my boyfriend(25M) will wish he locked his gun up. not to mention leaving that image of me in everyone's mind
-If i crash my car I could potentially hurt someone else 
-If I hung myself the person who found me would be scarred for life
-If I took drugs people would judge me or my family and they would have enough to deal with. 
-If I jumped to my death my family would have to identify a broken mess of a body

I feel utterly trapped to live this life that I'm too sad to live. 
What do I do?

If you've read this far I'm grateful even to just be heard. Please don't  think I'm going to commit suicide today or anything. I couldn't put my family through that.