I have no inherent worth. My life is meaningless and empty and I hate myselfMy life has always been empty. Even when I was just 11, I knew that I did not have the right stuff for this world. I am alone. The more I think about who I am and my life as a whole, the more I want to kill myself. I have no energy left for anything else. No matter what I fucking do I am ashamed of myself either because of how I've gotten to where I am, or because what I'm doing is essentially a waste of time and a drain on resources. I don't plan on helping other people or contributing to society. I don't plan on making a life for myself. I don't plan on making myself better. I am shit. It's all my fucking fault too. I'm pathetic. Just plain pathetic. I will always hate myself. I have absolutely nothing to look forward to except heaven. That's my one saving grace. Maybe if I die, I'll get to go to heaven and the fact that I never forgot about my relationship with Christ will finally pay off. I used to think that non-existence would be better than heaven, but maybe when I come home it won't matter what I think and feel about myself anymore. This is the only way I can accept being alive, living with myself and my past and who I am. This world...this world is pain. It's all my fault. I didn't know what this feeling was when I was 11 because I was (and continue to be) emotionally blunted and calloused. I learned from an early age that I am never who I think I am to other people. I was never the person I desperately wanted to be. I am forever detached from my self. I will only ever acknowledge how deep in a whole I am until I get another fucking emotional epiphany like I am now, where I really look at my life and who I am and find I'm utterly disgusted and dissapointed with who I am still. I hate myself, and I will have to dissociate if I am to go on like this, until again, the next epiphany comes and I realize I am utterly ashamed to be me. I am ashamed to hear my name spoken. It's always just another fucking reminder that this is me. This pathetic man is me. I'm not allowed to be anyone else. I have to live with my utter failure at life itself. Fuck I'm crying now. I am beyond saving in any Earthly way. I give up on myself. Soon my body might give up on me too, regardless of what I do. I will never feel anything about myself that doesn't involve guilt or shame.  