My suicide attemptI am only writng here so I can share my story with all of you, and to hopefully help me find solutions to my problems if any one of you have felt or feel the same.

I am a 19 year old male, a student and living at my parrents. I have a pretty bad lack of social skills and don’t have any people (family or friends) properly close to me, asking me how I’m feeling.

I am doing terribly bad at school. I simply don’t have enough excess to make my essays and homework properly. Besides, I have such little excess that I don’t eat enough and healthy enough. The rest of my family have all seen big succes with their lives, but I know that if would keep going like this, I would dissapoint everyone, espesially my dad. I have therefore always lied about how school is going for me.

So as shitty as my life goes, I decided to do it. I had found some thick and sturdy electrical wires in our garage, aswell as a fold-up chair. I sneaked out in the middle of the night with the items, found a tree and set my hanging up.

It took roughly 3 hours for me to set it up, as the cable was insanely hard to fold in the right way. I was finally ready, flipped the chair, jumped, and the branch broke...

I did it again, leaped, and my panic made my toes just barely reach the ground, making me jump and breathe...

I tried one last time, used my shoe as a wiper on the dirt, and made sure i wouldn’t be able to reach the ground. I jumped, and the panic in me somehow made me able to reach the wire with my hands, and pull me up.

So I set it up again, thinking to myself “last try”. But I just couldn’t make myself do it. I stood for half an hour, contemplsting like I’ve never done before, and deciding I was too weak for the pain the hanging would give me.

So here I am, laying in my bed. The year’s first school day starts in a couple of hours. No one knows anything about my attempt, and all I’m doing is searching about it all. Stories of people who made it through their suicidal thoughts, aswell as sites that state other methods of comitting it, while my adrenaline is keeping me awoke.