My sex/dating life is going to kill meI tend to be verbose so this is going to be a little long. Thanks in advance for reading. It means so much to me.

Without going into too much detail I (26M) have always had issues with girls (sex and dating). Trouble meeting people, connecting, getting laid, etc.

It's been destroying my mental health for about 8 years. Drives me to suicidal thoughts. I had my worst mental breakdown I've ever had because of this a few weeks ago.

I just don't understand why I'm having these problems. I'm a decent looking dude (an overcritical 6.5-7/10), I have good social skills, I'm smart, funny, driven, have a good job, hobbies, a dog, friends, etc. But I just can't figure the dating thing out as a whole.

I've hooked up with girls. Had connections with a couple. Had a girlfriend for a year, and another girl who we were as close to dating without the labels. So I know what I'm hoping for is possible.

I haven't had sex in a little over a year, and the last time was with my ex. I've had sex with only one other since I've broke up with her nearly 2 1/2 years ago (not for a lack of trying). I've only been on about 5 dates in that time. No second dates. Tons of ghosting, rejection, etc. I think I could put up with it if I was having some success so it wasn't so constant.

I'm not here looking for therapy. I'm taking care of that on my own and have been for a while. I've tried working on my "game," and done a lot of growth and self evaluation. Worked on my physical and mental health and confidence and focused on my personal development. I've done work in all areas of my life and I haven't had much change in my luck/success/whatever here and it fucks me up.

It's driving me crazy since I know I have a lot to offer a partner yet I can't understand why it seems like no one wants me. I approach people in public WHEREVER, I go to places to do things I like doing to be around like-minded people, I use the dating and hookup apps with little success. I'm not looking for a 10, "Mrs. Right," etc. but some action or a little connection with someone would be great

I need help people