Hope this helps.. 
At the age of 4-5 my parents split up because my dad was an alcoholic/drug user. My mom remarried when I was 7-8. By that time my dad was clean and going to AA meetings. At 10 my mom died in a fire that I witnessed along with my 2 sisters and step father. While all of this was going on I was struggling with depression and ADHD(or so they thought at the time) that only my mom seemed to believe I had. She moved me from one school to another because of it. 

The years after my mom died I was anti social, I would do things like steal/yell/lie to my dad for no reason. I gained a ton of weight.. I had no friends from 3rd-6th/7th grade. I attempted suicide twice between that time(both pretty petty attempts that got me no where(not even the hospital). My dad sent me to therapy many times, and it never really seemed to click with me. 

In 8th/9th grade I started becoming more social..made a few friends but none of them really stuck through highschool. I learned to keep my depression hidden. I continued to harm myself and lie to my dad. High school was pretty horrid for me, I switched schools Junior year when my dad remarried(went back to my old school). The only thing that really kept me sane was this weird youth group/teen group thing i went too every Monday. 

In my senior year I met some pretty awesome people(its weird but they were all from my old school) We started hanging out and got really close, we went on trips together, hung out everyday. I hid my depression/past from them mostly because I didn't want them to think I was pathetic. After I graduated I went of to school along with my friends(we all went to separate schools). 

I should add that at this point my parents and I had become pretty horrible to each other, I hated talking to them about anything and I felt like we were so fake to each other. I didn't get along with my sisters at all.

My first year of college was rough, my parents threatened me that they would take my car away(they paid the insurance) if I didn't keep my grades up(which I didn't).. I didn't ever want to do anything(Even though I met some pretty awesome people), I kept myself in my room(which was a single). My neighbors were always really loud and obnoxious and it was constantly pissing me off. No one would do anything about it and when they did my neighbors would retaliate in pretty bad ways. My thanksgiving break I got surgery on my knees.. and my dad didn't even bother to visit me at the hospital which pissed me off. My friends had to take care of me.. 

Christmas break things were so stretched with my parents I pretty much spent all break at friends houses(by this time I had told my best friend how horrible things were and she was fine with me crashing on her couch)..

Few days after I had gotten back to school my dad called and told me I wasn't allowed to stay at their house for Spring break. At this time I had started a weird but soothing online relationship with this guy who was kind of abusive(verbally) towards me. 

Spring break I took some money out of a bank account my grandma(who had died) set up for me and visited him In NYC..after break I had thought about going down to NYC to live with him for the summer but my dad did not agree with this (and for some reason I listened to him)..

2 weeks after break I locked myself in my dorm room(I twas thursday we had friday off), my friends had gone to a retreat..and I started to cut my wrists badly. I barely remember the 3 days I was in there. I wrote a huge suicide note about how people needed to stop being horrible to others, and things like that. and I just kept telling myself they would be better off without me, and that I would be with my mom. 

the 3rd day of being locked in my room, I started to snap out of it, and that night I called my dad telling him I needed to go to the ER. He was horrified. The next day he came to visit, along with my younger sister, and my older sister drove up from downstate(they both insisted on coming even if they weren't allowed to see me).. My dad explained to me a lot about what had gone on with him when he was struggling with his alcoholism and what it was like for him. we both made a pact to make things better for my life. My sisters and I cried together, and I told them about how I hated how distant we were from each other. 

I was told I had to go to a mental facility for however long i needed to get better. I agreed with them, and they brought me. the first few days were a blur, I spent them in bed crying, only waking up for (Some) meals, my meds, and when I had to visit with the doctor. The nurses/staff pushed me every day/several times a day to go to group. I was on suicide watch so someone was constantly in my room with me at all times, I wasn't even allowed to shower by myself.. 

A few days after I had been there, one of the group leaders forced me to come to group, she woke me up, left, came back 5 minutes later woke me up again.. and told me to come. So I went, I didn't talk but I listened.. and then I went to the next group and so on. I didn't want to be there, I stayed silent throughout each group. A few days later a big chunk of the patients had left, and it was me and about 6 other people. I started to talk more in group, and I met a lady who was about 10 years older then me (I'm 20 now).. She came in with scars on her wrists, not as bad as mine but she wasn't afraid to show them(i always wore long sleeve shirts). She pushed me to open up more, and so I did. Which led me to become friends with a guy about my age there, and we all started playing card games in our free time and I started to smile again. 

Most hospitals have certain times during the day the Patient phones are open, and you can make calls and people can call you. Every day my dad called me, he would stop meetings, dinner where ever he was, hi would make sure to call me twice a day. He would make sure to tell me more ways to learn from my experience at the hospital.. 

By the end of the first week the doctor had diagnosed me with Bipolar Disorder, and told me that what I experienced the three days in my room was a "manic episode", basically my mind shut down of any reasonable thoughts and I went crazy. 

I spent 2 weeks in that hospital, including my 20th birthday, in which I had only heard from my dad and sisters.


My school was afraid of letting me back in for the rest of the semester because of what had happened(insurance issues and such), but my dad talked to some of the head staff(one who was a younger woman only a few years older then me who has suffered a mild case of bipolar disorder) and they finally let me back within limits, I had to check in with some one on the list of people they had given me, I had to continue taking my meds, I had to go to all my classes, I had to continue with therapy.. those kinds of things. All of which I agreed with.

My first day back I was terrified that someone would see my scars and ask me about them, or that people had somehow figured out that I had tried to kill myself(which actually they had). My dad was 6 hours away so he couldn't pick me up from the hospital but someone from the school did, and they required that I meet with the school therapist along with a few other staff members before I could be brought back to my room. 

When I got into my room, it was torn to shreds, the school had cleaned up the blood, but they had also gone through all my stuff and taken out anything that I could harm myself with.. My dad and sisters had done all my laundry(and put it away for me, and bought me a few things I might need).. But it was so overwhelming that I sat there for about 20 minutes just afraid of everything. I finally remembered what I had learned, to not bottle things up, and to do something about my pain. So I called my dad, bawling my eyes out I told him about how scared I was.. He told me that It was normal to be, and that Its was going to take time to figure everything out. Finally he got me to calm down and clean up my room and get ready to go back to classes within the next few days.

My next steps were to meet up with my friends at school and explain to them why I was gone(they knew I was in the hospital but they didn't know why(or they had heard rumors but didn't know the truth).. I told them, and they mostly understood.. one of them started to ignore me, which was rough for me, but I dealt with it, remembering that If she wanted to be a jerk about it that she wasn't worth my time(and everyone else agreed).. 

Next was telling my best friends. My closest(the one i stayed with over christmas break) knew I was in the hospital and I had somewhat told her what had happened.. I told the rest of them, and they all decided that for their long weekend they would drive the 6 hours from our hometown to come visit me. We went out to eat, and watched a movie, played some board games.. I fell asleep(after taking my sleeping meds) at about 9:00(they had gotten there at about 3)..the next morning we went to breakfast and they left. So overall they spent about 12 hours with me.. But it was probably one of my most memorable experiences with them. I learned then that they were really my friends and that I could count on them. 


All in all, my life is pretty insane. But things get rough, and you deal with them. I learned the hard way that taking your life is the wrong way to deal with it. My family and friends are what push me along everyday. I deal with suicidal thoughts every once in a while, but I remember its just a sign of my disorder and that I can make it through them. There are billions of people out there, and you don't have to be friends with all of them. But there is someone out there for you to talk to. 

(sorry for grammar/spelling)