Economically, killing myself is the right thing to do.After committing my most recent suicide attempt, which is actually a parasuicide, I've realized that I am most likely going to kill myself in the near future. I've written a few suicide notes in the past. All of them are shit. All of them seem to center around some bad experience with my father, when they really should be based on a lifetime of being my father's puppet. A plaything for his sadistic impulses. 

I will never gain closure by being told an honest answer as to why my father has and continues to treat me this way. It's not some specific event, like being rejected from Stanford like he used to claim, but seems to continue regardless of my success and failures. And even if killing myself shocks him enough to explain his behavior, I won't be around to see it, will I?

I give up. For one of the first times in my life, I quit. I'm tired. I'm bored. No matter what meds I'm on, a 1 minute conversation with my father can shatter my world enough to force me to curl up like a little bitch on my air bed and cry my eyes out. I am his bitch. 

At first, I wondered why he had spent a relatively large amount of money on someone he treats like shit. Then I realized that he wants to torture me with my aspirations and dreams. He wants me to fail and blame it on myself, when he had created these situations for me in the first place. It's painful, and will probably continue for decades. 

Thinking rationally, on the off-chance that I do succeed financially and recover mentally, I will only be happy for a relatively small amount of time. My college experience is ruined, not that I mind. My 20s and 30s would probably be spent in denial desperate for nouveau riche wealth. And in my 40s I'll be too old to attain the young girls I would have my heart broken by. I'll end up porking some trophy-wife reject cougar. And of course, this is assuming I succeed. 

Unfortunately, my father has me by the balls financially. I'm too terrified of telling him to fuck off and doing it on my own. It seems easier to put up with being his bitch.
Given the pain needed to attain this success, it's just not worth it. It makes sense from an economical standpoint to cut my losses (see what I did there?) and let my life go.

When I was younger, I often thought that my life repeated itself. I realized that I had felt all there is to feel, at least in my life, and that these feelings will merely repeat themselves. Heartache, mania, desperation, hopelessness. All truckloads of neurological chemicals waiting to be tipped onto my grey matter by situational unrest. I've realized that my view of the world and myself is entirely relative. Fat people can be just as happy as skinny people. There's really no point in listing my situation and trying to gauge my pain objectively, but it's my fucking suicide note so let's have a bit of fun.

1) I am not a very beautiful man. About an 8, assuming I maximize my appearance. 	More realistically a 6.5. I have a massive overbite and upper snaggletooth because Daddy 	lied to me about getting me braces. I have acne, and can't afford a mani/pedi anymore.

2) I am a pathological liar. I never made any money on the App Store. I never even 	finished my app. I have a fake LV wallet that's falling apart, I went broke buying my 16 	GB iPhone 4, and never drove an M3 or Gallardo. I don't even have enough clothes to 	wear.

3) I am weak, cry a lot, and hate myself. I fall for women hard, and become an obsessive 	stalker. Oh, I also have a small penis. 

Despite the above personal failures, I am still incredibly vain. I'm stuck in the denial stage where I think a girl would like me for who I am as long as I lie enough. And still like me after I take my sunglasses off. And maybe my shirt.

I am weak and too tired to finish this. Tomorrow is a new day. Let's get a decent note first.
