What's the point?I'm beyond the point of sadness. At this point in my life, as a 20 year old, I just do not see the point to continue living. I haven't gone to college yet, because I have dreams (more like distractions to keep me from suicide) that don't require college. Yet, taking this path in life makes me feel like scum. And on the other hand, if don't become successful in the path I'm taking, I'll end up working until I die in a career I despise. And once I'm set in that position, I will not hesitate to kill myself. 

Again, I'm not even really sad at the moment. just taking a look at life objectively.

Because of my upbringing, I've been conditioned to not trust people. Thus making any attempts at finding friends a damn near impossible task. Plus, it is my belief that friends will only fuck you over in the end. There's this stupid saying that is credited to Bob Marley that's something along the lines of "Everyone will hurt you, but you have to find the ones worth hurting for." which is the biggest piece of bullshit I've ever heard. I refuse to willingly befriend anyone knowing they're going to hurt me and that it's "all just part of the process bro."

As you can imagine, I'm stuck in the house most of the day (quit my job recently) playing video games or working on my hobbies. I have a lot a free time. probably more than I should have. but I find myself thinking about suicide a lot. Simply because there's no real point to living. People talk about finding beauty in the struggle but, I feel it's just romanticized. Why are they proud they struggled? it's idiotic to me. Me...I don't understand it. I don't want to struggle to "make it". I'd rather be done with life right now. not waiting until I'm 80 and decripit.

I'm sure nobody gives that much of a fuck to actually read this but I don't want help. I already know I'm going to kill myself eventually. Life is just incredibly....boring. It's like playing a video game, and you're told to make your own story. yes some people can distract themselves with the endless possibilities, but....I am the one to sit and think.....but why? Why am I here? Why am I born then forced to work away my life and be grateful for the opportunity to do so? 

Thank you to everyone who took the time out of their day to read this idiotic tantrum.