I want to dieMy partner is always rude and angry just about everything. And says "it's just a way that am don't be so touchy". Can angrily argue with me up to my escape from home. Then finds me hours later and behaves kindly but the next day upset as always and I'm the one who is to blame. I just want my partner to be kind, and not explode over my normal words. Blames me always. I'm not tolerant enough about his aggressiveness. I must stay calm and not to cry when my partner saysrude words to me. Pushes me upto a mental breakdown and then blames more and says I have to apologize for making him angry. Why he can't just hug me and say "it's ok. I love you". Why it's so hard. It continues almost two years. I love him so much. I care about him, I want to spend time with him. I don't see him while he is at work and on his days off he says "don't bother me, I want to rest sitting by computer and surfing things". And anything I say thatcan be comprehended as invite to some kind of activity outside of usual websurfing explodes him into fight. I always alone even when he is at home. He starts fighting when I want to spend time together. I say "do you need me at all?? Do you love me???" And he r sponds "I do,, just don't bother me on my days off". But then wh n I can be with him??? I'm like a housemaid. And he is agressive. He comes to make peace only when I have set for several hours out on the bench on the street. Why it's so hard to hug and kiss when you see your wife is shattered?? I just want him to care. It never happens. I don't see a life without him I love him so much. I just to die. Die loving him, die before we spread up. Its so hard to cut yourself, your skin is so elastic when the kitchen knife is not sharp enough. I'm making marks but can't cut through. Sorry to bother you. I don't know why I decided to write here. I'm so sorry. I thought when you love someone and is kind to someone he is kind to you in return evenly. Especially when he's saying he loves you. Guess I don't understand life. I want to die.