My ego is destroying me.I can feel it in my chest. Its a constant aching that spreads towards my shoulder blades finishing deep in my throat, constricting my voice and causing me pain.

I 100% believe that I have ruined my life and will never get over the cowardly act I have committed towards myself.

In September last year I moved towards a new city. After years of no work, living at my parents and contemplating suicide daily, I gathered my strength, spent 3 months at the gym and move forward towards my dream of a better life.

From the moment I stepped of the plane and right up until I left, the momentum I created was spiritually powerful and a freedom I had never thought possible. I moved around 4 different hostels, sleeping in 4-6 bedroom dorms while I tried to find my feet. I went on job trials, never letting each rejection to deter me from me goal. My goal has been the same for over 10 years, financial security and independence. 

I found my first house via a website and soon found work afterwards. The following months were filled with comfort, silence, major de ja vu, HARD WORK and fun. 

After some personal conflicts with a new housemate I was asked to find somewhere else to live. I was also having personal trouble at work. So I moved back into a hostel for 6 weeks and applied for more work, then found an apartment, signed the lease and moved in, I had lined up another job interview with a great company.

That was one month ago. One week after I moved into the apartment, I packed my bags, booked a flight to my home country and have spent the past 4 weeks sleeping on the floor of my aunties house, broke and wondering what the fuck happened. The lease has been taken over, keys sent back and EVERY OPPORTUNITY OFFERED TO ME GONE.

I feel sick. The coincidence’s I experienced and spiritual growth I gained during the past 6 months living in the city has led me to believe that was it. The stars were aligned, my time had come and that was my one shot at an unrealized dream. A dream to live in an apartment, work in a job I loved and a city I adored. I ran away, I packed my bags and ran away, I literally watched myself systematically destroy everything I had worked hard to get and let go of everything I have ever wanted. 

I wake in the night in cold sweats, I no longer have visions of opportunity and love. In the past, no matter how low or depressed I felt, something always told me I would find my way. In this city, I found it and then let it go just before I was about to step into a bright and promising future.

The existential regret is huge and I am 100% convinced that was it and my chance for personal and professional success, now gone. 

I feel it moving into my throat, this constant grip of anxious hate. In the past, my depression was all in my head; it was all physiological and self-indulgent sadness, never physical and never felt this real.

My body won’t let me forget.  
