Can't do this any longer.I've just turned 28, I'm married and I have a daughter. Those two last points aside, I have nothing. My life is an empty shell where I'm going in circles and can't find any end. Let me tell you about my day, which is like any other - nothing ever changes.

I get up at 6AM, my phone alarm will go off by then, I take my time to get up and after getting dressed, maybe eating (depends on if I feel like it or not), I go to drop my daughter off at pre-school. So far, so good, I suppose. Then, when I get home, I sit down at my computer and I remain there until the clock strikes 2.45PM, then I'll go to pick up my daughter. When I get home, I get back at my computer while my daughter plays around or is watching the TV. My wife gets home, we talk for some minutes about her day, then back to the computer. Until it's time to go to bed (my wife mostly puts our daughter to bed).

It's been like this for the last four years, before that we didn't have our daughter. I've been with my wife for six years, it's been like this all this time. It's been like this since I dropped out of high school for about 10 (TEN!!!) years. I used to love sitting in front of my computer, playing every game I could get my hands on, I rarely play anything anymore. Besides that, I don't have any talents, I have no education, I have no work experience (besides one job five years ago, which I held for about five months). I'm trying to study but there's no motivation and I feel like I'm not smart enough to complete the courses either. Because of all this I can't get a job and the vicious cycle begins once again, every single day.

And because of the lack of job, I don't have any money, which puts all the pressure on my wife, and that makes me feel unnecessary (in lack of a better word) as well.

Also, I'm diabetic and I hate to take my f*cking insulin via the so called pen. Why? I'm afraid of syringes. I faint when I'm supposed to take blood tests at the doctor's office.

My wife, she's the best "thing" (not trying to objectify women) that has happened to me, as well as our daughter. I love them both to death (no pun intended), but I just don't know how much longer I can take all of this.

Thanks for my time, I just wanted to write all of this... somewhere. It's mostly rambling, but hey, it's something... I guess. I don't know if this'll be removed or not, but I got it out for now at least.