My brother's autopsy results just came back. He clearly chose to end it, and I am having trouble coping.Fair warning, I've been drinking. This might not be coherent. I just have to get it out.

In November of last year (2014), my brother called me to confide something in me. That was the beginning of the end of my relationship with my best friend, my confidant, my partner in countless adventures; my big brother.

My brother spent several years as a guest of various state institutions (JCCC - "The Walls", aka "the bloodiest 47 acres in the United States", for example). In prison, he had received several devastating physical blows which ruined his dental landscape. Pain was the first thing with which he greeted most days. Then he'd slam enough alcohol down over his teeth to make them subside, and go along with what he needed to do.

Some of my (very well meaning) brothers had decided to put together funding to remove all of his diseased &amp; painful teeth, and get him squared away with dentures. For various reasons (human interest, employment possibilities, whatever). I was among this group. And this is why he called me. Because he felt he didn't deserve it.

You see, my brother was a "complicated" man. He was a husband, and a father of 2; a beautiful daughter and blessed son. But he had a checkered past (to say the least); multiple felony convictions (mostly larceny), but with a long and storied and violent history that was mostly unprosecuted. So he couldn't work, leaving his wife (and, ultimately, his daughter's autism disability check) to pay the bills. This left him feeling absolutely worthless. As he said in one email, "I'm 34, dirt-floor poor, and with and nothing on the horizon to change that, and in those thirty four years all I've done is make one bad decision after another and now it's costing me my teeth. I have no sense of self or identity." This gesture that was intended to make things better, was actually making things worse; because he couldn't see why he was worth it. Ultimately, he confided in me that he had been thinking of ending it all.

So, I flew back to where he was. I spent a week with him. I tried my best to explain to him that life was worth living, that we all loved him, and that he had plenty of reasons to keep on going.  But it was hard. His marriage was falling apart, he was on an entire pharmacy that turned him into a complete zombie (the man took 3-4+ minutes to buckle a seatbelt), and he was absolutely convinced he could not turn things around. I did my best; I told him about how to make small changes (not big ones), I avoided blaming him (or anyone else), and insisted we just focus on the issues. I gave him a suicide hotline # and made him swear he'd call it.

I couldn't stay there forever. I had to go back home, to my own wife, my own kids, my work. So the day that I had to fly back, I talked to him about "right effort" - a Buddhism concept that I hoped he could latch onto, given his love of eastern philosophy. And I left him there. In that horrible psychological place, in that physical space he had always been, with no additional support network.

A lot happened in the intervening time. He was arrested or domestic abused against his wife (something that came out during my initial visit). He tried to detox away from alcohol, completely solo, in a house with bad lighting, insufficient heating, and constant reminders of his now-absent family (who, it just so happens, I was directly responsible for helping to move away during the few days he was in slam). He had plenty going on.

During this time he started calling around to friends &amp; relatives to apologize for slights and misdeeds - things that happened so long ago most of us had forgotten about them. But he had been carrying them around this whole time, and he wanted - no, he *needed* - our absolution in regards to them. 

As soon as I heard him apologizing, I knew exactly what he was doing: he was tying up loose ends, getting ready to go. I pondered sending someone to fetch him and institutionalize him. But this was a famously violent individual (when provoked). Ultimately, I - and a few others involved at the time - decided it was best to not tell anyone, and keep the (potential) bodycount lower. So we kept our mouths shut.

He did, at least, go and get his teeth pulled. It was a monumental achievement for him. he trusted a stranger to go inside his head, put him under anesthesia, and remove those broken &amp; diseased teeth. He came out of it feeling "like the tiger that had the thorn pulled from its paw". He said he would "make us proud" (though I insisted I was already beyond proud of him). My dad tells a story where he walked up the driveway to see my brother - who, up til this time, had an irrational fear of the sun - standing on the porch, greeting the morning sun with a huge grin on his face, basking in the early morning rays of sunshine.

Then in February of 2015, I got that call I knew was coming: my big brother was dead. I had expected it. I had anticipated it. I had planned for it. I had steeled myself. And nothing helped. It was like the wallpaper being ripped away from a shoddy hall closet; there was nothing left of me once that message was done tearing through me. I flew back there. I buried him. I eulogized him. I comforted his widow. Because of how similar he and I look, while I was there his children called me "Daddy", and it absolutely destroyed me.

Now it's June 2015. We finally have the autopsy results back. The summary? A killer cocktail of alcohol, pain killers and psychotherapy medications. Exactly the kind he had threatened to mix when I had been speaking to him in January and February. In just the right proportions that it might be ruled accidental, which will apparently be the final ruling ("death by misadventure", I believe it is called, or accidental overdose). But I know better. He said it too often, and with too much sincerity, for me to believe that it was accidental (he knew the LDL of all his medications). I know that, despite the mountains of positive energy that I (and others) were pouring into him at the time, my brother chose to end his life. None of us could convince him that life was better than death.

There's a thing that happens to you when you realize that you tried very hard to send a simple message to someone - "Don't die" - and you failed in that task. You wonder what's wrong with you, why you couldn't get that across. Just like my brother, you begin to think you're "34, dirt-floor poor, and nothing to change that" in regards to other humans around you. And you wonder if you have any right to give anyone else advice ever again. And that creeps up on you at night, when you're imagining all the horrors of their passing, and all the things you would change. And sometimes, for the right people, it can make you think that it would be better to curl up and lie down with that dear departed relative, and join them in that endless sleep, than it would be to keep going on without them.

I don't really know what I'm looking for here. Not help. Nobody can give that to me but me, that's my own cross to bear. Maybe just to show people what it's like to be on the other side. Or maybe not, because that might be putting a guilt trip on the suicide contemplative, which is verboten. Or maybe just to tell my brother's story, in the hopes that someone will be able to identify with it; and realize that you should reconsider whether or not you try harder to get that person to seek help. Because if you don't, they may decide for you, in a way that you can't change; and in a way that you may not be able to come to forgive yourself for... ever.