I have suicide ideation and I want to enlist.okay. i would post this in r/militiary but...

i'm on ALOT of psych meds. have been hospitalized for a psychotic break. diagnosed borderline personality, psychoaffective disorder, and schitzoaffective.

I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT DEATH (MINE). I'm 41, have a wife, a house, two beautiful children. People like me and I'm successful. But there is a gaping hole in my head that I hide (caused by early-childhood sex abuse involving my sister, perpetratred by my Father and his friends over the course of 4 years or so.)

I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT ENLISTING IN THE MILITIARY. ARMY NAVY MARINES AIR FORCE. I want to kill, and I want to die. Iran, Afganistan or Iraq.

Either tell me: 1. would I be able to enlist or 2. what the fuck do I do with these thoughts????

More background: I live in nyc. I saw the trade center disaster happening. reddit makes me mad with the idealistic stance on the "ground zero mosque". I feel bombarded with stories of my friends sons "going over". Bombarded with thoughts that in 6 years, my oldest son will be of draft age. Bombarded with the news every day. I think i'm cracking up. I'm one of the few gainfully employed in my immediate family and have an incredibly stressfull job with no "downtime". My friends are all friends from work. My life is work work work and i know it's because I helped support my mom when I was 13 cos my dad was a shit. I grew up eating out of the garbage. I halucinate, always have. My mind "locks up" under certain types of pressure. I took the W.A.Y.S. test (is that what it's called) and have a 125 or so IQ but no common sense plus i'm fucking brain damaged because of my dad. I remember the day it happened. I was covered in shit (not my own) in a basement, changed into otjher clothes and had my head smashed by him on the dashboard of his 1971 Dodge and told "a family keeps secrets." I was 4.

My friends, my best friends are all loner workaholics like me. 
tl;dr: i'm in a hell with no doors. i'm suprised when i see my shadow or reflection because i feel "nothing".
