I think my brothers best friends raped me!?Ok so my brother and is best friend greg have been friends since the 3rd grade. we would always go over his house cause he had a pool we didn't. Last year my mum dropped us off and left. my brother left shortly after to go met up with a girl he was secretly dating at the time. So it was just me, greg and his younger brother Jay. Both are older than me, Jay by 1 year, greg by 3 years. so we went for a swim and greg was pushing me in, throwing me putting me on his shoulders and stuff like that. Jau got angry cause we were ignoring him. I got out and changed into dry clothes, when i came out greg was sitting on the couch playing xbox, with just his boxers on. I had grown up with him, he was like a brother to me, so this didn't bother me all too much. I sat next to him and just watched cause i suck at play video games. 

he started moving closer to me, puting his arm around me and playing with my hands, then he moved my hands down to his penis area. Next thing he pulled it out and made my hand touch it, going up and down. he let go of my hand so i was doing it on my own now. my whole body was stiff and shaking. i had no idea what was going on. I stopped after a while and i went to go upstairs to get away from him, but he pulled me down on the couch and started taking off the pants and underwear. he didn't say a word, asking if it was ok, he just did it. but i didn't say anything so maybe its my fault. he then licked me out, when he finished he gave me my pants back and i ran upstairs to the toilet where i threw up. when i came out Jay was standing there, as if he knew. he asked if i want to watch a movie with him so i didn't have to go down stairs again. my brother came back shortly after and our mum picked us up in the afternoon. I never told my brother or my mum, no one. I don't know if this counts as rape or not. but it felt like it, cause i have never done anything like that ever, and i didn't want to. but i didn't say anything, so its my fault, i i spoke up then maybe. but i dont want to do? I thought about killing my self cause of this, but may be im overreacting? 