Nothing about life makes it worth livingBefore we get started I should give you some general info. I am 20 years old, a male, and I attend college at a small university in the town where I grew up. I live at home with my dad and occasionally my brother when he isn't with my mom. I debated posting this here because at the moment I am not seriously considering killing myself, but not a day goes by that I wish someone or something would do it for me, so I guess I belong here. I also feel like it really wouldn't take much bad shit happening to make me go ahead and off myself. I've pretty much fucked up this whole semester at this point and I'd be lucky to pass any of the classes I am currently taking. I want to say the reason for my failure was the Lexapro I was taking which made me not give a shit about anything and made me an emotionless zombie, so thats why I blew off most of my assignments and missed too many classes. Really though I think that is just an excuse to blame my shortcoming on something else. In reality it's my fault because I am just a lazy, worthless failure. My therapist has recommended I speak with my professors about this, but I doubt I will. What am I suppose to say? "Hey, I know I haven't done shit in your class all semester, but it would be really great if I could have special treatment now. I am just too much of a pathetic failure to get by like everyone else."

I hate going to college. In fact the worst thing about failing is knowing it means more time in this hellhole. More time working my ass off doing pointless shit for no reward. I feel trapped, not because I don't have options but because all my options suck and this is the best one. I could quit school and get a job, but then I'd just be stuck in some dead end job that will barely pay me enough to survive, but not enough to really live. I could transfer somewhere else, but what difference would that make? Very little I would think, plus it would cost me a great deal more money and right now the silver lining is that I don't pay for my education, so when I inevitably fail like the failure I am at least I'm not throwing money away, just time. I don't have the luxury of being able to take time off to do any of the fun things that people sometimes do at my age, you know traveling and the like. So forget that. Deciding wether or not to kill myself is really the only option I have.

I don't think my hatred for college would burn quite as bright if there were things about life I actually enjoyed, but I don't. I spend my free time watching reruns of TV shows. I choose to watch things I've seen before because then I don't have to pay attention. Even concentrating on a movie is too much for me. I used to like video games, but they feel more and more like work all the time. I have social anxiety and have totally isolated myself from my peers. In a year and a half of college I haven't managed to make a single friend and I have pretty much given up hope on ever getting to experience a romantic relationship. I used to tell myself it was okay and that it would just happen later, but it won't. I can barely talk to women and I lack any dating experience whatsoever. Besides who would want to be with a lazy, boring, awkward, pathetic, worthless piece of human garbage like me. I'm probably doing women a favor by not trying to talk to them. I am on spring break now and it's shown me how boring my life has become. I just do things to kill time until I am tired enough to sleep, which is my favorite part of the day. The point I am trying to make is that it's not worth it. Why work hard when nothing in life makes me happy to make it all worthwhile?

I guess I should mention the treatment I receive. I take Effexor ER 75mg daily and I attend weekly counseling at my colleges counseling center. Therapy hour is probably the best part of my week, because I get to talk to an actual person who cares about me and knows how to make me feel better. After admitting that I want to die to my therapist, she asked me to get a formal psychological evaluation as she cannot officially diagnose mental illnesses for whatever reason. I said I would definitely consider it depending on the price as I don't have health insurance because health insurance has become totally worthless. She sent me some estimates and they are not too bad, so I'll probably do it after talking about it some more at our next meeting.

That's all I can think of right now. Sorry for taking up your time bitching about my stupid problems when you could have been helping someone with actual reasons for wanting to die. In fact that's one of the reasons I can't kill myself, because I know that my reasons are petty and stupid. If only I had a good reason I could go ahead and off myself, but I don't. That and of course I don't want to hurt my dad and my siblings, but living just to not hurt others is horrible. Thanks in advance for leaving a comment if you do and I'll try and respond in a timely manner.