Just found this reddit. Felt like I needed to tell someone because I can't tell my loved ones.I think today is the day I'm ready to end it.
 Im 22 and I've been struggling with depression for about 8 or 9 years now. I've been Suicidal for about 4. There is a good possibility that its genetic and wont go away. I hear that suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem all the time, but what if the problem is permanent? So I guess this is more of a suicide note than a cry for help. 
I'm not really sure why I am the way I am. I used to be a kid who was known for being sensitive and sweet but after getting relentlessly bullied I became a bit of an asshole. Eventually I didn't really feel anything. I still had emotions but they were almost based on what I thought I should feel like rather than how I did. The only emotions that penetrate are sadness and anger. 
My freshman year of college was when I first started feeling suicidal. I didn't get out much and I just played video games and went to school. I met a girl on minecraft (yes I know hopeless) and I fell for her. She had it a lot worse than me but we found comfort in each other. For a while I felt like it was OK to be broken. Sadly she didn't love me the same way and ended up with a fantastic guy who has also become pretty important to me. I struggled for a while after this and just as i was nearing my 21st birthday I started drinking all the time. I felt alone all the time and my friends who I had been there for all abandoned me. To be fair I wasn't much fun. I had one friend who stuck by me. He even stopped me from killing myself a few times. Once we were coming back from a party I drank too much and he more or less dragged me 2 miles back to a safe place as I kept trying to step into traffic. 
I got a bit better after that. My online friends and those around me were really helpful. I started working again, and filled my life with social projects and work, I ended up only getting 4-5 hours of sleep a night for about 10 months. I know realize I wasn't really better I just never stopped to self analyze.
This august my minecraft friends and I got a cabin and we hung out for a few days. I spent every moment by the girl I had cared so much about and that's when I broke. I think it was the first time I was truly happy. When I got home I spiraled hard. My online friends pressured me into getting help and I did. My medication didn't agree with me and I ended up losing my job because the side effects were ripping me apart. It finally started to balance but frequently messed with me and made it hard to function. I got a new job for a bit but I lost that job a few weeks ago.
Throughout the whole thing my family hasn't seemed to understand. My mom and dad don't seem to give a shit and only focus on how bad I keep fucking up. 
Recently they took away the vehicle I had been using. I feel caged and sufficated.  I keep telling myself that things do get better but now I see that it doesnt. What makes it worse is i am afraid of death. Ive been wanting to give up but ive just been afraid to until today. I don't have a reason I'm this way and there is no fix. 
I know my story is pretty lame but after so many years of feeling like a puzzle with missing pieces I'm just done. I appreciate anyone who read this. I know it was lengthy but it was nice to share - Jiggy