my ex committed suicide last week.i'm really not doing well. there are so many thoughts going through my head constantly, and although i have friends i've been leaning on i'm still scared of the moments i'm alone. being in my car alone with the same fucking sad cd i've been listening to for a week straight is the worst. but it's also the place i feel most comfortable in my grief because it's not being distracted by every day life.

 by the way how the fuck are we supposed to go on with everyday life after something like this happens?? i work facing the public so i have to do the customer service thing every day and i seriously have no clue how to keep doing that in the state i am. i have to ask each person how they are and hope so hard they don't ask me back.

i miss him. i went through all of his things a few days ago to just grab some mementos and fucking cry over the stack of shit that he really did value. he was sentimental, very tied to his past. which was part of the problem. so the things he'd collected throughout his life just sitting there in a neat pile was the most heartbreaking thing. i took his bass guitar (he was a musician) and his computer in hopes of getting his music off of it. the problem is that he wiped his HD a few months ago and had the backup on his phone which he destroyed the night we broke up. so i have to figure out how to do that.

i'm rambling.

sunrises used to creep me out. being awake for the day to start seemed like something tweakers do and it reminded me of that. but now that i can't sleep the sunrise comforts me. i live in the sf bay area so there are some amazing views, and i found one that's perfect and i sit there and watch the twinkling lights melt into the sunshine and i think of him. he would always be up until sunrise and come to bed after i'd been asleep for like 5 hours and wake me up to have out-of-it sex. my sunrises are for him now.

the way we broke up was traumatic. there was a drunken argument that turned into the cops being called and he thought there was a warrant for him so he bounced. he bounced to fucking wyoming in the MIDDLE OF FUCKING NOWHERE with one friend out there who let him stay there for almost 2 months. a few days before Adam killed himself he moved into a new apartment with the help of his friend. i feel so bad for his friend. he found him. that image is something that haunts me even though i haven't seen it. 

fucking fuck, guys. i really fucking can't function. i'm so angry at him for doing this. i'm so sad. i want to feel what he felt when he did it. he was probably wasted drunk and out of his mind. i just feel so fucking bad. like all of this is my fault for him being stranded and alone and fucking dying alone. jesus christ

i'm sorry if this was disturbing. there's so much more i want to say but i just can't sit in this chair right now anymore so

