Is thinking about how you would kill yourself suicidal?Struggled with depression my whole life. I'm in a spot right this second where I'm faced with a lot of things not coming together, potentially disappointing a lot of people, including my kids, and mainly myself. 
I feel like a shallow, pointless, useless thing. I'm not even sad any more, I'm just... empty. 

I don't feel suicidal, but I do think about suicide daily. I think about how easy it would be to turn the car into a bridge divider at 90. How easy it would be to take the entire bottle of sleeping pills. I wonder about how it would feel. If I would be able to actually slit my wrists. If I could bring myself to do it. And there are reasons not to. Too many reasons not to right now, and the hurt I would cause to other people is still a big priority to me... I don't want to hurt these people I love. But I made the mistake of telling my husband that these are things I think about daily, and he's freaking out. 

I feel like there's a distinction between thinking about suicide, and being suicidal. He is not really convinced. I don't have a plan... except for all the ways I think about doing it. But it's not like I've sat down and put it on my calendar. Maybe I'm in denial. Maybe that is suicidal. I don't want to kill myself... I just... don't want to be alive any more. 

The prospect of facing the future is overwhelming, and I don't feel like I can. I worry that at some point, the desire to not hurt the people around me will be overtaken by the desire to not live. He asked me if I would tell him if I got to that point, and I answered him honestly: I don't know. I think if I honestly was at the point of not caring about who I hurt, because my own pain was too much... I probably wouldn't tell him.

And now, by telling him that, I've  inadvertently hurt him, and increased his worry a lot. I wish I hadn't. I'm sorry that I told him... he wants me to be sorry I didn't tell him sooner that I was having these kind of thoughts. But I don't know that I know exactly when they started. Only that I didn't want him to think I was using it as an excuse, or a trump card in an argument, or an attention seeking thing. I don't know. I just didn't want to tell him. 

I don't know why I'm posting this... feedback? I feel like it's too low level to call a hotline for something like this. Like, that's for people with the knife in their hand, or their car on the bridge, not for someone who is just thinking about it, in the same way they think about the grocery list or the chores. 