PointlessThe only thing that i see as worth living for is my family. I don’t see a point in growing up just to struggle to get by and probably end up failing. i’ll never succeed in an office environment. the only field i could be efficient in is music and im not good compared to the tens of thousands of other aspiring musicians. i’ll never be anything and i know that i will broke and struggling to get. 

on top of that, i can’t escape depression and anxiety. i’ve been on 20+ different medicines and been to different therapies and none of them help. depression and anxiety have ruined me. they make me a little shit who doesn’t talk to or interact with their parents or show them any thankfulness. it makes me feel like a complete piece of shit for not treating them well. the only thing i wasn’t right now is to one day be able to support them and help them get by and live comfortable but i’ll never be able to do that. they’ve given their everything to me. they spent a combined $28k for my freshman and sophomore years of *HIGH SCHOOL* and now they’re gonna end up paying $24k more for my next 2 years of high school and then eventually college. killing myself would be even shittier because they love me and care and have spent so much time and effort on me. 

i’ll never be anything and lack so much motivation and i’m such a shitty worker. i’ll never have a good job or have any money. 

life along with the realities of the world aren’t appealing to me. i’m gonna have to deal with depression and anxiety for my whole life and i do not want to live with that. i’m basically numb to emotion and i suck at everything social. i can never express my gratitude for people or things that people do for me. 

if my current friends wouldn’t have ever taken the initiative to reach out to me in the first place, i would’ve never been brave enough to reach out to them. 

life. sucks. 

i find peace in the though of death. i won’t be conscious of my being and i will be at peace. however, the people that care about me, the ones that i don’t show anything in return, they won’t be at peace. 

Edit: oh ya, and i’ll probably never find love. i started my first relationship last december and i ended it three weeks later because i couldn’t get myself to truly enjoy it. i’ll never get the balls to approach anyone and start a relationship 