I can'tI can't do this. I can't feel this anymore. It feels like my body and my brain have been sprinting for weeks and I can't do it anymore

My ex and I broke up after struggling with our relationship for a while. We were still on good terms so it was fine that I still live here while looking for a new place. Part of the problem was me wanting to move to a bigger better place(five people, five cats, and a dog in 900sq ft), but the place is cheap and he was content so he never put in effort to help me find a place even when I told him how unhappy i was living there. I've been dealing with severe anxiety and depression for over 15 years, and being so cramped with so many people was wreaking havoc on my mental state. I couldn't relax. I still can't. 

I never felt comfortable or like I had privacy from anyone else in the house and after my ex was so blatantly dismissive of my desire to change those negative feelings, I didn't feel like i was valued or listened to. For the last year, I've been dealing with a mysterious lack of any appetite that has thrown me under a hundred pounds a couple of times. Doctors can't figure out what's going on. I went to the er two weeks ago for waking up with agonizing pain in my kidneys. A ct scan, bloodwork, and pee tests revealed nothing. 

I was in therapy. Then the office i went to eliminated their outpatient services in January. I was referred to another office but covid-19 happened and my appointments were cancelled. Can I do tele-appointments? No, because i haven't established myself with a therapist. So no more therapy.

Four potential roommates fall through, dozens of ignored inquiries and calls and emails for rooms and apartments, and nothing. Months went by and my mental health continues to rot. I'm vomiting every day from stress. I experience constant gastrointestinal distress and I never feel like I'm getting enough sleep. My head constantly hurts. My thoughts hurt and don't make sense most of the time so I don't want to think anymore.
I quit my job yesterday because my health was seriously impacting my ability to be a good employee and with the recent pandemic, im fearful for my safety being an 'essential employee'. I didn't want to. I love my job. I love my coworkers. I need money to get out but if i vomited in a barrel of product and permanently fuck my chances of being rehired, then it doesn't matter.

I've been calling the suicide hotline every other day, i fear myself even more now. I see that I have no life outside of work and the people I'm with. I wake, and lay in bed and wait for the sun to go down so I can close my eyes again. I don't want this life anymore. I don't want to see it.

I'm so tired. I don't belong anywhere. I never want to wake up again