Azeal's note to infinityI'm trying to help my mom.. she is so hurt inside over the pain I've caused ripping apart this family. She reflects that pain back into me at the slightest change in my movements across life and I have just been hurt so badly by her words I don't know what to do... it just makes my stomach churn not being able to think my way though this. I can't even eat anymore.. I feel weak inside mentally but I can't sleep either.. I just feel stuck in these thoughts I wish I had some clarity but the lord has already tried showing me a path of which I can not find anymore for I have lost my body in this darkness I sincerely wish I could have the light back in this cave I've wondered into with the sleeping bear
I feel like life doesn't end, we pass through infinities every day, giving away each passing moment to change our thoughts and prayers. I feel like when we die death never comes it just approaches closer and closer whilst never reaching us as we are conscious beings. In that sense I sincerely hope and have faith that god is true and will take my soul from my body into his arms without damning me to an internal hell trapped within my own body for these infinities we wade through so care free... I pray I will see light on this path I've made. I welcome death but fear it will never come. Not for thinking I am immortal no , but for thinking of infinity. For something without end would be the scariest thing to me. I'm just here ranting my internal thoughts trying to make connections with beings that may or may not exist. I'm not even sure if I exist. I cast doubt over my own thoughts and influence and am still paying the price for the harm I've brought here to this pure place. I sometimes condone my own existence feeling like I have fucked over everyone who has come across me in life since the day I was brought into it. My memories are faded now and all I can remember are the negative things I've heard from the people I can't forget. I don't know what love is but I hope I can find the empathy again just for a sliver of hope in this strange game we've constructed for ourselves. I feel lost in my own labyrinth and the beast is lurking behind every shadow. It's so hard to stay clean now that I have a grasp on my own construction of reality I want it to fade away again into the nothing so I will feel blissful in my ignorance of all that is to come to me. I'm struggling to gain thought on how to process it all. I doubt I'm making any sense to anyone here. I've been damned and my clarity has been stolen from me again, no, taken, I've been blinded for my punishment and thrown back into the maze without eyes. I need a hand to hold and to guide me back up to the surface... I can't help but to speak in metaphors now... my story is too complex to try to explain otherwise. These metaphors help me get across how I feel but I don't feel like anyone understands them anymore. It's nice to just type away the time here as the morning comes. I wish I could remember my dreams for once maybe then I would learn from these mistakes I've made.