Burned out from life, job, everythingI feel like I'm running a race, but at my wit's end.  I know that quitting the race will really affect my family and friends - I don't want to hurt them or let them down, but I don't know if that's enough to keep me from wanting to quit.  Why should I go on just being a plugged in vegetable?

There is nothing physically wrong with me, which I'm thankful for.  I know there are many others who are not as fortunate.  But I feel my mind is going, and what good is a body without a mind?

Have a job that's sucking the life out of me, where I consistently feel like I'm letting down my boss, so I end up working harder to the point of exhaustion, which is a vicious cycle because that just upsets him further.  Pays well, but the job is meaningless.  Routinely come home and sit in the shower and rock back and forth and think about just quitting it all.  If I quit this job, then it will just be another stressful job and another.  I feel like maybe I'm just not cut out for life in general?

Have had suicidal thoughts off and on for at least 10 years or so.  How can I argue against a line of reasoning I've had for over a decade?  Some days I feel good, but other days and other circumstances make jumping off of somewhere very enticing.

Quit my last stressful job last year and visited another country for a few months, which I really liked.  Wasn't working though, so it's not something that could sustain itself.  I know if I were to stay there longer, I'd have to get a job which will probably lead me to burning out again.  How do you recover from burnout?  I feel like I'm just not cut out for a world that pushes people harder and harder, to the brink of mental exhaustion.

Feel like I should be grateful for my high-paying job, because not everyone is lucky enough to have something like that.  But it's just working for The Man, really.  I feel like throwing it all away would be me throwing away a gift, albeit a gift that drives me crazy.  Maybe I need a career change?

Almost 30 and no family, though I want one but never put the time into it.  Never kissed a girl even (what the hell is wrong with me???), or done anything more for that matter.  Watching all my old friends on Facebook starting families of their own and living normal lives, but I feel like a spectator in a life that's passed me by.  Feel like I don't want to play the game of life - the game of work, the game of starting a family, etc, but paradoxically feel left out if I don't play the game.

Don't want to take drugs to help me, don't want to drink or find any other addictions.

I don't want to throw a gift away, but I'm eating away at myself here, just stewing and waiting to die.

"And then one day you find ten years have got behind you. No one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun"