Tonight seems will be my lastI have had depression all throughout high school, through college and now after college. I have been seeing a therapist for about a year now and recently got referred to a psychiatrist. I have made suicide attempts before but now I really want to leave behind a gruesome corpse for those that claim to "care" about me to find.

I cant seem to have the girl that i have dated before because of the pain I caused her with me breaking up after 6 months because i was hung-up on my other ex of three and a half years. Also my binge drinking did not help. Found out last night that there is no hope left with me getting back with my ex of 6 months. I honestly cannot write in complete sentences right now because im looking outside and playing over and over again how my body would be displayed on the concrete if i jumped, how much blood there would be if i cut myself. I have been crying for help from my friends but it only seems like a minor thing to them and I have no one i can really say anything to. No one understands why I would be much happier if i was to leave this world.
1. I would not be a "debbie downer" according to my friends and no one would have to worry about me again because what is done is done
2. This will cause all my pain to go away, there is no better medication than to completely forget.

I cannot stop crying everywhere that I am right now; gym,class, walking outside. I just picture my body being battered with each step that I take hoping that the random car thats driving by will slam into me and free me. I cannot make it through the nights without having serious panic attacks and it does not help that I live alone. 

I just wanted someone to care that I would be gone but deep down I know no one would. I dont want to waste anyone elses time by being on the planet and help them out by ending my life. I wish once I could be taken seriously in my life...

You would not imagine how much it means to me when a complete stranger shows an act of kindness to me; i burst into tears. 

It means a lot to me that you have read this far but I can assure you my life is worthless and i am better off by being forgotten about