I honestly just dont see the point in living anymoreThey always say "it will get better", but it doesnt. It really doesnt. Ive just been getting worse and worse tbh. Nothings working. At first, I used to be able to find even slight amounts of happiness in doing stuff with friends and working out. However recently, I lost the urge to go to the gym as it just doesnt make me happy anymore. Same with hanging out with friends. I can be with them for a whole day, laugh and smile, only to come home and still be sad and depressed. I dont even know how much longer I can go on with this tbh. Everyday is just another nightmare. It sucks to know your alone, and most of the people who you were really close to, and would do anything for, dont even care about you anymore. They know what Im feeling, but they could care less. It sucks not being able to find happiness in anything anymore. It sucks not having anyone there for you. It sucks knowing that no one cares for you. It sucks knowing that none of your friends check up on you time to time. Im spending even less time on my phone during the summer than I was at school. It hurts to spend 5-6 hours away from your phone only to come back to it and not even have one single notification. It hurts. It really does. All ive ever wanted was someone that was always there for me and genuinely cared about me. I had that for sometime, but not anymore ig. All ive been doing the last few weeks is socially isolating myself. I rarely even text my friends or people I know (let alone them texting me) as I realized Im always the first one to text. I stopped being the first to text and honestly, they never texted me, so that just shows they dont wanna talk to me anymore. Everythings falling apart, and no one gives a crap. Ive put out pleas of me begging for someone to talk to on snap and insta multiple times, and almost everytime, no one responds. People I considered my close friends dont even care. It sucks to see all your friends out and having fun and all your doing is laying in bed at home all alone. Im tired of not finding happiness in anything anymore. Im tired of crying myself to sleep every night. Im tired of no one being there for me or caring about me. Im tired of everything. Whats the point of living? Someone tell me. Dont say live your your "future." All ive known for the longest time is pain and sadness, whats the point of having to go through it even? They say it goes uphill after a certain point, no it really doesnt. Whats the point of keeping on going if your path is straight downhill filled with more pain and sadness. Theres no more point in living when you can avoid all of that. Im getting closer everyday to it i can feel it. Waking up is a pain every day knowing that I have to go through this same crap every day. It sucks more than anything. I just want to not wake up. WOuldnt that be a dream.