Today was my twentieth birthday, and I know I won't live to see my thirtieth.The following post is going to be a compilation of petulant, unimportant first word problems whining in the form of incoherent and hyperbolic rambling. So, if you want to help someone with actual issues, this is your que to leave. I won't even blame you.

Because why wouldn’t you? Nothing about me is the least bit likeable, memorable or even fucking worthwhile. Everything about my existence has been nothing but one giant mistake that should never have been made in the first place. I know the truth about myself. I see it when strangers or people I know look at me, because it’s everything I see when I look in the mirror. I see the worthless, useless creature looking back at me in the mirror. I have absolutely no worth or value whatsoever. Every time I look in the mirror, I only see a creature who is an absolute waste. An ill made, spiteful, indolent, insolent, talentless waste of space. I tried for so long to pretend to be otherwise but this is the truth of who I am, someone devoid of anything the least bit unique or worthwhile, and the few semi-good aspects about me are already present in every other person on the earth so they barely merit mentioning. All I am is a lazy, greedy, spiteful, toxic waste of space with a complete lack of actual humanity. And the worst part is that I know I can never change. That no matter what tiny, minuscule changes I could possibly make, I will be the same, sad void of emptiness that I always have been, because I am too fixed with the abomination I am to change.

After all, what have I actually got to live for?

Friends? I can’t make friends. I have never been capable of making friends. I used to think that I could, once. I used to have people I hung around with and thought I got along with in High School but after that? After they had no obligation to pay attention to me and no one else had any obligation to be around me either? I found what easily disposable trash I am, and why shouldn’t I have discovered that eventually? Aside from being a thoroughly uncharismatic and unlikeable bore, I’m such a naturally vile and toxic person that any person who has spent an extended period of time with me is able to tell that I am not worth their time or trouble by any means. I don’t at all blame the people I used to hang around with for deserting me, they were good people, but no one in their right mind would ever want to be around me. I was just never good enough for them. The only exception is one online friend, but when she does talk to me, on sporadic occasions, she only does so out of pity. And I can never get better than that.

Family? The extended branches of my family could care less if I live or die. I know my uncle thought there was something wrong with me from the time I was two, though he turned out to be correct and my aunt would put on false smiles when I was around to cover up the fact that I was the most annoying person she had ever seen. And then there’s my grandfather who actively despises me, though he tries to cover that up too. That was the hardest. He was someone I always respected and loved and to hear the things that he thought of me broke me. Of course, it also helped me see the truth of who I am much clearer. This is all borne out in the fact that they never, ever voluntarily talk to me, because why would they? Why would they want to even acknowledge the lazy, dull, emotionless disappointment of a human being that he is who does nothing with his worthless, empty, meaningless life? They must wonder exactly what it is they did to be cursed with relation to such a mongrel. 

And my parents? Though I am the abortion she should have had, my mum does at least have the capacity to pretend that I’m just autistic and not the worst mistake to have ever happened to her. But my “dad?” Well, I’m almost certain he’s not my biological father, making me a bastard in every sense of the word, but he’s never felt shy at expressing how disgusted he is with me, criticising my every act, every tiny mistake in lectures that last up to an hour long, regaling every problem he has with the loser that his son is. Though even these stopped recently. He gave up even trying to get me to improve. I don’t blame him, everyone around him is testament to what a stand-up guy he is and how naturally likeable he is to so many people, and what a disappointment I am in return. I know he wishes that his nephew was in my place. He’ll always be more proud of him than me. I see this every time they look at me, every time I fuck up in some way. Because the only cause I’ve ever had to make them “proud” are good grades, and then they can overhype it like it’s the greatest achievement ever because it’s my only achievement. 

But when I do fuck up? Then the real feelings come out and I see it in their eyes. I know they see a fat degenerate waste of space who would never be their time if they hadn’t made the monumental mistake of unleashing him on the world as the crowing embarrassment of their lives. They have to wonder every day what they did that I am their karma. The universe punishing them for whatever deeds were so heinous that I was decided to be their offspring. And you’ve probably guessed that I’ve never been abused or neglected or anything serious like that. I had a perfectly good upbringing and I still turned out like a pathetic, useless loser. You’d have to be blind to not be ashamed of the obvious black sheep of the family that I am. 

And love? That’s the funniest thing I’ve heard all year, in that it’s funny that some woman would actually be deranged enough to look at me and actually want to spend an unpleasant, bumbling conversation with me, let alone the majority of her life. I’m not funny, talented, charming, charismatic, cool, clever or any attribute that is the least bit attractive to anyone under any circumstances. And that’s the biggest fucking disgrace of all, because I will never be loved. I’ll never know what it’s like to hold a person’s hand for a while, let alone to be so close to someone that they feel like the only person in the world worth being around. 

I’ll never get married or be a father or have my life amount to anything whatsoever. But I don’t even look at it as a possibility. I look at people in relationships like people look at Millionaire lifestyles – “Oh, it’d be nice to have that but I understand why I never will.” I just have to trudge along through my empty, useless life alone. Because even if by some fucking miracle, someone actually did want a relationship with me, it wouldn’t last long and I wouldn’t be able to handle being cheated on – because of course I would be. Maybe that would make me enough of a depressed wreck to actually give me the confidence to finally pull the fucking trigger. But I know that’s not likely. No one would ever want to stay with me, because nothing about me inspires the least bit of loyalty in someone. I’ve never been fantasied about or flirted with. No one has ever wanted to share a moment with me, and no one will ever have a cause to do so. Even the idea of actually being in some kind of relationship is as laughable as it is insulting, because it will never, ever happen. 

How could it, when there is not one single aspect about a miserable creature like me that anyone could ever find endearing? It’s especially funny when I consider what a socially inept retard I was in High School, looking at the way guys behaved and dismissing them as loud, obnoxious and childish. But they were the ones in relationships, and I was always the loser. I only realise in retrospect that they were actually lively, energetic and fun to be around. People were drawn to them because they were good times – they drank, they partied, they played sports. I thought that even if these years weren’t for that, I would find a real relationship years later when my “patience” paid off. Of course, it was never going to happen because a dull bore is no one’s fantasy. Still, I do take some small comfort in the fact that I do make the lives of countless women happy every single day, by not being in them. Because if someone was actually cursed enough to be stuck with me, their lives would be so much worse by contrast.

Honestly, its reasons like that that make me ok with living and dying as a virgin. That used to be something that really bothered me. But now? Now, it’s abundantly clear that it’s impossible for me to ever get close to that. Because if my ugly, unpleasant face doesn’t turn someone off, then my repulsive, grotesque body will. It’s not a sight that anyone would ever want to have in their lives and even when I’m in the shower, I’m disgusted that this is what I have. And that’s not even taking into account my microdick, which is the final nail in the coffin of ensuring that I never, ever, under any circumstances, will be able to enjoy that experience with someone special ever. It doesn’t bother me as much anymore because I finally realised that this was never possible. It was never possible for a fat, ugly loser on my scale to ever even get close to that, and if I can just embrace that I am ugly as sin on the inside as well as the outside, perhaps I’ll be able to let it all go. 

But relationships are one thing, what about work? What about it? The only kind of employment I’ve had is volunteering where I discovered just how anti-social and unlikeable I am. Which perhaps might be fine if I actually had any worthwhile talents, attributes or strengths that make me stand out, but I don’t. I guess I’m pretty eloquent and a mediocre writer, as well as possessing above some measure of intelligence, but so what? I have no plan for the future, no drive, no passion, no fucking anything. I used to play with the idea of being a Journalist or a writer, but how could I be? I’m nowhere near articulate, talented or clever enough to actually make it in a field like that but it’s all I have. I’m not a STEM student, I’m not athletic, and I have no discernible hobbies beyond crappy FanFic writing. I’m even a studying for a fucking History Degree, for all the worth that’s going to have. 

At least in High School, I felt happy about my work. Like my essays were amounting to and building to something, but they never were. It was just a way for me to waste my life away until I end up in a shitty, dead end job where I want to kill myself even more than I do already. If that’s even possible and I don’t just end up unemployed for years while my little sister, who already recognises that I’m a loser at 7, surpasses me in every field and every attribute as my parents are dedicated to ensuring they don’t get another me. One fuckup would be enough, but they couldn’t cope with two. Still, at least I can look forward to my tombstone, which will be the most significant thing I can ever accomplish in life…if I’m not just tossed in a ditch and forgotten about like the diseased wretch I actually am. 

So there we have it, a summary of all twenty years of my miserable, worthless, useless, spineless, lazy, indolent, pathetic, insignificant waste of space being alive on this planet. But you know what the worst thing about being me is? That I have the fucking nerve to complain about it. Just another fucking thing wrong with me that I can’t do anything to fix it. I have a comfortable, moderately wealthy lifestyle. When it comes to actual, serious issues, I don’t want for anything. So why do I feel so completely worthless and overall incompetent when I have no fucking reason to? I should be able to fix myself and my miniscule problems but I am completely incapable of even doing that because what would be the point? What would the point of ever holding out hope of anything ever changing for me? It won’t. It won’t ever. Why am I so pathetic when there is NOTHING wrong with my life? Why am I such a grotesque failure that I am completely incapable of even doing the most basic requirements of a functioning human being? I used to believe I was a nice and good person who was held back by being shy and anxious, but that was a lie. It was a lie I told myself, because I was never that. I am as ugly on the inside that I am on the outside. I used to hope that one day someone might take pity on me and see some hidden beauty inside that no one else could and my life would begin to get better. But of course, that would actually require there BEING a hidden beauty to me and there isn’t, there’s never been.

I can still remember what it was like the day my life changed. I asked all the people I thought I was friends with if they wanted to hang out over the summer and no one ever responded. One after one, I was ignored, shunted and ghosted. At first, I thought it was just them but then it was really driven home for me. I finally realised just how completely and utterly alone I actually was in the world. I realised that I had not made one single friend who wanted to spend any time with me whatsoever. And then I started to cry, like the pathetic little weasel I was. As I’ve cried at least once every day since. And as I did, I looked in the mirror, still weeping for what must have been over an hour, and I saw him die. I saw the person who used to be me die. Sure, he wasn’t the best company but he was sarcastic, sly, quirky and a generally happy person who enjoyed life, mostly. I looked into my eyes and watched him peel away as the emptiness inside was replaced. Now he’s dead and I occupy his corpse. An empty void, a nothing. A person no one wants around and wishes was gone. If I find the courage, maybe I will do the world a favour and kill his corpse the way I killed his personality but I doubt that. In addition to everything else, I’m just a coward.

But there’s not really any point in discussion, is there? There’s nothing I can do about it. It would be a fruitless waste to even try and think of a cure when none exists. All I can hope for is some way of living with the disease. I will kill myself one day. I have “lived” for two decades, if one can term if that, and I know that there is nothing I have to show for it and no point in disputing the fact that I won’t survive to see the third reach its conclusion. What would there be to look forward to? Not that I know when, how or what will finally push me over the edge but one day, I’ll look into my mirror for the final time and not be able to take it anymore. I can’t be liked. I won’t be loved. I could never be mourned. How could I ever believe any differently? So why do I bother with the charade? Why can’t I just cut myself out from the pretence of life and be done with it? Why not rid the world of the stain upon it that I am and finally be done with it? Is it just cowardice alone, or am I so fucking stupid that I actually think I might miss out on something if I die? Am I still that naïve? I just wish I could find the resolve to be done with it.

But yeah, Happy 20th Birthday to me, I guess. How many more will I have, I wonder?