Desperate for adviceI'm 31. 9 years ago I met my wife in my small hometown in East Tennessee. I fell in love with her, but she was from Midwest Florida, and had a 3 year old son already. Soon after we met she got pregnant with my son. Growing up with a father that lived in Illinois, I knew immediately that I would do anything to be there for my unborn child. So, we decided to move to her home town in Florida where all of her family is, get married and start raising her first born and our new baby. I've always had depression to some degree. We've had a rough marriage almost from the start. So, we've slowly been drifting apart this whole time. On March 28th we started the day off with sex. I felt like a million bucks. As the day went on she said she was tired of being couped up in the house all week because of the Corona virus. She wanted to go to a hotel to "get away" I supported her decision to take some time for her self and told her she should go. Eventually she decided to not go to the hotel and instead go out with one of her girlfriends and her sister. I once again supported her decision. She left at 2pm. As I was at home with our boys playing in the pool making burgers for them and having fun I realized she'd been gone for almost 6 hours. I started calling her and she wouldn't pick up, so I Facebook messaged her friend she said she was with, and asked her to have her give me a call. Her friend was surprised to say the least that I was contacting her, mainly because she wasn't with her. She finally called me around 8:30 after her friend contacted her to see what was going on. Caught in her lie, she immediately confessed that she had driven an hour and a half to go out on a 37 year old rich guys boat for a while. After their boat ride, they went to go get Publix subs in his 2020 Corvette. My wife works at a successful car lot, and this was one of her customers. she actually sold him the boat and the Corvette. He knows that she's married with kids. She swears they didn't do anything sexual. I'm kinda losing my shit right now..... I've always been suicidal. My mom caught me in 5th grade trying to kill myself. I love my boys more than anything in the world, and I love her. She's got an amazing family that supports her no matter what (as the should). So she talked to her family about what happened and they all have her confidence. I don't have any family here, nowhere to go when things get rough. She's just acting like nothing happened. I'm extremely upset about it, she said they didn't do anything, but I can't stop thinking about her fucking some other guy in his boat. Before the Corona virus we went to 1 therapy session, and the woman diagnosed me with severe anxiety disorder, and that we need to get to the bottom of my problems so I could be a better man for her. We have a phone conference scheduled for Wednesday. I couldn't sleep last night, my heart has been beating out of my chest, I can't relax, and my breaths are short but frequent. So far it's not let up, I'm sitting in an empty church parking lot right now. I wanted to post this to get it off my chest and maybe give me relief? The feelings of suicide are very strong right now, but I could never do that to my boys. I have no where to turn, and I don't know what to do about it. All I can do is think of how much of a piece of shit I am to push her to this point which isn't helping my already venomous thoughts about myself..... I don't want a divorce, but I'm so upset, I can't even look at her.....thanks for reading