I'm just kinda tired of it allfailed suicide attempt the other day. I'm sixteen this sucks. I still want to die if anything more so.

 I moved around a lot so I don't have any friends I've known for a while. at the most almost three years I've known and cared about like 2ish people. just broke up with one of them which is good since I'm very unhealthy right now and he doesn't need to deal with that. still hurts though. the other I'm not very close to. we hang out and she's probably my best friend I got but I'm not hers. so there's that. I just kinda wish I never texted that hotline. I feel like I was supposed to go.

 I was feeling quite a bit more awful than usual last week. I was trying to reach out for help but it didn't really work out. I tried connecting with my dad so I didn't feel alone and we had something to talk about. I had been meaning to tell him I started dating a guy that I really care about but instead I got an anxiety attack.

 the next day I had this "doom" feeling since I woke up. so I was like oh shit I'll just go to school and see if it gets better if not I'll just ask to go home. went to school tried to talk to my art teacher but he was having a conversation with the new art teacher and she seemed stressed so I left. tried planning to hang out with my best friend I mentioned before during study hall but that didn't really work out with her. read a book instead during study hall. it had a hotline in it at the end so I figured I'd put it in my phone. during lunch I asked my dad if I could go home, but he got my message too late (his phones been acting up) and was at work already and by the time he texted back it was already last period anyways when I got it. went to my last period tried talking to this guy I made kinda friends with to survive that class during the beginning of the year. said my suicidal tendencies were high today and he didn't think much of it. went to the bus saw my boyfriend on the way there, but he ignored me so I realized he was gonna break up with me. he's been all distant a while before so whatever whatever. went home still feeling like shit. don't really remember what I did next except text my boyfriend for help.

woke up next day by the time my dad was going to work. was really tired and shrugged him off when he asked about it. I guess he figured my anemia was getting bad again or I had a bad day or something I don't know.  ordered pizza ate some. felt shittier. ate some more and threw it away. still felt dooming but was watching frasier. boyfriend broke up with me didn't even say like get help or insulted me or anything. he was very nice about it I didn't want to bring him down anymore so I was cool with it but that was my last chance. pulled down concert posters on my wall and my art stuff. made room on my drawer for the important stuff. threw away some journals and stuff that I had been meaning to throw away. was going to finish my art walk since it's original intention was to veer me off from suicide. ("I can't die until I finish drawing my wall").  said fuck that went downstairs grabbed all the medicine possible from the cabinet. went back to my room and unwrapped all the pills to put in this one pill container. watched frasier while doing it. filled the container. thought about getting alcohol from downstairs to help it out. didn't get it. put meds in my hand and down the throat it went with some coke zero. spit out a little bit maybe 1/5th thought I'm an idiot and sent the text to that hotline I saved the day before. was very compliant although I really wanted to just rot in my room all weekend. ems gets here I still think I'm a dumbass. I comply with everything and get sent to the hospital. the way there was cool I guess. met nice people in the ambulance. lady told me it gets better and when she was 14 she got pregnant and kids at school told her to kill herself. thought that's real sad what asshole kids. went to the hospital all night and went home in the middle of night. still want to die. couldn't sleep which is the one thing I wanted. thought about drowning myself, still want to since dying isn't scary anymore.

tried to stay out of the house the next day did laundry, bought books, returned books, and bought groceries. went to school. told teacher that taught the class with dude that I had told my suicidal tendencies were high that day, that I was hazy after an event and wanted to work somewhere else whenever I have that class again. went to library to find that book with that hotline so I could email the writer a thank you note. went to another teacher left my boyfriend's or I guess ex boyfriend's jacket in there since he had that class that day. told her same thing that event happened and I won't be all there today she gets concerned I wanted to talk about it but little steps little steps. tried not to stay alone during the day. went to girl best friend during lunch. I texted her what happened that weekend earlier. she gives me hug but we don't really talk about it. got through the day barely. saw my ex out of the corner of my eye heart broke a bit so I leave. went to get picked up asked to not be at school for a bit. dad's nice about so cool. had long day still thought I should die.

 everything went wrong those days and all I had was myself. went to school that day hoping I wouldn't feel alone again but oh jeez I sure did. the main reason I went was to return that jacket and to pass time but god that was hard. I don't know why I'm writing this but god I do feel alone. realized on that day back that no matter what I did from now on I still won't be quite alright. it seems kinda useless again for help or to go to school or even to move states or cities. I'll still feel awful. the only thing is that during that weekend I saw my own eyes and saw them look all glossy like a dolls and thought well that's that. if I wasn't dead outside I'm surely dead inside now. my eyes don't seem right still and I just want time to pass me by honestly.