i must accept deathi need the courage to fucking die. I'm tired. abusive childhood, no friends, no family, never been loved or in a relationship, I'm ugly, lazy, too stupid to learn anything. all i have is a high school diploma. i don't want to be anything or anyone. i have no passion, no future. I'm tired. i have a medical condition that prevents me from being active, I'm too tired to do anything other than to work and sleep, I'm lazy, ugly, etc. i have no hobbies.

too much anxiety, depression, etc. and when you've grown up being abused and never loved, you become nobody. i am a nobody. a nothing. i don't want to be here anymore. i don't want to breathe or wake up anymore. i can't enjoy anything. everything I watch, play, or read, reminds me of how unloved and worthless i am.

i need to die. i must die. psychiatrists and therapists have failed. I'm too tired to do anything now other than to stay in bed and hope for death. but the only way i can end the pain and be with Satan in Hell is if i truly motivate myself to die. however i can.

i just need the courage. there's no other path for me. slowly but surely, i will soon have it.

I'm too ugly, autistic, too different, too poor, too stupid, too lazy, too fucking worthless. I fucking hate myself more than anything and anyone. i wish someone would rape and violently kill me. that's the death i really deserve.

happy people get their sense of self worth from loving families. but my "family" hated me for different reasons and made sure i knew all of them. i was not raised with self worth, but self hatred. it's all i know and all i ever shall know. it's instinctive, now. i can't stand the sight of myself. nothing can convince me otherwise, except for a woman's tender love. which of course i shall never have. because I'm a shitstain. 

i should've died a long time ago. having a heart condition since birth, i should've known that i had no chance. in the eyes of objective reality, i truly am every inch a failure. it's time i do the right thing. i just need the courage.

i hate humans