TonightI’m 56yrs old. In the past, I have counseled others who have wanted to commit suicide and have done my part to get them to choose not to do it that day and redirect them to help and in some cases I’ve been able to witness, they lived on to enjoy better days. I know a lot of the arguments to use. They are valid. 

I’m stunned to discover that there are exceptions as to why one should not commit suicide and my case is one of them. If you’re suicidal, please don’t read this, it really doesn’t apply to you. 

I’ve experienced a series of circumstances (illness, divorce, job loss) that have led me to discover that some lives do have a value. Mine is about $4,700 (the total back log owing right now - the majority of which is rent due and I’m about to be evicted). I have no way of borrowing it, and to date after weeks, no guaranteed way of paying it back. I have applied for all kinds of jobs. I had a temp job that due to physical limitations I had to quit. I have applied for entry level jobs which I have not been able to get because I’m overqualified and in-between and career jobs which I haven’t gotten either. I have had professionals look at my resume and say “I don’t understand why you’re not at the director or VP level in a company” while at the same time not offering anything other than punctuation suggestions for changes. I’m not whining, I’m frustrated. 

I think of myself as someone who has undertaken many professional and personal challenges and have succeeded in substantial ways and have helped people along the way. Unfortunately this is contrary to the evidence all around me right now. I have started businesses in the past (I’m out of time and money to do so right now), I’ve worked up to 95 hours in a single week for employers (while on salary, and done so because I made a commitment to get a job done and it was for a worthy cause). I work hard.

I’m at a point where the usual arguments don’t apply. Things will get better. No, they’re about to get substantially worse. I’m about to be evicted and I have no place to move/store my personal stuff (I don’t have a lot either) and no where to live. I will only have my car and it is pad for and old. Family/friends are not an option. I’m about to lose my phone service and that will impact the type of job I can get and so far, I haven’t been able to get a job stocking shelves (at least I had the manager gush over how qualified I am). I know there are many people experiencing worse hardship than me but I just don’t see a way forward from losing my stuff and living in a car. 

I am about to lose the only thing of value I thought I had which was my reputation. I’m about to lose my apartment. About to lose my phone. About to lose the ability to present myself well enough to apply for jobs. 

I don’t really want to but I don’t really have a choice. I should do it tonight. I have a higher opinion of myself than I deserve. If I had a choice, I would have a modest job, pay modest bills and help people. I would have my own business or even be happy working at any number of jobs even below executive level. 

I have to do this because I have failed to basically live. Admitting it makes it a little more honest I guess. Sometimes it’s the logical thing to do.