LostI am very alone. I've moved 7 times in a bit over 4 years -- the last 6 of which were with my boyfriend and 4 of which were 1k+ miles. I've worked from home this entire time. These two facts make it INCREDIBLY difficult to even make friends, let alone keep them. In the last 3 years, I have only hung out with one person who wasn't immediate family or my boyfriend, and even that was only a couple times.

I feel quite isolated and incapable of meeting people. My social anxiety has progressed to the point that I can't even go through a non-self checkout line at the grocery store because I simply panic. Last time I was supposed to meet someone (coworkers of my boyfriend) it resulted in me locking myself in the bathroom and crying and refusing to come out until he agreed to not make me go.

Most of the time, though, I'm relatively unaffected by how isolated I am. However, some pretty major issues have arisen between the boyfriend and I in recent history and it's made it nigh unbearable. I can't find a reason to bother any more. 

People often comment that suicide is a "permanent solution to a temporary problem." Unfortunately, that's not always the case. I've come to realize as of late that it is fundamentally impossible for me to ever get most of the things that I want most in life and I have pretty much no one to even care if I did die. The majority of my boyfriend's concern (I've become increasingly convinced) would be a result of guilt more than attachment. My parents would probably care, but it doesn't even seem like it would really impact them beyond the knowledge that I wasn't around. We live 3k miles away so it's not like they'd suddenly stop having me come by every Sunday for lunch or something.

Regardless of that, though, I still feel bad about the idea of doing that to the people who might give a shit, even though the list is incredibly short. But at the same time, I don't see why I should have to emotionally suffer through a meaningless life for years or decades just to avoid making a couple people sad for a little while who ultimately have more interesting things going on, anyway.