Done with life? Not sure what else to do.The text box says 'share something interesting'...  I'm tempted to not even write.

I've started though, and as many times as I'm told I never follow through with anything I guess its never too late to start.

I guess a little background for context, I'm not sure what to say its just coming out.

I'm married to a wonderful woman.  The most caring and sweet person I've ever met.  She's not perfect but she's really great.  We have a 20 month old little girl, who is smart as hell and melts my heart every single day, beautiful, sweet.  My wife has three kids from a former marriage, all of them are wonderful, and trying.  I love them all.  I can't imagine a life without them all no matter how frustrating.  

I'm 36, or 37... Doesn't matter, I don't really care.  Im relatively successful in my field I guess.  I make over six figures now, work from home 100% of the times, own a house with a little land, a couple of cars, and a tractor.  I hate the state we live in, we both do, but we have a wonderful place to hide from it.

I'm emotionally abusive.  I have once been physically, and I justify it as retaliation, but its abuse all the same.  I love my wife but I lie to her.  Less now, much much less.  But it doesn't change the fact that I have.

This is my second marriage, we've been married for almost 3 years now.  My first ended after 9 years.  I blame my ex wife but I'm finding more and more that I believe it's my fault.

Since I was in my early teens I've struggled with depression and suicidal ideation.  I've seen countless therapists, psychologists, and psychiatrists.  I've been on tons of different antidepressants, mood stabilizers, antipsychotics.  I used to cut myself, a lot.  Currently I'm taking an antidepressant that is unscheduled in this country, and that made a very small difference, but since I'm posting here you could say its too little too late.

I'm sitting in bed right now, my wife and little girl beside me.  Work open in front of me, but I can't seem to focus.  Last night, my wife told me she was done with me.  And that she had given up.  That I was a piece of shit.  That she was only going to stay with me so she could raise our daughter full time.  She doesn't want to have joint custody, we've discussed divorce in the past. I don't want that.  I don't want to lose my family but I've destroyed it.  I don't want my wife to be without her little girl.  

We are going on a trip soon, someplace we've never been.  My little girls first time flying.  My wife's second.  Someplace beautiful that neither of us has ever been.  And all I can think of is how I can die during the trip, in a way that could be ruled accidental and ensure a life insurance payout.  They should be able to live for a good number of years with that.  

I don't know what else to do.  Its all I can think about.  If I divorce her, she loses time with our little one.  I do too.  She would likely lose ground we've made against her ex husband and getting to see her other kids 2 weekends a month, we would both lose the house, and both be stuck in this shit hole state.  I cant stomach the thought of her losing what little time she has with her other kids.  We have plans to move to an area with schools that aren't awful, but if we divorce we won't be able individually to move and live for our daughters school.

I want to die.  I'm planning to die.  I just wanted to tell someone.  I can't tell my wife, she will think it's manipulation.  I have no friends now.  I don't want to go back to the hospital.  Therapists have been useless for me.  Drugs have been useless, with horrendous side effects.  There is no happiness in my life, except for the fleeting moments with my little girl, but she prefers her mommy well and above me so I think she would be just fine.  Everyone will be better off without me.