Can't take the pain anymoreThank you for reading. I'm sorry it's really long.
I really don't know what to do. I've had bad chronic headaches for 3 years, neck muscle spasm pain/shoulder pain for almost a year, my face is slightly swollen, jaw pain for about 8 months ( I got braces which caused me to clench so I had to get them removed early and now I can’t stop clenching and I have TMJ), and episodes of sharp jabbing/ burning pain all over my face for about 6 months and foot pain for about 6 years. The pain just takes over my life and allows me to do so little. I can’t get out and do much. Sometimes I just start crying/screaming it gets so intense. I've been to every doctor and they don't have any answers. I've tried so many different drugs that don't work and just give me bad side effects. I've had physiotherapy, massage therapy, and chiropractors. Massage is the only thing that gives me a little bit of relief. I’ve had lots of those. My parents don’t have coverage or bad coverage and so I've been paying now. I only have a couple thousand dollars.

 I'm 15 and things aren't great at home. My brother has always treated me very badly. I am told when I was born (he was 4 at the time) he would have dreams about trying to hurt me and would tell his parents he wanted to hurt me. Though my life he has always treated me like shit. Threaten to hurt me (punch me, kick me, throw things at me,etc.) make fun of basically everything I do and repeatedly tells me I wreck the family, am useless/worthless, that he wishes he could get rid of me, says nobody wants me/cares about me, calls me an idiot, one time said he would like to kill me (he said he would like to kill someone but it was obvious he was talking about me), ect. I haven't been well lately I can't go to school that often and he always makes fun of me about that. A couple times he has hit me. One time he was really bothering me and being rude to me so I lost it and threw a tv remote at him about chest level (he will always claim it was at his face, it never even hit him) so he charged at me and pushed me into the wall unit. I went through the wood part and thankfully my leg was just badly bruised but u almost went through the glass. A few times he has thrown stuff at me (his pants and a dirty rag).  My parents don't do much about it. My mother takes his side 90% of the time and just tells me to "stay out of his way".. My bother makes me feel very unsafe. He is 19, and 5'11. I'm 15, 5'1 and 95lbs.

My dad has been rude to me lately when I'm in pain and can't do what he wants. He has said I'm a fucking retard, that I must have an IQ of 2, that he wishes he had never had me, that I'm a moron, that I am stupid, etc. One time when I was crying/screaming because of the pain he was yelling at me to stop because it was so loud and he wanted to sleep. I couldn't stop the pain was so bad, My mascara ran and he told me to "go wash my monkey face". He was coming after me and I got scared that he was going to hurt me so I kicked him in the leg and then he grabbed me by my face, hard, where the pain was and he pushed me into the couch and it hurt really bad. He was also being rude to me again yesterday. I was crying because my head, jaw, and neck hurt really bad and I also have caught a bad cold now. He was going on about how stupid I was acting the other day and I lost it and threw something at the wall, which left a small mark. He just threatened to make me sleep in the back yard. My mother came down and yelled at him to treat me nicer when I was in pain. He just says that I’m making the whole thing up and that if I was really in pain I would take the drugs (I have been prescribed lots of medications that either don’t work or I can’t take them because they make me too tired, dizzy, have blurred vision,  chest pains, or give me a worse headache).

My mother and I get along most of the time. She is quite nice to me about 60% of the time. Most of the problem is she is very anti-LGBT. I’m a closeted bisexual and I can’t tell anyone because my family is completely anti-LGBT. My mother is a strict Christian and makes me tell her that it is wrong to be gay after even watching a TV show with a gay character. LGBT kids are made fun of at school too. I’ve told my parents that I want to die. My father just tells me not to do anything stupid. My mother used to tell me how she would miss me and that that can’t happen but one time she was mad that I was crying and yelled at me to go downstairs and die. I feel like my family is making me go crazy. I tried to tell this to my mother and she just says that “I make my family feel unsafe”. She says that if I go and talk to someone they will just put me in a group home. She says that I have a pretty good home life that I should be thankful for.  She has threatened to put me in a group home multiple times. She once said she would like to take me down to children’s aid and leave me there. 

 This morning I woke up in a lot of pain and started to scream/cry. I have had some unusually bad period cramps that I had been asking them to take me to the hospital for as well as the usual pain. It woke my brother up and my whole family  got really mad at me.  They said how they would just love to send me away.  I told them that I hated them.  My parents have to do a lot taking care of me which I appreciate but my mother just started to yell that she wasn’t going to do anything for me anymore and that I would just rot and die in the house. My parents complain all the time about how they have to take care of me. I try to tell this to my mom and she looked like she was going to cry and just said that she loved me and loved taking care of me.  Then the other day the pain started to get so bad that I kicked the wall. It left a hole. I really didn’t mean to and felt really bad.  And they all started to yell at me about how they would call the police on me.  I’m going crazy I can’t take this anymore.

 I think I’m going to have to drop out of school. School just started and it's too hard for me. The chairs hurt my neck, classes are loud, sometimes the lights make my headache worse, and it's too hard for me to keep up with the work.

I’ve started to “cut”, aka running a push pin into my skin and it leaves light marks. I have tried to commit suicide 3 times and all I think about is how to kill myself. I’ve been planning that the next time I am home alone I am going to go down to the drugstore and buy some caffeine pills to overdoes on (would they even let a 15 year old girl buy multiple bottles of caffeine pills?). I know it’s not a very good idea but I’ve also been looking up how to commit suicide by cutting your neck.  For a long time I used a pro-suicide forum that had a lot of really sick people on it. I would ask for help with how to commit suicide. A lot of people would tell me to message them and they would give me a “pep talk” if I needed it.

I contacted kids help phone during their live chat and they suggested calling CPS on my family. They said a counselor could do it if I called them.  My family would be livid if I called CPS. I don’t know if I could even say these things out loud to someone. 
