Just wanna ventI've attempted suicide 2 times as of now. The first was when I was 13 I tried to hang myself. My parents found out and they did absolutely nothing. That summer I tried again, this time took 36 500mg paracetamol tablets. My parents didn't find out and it didn't work, just vomited them all up. Doing that made me realize how alone I am, I still haven't told my parents and I doubt they care that much TBH. I haven't told my friends and I don't really tell my friends anything, a lot of the time they call me "kind of emotionless" and shit like that. They have never seen me cry or open up to them despite them opening up to me. I breifly took a break from all the suicidal thoughts when I was in year 9 and 10. In the summer of year 10 I started having this crush on a girl, which made me realise how unattractive i am. Every day that summer I spent most of my time thinking about her and just how terrible I was. School stated and she didn't notice me. None of my crushes or any girls have every noticed me. Then I stated to get suicidal thoughts again and I stated to self harm. I now have scars all up my arm (not my wrist because at that point I didn't want to die, I just wanted someone to notice me). I'm pretty sure my best friend started to crush on the same girl but we never talked about it because ive never opened up to him and he's never opened up to me. I literally planned every day to get to talk to her for a few minutes. I now have a crush on this other girl who is a bit closer to me and we talk a bit. It's pretty clear to me that she doesn't like me that way even though I've never asked her explicitly. I'm worried about how the fuck I'm gonna live because if every time I like a girl I start to get suicidal I'm not gonna live very long coz I've been told life's only get worse. I was at a party a couple of days ago and she got into a depressed mood and I didn't know what I was meant to do cause I'm so socially inept. This other boy started talking to her (the guy is pretty much superior to me in every way: looks smartness etc). I feel like such a fucking failure. I just can't bring myself to tell anyone about any of my feelings hence why I'm here. I know how these next few month's are gonna go coz I start getting suicidal every time I crush. It's still the same. Nobody notices if I'm down and my friends still call me shit like "emotionless". Nobody comforts me or even gives me physical contact, not even my family. A fucking hug from anyone or something as simple as someone acknowledging that I'm sad could make me feel so much better but nothing ever happens. Anyway this year i got GCSEs and I'm gonna fail. After I fail I'm gonna be even more worthless and unnoticeable to everyone and I'm not gonna be able to get a job or do anything with my life, I'm literally gonna be alone forever. My sister is 2 years younger and better than me in every way. Ive stopped talking to her as much coz I'm so jealous of the attention she's getting from my parents. She goes to private school and is treated better than me in all ways. Nobody even takes me seriously and I can't talk to anyone and nobody's gonna believe anything anyway. I don't have any diagnosis of anything and my dad's a doctor anyway who's life has gone really well and he's worked really hard for the life he's living. I'm the opposite, I'm lazy, unmotivated and pretty unattractive not just in the physical sense but also through the fact that I just act cold to everyone. Everywhere I look people are better. I can't even fucking die without fucking up. I hope everday that this girl likes me but I know I'll be a shit boyfriend and deep down there's no way anyone likes me. If I was her I would never date me. I have no hobbies. I used to like playing games with my friends but at this point I can't even be bothered to do that. I certainly a not gonna revise for the GCSEs, I'm not motivated enough. Nothing makes me happy and the last time I was genuinely happy without any thoughts in the back of my head was a couple years ago. I spend hours every day alone crying in my room. I hate everything about myself and I know life's only gonna get harder when I have to get a job and im only ever gonna feel more alone when I'm 30 with no girl, no friends and all my family's dead. I get fantasies of getting mugged or hit by a car and dying or committing suicide and as my funeral happens everyone realises that I'm an actual human with actual feelings. Just writing this makes me realise how much better of a place the world would be without me and how people gonna mourn for a few days but then forget I ever existed. The difference a hug would make for me. Nobody notices me. Nobody even treats me like a human being anymore. 


Bye forever I guess