its so tempting to start planning. im in a bad place tonight and im tempted to go to my dad.for starters im 15 so im living at home. im starting..to plan. plan a date, method, and what to do with my belongings, writing a note, etc. my handwritings awful though, would probably do a google doc or something to make it easier.

im..scared of dying. very scared. death terrifies me, im not religious, its just..nothing. its so scary. but yet i just want everything to finally be over, no more pain, no more..anything. its a funny conflict i think. 

ive been reaching out for help, sort of. my therapist told my dad i was suicidal, and he took it..bad to say the least. got defensive when i told him i felt like a failure, saying “well i dont pressure you anymore.” he asked me “What do you even have to be sad about? Sure the worlds awful but thats not just happening to you right now.” etc. Whats worse is he thinks it was a good conversation. that it was positive, helpful. He loves me, he does, hes just so fuckinn stupid with emotions. i swear to god he went to college for psychology but cant understand that sometimes youre just fucking sad for no goddamn reason. my therapist is looking for outpatient treatment for me. i dont think i can wait long enough anymore.

i had the realization recently that i *can* die. theres always been a subconcious “yes other people kill themselves, but that wont happen to you. you cant do it. youre not going to die.” but i sorta just..realized. I *can* die. thats in *my* hands. i can finally control something for once, my own fucking life. 

im getting rambley, sorry. either way. im thinking of going to my dad. its 4 am, its late, hes asleep, but i just want someone to *help* me. i dont want to die. i do? i dont. i dont know. i want help, i need help but i dont know what to do. im doing everything right, im going to therapy, i take medication, nothings working. i dont care anymore. i need help. should i go to my dad? he’ll be kinda pissed i woke him up at first but i have once or twice in the past. it was when i was in physical pain though (post leg surgery recovery, i fell, hurt myself, another time was an awful stomach ache.) so he was sympathetic, so i dont know if he would get upset? i dony know. i dont know what to do