I'm a seriously fucked up person who absolutely does not deserve to live.Thank you for caring enough to click this post. It means a lot. I'll warn you, though: it's really, really long.

I have done absolutely morally reprehensible things to the people that have absolutely not deserved it chronically over the past I don't even know how long. I've always had the outward image of a helpful, easygoing, generally pleasant fellow. I'm sure that unconsciously I shaped my exterior personality to convey harmlessness and moral fiber to make my disgusting predation easier on myself.

Since I was young, I have had an absolutely terrifying temper. I suspect that I've got Intermittent Explosiveness Disorder, although I've never been diagnosed. I'm the oldest of five children from a working-class background, and was often left in charge of watching my little sisters when my parents were away. I love them all dearly, and in general, we got along quite well. I have always had a tendency to fly right the fuck off the handle at pathetically trivial annoyances and demonstrated a horrific lack of patience with those poor girls. Usually, I would be verbally venomous, and reduce them to tears. Occasionally, I would become physically abusive, and for some fucking reason, when I'm in the grips of my rage, I tend to grab throats. Remorse would set in and I'd be exceptionally nice to my sisters for a while, but it never prevented a relapse. I'm sure my actions have had long-term effects on those poor girls, which in my opinion is reason enough to deserve death. They're such good people.

Naturally, because of these outburts, I lived in absolute disgust with myself, and veered between severe bouts of depression and periods of compensating with false confidence and joviality. I had absolutely no motivation in school the whole way through, and very rarely actually did my work. My poor father was very concerned about my academic performance, as was my stepmom who came into my life later, and bent over backwards to try to stop me from completely fucking my life up. My reaction to this was to take personal offence and build this shell of indignance at their "judgements" of me (Christ, I'm an asshole) and began lying to them.

The lying began as ways to excuse myself from responsibility over homework and similar things, but quickly escalated into full-blown pathology when I realized that you don't have to feel bad for being a horrific person if you just believe your own lies. After that, fuck, I lied about everything. I became incredibly manipulative. Sometimes I would just lie for the sheer hell of it, and it made no difference to me who I lied to or how it affected them. I got into drugs and alcohol in my early teens, and of course lied through my teeth about those more times than I can possibly count. I stole a hell of a lot of booze from my (remember, working-class) father over the course of my teen years. When they'd finally found out, I was kicked out of the house. I'm getting ahead of myself, though.

When I was 15 I met my soulmate and beloved fiancee online. She was young and innocent and full of love and life, and ready to pledge her heart to anyone who asked for it. I love everything about her so much. The way that I responded to her interest and love and kindness was to completely misrepresent myself to her in all ways but my face and my name. I made the most ridiculous persona for myself without really realizing that I was doing it; by the time I noticed what the fuck I was doing. the stack of lies included that I was a heroin addict (I wouldn't even try the drug for years), I was incredibly promiscuous with both genders (I had never so much as held someone's hand) and that I'd made several suicide attempts (as much as I hated myself, I was too much of a coward to even consider it) among so many, many others. This was no more than a month into our relationship.

I told that girl that I would come and visit her, and that I had sent her presents by the mail, and that I'd be moving there as soon as I was able. What I actually did was string her along and occasionally just cut contact with her and pick her right back up like nothing had happened, supplying outlandish, vicious lies to explain why poor, poor me just couldn't have been there, ranging from imaginary stays in mental hospitals to the fictitious death of my dad, all the while stringing along two other girls with similar bullshit. Of course it all came crashing down around me and all the girls (all internet friends) found out about each other. One of them wanted nothing more to do with me and cut contact permanently. I let down one of the two girls and my soulmate graciously took me back and wanted to work on our relationship.

Obviously there was a ton of resentment between us after that, and even though I did initially commit myself to the relationship completely (even that kind of idiot realizes when they're THAT lucky), the way I dealt with the stress that being so resented put on me (CHRIST, I'm an asshole) was to talk to the girl whose heart I had totally broken a little while before again, eventually stringing them both along again. Soulmate found out again, took me back again (the poor sweet woman). I repaid her generosity by instead of moving in with her across the country after high school, I put myself in a ton of debt to attend a local university. I got heavily into drugs and alcohol, frequently ignored my soulmate to party with assholes whose names I can't even remember, and fell back into my old habit of telling her outragous lies to cover my ass. She swallowed them all completely, until one of my college buddies noticed what was going on and had the conscience to inform her of it. She broke up with me, then, and I spiraled to rock bottom.

After I failed out of college after one semester, I stayed again with my dad. It was at this time that I stole so much booze that I was asked to leave the house; I spent that summer as a drug dealer. I remember very little of it; I was engaged in ultimate selfishness, doing only what felt good to me. Eventually, I had a psychotic break while doing some acid, and was forced to actually be honest with myself. I begged my dad for forgiveness, and was accepted back into the house.

I didn't think it was fair to invite myself back into my soulmate's life, so I reestablished contact with the other girl yet again. Shortly thereafter, my soulmate talked to me again, confronting me about all of the things I had put her through in a manner that she never had before, in hopes of actually salvaging our relationship. I tried my hardest to ignore her, but she would not be denied; she has never, ever given up on me. The way I repaid this preserverence was to continue masturbating on webcam with the other girl. This time, though, the other girl was only playing me; she intentionally got me to lower my guard so she could break my heart. She told me so herself.

My soulmate still loved me, and I could not believe what a lucky person I was to have this wonderful woman in my life who I love so much and absolutely do not deserve that I moved cross-country (this is about two years ago) to live with her.

Since I've been here, I've made constant, conscious attempts to be a better person for her, but there's one obstacle I can't overcome: the IED-like illness that has plagued me since childhood. During totally ordinary, everyday arguments, I become horribly abusive. I fly into a rage and become so indignant that I believe anything I do is justified. I scream at the top of my lungs and call her horrible names and sometimes I even beat her. It got so bad that last year at about this time, I got arrested for domestic abuse. She begged the police not to take me, paid exorbinant fees to talk to me in jail, and took me back without a second thought as soon as I got out. She knows that I'm consumed by remorse after doing something like that, and knows that I genuinely do LOVE her to pieces, and so continues to stay with me even though the outbursts continue. Generally I don't become physically abusive as often, although I was recently.

Clearly, I am a piece of shit that this angel is wasting her life on. I deserve completely to be killed for it. I cannot believe what a disgusting human being I am. She has expressed to me numerous times, though, that she'd rather be dead than without me. She has loved me so much and so patiently and so selflessly for so long and I endeavor to stay alive and keep getting better for her; to try to make her the happy despite all of this. I need to stay alive to love her the way she deserves to be loved. I just don't know how I can keep living under the burden of my conscience anymore, or more importantly with the knowledge that I'm a shitty, violent rage-a-holic who can snap and lose themselves completely and that she will never leave me. I have never felt so hopeless.

tl;dr I'm an abusive piece of shit with a long-suffering, wonderful fiancee who can't seem to defeat their mental disease and is having trouble seeing any way out of this situation except death.