UglyThis species is fucking terrible. I wish we would get hit by a meteor, or global warming ends us, or nuclear war.

We deserve it. What is the point of being alive if you're ugly?  To get gossiped about in public?  To have people gawk at you and laugh at you but not talk to you?  To make sure you never feel any pleasure or joy unless you pay for it? WHY ARE PEOPLE SO BASE?

The older I get the more I hate people and the less I want to go outside or interact with anyone. What's the point? The point is to be born good looking or have a perfect personality or you are nothing, apparently. No suggestions ever helped. Self-improvement is a dead-end and doesn't change what matters -- your base looks. I don't understand. Where is the humanity? Where is this thing called love? It seems to fall into place with attractive people ALL THE FUCKING TIME.

So this is it?  It's about being ugly and that's your life, you get old and die, and everything you do is without reward or pleasure because pleasure is for beautiful people even if they can't properly speak. This is the world around me. Where is the world others talk about? Where are the non-superficial people?  People say they exist, where are they. WHERE ARE THEY?!?!

It makes me sad because you can't talk about this with anyone. My family will wonder why even though I begged for help for years on end. No one ever helped, no one introduced me to anyone, no one gave anything but backhanded platitudes. Is it really looks? I know when I cover most of my body perfectly in nice clothing people are nicer, but only when I wear many layers. When they see what I am they don't care.

I don't understand and am panicking.  Where do people meet REAL FRIENDLY NONSUPERFICIAL PEOPLE or is LOVE now only for the beautiful? I don't understand and the more people say this isn't the case, the harder it is to exist in a world where it clearly is.

WHAT THE FUCK? The longer I am alive, the more time I spend around people, the more I hate them. How could you ever not hate something so superficial and base?  THIS was what we evolved to be?  The fuck. So is the only justice dismantling everything like the Koch brothers, because people don't deserve it because they're ANIMALS WHO CHOOSE TO ACT EVEN MORE ANIMALISTIC BECAUSE IT FEELS GOOD?

I can't spend time outside anymore and I hate people. All I ever wanted was an explanation. Are people really THAT base and LIE about it THAT MUCH?  I think suicide by cop is probably easiest. What do you think?