I feel like a spectatorI don’t feel like I’m actually a part of anything that goes on in my life. I’ll play games and on occasion 4-5 friends will get on to play games too and they’ll all talk about memories and stories that they find funny, or that they just want to reminisce about. Every time it happens everyone has something to contribute to the story but me, they’re all included in the memories and stories and they all remember it because they were there, and I’m really starting to notice that they never think to include me in these events that become stories and memories. I don’t know the same people they do, I haven’t done the same things they have, and every time they all start talking about their stories and memories I go silent, there’s nothing for me to talk about. Weirdly enough though, I also never get into arguments with them, but they occasionally argue with each other, but it feels as if they don’t talk to me enough that an argument would ever happen. It’s why I feel like I’m a spectator. I’m not completely unaware of these people but yet I’m not included and it’s almost like they never notice I’m there. I can go silent for hours and they’ll never say a thing. It makes me feel like I’m everyone’s last resort, they’ll all talk to each other and hangout with each other and I’m the last person they’d think to ask. I’ve been told before by some that they don’t include me in things because they think I don’t wanna hangout with other people or because they think I’ll just turn them down, but I’ve never even been given the chance for me to give people that impression. But because I don’t get included in things, nobody else wants to include me either because they see that I don’t do anything with anyone and they assume it’s by choice. I’m stuck in a loop of being excluded from everything. I don’t have anyone I’m close to because of it, this is the only place I have to share my thoughts anymore. The only thing keeping me here anymore is the fact that I don’t want to hurt my family but I think my desire to disappear from this planet is starting to outweigh the hurt my parents would feel from it.