I want to go for a long driveI'm at a loss for what to do now, so I came to reddit for help. 

I apologize for how long this post will be, but I'm desperate for advice.

I moved from Arizona to Alaska after the first week of grade 7. I lived in Arizona for 12 years, so leaving the state was difficult for me. I went to school in a small county and was only use to one set of people. I was very uneducated and thought my peers were the only people I'd ever be surrounded by, and man, was I wrong. Moving took a toll on my mental health and I began to have anxiety to start going to a new school (pretty normal), but the anxiety has continued with me for 5 years. I didn't make any friends through grade 7 and 8, and I started digging myself a hole into depression. I'm not sure what sparked it, maybe my hormones changed as I aged. 

Fast forward a little bit and I met a boy freshman year in March. We dated through the end of freshman year and all throughout sophomore year, but when I had decided to make my first suicide attempt, I left him in May of 2015 and attempted 3 days later. My best friend (at the time) convinced me to tell my parents that I needed help. I ended up going to a teacher that I trust and she didn't know what to do, so she called a counselor and the school principal. They asked me, "On a scale of 1-10, 1 being the least, how likely are you to commit suicide?" I told them 7 and they told me that I should've chosen 3 so they wouldn't have to call the hospital. I was really upset because my jazz band had a gig that night (one of the biggest gigs in Alaska) and my parents told me I wasn't allowed to go. I understood because I had to be processed through the hospital. The doctors gave my parents a list of counselors to call for an appointment and my mom called and scheduled me for the next week. After they released me from the hospital about 3 hours later,  I went with my parents to pick up my sister (she was in jazz band as well) and I will never forget the look on her face when my parents told her what had happened. 

When the time came for the appointment with the counselor, my mom sat down in the room with me. She continuously said, "I had no idea, she didn't tell us anything" and "All you had to do was ask for help" and "Suicide is the most selfish thing you can do" and "Suicide is a permanent solution to temporary problems" and so on. I sat in the room and just cried. When the hour was up and we had to leave, my mom told me that she didn't want me seeing the counselor anymore because she thought he'd rape me (he did nothing to signify any sort of sexual relations).

When I got home that night, my dad told me to empty out my purse to, "start new with trust." I did as he asked even though I thought it was wrong for him to invade my privacy. I had chapstick in my purse, and as it rolled out onto the table, he asked me, "is that for blowjobs?" I was offended because I wanted nothing sexual in my life and I hadn't done anything. We walked downstairs by the pellet stove and he asked me if he needed to get rid of his guns to make the house a safe zone. (We live in Alaska where concealed carry is a thing and we have around 75 guns piled into a safe). I told him that there's no need to (I didn't want to be a burden to worry about) and he told me, "You don't have to lie about being suicidal so people will love you." That hurt me more than anything. Since then, I haven't been back to any other counseling sessions and they haven't asked me about my mental health.  

Fast forward again and my ex boyfriend and I parted ways all throughout junior year until around the last week of school, but I told myself not to get involved because he was switching schools and it was going to be senior year. I ended up getting involved and we began dating in May of 2017. We've had problems and time apart is really hurting us (see my last post if you would like). I've tried talking to him about switching schools, but he refuses, which is understandable. Girls from his school have been posting about him on this social media app about how "no other guys compare to him." The app lets them be anonymous so I can't do much about it, but it's been really bugging me. His parents won't let him switch to my school and I can't switch to his because I already have senior photos submitted and my cap and gown ordered. 

I haven't been doing well in school so I'm grounded Monday-Friday, but let me tell you, my lack of motivation is increasing as the days go on. I have plans for my life with my boyfriend and I have money set out and a house ready for us once I receive my diploma (my grandparents have a house that's for any of the family members that are struggling and need a place to stay). The only problem is that I don't want to be here. I don't want to fulfill my plans and move on with life. I want to end everything and be at peace with myself. There's a ridge about 50 miles away from where I live and that's where I want to go. I went there a few days ago to contemplate whether or not I wanted to jump but I hesitated. I told my best friend (a new guy) that I was there for the scenery but he had a feeling deep in his gut that that's not the reason why I was there. It's not hard to figure out, it's pretty obvious. Talking about this is starting to make me go numb and wonder why I really want to die, so maybe I'll update it later on when I can think. And for those who have actually read this all the way through, thank you so much, you go appreciated. 'till next time. 