I'm am so fucking tired of living.

Every. Single. Goddamn day I wake up after my 3-5 hours of sleep ready to die! The only solace I get is using my dab pen constantly to forget about the cesspool of emotions that my brain contains. I don't think i've been sober since July 8th, but who the hell remembers! I certainly don't. I only go to half my classes, and I barely feel the motivation to do homework anymore. It's the same routine every day. Wake up. Go to school/work. Come home. Stay awake for endless hours because you think about how many times you've embarrassed yourself in front of people. How many times you've been a burden. How many people you've hurt. I've tried for so long to be happy. I took 90 prescribed sleeping pills 2 years ago to try and end it all.

Sadly, it didn't work. I can't even kill myself right.

I bullshitted my way out of therapy and psychiatry. All I said was "Yea I'm ok :)" and they believed it. Only reason I wanted out is because therapy doesn't work for me. Talking about my problems won't make them go away. There's nothing you can say to me that will make my father stop hating me. There's nothing you can say to take back all of the years of abuse. I can't get over it. If i'm not good enough for the man who fucking created me, a deadbeat alcoholic, then whats the point? I don't have enough willpower to kill myself. I'm afraid if I survive another attempt I'll never get out of therapy. 

Work is hell. School is hell. Home is depressing as fuck.

But I should be fine right? I have enough money from my job to pay off community college, I just got a boyfriend who cares about me, and I'm passing all my classes. So what should I even be worrying about?

Good things never last for me. Every boyfriend i've had shows their psycho side eventually. I'm really trying this time with him. I want to trust him. I want to let my guard down. I just can't. I've done that too many times and got my heart broken. I'm done.

I usually only eat one meal a day now. Antidepressants don't help with anything.

Anyways the only reason i'm posting this here is because my friends are tired of hearing about my problems.