I'm at a crossroad.I'm a recovering drug addict. Currently I've been clean for a year now I was addicted to painkillers for two years from my junior year of high school to my first year of college. The drugs helped me cope with my depression and my suicidal tendencies. Then I meet this girls she was wonderful I loved her she loved me and honestly she treated me better than anyone I had ever met. She wanted to be with me on one condition I get clean. So I did I had one slip up last January but I promised myself that would be it. Everything went just fine from then on out did we have our little fights? Of course every couple does but nothing too serious. But after a while things started to change with me I started craving the drugs more often and my depression started to get worst and worst to the point where I didn't know if I was going to life through that day. I would look at myself in the mirror and not recognize the person. My Relationship has also been getting worst her telling me I need to change and I'm not good as the person I am. I understand i'm not perfect i've never tried to come off as that but how am I supposed to be perfect she is constantly criticizing me for everything I do while when I ask her if she could change the way she talks or if she could try to be a little less controlling to me she gets angry at me telling me she done nothing wrong and shes a chill girlfriend. Shes started telling me that she dosen't know if she loves me anymore and that scares me. I cant turn to her for talking about my feelings because she just gets angry at me. I cant turn to my friends because every time I try to bring something up I feel like i'm bothering them. It feels like they don't care whether i'm there or not and i'm just a background character. Recently something has happened This girl I used to know has reappeared back in my life I remember back in the day me and her were very close and I had the biggest crush on her. The thing is its still there we talked talking about how its been. I want her to be back in my life the only problem is shes really big into drugs and so was I back then. I've thought about not only going back to her but the drugs. So brings me back to the present and i'm at a crossroads do I continue with the girl that used to make me happy. The girl I cant stop thinking about or do I just go back to doing drugs alone. Or my other thought do I just kill myself to end it all I'm not sure what to do or where to go this is basically my last attempt of any communication with anyone I don't know if i want to keep living the thought of ending it all goes through my mind everyday.