is it considered suicide if its through use of drugs and alcoholIm 25 by the way. A new year hey. I didnt even know what to think at the start of this year.

I am one of those cowardly people who mask their severe inner pain by taking unnecessary amounts of drugs. 

I have abused weed since 14, smoking it every single day nearly since I started, and in recent years probably having 10+ spliffs per day. Then starting alcohol at 22, very quickly went up to having 1 litre of whiskey per day. Currently still drinking, and haven't gone many days without drink since I started. 

Currently its been 9 months since I had a day without any drink.

Since august 2018, I started ketamine (ontop of the drinking and weed). Then, a month later, cocaine - and that was it -!  since abusing cocaine, or from the moment I started really, it switched me on, and my over-the-top ritualistic way of taking any enjoyaable substance and abusing it Reallyy had its chance to shine after I started cocaine. In the last year ive overdosed over 20 times, been in hospital over 7 times, a paramedic had to wrestle a knife off of me to stop me stabing myself - i went to rehab, lost 2 girlfriends, lost 2 good jobs, lost nearly all my friends and made my own family hate me for how selfish ive been. Ive done crack with homeless people, speed, ether, anything I can get my hands on.

So many endless nights have I laid down shaking and literally feeling like I am about to die, certain of it at times. One day at christmas 2019 i actually started the day on coke as I had got paid, by 11AM had done 3grams and a few spliffs and a few beers. - ended up going delusional and by 1am I had done over 11 grams (11 grams??) ontop of doing about 4 grams of speed - by this point 40+ units of alcohol, many many spliffs, and no food. I physically remember it being the worst feeling ever because I couldnt speak properly or at all, and couldn't understand anything either. 

...... I guess im saying all this and explaining in this way to show that yes I am a real idiot, and so many times I shouldve died, and yet I would happily go and do the drugs again, if I had the money - im sure i would be dead from it by now. Im not even looking for help from family and friends anymore as ive already had help and eventually realised that its up to me in the end, and I dont seem to actualyl want to stop,  or I would, so at the moment I continue to abuse everything and anything I can, every second night feeling like I will die again. 

so I wonder, am i currently commiting suicide if I am doing these things knowingly and without wanting help ? - Your gonna say its only me that knows  -but when I think about it myself, I dont really want to die, but I also would really rather not EVER stop seriously abusing any drug that makes me happy - so what the fuck right?