Goodbyes.To Reddit, I'll do it. Am I scared? Of course. Will it be worth it? I don't know. I am so tired. None of you will give a shit. It will make no difference to you. Thanks to those who once helped, and fuck you to those who just told me to just takes some fucking meds already.

To my abuser, you ruined my life. I hate you and I hate myself because of what you did to me. 

To G, I know why you did it now. I get it. I understand. I don't blame you for it because I will be taking the same actions as you now. I know what it did to people. It hurt me and your family and friends, but I know now that you are in peace. And soon I will be peaceful too.

To my lover, I love you so much and I am so sorry for what my death will put you through. But I hope you can forgive me and realize that I am not in pain any more. I can't keep bringing you down. It isn't fair to you. You deserve better. 

To my parents, I am so sorry. It will be hard to lose a child. Know that I love you and I am in peace. I am where I want. To my sister, I am sorry we didn't get the chance to have a relationship. I wish things would have gone differently, but they are what they are. Know that I still love you.

To society, fuck you. I hate you. I hate those of you who used me, trampled on me, and maliciously hurt me with the intention to cause harm. I know what you really are. In fact, I have spent 4 years studying you! Know that I know what society is truly like, I hate it. I don't want to be a part of it. You are so judgemental, selfish, unforgiving, and sexist. I hate you.

To myself, I am sorry. But I hate what you have become. It should have gone differently. It's not fair what you went through. You were unlucky. I wish you could have gotten better, but you didn't. I hurt because you are in so much pain. It has driven you to insanity. You hate yourself. You did this. You dug your grave, no it is time to lie in it.

Goodbye everyone.

****UPDATE*** So I went for a walk. Got back to my apartment. Saw my car, and drove 4 hours west to another province. I don't know why. But I think I will just chill here for a bit and get drunk alone.