I am losing the one thing keeping my life in checkAnd that "thing" is my girlfriend. I am extremely attached to her. She came into my life a year after I lost my mother and I did not have a father prior to that so I've been an orphan living with my grandparents for 6 years. I am 21 now. I was (mostly) on and off with my gf through out all that time. Right now she does not want to be with me at any cost and I asked her to stay a few more days with me because I feel like I will explode. She used to be really manipulative when we first started dating which resulted in me developing a highly obsessive behavior which can be a pain in the ass for anyone. Now she is no longer like that, she grew up basically, but my attitude still remains which resulted in her not wanting to be with me anymore, which is the shortest way i can explain our relation overall. I tried to tell her that I will change but it's not working, even though I am REALLY TRYING, i need to learn to cool off when something makes me nervous out of nowhere, I can't control it. These few days will be a nightmare because I keep thinking of being unable to continue living without her, but breaking up right now would be even worse. I finally got a job for myself and started to actually have money to buy my own food and help at home but now I can't even focus on that anymore an I don't know how to cope with life. I know it's extremely selfish of me to even ask her to prolong our break up as it will be torture for her as well. I really do not know what to do moving forward, everything is suddenly falling apart... I have no where to resort to, my friends can't understand me.. I am crying all the time and I don't see any light. This is why I am writing here, for some it may some like everyday teenage drama. I used to be fine when we used to break up at times, but now it is very different, I don't know why. I'm sorry I just need somewhere to say all this and get help if possible, I really need it and I don't know how to properly transfer my emotions into this text so you can fully understand me. I am crying like a little girl in my bed and I can't fall asleep.. I don't even know how will I be able to even get out of bed tomorrow.