Life SucksI lost my dad at age 13. My mom never showed any affection towards me or any of my siblings. She never really talked to us or ask us how our life was going. It was hard for me to show any affection to anyone or I didn’t know how to accept affection from people. In school I had no friends because I was socially awkward and had really bad anxiety. I didn’t make any friends until I was a sophomore in high school, but they were always guys. I never had girl friends. I had a lot of acne and it made me very self conscious but somehow I still managed to attract some people. During high school I slept with 5 different guys because I thought it was true love but nope. 2 months after I graduated I went to my best guy friends house since I was gonna move for college in about a week. I ended up getting really high and drunk because normally we would do that and just sit outside the house and watch the stars at night but this time him and his friend watched me get all drunk and high by myself. I remember puking on my shirt and he tried to take my clothes off and he was telling me it was ok and I just started crying because I couldn’t really think. I was sobbing and told him I wanted to go home but he told me I couldn’t drive. I felt too dizzy and tired it was as if I were dreaming my sight was going blank. He ended up taking all my clothes off and started fingering me and I tried to cover myself but I felt to weak because i couldn’t really move my body I even told him to stop but he just kept going I remember he ended up getting on top of me and basically raping me. His friend was still in the room because I heard him talking and I could see a phone flashing. His friend did nothing to stop him from doing that to me and I just thought it was sad because his friend has a daughter and how would he feel if someone did that to her. I was still a bit conscious but it was as if only my eyes could move I was too tired and just wanted to sleep but I wanted to get out of there. I remember waking up but still feeling dizzy I started crying again and asked why he took all my clothes off and he said he did it because I puked all over myself and he just put it to wash. I saw that my pants and underwear were still on the bed so I put those on and quickly left his house. I live 5 minutes away from him so I didn’t care if I was shirtless. It was 5 in the morning and it was still dark outside. My family was sleeping they didn’t notice when I got there so I hid my pants since they did have puke on them and smelled like alcohol. I pretended I was asleep and I remember just crying and shaking because I couldn’t believe what just happened. I waited for my mom and step dad to go to work so that I could take a shower. I cried in the shower and just wanted to go and kill the guy that did that to me. I was so upset. He ended up texting me and telling me that it was an accident and they we had sex together. He was trying to make it seem like I THOUGHT IT WAS OK. I told him that if he ever had any contact with me I would call the fucking cops on him and after that we never spoke. Never told anyone about what happened because I was embarrassed. I wanted to tell my older sister so bad but I thought of all the consequences and decided to keep quiet for 2 years. Anyways my life sucks because in my family I’m the failure. All my siblings and cousins became successful and have their own houses and brand new cars and some even have their own little family now and then there’s me. I have nothing. I’m about to be 20 and still work part time at a retail job because I dropped out of college. Every guy I’ve been with never wants anything serious       I go home everyday to be reminded about how I’m a failure and other shit by my step dad and my mom doesn’t say shit to remind me. I don’t even have friends anymore. None of my siblings talk to me because they think I’m a loser but they don’t realize how alone I am. I’ve always wanted someone to express my feeling to but no one wants to talk to me. I can’t even express what I feel to my mom because she just ends up talking about god and how he will listen but I’ve tried and nothing. I feel hopeless. I see everyone with family or friends and all I do is go to work come home and lay in bed for the rest of the day until I have to wake up for work tomorrow.