I've been accused of sexual assault on social mediaFor background information, there are two girls in this story, and I'll refer to each as girl A and girl B. Girl A and girl B are friends.

This event took place almost 2 and a half years ago, during my time in college. Girl A was a girl that I was talking to (almost got to the point of dating) for about a month before this incident. Nothing really bad happened between the two of us until this night, when I noticed some distance and tension and realized that something wasn't right. I wanted to talk to girl A to set things straight, but she kept ignoring my calls and I became frustrated, drank, and genuinely wanted to talk it out with her before heading home.

I get to her apartment building while trying to contact her, and got locked out of the apartment for a while, and got frustrated so I tried to open the door multiple times but it wouldn't budge. Finally, someone walked in and I followed and I went to her apartment, and knocked. Her roommate recognized me and opened the door, and I walked in and went to Girl A's room, to find her with another guy in bed (they weren't doing anything). I storm out, we exchange a couple of words, and I'm pretty broken and sit in the hallway crying, etc.

Now it's probably around 2am, and I contact Girl B because she lives in the same apartment as Girl A and as someone who knows both of us, I thought I could confide in Girl B about what just happened with Girl A. We go to a 24/7 coffee shop, talk for a bit, and she gives me the option to stay at her place for the night. She allows me to stay in her bed, and we lay next to each other. *\[Now to give some context, about a month prior to this incident, Girl A, Girl B, a guy friend, and I all went out once, and it was pretty obvious to me that Girl B was trying to talk / hit on me, etc. Nothing happened that night, but instead, Girl A and I ended up just spending the night talking.\]* With what I just went through, I tried to make a move, lean in for a kiss. She backed away, saying "no we should just stay friends". I ask verbally 1-2 more times, and still get a no, so I put my hands to the side (and I remember this so vividly), and eventually fall asleep. I did not grope her or touch her in any private areas, kiss her, and though I leaned in for a kiss, I did not end up doing anything physical beyond leaning in and putting my arm around her.

The next morning, everything seemed fine and she moved out to the living room couch at some point in the night. I said goodbye, but didn't notice anything. Later in the day, I get a barrage of texts from Girl A about me "breaking into" her apartment and sexually assaulting her friend, Girl B. I then get more texts from Girl B about sexual assault, along with Girl A's ex boyfriend texting me the same as well. I apologize, even before they start threatening me about reporting me to the local police department (which they eventually do), and I start to break down, both because I felt guilty for what I did and because they kept threatening me to press charges. Girl B texts me to stop contacting her ever again.

The next couple of days I remember wearing caps and hoodies because I felt like the whole world was watching me. I've constantly felt as though I'm a predator, a monster, and a sexual abuser and at the peak of the #metoo movement, I begin to read about people's experiences being abused. Everything that happened was extremely hard for me to live with, and I feel extremely guilty for what happened. 

There was a lot of guilt built up, and a couple of months after this incident, I try to make amends with myself by reevaluating every sexual relationship I've had with women in the past, reaching out to them to say sorry for any unintended or unknown pain that I may have caused them, and telling my story to close friends to try and process the situation. I realize that the only thing I can do is to admit that I messed up, try to focus on myself, and work on preventing things like this from happening to anyone within my circle of influence moving forward (how I treat girls moving forward, and getting involved, whether that's donating to an organization or working/volunteering with one).

Fast forward to a couple of days ago, and Girl B accuses me of sexual assault on social media, calling me out, saying I groped her, towered over her, and even almost busted her head in the process, while Girl A accuses me of breaking into her apartment on social media as well. I'm not trying to undermine the experience and trauma that this girl has gone through— but I don't know what to do about the exaggeration and false characterization of the events. It makes things worse, because I already feel awful and guilty for what I've done, and there are some days when I really can't live with myself and just break down. Is there anything I can do/What can I do?