Anybody else just over it all?I am 45 and have been fighting off suicidal ideation for the better part of 30 years. I even started seeing a therapist and I swear, she's only made things worse. She refuses to give me any antidepressants or help for my crippling anxiety or PTSD. She is condescending and seriously pulled up Google last week during our appt to tell me how to best help my fibromyalgia and anxiety. I almost walked out right then. So on that end, yes, she's gone...finding a new therapist who doesn't suck, but between the chronic fatigue and pain, and the financial difficulties we are facing, I just feel like 45 years was good enough and I would have no qualms with saying goodbye.

Main reason I continue to stick it out is my two adult sons and my husband of 24 years. I know when I've told my spouse about my depression, he just says he'll hate me if I commit suicide. It's rather funny, in a black humor sort of way, as I'll be dead, so why will that really matter? Truth is, I have a life insurance policy that isn't much, but would at least give my husband and boys some money to start a new life. I am sure to pay it every month and have had the policy for over 15 years, so well past any suicide clause. Because of my COPD, depression, fibromyalgia, and other health problems, I cannot up the policy or start a new one as I am ALWAYS denied. 

I do work 40+ hours a week and while I like my job, I have 20 years until I can retire with a pension. 20 more years of this life is unbearable and there is no way I will hold on that long. I am a victim services officer and the coordinator for the entire county I live in. The work should be something that stops me from feeling suicidal....I.know...but it doesn't. In fact, often times, helping victims of sexual assault and extreme violence just triggers my own PTSD. 

I have been reading through some of the posts I see here and while I think many of you are amazingly kind for your words of hope and your willingness to reach out to help, that is not really what I am looking for. I just want to know what some other coping skills maybe some of you have tried. I feel like I have tried everything and have run out of options for continuing to keep up this facade of loving life. I don't love life, and every morning that I wake up, I wish more than anything that I hadnt. 

The depression is just too much to bear and no doctors are even willing to try any antidepressants or anti anxiety medication for me. Even my quack therapist tells me I'm just negative and don't need medication. She doesn't have any idea how close to commiting suicide I am....and she would just tell me suicide won't solve anything. However, as anyone of you who has ever felt suicidal knows, that is not true and often times, when one is suicidal, they have a damn good reason to be and their thoughts are extremely valid and deserve to be heard and respected. So any options for trying to us in a better outlook on life is welcome, but please, I am not here for sympathy or anything like that. I just want to feel certain that I really have given life a fair chance before I end my own. Also, I am not religious, in fact, I hate God and could list a million reasons why and with all due respect, I want to hear nothing about God. Thanks in advance for your thoughts and know I don't sit online, so may not respond for a while and do.t want anyone freaking out or thinking I am being rude by not responding right away.