I feel like my suicide is inevitable and that nothing, not even future success can stop it.(last few paragraphs has the main point, but this is most of the recent story, but I would appreciate if you took the time to read at least the first half) I have been depressed for a very long time...... probably since 7th grade, and I have had feelings of saying "I hate myself" for even longer, starting in like 1st grade. I am 18 years old now. When I was very young and more ignorant, innocent, and naive the thoughts would be very rare, but I still said from time to time "I hate myself". I would sometimes say it out loud with no control if I was alone. Thank god I had enough control to not say it around people randomly. All my entire life I have done nothing but play video games while occasionally hanging out with friends. No sports, no lifting, no hobbies. I feel like my life experience compared to other people my age is that of a 10 year old child.

But when the world started falling into place for my mind the thoughts became more frequent. Instead of once every two months it's now once every few days or even every single day. 

I am male and have had SOME but very little success with women. Basically my ex left her other ex boyfriend of 2 years for me while I liked her, and she didn't even know my feelings yet. I thought some higher power intervened even though I was and still am a atheist. We dated for two and a half months, she took my virginity, then two weeks later she left me and got with her co-worker the same day. 

This was a year and some months ago. I hate her some days and blame her for making me worse than I was before, and others I blame only myself and go "No wonder she left a useless POS like me". She never gave me a reason besides "she just didn't think it would work out". The other guy is uglier, racist (called me the N word with the hard ER and i'm part black), and told this one girl "I hope your dad does a good job at beating you" when it came to her abusive father when she made him angry one day. Her excuse for him was "well he just has a temper and doesn't always think before he speaks. he's not really racist!" Fuck you M. I won't type your name but I hope you read this. I tried to forgive but I am just not strong enough. I have said "I forgive you" out loud but I know I am just lying to myself and I eventually go back to hating and blaming her, and then myself. "Why did she stop loving me?" is the question that I have asked and was never given answer to.

 How can I be THIS broken over a two month relationship when others have been married for 20 years and divorced? If I went insane for a day and stayed depressed for a year afterwards from this.....how would my weak ass fare in the future? The divorce rates are too high for me to risk marriage. I thought it got better since in the few months after, I would think of death and smile. Then I just stopped thinking about it, but now its coming back. Whenever I do deep thinking about the relationship I start to cry. I only remember everything bad, if I remember the good parts it just makes it worse since I start believing it was a my fault.

If I were to type out a list detailing every reason why I hate myself, this post would be a highschool essay with multiple pages. It's already long and I don't want to burden you with much more since you probably have your reply thought up already. The breakup is only the icing on a horrible cake. I don't even have the energy to hang out with my friends anymore. I don't want to take anti-depressants. I am still a worthless POS with chemicals  in my body preventing me from being depressed, what would change? Eventually I would stop taking them and everything would come crashing back down with me realizing I need drugs to be happy.

It may not be tomorrow, next month, or even next year. But eventually I will go "enough is enough" and I will do it. Why try to get another girlfriend or become the pilot I want to be when i'm just going to kill myself anyway? I wanted to before I met her, while I was with her, and especially after being with her.