Umm so yeahIdk what I'm doing tbh, I'm not gonna kill myself I just wanted a place to talk about suicide.

I want to die. Like genuinely. I don't want to get better, I don't want the other side, I want to be dead. But I don't wanna regret it yknow? It seems so fuckin perfect. Like I can't fuck up once I'm dead. Nobody has to put up with me once I'm dead. I can't keep hurting people once I'm dead. Like, it's peaceful. Better for everyone in the long run.

I find myself pushing everyone away, thinking that they'll eventually stop caring, but instead I end up hurting them. Ideally, everyone would just stop giving a shit, then id have no guilt. I think about ways I could go, but I don't want to effect anyone that finds my body. I live near a train track, perhaps that would be good? It'll fuck me up so bad maybe they won't even realise I was a person. Although I usually think I'd drink a shit tonne, then od on something. Haven't quite figured out what. I take comfort in knowing that suicide is always an option. I could choose to make everything better, but instead I insist on punishing myself and those around me. I can't decide if I'm worthy of the escape, tbh. Like, I'm a shitty person so maybe I deserve to suffer by being alive. Or perhaps life is so good that I don't deserve to be alive. It often feels like every good thing in my life I turn into a way to hurt myself. I am a toxic person, I do not understand why people still care. Make it stop... God please make it stop. I've even turned therapy into a way to emotionally abuse myself. I was supposed to get meds, but im 15 so they won't prescribe any. At this point I'm sick of trying. I'm so fucking tired of not getting better. I'm so fucking sick of living. Nothing feels worth it. We're all gonna die one day anyway? I suppose the dilemma comes down to whether or not I think life is a blessing, and I guess that's a difficult question to answer for anybody, not just someone who wants to die.  

It doesn't hurt me to know that the world would be better without me in it. In fact, only a tiny fraction of the population would know. This is why I don't like people telling me the world is better with me in it. Its not, I know it's not. I'm fine with that. Say I continue to live and it wasn't worth it? I've just wasted peoples time, their effort. Its not going to be worth it.

There's truly very little I care about. And I certainly don't care about myself. Sure I want everyone to be okay, like I don't want anything bad to happen to anyone, but I don't care enough to sit and listen to people or help them? Like, if I car was going to hit someone, I'd switch places. Perhaps not to save them, but more to kill myself, but I don't exactly want them to die either. I suppose it's just easier to go out in a horrific accident than have suicide attached to my name forever, maybe more dignified?

All I really wanted was peace, and I can't have that because everything is blurry and loud. I'm void of any coping at it feels like it will kill me. If you think about it really, there's not much of a downside? Aside from the stigma, and potentially hurting people. But that's inevitable, they'll get over it. That's what happens, people move on. 

I guess I'm not sure the point in writing this, I don't want pity, I'm not sure anything anybody says is gonna change it, yknow? Such as life. I think I'm just gathering my thoughts. I don't know how to not feel like this. Its getting more difficult to do anything, and in all honesty, I don't know how much longer before it kills me. In afraid I don't know what that means. The only thing I'm really sure of is that I can't be here. I don't really know. I need a break but I don't think any amount of time will ever be long enough.