I can't stand society.Male. Age 21.

I don't want to participate in it. I hear people go, I couldn't imagine being retired, I'd go insane from the boredom! And I think they're insane already. If I could live the next 50+ years of my life never stepping outside save for going out to buy food, I would be content. A studio apartment, no car. Whatever. Call me a minimalist.

I'm very physically weak and trying to perform basic, minimum wage physical labor is hellish enough for me both physically, emotionally and mentally. Spending 8 hours of my day, up to 5 days a week, doing that is just as bad to me as the physical exhaustion of doing so. I've had a few jobs--working on a factory line, working at a hotel, working at a grocery store. Always equally hellish.

I'd like to be an English teacher. It's something I've always been skilled at and everything I've done in life only bolstered my skill in the language more. Particularly English Literature, as I'd rather discuss that than teach our incredibly messy language. But I just can't put up with all of the crap to get there. Even at a teachers college it sounds like I'll have to do a bunch of unrelated bullshit to get where I want to be. You only need to know enough Math to pay your taxes, why the fuck are the first two years of College 'general education' instead of what I actually want and need to fucking learn for the only job that I feel like I can be happy with?

I just want to be alone, and not in some BS emo or depressive way. If I meet some woman who makes me want to try harder at life, fine, cross that bridge when I come to it. But I wanted to be a writer and you just can't make a living that way for sure. There's plenty of crap that becomes incredibly popular and there's plenty of good writing that gets passed over.

I find myself wishing that my parents would die so I could inherit their money, especially as I know I'm the sole recipient of my dad's will. I feel like living as a minimalist I could live for a damn long time off a few hundred grand, which was the estimation I was given. But every job opportunity I've ever seen is something that makes me suicidal the whole time I have it. The idea of being called in at any time, the idea of a job that I hate in every way someone can hate something coming up on every day that I know it's coming on.

Probably the only reasons I haven't killed myself is I lack the means or the guts. I'm pretty indifferent to how it would affect my family. I've never really cared about them, though my friends have told me multiple times I'm most definitely not a sociopath, I don't know what to call it. I /choose/ who I want to feel that way about, life doesn't choose that for me. I have close friends and everything. It doesn't help, though, that the older generation generally refuses to admit that the economy is even harder on my generation than it was on theirs. 

I'm going to counseling on Wednesday, first time. But nobody is going to convince me that I'm seeing life in some 'wrong' way. They can't offer me solutions. It's not some emotional or depression problem, I would just literally rather die and would take a painless way out if given it than go through the bullshit I need to to get to a place that wouldn't be so painful.

The only stress in my life is what I said: The shadow hanging over me of 'life'. I don't want to have to participate in it against my will. I just want food, a bed, the ability to write. You know, electricity and maybe running water. I don't care about having a car, a big house, decorations or any of that bullshit. Missing out on everything else 'life has to offer' is something I would trade in a heartbeat for that stability. I've had thoughts a few times about if they'd allow me to write in an asylum, at least then I wouldn't be expected to go anywhere.

I don't particularly want to die but I just can't do this.