Suicide staged as accidental death (parenteral alienation)I've been really struggling lately. I don't think I realized just how much I've been struggling till I admitted my deeper thoughts about my situation. I've been considering staging a suicide as an accidental death to prevent any pain on any of the people I love. So they will never know I actually did it and just think it was a freak accident or say me driving off a bridge out in the middle of nowhere late at night with some alcohol in my system. They cops would just chop it up to drinking an driving (accidents happen).  


I have been separated from my daughter after a divorce where I am guilty of many mistakes. I have owned those mistakes, but not all the mistakes were mine. I also don't think any of those mistakes should be reasons or justifications to deprive me of my daughter through parenteral alienation not from parent to child, but from parent to parent. There is almost no resources about early age parenteral alienation when done by extreme character sabotage from parent to parent making it so I fully withdrew from contact with my ex due to extreme emotional abuse especially in regard to me being a father.   


I feel like I'm grieving the loss of my daughter every single day. It feels like she's dead to me. I wake up every day thinking that she is no longer alive to me. I think of all the things I'm missing how she is growing up without me. I imagine a life where she is alive to me and I feel the loss all over again. What's even worse is to know that she is actually alive and the realization that I'm a coward it's to much to bear. My ex I believe is also trying to replace me with her own father trying to turn my daughters maternal grandfather into her father.  


I want to just kill myself every single day when I think about this. I have one more class left and I will finally graduate college. I have a very hard degree, and part of me has been thinking I will kill myself after I graduate as a final fuck you to everyone that ever doubted me.

&amp;#x200B;

Everyone loves to tell me my daughter needs me, but I don't feel like she does. Every single day I slowly feel like it's fading away. I worry what it will do to her when she becomes a teenager and asks her mother where I live and how heart broken and hurt she will feel when she realizes I'm just a sort drive away. She will demand answers that I won't be able to give her.   


I also know that if she knows I killed myself it will greatly affect her, but if I just die in a freak accident she will be able to truly grieve me and move on with her life. Yes there will be pain, but there won't be the type of pain that comes from your father committing suicide or a father that was pushed out by the mother and made to look like they don't care about you at all. Except a part of me would want to leave her a letter so she knows just how much I care about her and why I really did it. Except that would mean I would have to include someone I trusted to keep it secret and only give it to her if she ever came asking for questions. I feel so self even wanting to do that because of all the unexpected pain that would cause.  


Has everyone ever thought about staging your suicide to look like an accident?