It was all good 10 days ago.For the past 2 days I've had pretty severe suicidal thoughts. If there was another way to end the pain then I would gladly go that route however suicide deemed like the best option at the time. I have a physical condition that drastically reduces my quality of life. I've been living with it for +4 years now and every year it feels harder to exist. The most annoying thing is I had a life I enjoyed prior to this diagnosis so in a way it still feels as though I had my life taken away from me overnight. Whenever I spend time thinking about it  I typically fall into a saddened state because it effect's me 24/7. I'm not in physical pain at all but it's something I'm stuck with from the moment I wake up to the moment I fall asleep. I've noticed keeping myself busy with work and hobbies keep me 'distracted' enough not to go into deep thought about my condition. 

About a week ago my supervisor lets me know work is slow this month due to the time of the year. Not the best news as I can't just work anywhere due to my condition. All this meant was more days off work and an unscheduled rota. On the surface not that big of a deal however my routine has gone out the window. The same week I get injured without knowing exactly how effecting my ability to workout which is one of my main hobbies. The timing couldn't be anymore worse. Before I know it I'm turning to food &amp; porn to sooth myself. I spent way more than necessary on fast food totally abusing my body. I'm quite health conscious so this huge influx of extra overly processed food has a number on me. I still feel a night and day difference. 

So here I am. Medically compromised, injured, inflammed &amp; bloated, wasting money, watching porn and stuck with too much time on my hands. It all came to a head yesterday and the day before that tbh. For the past 2 days I've been off work and sat with myself contemplating how inadequate my condition makes me. This is the crux of me feeling so sad. I just wanted the pain to go away. I don't want to kill myself but I'm not left with options.

For the non religious people, feel free to stop reading however this is part of my story. I am Christian so since my diagnosis I've had this background annoyance towards God for making me this way. I don't know why He did it and I'm still waiting for answers. Yesterday I made a playlist of YouTube videos on Christians going through depression and suicidal thoughts and slowly but surely after hours of watching and eventually reading a few Bible verses, I felt a little encouraged. Like all hope isn't completely lost. I can try doing life again tomorrow right? 

Well this morning I literally wake up to a phone call about a new job. Similar in nature. Completely unexpected. New job or no new job the dark cloud that I felt was stuck over my head is gone. I'm actually going to clean my room now. That heaviness weighing me down is lifted. I feel optimistic and positive once again. God never abandoned me. Oh and my injury has significantly healed and I'll back to working out real soon. My appetite is returning to normal and I don't have the desire to over indulge and abuse my body with food. Also haven't watched porn or had the urge to for 2 days. 

About 10 days ago I felt great, then all of this happened. I was willing to take my own life. I'm thinking to myself -- imagine if I did end it? I would've never known I wasn't stuck there permanently. All my problems aren't now solved but I feel I have the a lot more juice in the tank to endure for however long and find some meaning in this point in time. After going through that I believe I'm a warrior and I'm not ready to quit on myself just yet. 

Please hold on. You're more resilient than you think.