





























I have dug myself into some shit, and I see no way out. I need help to see things a bit clearer.















I am so fucked and I see no way out. I need help to see my sitaution clearer. Help?






Hiya. So, Im not gonna try not to make a wall of text but if I know myself right i probably will anyway. 

I dont want to mope about my life being all shitty because it only makes me feel worse, so just a short story: been abused since kid, been suicidal and depressed since early teens, failed school, tried offing myself couple of times, got some "help", tried therapy, tried medication, have had about 8 jobs last 2 years and with all of them i have fucked up in some way leaving me jobless again. 21 years old now and fucking desperate as fuck. 

So i have no income, cant collect benefits so thats no option, but the big issue is this: i have absolutely NO MONEY LEFT (and i really mean nothin) but i have bills that are way overdue, i have about 2500 dollars in debt, im going to be homeless in 2 months due to lease ending but wont matter since im going to be starved to death by then (no money for food). 

My family despise me and consider me the big black sheep in the family so I wont get help from them, I have no friends left so I cant live off anybody else either. Im heavily, heavily depressed and been for years, and ive tried for years to get help from the system but nothing works. I know you gonna say "ur only 21 give it more time things will work out" - but no, its not gonna work out. What future do I have? Honestly? I have no education; and i cant get one either because I lack basic school subjects which I cant get unless somehow i find a way to support myself (ive already tried taking online courses and working at the same time, drove me crazy and got both sacked and failed the courses so that didnt go very well at all)

I just dont see how I can paint myself out of this corner, with no money and no real way to get it either. I see like 2 options. 1) actually kill myself 2) attempt to kill myself and fail when food runs out so i can get hospitalized and get food and housing from there. But with option 2, what do I do when they dont want to be responsible for me any longer and they ship me off with nowhere to go? And I still have debts crawling up my ass, people, companies and goverments demanding money ASAP. But its like, I dont have any money, so what you gonna do? Take all my assets? Yeah, go ahead, its not much to take. I have nothing in my name except a bed, desk and a computer. And some dishes and glasses, clothes and forks (you get it).. but then i will get bad credit as fuck and that will haunt me for years causing me to not get loans or whatever so that will fuck my future up [well what future LOL]. Is there something else i can do? Really? Should i just sell of anything i have (i think i can get like 300 dollars or something if i sell everything) and just pack a back pack and go hiking somewhere? That'll be fun when the winter comes. I cant live like a hobo, id rather die. What the fuck do I do? How can I earn money fast as fuck without becoming a prostitute? And how do i get energy to do it either way? Its not like i have fighting spirit inside me anymore. I just have a big fucking scary phobia of dying because im fucking terrified of that specific moment when you actually *die*. I have tried before but I even fail at that. Gah, im so frustrated at everything, everyone, people are shit, life is shit, society is shit, world is shit, there is literally nothing to live for anyway, so why even bother? i could turn this into a 50 page fucking essay about why living in the first place but i feel that maybe i just need to fucking focus on how to not become a hobo right now. And I know its stupid to even come here, I dont know what im even trying to do by posting here, maybe I just want to know that someone out there would be a tiny tiny bit sad that another young person decided to take her life. Because sure as shit no one I know would give a damn. Sure, they would mourn for a day or two but then they would just think its for the best anyway. I havent had a good life so far so why would i ever manage to get myself one in the future. iM fucking hopeless, a shame for this world and it will be better off without me. So whatever, good bye. Just feels a little bit good for writing some shit off my chest, and this is my goodbye to the world. To be absolutely fucking disgustingly cheesy im gonna end it with a pink floyd song (yes, im that obnoxious.)

Goodbye cruel world 

I'm leaving you today 

Goodbye 

Goodbye
 
Goodbye
 
Goodbye all you people 

There's nothing you can say 

To make me change 

My mind 

Goodbye.