Secured my methodBeen suicidal on &amp; off for years (like 10+), always brushing it off &amp; just  uncomfortably living with crippling depression as my norm. Been drinking  too much for at least 5 years now, got sober for a few months last year but now I'm back where I had been. Last night I was home alone, got drunk &amp; finally got ahold of the method id like to use. I won't use it right away &amp; maybe I won't actually use it at all. But fuck, I'm finally feeling hopeful &amp; ready. I don't know how I can possibly  keep on keeping on. The only things that keep me going are the knowledge that it'll end some day, my son &amp; my pets. But I'm financially and emotionally unstable, &amp; that will never change, &amp; I'm sick of waking up every day to the same fucking SHITuation. It's creepy how  excited I feel to finally kill myself. I know I shouldn't &amp; maybe I  won't but things have to get better for me to hang in there &amp; I know  they won't. My husband hates me, verbally/emotionally abuses me &amp;  coerces me into sex, makes me feel guilty for not wanting it, I cry after &amp; get yelled at whether I speak up or keep quiet. I feel filthy &amp; done. My family likes him &amp; I don't want to ruin their relationship. We have a young kid together &amp; I can't imagine that I'm a good role model. Maybe it'll be better for all of them if I just remove myself sooner than later. I can't afford a good life for us.  Medical bills, vet bills, credit card bills, daycare tuition, keeping  the car running &amp; food on the table - at the end of the day we can't  even afford our own living space. we've been stuck with family since he  was born. My potential flew the coop years ago. I can't pretend to be a  good parent when I'm a broken cowardly loser. I can't even make a phone call without wanting to vomit. I just need to be gone. &amp; this is me WITH therapy and medication. They'll be sad at first but better off in the long run. This isn't the life I wanted at all. Maybe I could deal with the raging asshole husband if we at least had money, or being broke as fuck if my husband at least treated me kindly, but I can't do the  "poor bitch mooching off family while my husband abuses and belittles me" thing...it's too much. I didn't say goodbye when I left for work one day &amp; immediately got texted that I'm "a fucking bitch" &amp; he's "sick of dealing with my fucking attitude" &amp; I'd "better not wear pants tonight". I tried to carefully point out that he was putting the carseat in wrong today &amp; got snapped at, "what the fuck do you want me to do?" I tried to explain what I meant, but he shook his head and gave me the death glare &amp; I said "I'm sorry I didn't mean anything" &amp; as soon as he walked away I fixed the seat myself. I was only trying to help but I'm a fucking bitch with an attitude. He asked if I was going to sleep upstairs tonight as opposed to the couch (I sleep better alone these days) &amp; said I'd better be all his tonight. I went upstairs with a straight face &amp; got chastised for not being excited to be with him. I jerked him a bit &amp; let him fuck me &amp; came back downstairs to cry &amp; hope he doesn't call me back up. I was already  depressed before the relationship/living situation worsened but I can't cope anymore. I have a few  things I want to do &amp; I need to tie up some loose ends but I  can't wait. Once the personal things are handled I can finally pick a date. I feel like I can almost breathe (lol) &amp; I can't wait to relax forever.