Survived since July but things have taken a turnSorry if this is a bit long.  I posted here a bit of my plans a while back. I never went through with it as is apparent.

Basically in June I quit my job inn order to praise fir my suicide.  Though I didn't go through with it I haven't been seeking enjoyment either. 

My best friend accidentally found out about me quitting my job. Early November he had been trying to get ahold of me but I had no phone service or internet.  He called my previous employer asking if I was working that night and they explained I quit a few months back. He came and tried ti gave a heart to heart, but it was difficult as his narcissistic younger brother was there shifting the conversation towards himself at every opportunity. 

I felt like the bubble of isolation had popped. I reached out to a friend I had once lent $600 about possibly paying since if it back.  She came through with a 100 and some dog food ad I was worried about keeping my pup fed. I was able ti get my phone back on and saw family reaching out. My mom's youngest sister invited me over for dinner,  and I told her about my being unemployed.  She stared lettingng me know when she had extra leftovers,  and snuck me a 20 here and there. I felt bad about taking it,  but I did really need it. 

I was spending more time at my dad's house since food was fairly abundant there. They still hadn't figured out I wasnt working though. 

At the start of December my stepmom tells me she's taking her granddaughter in the next city over to a pageant.  With the panic going on it sounded like the most insane thing to do. I told her it was a completely unnecessary risk,  but she did it anyway. Lo and behold she ended up catching it. 

A few days in she has to go into the hospital from low oxygen,  along with my dad who started feeling symptoms. She was admitted fir a few days,  my dad who tested positive also diagnosed with pneumonia was sent home. 

Through this a concerned cousin on my dad's side checks in,  I mention to get that om not working right now. I ask for some discretion however she tells nearly all our cousins and her mom. My aunt then forces me to make a shopping list. And she and another cousin zelle me $100 each. Im floored by this,  mainky i don't feel I deserve it.  But I know refusal will only get my dad involved so I accept. 

Meanwhile my stepmom gets better and leaves the hospital but my dad's condition worsens. On the second third attempt to have him admitted he is put on a ventilator right away.  The next night we get word that his kidneys are failing.  Fearing the worst but stepsister asks I can go to stay with her mom in case we get the call that he's passed. I do,  but though I thought she was past being contagious another cousin who's a nurse corrects me and says I have to act as if ive been exposed. 

 Even so I was able to help my stepmom which pulled me out of my languid state. I think I was happy to feel useful again.  I was able to be a bit more honest with some people. I messaged my ex boss and told her that the main reason I quit was that I planned for the end of my life, mainly so I could potentially use then as a reference for job seeking since I kinda burned that bridge when I quit without 2 weeks notice. She was understanding and said I'd be able to reference and that I could reach out any time. 

My dad is constantly in my mind however. I fear if he doesn't make it I will have once less reason to hold on.  

Since my family found it about my situation and also gave some monetary support. I have almost enough to pay back my utilities which they plan on shutting off for everyone who owes on January 5th. 
Im aware that there is a great deal of people that care about me,  but still the thoughts if using the money to finance my preferred method of suicide is still on my mind constantly, as well as the guilt of thinking towards that.  I don't feel like I deserve this help,  even if I asked for some of it. So much is hinging on if my dad pulls through. Meanwhile my stepmom decided to go stay in the next town with my stepsister,  so I'm no longer helping her and stuck with my own thoughts. 

Tl;dr
Was slowly overcoming suicidal ideation, when family is hit with covid. Not sure if I'm gonna a pull through it if father passes.