I have a split personality (long)TL;DR I've never had any friends or social competence due to a horrible upbringing nor do I currently have an occupation or a future worth living seeing as how I am permanently phsycologically damaged. I want to kill myself before I kill someone else

Growing up I was a happy energetic kid spurting out nothing but positivity, but since I was so shy and introverted and I never managed to make any friends and as the years went by I slowly fell into a deep depression that has lasted for over 6 years now and I never once had anyone to talk about it with. During these years where I did not have a way to cope with it my mood as well as my perspective of the world started to twist in a complete 180 motion. I've been stuck in my own head for so long and have had so much time to think and philosophize that I ultimately went mad, and compiling everything I've experienced up to now and this solitude that I've had to deal with has turned one half of my personality into a hateful being who wants to hurt people, badly. 

Generally I'm a very reserved person who doesn't show much emotion due to my apathetic nature, but I can still feel empathy so strongly and I really am a crybaby. Whenever I see someone get hurt I feel terrible and I very oftenly cry whenever I hear of people being treated poorly. And not to sound narcissistic but I really feel like I am a selfless person who usually like to put others interests before my own. This is the part of me that I was born with and the one that so badly just wanted to live a happy life full of friends and compassion. 

On the other hand I sometimes feel like a complete psychopath who wants to draw blood and hurt people completely neglecting their feelings. I think morbid thoughts and feel urges to murder those close around me. All whilst in a crazed rampage which is the absolute opposite of my usual calm self. It's getting to the point where when these urges arise I can't keep it in anymore and I need to take it out on something or ultimately someone. It happens almost instinctively and during these periods I black out and can not think straight.

I need to die before I completely snap and go on a bad spree. I've tied a noose and am ready to go, but I am really scared and flustered right now. Even now I feel agitated and psychotic, I write this message as I guess a last hope.