Suicidal, just want to my story heard...Here goes...this is what i get for being brutally honest in a world full of lies.

I am suffering, and i just want others who are suffering to know that i am suffering along sides them. That we are brothers and sisters in pain, and you are not alone. I dont need any sympathy, kind words, pitty, or encouragement; just want others who are suffering to know that in here with you, and possibly a little help. But you all may not agree with me, as im not entirely sure anyone has, im a bit of a pariah.

This is going to be a long one, and please excuse the grammar; and if you're triggered by poor grammar/writing then i suggest not reading this because i asure you, you will be. I barely graduated High School, have ADHD, the school system 'force passed' me through all my classes because they knew id never get out of school if they held me back, passed me even when i failed them because of my condition. My attention wanders so often and so much that i have a very hard time learning or concentrating. 

Where do i start? from the beggining?. To truly understand you must hear my entire life, to walk in my shoes.

I am Asian American, my parents are refugee immigrants from the Vietnam War. They seen the true horrors of war, family members horrifically brutalized by war. Whole tribes slaughtered by communist soldiers after the US pulled out. So my parents are very cold and dead inside. My parents beat me and my siblings ruthlessly, like a chained animal, often for simple things like just playing in the dirt when told not to. They used us like punching bags to vent their anger. Beatings occured almost every other day, i had 5 siblings so there was plenty of punching bags to go around. When one child was too beat up, they'd just go to the healthy one. I grew up in a loveless family, we find showing any kind of love towards each other as awkward; touching/huggging/kissing is absolutely no go territory. 

I was born in California, moved to the east coast in the 80s when i was 9 years old. California was very tolerant of many races, it was very rare to witness any racism, until i moved to the east coast. Being in the 1% minority living in the rurals, me and my siblings suffered from constant racism daily. Usually the typical ignorant racist stuff, chink, "go back to yuuur countraaay", ching chong, people making slant eyes with their fingers, and less often physical attacks. So you could say my childhood confidence levels were not going to form to its fullest potential.   

I was a middle child, so i often felt like a red headed step child(Cinderalla effect, step children/no blood related are always treated poorly in families by the non related parent). In Asian families the eldest is treated with the most responsibility and held up as the golden child, the one to save us all. The youngest is treated like the baby, no matter what wrong he/she does they always manage to eek out of trouble. So naturally me being the punching bag i was in the family, took a lot of my anger and frustration out on my siblings and had a lot of outbursts of emotions in school because my life was so bad. Many days i went to school right after a severe beating or mental abuse from my mother.

Lets talk about my mother, she probably is the single most influential person in my life for my low quality of life and suicidal thoughts. I feel like hurting her just to go to jail and waiting out the rest of my days just thinking about it now. My mother is the most toxic person i have ever known. I believe she is a bipolar narscissistic sociopath. She will use what some call triangulation often. She will butter up to a family member and talk trash/lies behind another family members back to get the other family member to reveal something negative they have to say about the other family member, then go back to that other family member and repeat the process in order to turn us against each other, she is absolutely wack and sadistic, total psycho. We lived in a house with drywall for a decade, the walls were paper thin, and you could hear every conversation and whisper, everytime she gossiped on the phone she would tell her friends how terrible her children were and how great she was. All id heard from her was "i wish you were dead", you're so worthless, worthless, deadbeat, you'll never amount to anything, wish i aborted you when i had the chance, wish those mushrooms i ate killed you in the womb(she tried to commit suicide when she was pregnant with me inside her and ate poisonous mushrooms). She did 100% of the mental abuse in my family. She was and still is a constant cloud of negative energy in our family. When her storm raged it was a category 5 hurricane in the household. 

My father was betatized by her and she commanded his every whim. He was like her champion or the kings executioner/sheriff. If she wanted her children beaten to a pulp she would command him to do it and off he went. My father never stood up for his children, he was as afraid of her as we were. My father is a silent figure in my family, he did as mother commanded and never talked to his children once. Physically present but emotionally absent.

When i graduated High School(force passed through) i went straight into the military to escape my toxic parents. I actually failed the asvab test and go by with a waiver because the military needed bullet sponges to fill its quotas. So a stupid fuck like me got into the infantry. I was the only one in my platoon that failed the written portion of the rifle range course and my entire platoon made fun of me for it. Then when the time came for action i scored the highest marks in my platoon in accuracy. Over two decades later i still remember the day my drill sergeant walked into the squad bay mind blown and astonished, telling everyone how an idiot like me cant even manage to pass the written portion of the rifle range but shoot better than the guys who passed with top marks on the written exam, everyone in the platoon cheered and clapped for me; they couldnt believe it. Was it dumb luck? possibly. But it was the boost of confidence i had never felt before, it brought life back into my rotten soul. 

Years later down the line i find myself in Afghanistan, on combat patrol. Long story short, my platoon sergeant and officers forgets to write up a radio watch list for radio checks. If you know anything about the military, radio checks are paramount, no radio check on the hour or designated time means you've been killed or something bad has happened. So the universe decides ive won the court martial lottery because i happen to be the first night watch on duty that night and didnt do a radio check, which i had no idea i was even supposed to be doing as no radio check duty list was put up. So typically the leadership throws me under the bus, a low ranking corporal literally 4 months away from an honorable discharge from the military. This is standard SOP for the military, just like in the Guantanamo Bay controversy. Throw the lowest ranking grunts under the bus and protect the leadership. So i knew what was coming next, a dishonorable discharge just 4 months shy of serving 4 years and getting out clean with my GI BILL that would have saved my life to jump start my career in a trade school. A dishornable discharge or anything other than honorable means you dont get a GI BILL, its bye bye. 

So i was despressed and suicidal in the middle of Afghnistan, so far from home, which was depressing enough as it was, while lying in the bunk one night i loaded my m-16 put it to my head and cried for help. I threatened to shoot myself, but my bunkmate next to me yanked the muzzle away and everyone swarmed me. I was no longer safe to be around, they chained me up and flew me by helo to the nearest base with a combat psycologist. She assumed i was crazy, and authorized my shipment back to the US. I was crazy, crazy angry that my unit, the men i would have thrown my life down for in an instant in battle would betray me and throw me to the wolves. I was going to stand for it, so i wanted to show them but failed utterly. 3 months shy of finishing my 4 year contract with the military i was thrown out with nothing but a duffle bag, bank account nearly empty as a part of the punishment the military garnished thousands of dolllars as punishment. Not like an infantryman is rich anyways, most of us spend all our time and money getting drunk and chasing women(Not me, incel). Most of the men in my platoon didnt have a penny to their name, and always came to me begging for a loan as everyone knew i was the guy that saved up.

21 years old, depressed, suicidal, almost 4 years of a career down the drain. Actually thought i could have made the military my lifelong career. I found myself standing outside of the base with nothing, called a taxi to the nearest airport and went back the the place i tried to escape. Went back to living in my parents house like a fool, a desperate fool because i was too afraid to beg any else for a handout or sleep on the streets, didnt even have enough money for a car. Went to work in a factory for a few years, felt like hell, it was a souless, dead, and robotic job. Turns out your experience in the military particularly infantry has zero civilian workforce translation. Only thing i qualified for was flipping burgers, manual labor, and the jobs my infantry background did quality for(Cop/security) was shot because the military had me on phiciatric record as having a 'personality disorder', whatever that means. Even more depressed and suicidal, struggling to find a job and parents hounding me to help with the bills. Id find a job but couldnt hold it down because of my depression. I often found myself wanting to sleep for upwards of 20 hours a day until it hurt so bad i had to get up. I just didnt want to get up, wanted to sleep until i died, but was too cowardly to kill myself. 

Then came my mid to late 20s, still depressed and suicidal. Still a virgin, never meet a woman and yurned for one. I was an incel, i had an inability to form intimacy because of my abused past. Feared that everyone would betray me, because of my betrayal in the miltary i become even more reclusive. Never trusted anyone as a friend again, still dont. Jumping around from one souless and robotic manual labor job to the next because thats all i could get or hold down. Desperately looking for a way out of it, but nothing in sight because of my ADHD, tried going to community college to increase my value but just could not concentrate and was still suicidally depressed. 

Then my parents offered me an out, so i thought. They never changed, still as closed minded, cold, ignorant, and toxic as ever, but now my parents started a farm and wanted to sign me on unofficially as a buisiness partner. Said id get a quarter of it when it was sold off, like a guillible fool and desperate i said yes. We took on a 600k debt on the farm from the bank. I sacrificed 15+ years of my life working 50+ hours a week, 7 days a week non stop year round, zero vacation days, zero benefits(health, dental, vacation days), trying to pay off the debt to the farm. Many of the beggining years the farm was in so much debt that I was taking 100 dollars a month in net pay. A few years later 300 a month, a decade later finally seeing a 1000 a month. I was so depressed living below the poverty line and those years were even worse for my suicidal thoughts. Then i got into philosophy, the occult, mystery schools, manly P Hall, etc. Ive learned and matured alot in those years learning how to live with what i got and not lust after what i dont have. I learned how to live off the land and be happy with it. And now finally seeing light at the end of the tunnel, a farm of my own or a huge chunk of cash to finally but my own place and/or start my own buisiness, my parents want to remove me, kick me off the farm. 

&amp;#x200B;

I had a terrible fight with them the other night just recently. I punched holes in the walls and came inches from hitting them. Ive never laid a finger on my parents in my entire life, but i wanted to hurt them all of my life. They're trying to take away 15+ years of my hard earn work, my life. Ive been kicked out of the house now, possibly for good this time, a house i was paying rent for, for 10 years. A house my siblings was living in with me without contributing anything at all, never washed the dishes, took out the trash, or helped pay the bills. I feel like im Cinderalla without the happy ending, i do all the work and get ZERO thanks. 

&amp;#x200B;

I feel so low now, almost at my end now. About to lose 15 years of my work just like 4 years wasted in the military. Almost 20 years down the drain. With nowhere to go i begged my father to be reasonable and at least let me park a shed at the edge of the property. Spent 7k buying a little barebones shed, nothing in it. No electricity, no water, no insulation, and im living in it in at the start of winter. Ive always wanted to live in a tiny house, a minimalistic life, but not like this, broke, and struggling. I feel like im going backwards in life, as in negative, minus degrees. 

&amp;#x200B;

Something keeps driving my onwards and i want it all to end here and now. I feel like im just waiting for death, but im afraid whats on the other side of it. I welcome death, but am unwilling to do the deed myself. I feel like i could hurt my family and take the easy way out of this life. Ride out the rest of it in the comfort of a cell with all my shelter, food, and health covered for instead of worry about where it'll come from tommorow. Probably beg for mercy with a death penalty, but with my luck ill suffer with what id done for another 40 some years. At this point im almost 40 and halfway through my life. I dont suspect ill live past 80, and i hope not either. 

I know many of you will try to get me in trouble, anytime in the past ive tried to 'cry for help' nobody helped me, but only reported me to the authorities, which only lead to more trouble for me...

I guess i cry for help in the most absurd ways. Unreasonable ways, i really must be a narssistic asshole...it may be that my narsissism does not allow me to take resonsibility for my life. Ive tried but keep failing, like a drug addict that keeps relapsing. 

These are critical words i understand, and in order to protect myself i must say that this essay is a **work of fiction**. God forbid my situation get any worse than it already is, and if it is to get worse i want it to end on my terms. I understand how selfish it seems, im fucked, my life is a train wreck. My emotions are leeking out and i cant control it. 

&amp;#x200B;

I need help. Where can i find help before i do something i really regret?

I need to be saved from my stupidity while avoiding ruining my life even further...