14 years old, am literally going insaneIf you don't like sad stories, maybe you should skip this one. You definitely won't feel happy after reading. 

Let me introduce myself. For simplicity's sake, let's say my name is Seph. I am 14 and a half years old, and this is my story. I was born and raised for the first 9 years of my life in Bavaria, Germany. I lived in a very secluded, separate part of town, so we were pretty isolated. There was only one other kid to play with, let's call him Steve. Steve was about 4 years older than me. We became very close and spent pretty much all of our free time together. What I did not know and was not old enough to know was that Steve was a pretty sick kid. It started small, with him showing me his first pubes. Eventually, it evolved to him challenging me and my brother, who is two years younger than me to dares, which basically consisted of rubbing our penises on a wall. One day he decided he wanted to have sex with us and tried to get us to blow him. I refused because he peed from there. He then tried to give anal, there was no actual penetration. In the end he just decided to roll around on us and rub his penis against ours. I estimate I was around 6 - 7 at the time, my brother being 4-5. flash forward two years, our family is moving to miami. What you should know is that my mom is American, so I learned to speak English fluently and I have an American passport. My time there is relatively uneventful until I hit the early stages of puberty at around 12. I started to become increasingly depressed and developed severe anxiety. whenever I was left alone I could not stop thoughts of my parents and family being burned alive, dismembered and tortured in other ways. I never talked to my parents about these things. I became pretty depressed and had to see a therapist because I wrote a story about dead hamsters in school. Our school basically required me to see a counselor. That lasted about 2 months because to quote my father, it was "a waste of money and I was fine." Another year passes and we are moving again. This time we moved to vienna, austria. Things started going downhill very fast. I started cutting at 13, I dont remember my first motivation to pick up the knife and try It for the first time, however I was hooked off the bat. I started cutting more and more and deeper every time. If I did not leave a big enough cut, I was hit with a huge wave of rage because I felt like a pussy for not cutting enough, followed by frustration because it hurt to cut more, and then just guilt that I had not finished what I had started. I did not tell anyone about this, except for this one girl I kind of "liked". I did not really know how to expect her to react. When she saw the damage I had done to myself by this point, she was devastated and told our homeroom teacher. This lead to the principal and my parents finding out. The school recommended I see their counselor, but I never showed up. My parents also pressured me to seek out a therapist, but I only went once. My parents did not get involved much after this. I kept on cutting a lot after this. It is really hard to describe exactly what emotions I felt right before I cut, but the best I can describe it as is a deadly cocktail of shame, guilt, rage, frustration and feeling like I had no one at all. the last one is provably the worst, because even though I knew my parents loved me, they just did not understand. I kept isolating myself more and more and turning more into a shell, a husk of a person. My cutting got more and more eccentric. I carved an omega into my right forearm. It had a diameter of about 3 inches. I also carved a star of David into my thigh, along with multiple "standard" cuts. I got to a point where I did not have enough energy or the willpower to continue on. I decided to try to kill myself by cutting my wrist. My attempt failed because the artery was too hard to reach. I tried to cut the vessel but the angle was too difficult to get right with the razorblade. I remember taking a needle and desperately poking around in the gash I left, trying to puncture the main artery in my wrist. I could see a bump on the other side of my wrist where I was pushing up against the skin with the needle. In retrospect, I am pretty damn lucky I am still alive. After I tried and failed, I woke my parents up at two in the morning to take me to the hospital and get stitches. On the way to the hospital, I recall my father telling me I needed a way to vent. No shit. he recommended kickboxing, which I partook in for about two months. I stopped cutting after this, I am still not sure what caused the bounceback. One should also note that I had an extremely hard time trusting and building complex interpersonal relationships with people. I was very well liked, mainly since I put up a flawless act of a happy teen. I became very very skilled a lying and deceiving. I could make most people believe anything I said, and I had an innate sense of where someones weak spots lied. But back to the point: I did not really trust anyone, even though I did a good job at convincing people we were friends. This only added to my perceived loneliness. As this year rolled around, I became more and more interested in psychology. I spent hours learning more and more about the human psyche and it's weaknesses. I mainly did this because I felt I needed to diagnose myself with something. I have symptoms for many disorders, mainly BPD. I also have psychopathic tendencies, and many of the red flags lined up, like killing animals as a child. I used to take apart insects and smash them. I also thew the family cat down the stairwell once.
-----------------------------------
Freshman year in highschool: I have not cut in months and occasionally use marijuana. Life has calmed down somewhat but I am starting to get random psychotic and depressive episodes. Last year it was chronic clinical depression, but this year I can be fine one minute and legitimately weighing the odds of stabbing my friends in the neck the next. Sometimes my episodes are anxious, other times they are depressive. the worst kind, though, is a smoldering, broiling rage that comes out of nowhere and leaves me restless for hours. 




HERE IS MY ACTUAL QUESTION

I am afraid I am literally coming apart at the seams. I am not necessarily suicidal right now but I can never know who or what I will be the next minute. Am I going insane? have I already gone off the deep end? 


TLDR: Just fucking read it


EDIT: To be honest I was not really expecting this post to get any attention. I wish I could just "see a therapist" like you all are suggesting, however it is sadly not that simple. I do not live near a therapist, and even if I did, I doubt I could find the time or money required. I feel very vulnerable talking to my parents about this, mostly because they work a LOT and I do not want to trouble them right now. Additionally, my mom has anxiety problems and never seems to relax. She is also very sensitive around these topics, mostly because her sister killed herself while they were both around my age. I am afraid I will just end up hurting her if I bring stuff like this up. All in all, I am stuck in a pretty difficult situation, and if I saw a way out, I would take it. 