I was told I committed sexual assault while blackout (t/w)Trigger warning for sexual assault content. This is really confusing to me and idk if this is the place to post, if not, I really apologize for the bad feelings this may cause.

Long story short. After not being home after one year exchange I (M22) came back (month and a half ago) and met some friends. I got drunk and came back to my place. Around 2 AM, and old friend of mine (F20) texted me asking if she and her friends could stay at my place since they were far away from home. I kindly agreed, with no malicious intentions. This girl liked me, and I found her attractive, but nothing else. I asked her if she could bring alcohol and they brought it, but I was the only drinking it (they were sober). After that, this girl and I started to make out. But after that, I have a blackout. I have some flashbacks, where we did more things and I think we had sex (but I'm not really sure about it). It was kinda interesting because it was my first sexual interaction with someone, I'm a bit shy to be actively interacting with someone in that way, but it is all blurry honestly. In my eyes, everything seemed consensual. But around 5:30, I, still a bit drunk, wake up and see the girl sad, almost crying and their friends saying the were going to the police and then they left. I was so confused and anxious about it, feeling like a monster.

It was until the next day that a friend of mine told me the girl called her, in a really bad state, saying I sexually assaulted her, went to the police but didn't press charges. She wasn't specific how, but saying I did it. My friend tried to found out what happened the first weeks but couldn't, because the girl was kinda just not talking about it. I've tried to apologise with the help of my friend (cause the girl blocked me everywhere) but Idk if it's not yet the proper time or maybe it would be even worst (even though I really want to).

The police called me the next week saying if I knew about it and told them that it seemed consensual to me, but I couldn't remember everything bc of my blackout. They told me everything started consensual, but then it wasn't but I continued, which I find kinda odd bc I can't really remember (not saying I didn't do it), and I have never forced anyone to do something, specially sexually, we all need to respect and be respected in our boundaries (no is no), but they told me it is what she said. Anyways, they said they wouldn't investigate cause the girl didn't want to press any charges.

Til this day, I don't know what happened and I feel like shit. I've always been respectful and respect boundaries, trying to help everyone, but now I don't know who I am. I feel really anxious, depressed and the guilt is killing me knowing that someone is suffering bc of me.

I know a lot of people know already the details about it, but to this point Idk if I really want to know (I know, it's a bit coward from my side). I've lost almost all my friends because of that (which makes me really sad but I respect and probably I deserve it). I just really don't know what to do.

Of course, I cut alcohol from my life, and I've been going to a psychologist that has been helping me but still I feel like I'm a really bad person (and maybe I am).

Should I just forget everything and move on, even though I don't want and get really anxious of finding out more about the story? Should I wait til everything cools down to do something? I would really like to apologise and help her, but I now sometimes is better not to approach.

Thanks for reading and I am really really sorry if it triggered someone or if it doesn't belong here.

Tldr: I was told I sexually assaulted someone while blackout drunk. No charges were pressed but I the guilt is killing me.