I'm slowly, very slowly, inching towards the edge.About four years ago, I met a girl. 

The first time we met, she wrote me a poem. I felt it so perfectly fit me, I was hooked immediately. 

Over the next two years began a trek through hell. She was an alcoholic. I was just beginning to abuse adderall. I had a steady job, and could afford a steady stream of drugs and booze. She was hot and totally willing to sell her soul for the next shot. 

I was gaslighted through the next two years, strung on a leash, played as a sugar daddy, while I was just head over heels in love, and sure that I could help her. She left a long term relationship, to move in with me. She spent a year "being single" (fucking everything in sight... Including me...), on my advice. We fought our addictions together... And failed to fight our addictions together... 

We were best friends. Inseparable. Lord knows, I tried. We had our fights, but she kept coming back.

Finally, her year was up. And she chose someone else to date... My band mate and room mate. It was.... Uncomfortable. Eventually, he moved out, and she went with him. 

That lasted a few months. Then she moved back when they broke up. And she started sleeping with me again (truth be told, she never stopped. I made her my personal assistant, as an excuse to see her, and since she was pretty much unemployable elsewhere... Someone had to pay her rent...) 

Then she started dating a meth dealer. Meanwhile, an ex of mine had gotten my doctor to stop prescribing adderall, so... I went along with it, for a while. I felt like I was losing it at work. I used meth to try to bring things back to my level of quality... Until I started having terrifying delusions... 

One night, I had taken too much, and she invited me to come watch a show with her. We curled up in her bed, and her dealer boyfriend came in, threw a small fuss about us being too friendly (that was a sure fire way to piss me off - tell me I can't be friends with my best friend? Fuuuuuuuck you!). I tried to go talk to him to let him know things were cool (they were, at that point. She hadn't cheated on him yet), and I swear he called her a bitch. So I locked him out the second he left. 

He came back a few minutes later, and then began the worst night of nightmare delusions I've ever had. I thought he had called in favors, and had gangs forming up outside my house. I though people were hiding in bushes, crawling over the ceiling... I had a conversation with a fella I was certain was having a Mexican birthday party next door...

I thought that this guy was sneaking in through her window and hiding in her closet. I called the cops. They took me to the hospital, where I was given a Klonopin and told to go home... Where he was!! Jesus, that was a bad night. 

By that point, I had become quite the alcoholic myself. My adderall supply was limited, and she was always drinking, so... I joined in... 

That same scenario happened again, a few weeks later. It ended with me going to the hospital, and staying for a few days... 

Then, one day not long after... I told her that, despite that we both said we would never get married... I would marry her in an instant. 

She said, "okay." 

He showed up a couple days later, and I told him what was up. She went off with him to have a private conversation, and then she was going to stay at her sister's. At the time, she had pancreatitis from the drinking, and was on lots of morphine for the pain. We were out of it. I couldn't find heroin, either. Anyway, she went to her sister's. Anyway, that night, I took acid with a friend. 

After watching SpongeBob, I got the feeling something was wrong with her. My friend told me he had been texting her, and she is having a really hard time without the painkillers. 

I had to see her. I was willing to run to her sister's, but my friend said he was able to drive, so we went. 

She was having the worst time. We were trying really hard to be sober, but she was hurting, I couldn't handle it. Neither could she. It was well below rock bottom. The  he showed up. 

He started attacking me right away. He is easily twice my size, and definitely on meth, and I was tripping balls. He just kept punching me, again and again. He grabbed her and started yelling at her in the back room. I went in and tried to ask her if she was okay. He beat me more. He dared me to say one more word. So I asked her if she was okay, and he threw me through several rooms and out the front door. I kept telling him that I wasn't going to fight. I sat down in the front lawn. He hit me a few more times, took my glasses and broke them in half. He rode away after that, and she begged me to leave, before he came back to kill me. 

The next day, she came back. 

We decided that, to do this right, we should get clean. Her family had found her a rehab clinic in Canada with really good results. She signed up. 

It's a two year program. It's freakin great. The best she could have hoped for. Her family and I do everything possible to get her in. 

I moved to be near her rehab, to set up a life for us for when she gets out. I left everything behind, and nearly two years later, I'm still just trying to catch up with the damage we've done. 

3 weeks ago, she reached out to me from rehab. Step 9. Make amends. She had been using me the entire time for my money and drugs. She didn't love me. Even the poem she wrote, was a calculation just to gain my trust. 

So now I'm 33. Living with my parents again. Unemployed thanks to ptsd. Striving to create a life for the woman  I love and her dear son, so excited to have a family, to be reaching for our goals, for a life worth living... And instead I got nothing. 

I'm afraid to deal with it. I live in a weed friendly area, and I have not been sober since she reached out. I'm afraid. I have been suicidal over this woman before. I'm afraid that when I finally face all of this, I will pass the point of no return. The weed is losing its effect, and I'm turning more and more to alcohol. But I'm just delaying it. 

Every time I sober up, there is this wall of fuck that races towards me. If it reaches me, I fall. 

... I kinda want to fall... 