How do I help her?Ok, here goes:
About half a year ago, I had an argument with my parents. My stepfather told me and my brother to move a desk into his truck late at night so that he could take it to his office the next morning. We took apart the desk and moved everything we could into the truck, but after doing measurements, we realized the desk would not fit in the truck bed. My stepfather was already asleep, so we decided to wait until the next morning to figure out what to do with him. He woke us up at 6:30, huffing and puffing about how we didn't do what he had asked. However, I was ticked off because he kept railing on me with insult upon insult, while my overachieving brother sat on the sidelines( thats off topic, I love him and he doesn't deserve that kind of thing). After angrily making us move it in properly, without giving us a real chance to explain mind you, he left for the office. When he came back, he decided to apologize to me. My stepfather believes highly upon nipping things in the bud, but he didn't sound sincere at all, so I told him "I don't care." With that, he threatened to make me do more housework, which was NOT my problem and NOT my responsibility. When I say housework, I had been doing construction projects around the backyard for months, even though he said beforehand that he wouldn't make me do them if I was doing homework, which I was. I had dealt with my parents' short tempers and stubborn games too many times before, so I decided to give my aunt a call and request to stay at her's for a little. Her house is very close to mine, so I simply walked there. It was immature, but I'm still sure this was the only way to stop the problem in it's tracks.
A week later, my aunt convinced me to go back to my place to celebrate my grandmother's birthday. Fun was had all around, but after cake was done, my mother told me I had to stay. This would've been fine, had she not said that it was still all MY fault. She told me I couldn't criticize my stepfather when I had my own problems to deal with. I asked her, "What problems?" Silence. We then had a little bit of a scrabble, but I got my backpack and went to the garage. As I was leaving, my mother said, "If you go, you're not my son anymore! And never come back!" I've always had quite some distance with my parents, but I'm still sad to say that I didn't feel a thing. I really didn't care what they thought of me anymore. In my eyes they were angry robots that I had to make happy to get what I want.
Cut back to my aunt's house. I had nothing to do, so I resorted to online gaming of a sorts. This is where I met "Florence"(fake name for privacy). Random game, random people. Someone had a mic. We talked for a bit, played a bit. Yay, a new friend! We'll get back to Florence later.
A couple of months later, my aunt convinced me yet again to go anywhere near my parents, by saying that if I helped at the office, she would help me buy a gaming PC rig. I was reluctant to agree, because my parents were there. When I arrived I had decided that I would just not speak to them, and mind my own business. Instead, my mother barges up and tries to hug me, acting like nothing happened. I brushed her off, but then my stepfather takes me into his office room, and asks what happened. As it turns out, my mother never told him what she said to me. He was appalled, but both of them were still looking to pin the blame on each other. He told me I had to go and forgive my mother, when she was still refusing blame and saying it was my stepfather's fault. My mother came up to me instead and broke down crying. I still feel nothing when I remember it. I feel ugly for not feeling, and I don't know if that's how I am or if that's how they grew me. I think I've developed a divide between how I treat my parents compared to anyone else.  Anyways, we end up working till 2 in the morning, and they WON'T LET ME GO BACK TO MY AUNT'S. Whenever I suggst going home, they say 30 more minutes, and boom, I wake up the next morning STILL in the office. My aunt and I go back to her house, and that's it for me. No more working at the office. I don't care what I get out of it, I'm not working somewhere to the point I'm sleeping there. But at least me and my parents made up, right? No, they think we did, because they did everything their guidebook told them to do. I am still pretty IDGAF about it. I just want them to stay outa my beeswax.
At this point, the depression's piling on hard. I've been harboring thoughts of death since the start of middle school, so it's nothing new to me, but it grew exponentially worse over the summer, especially because of quarantine and the lack of contact with people. By then, I pretty much gave up on school, basic necessities, just doing normal people things. I was grounded to earth only with conversations with Florence, and buttloads of anime.
Fast forward another month or so, my aunt says that I have to go home for the beginning of the new school year, and I can't complain. She's been nice enough to harbor my fugitive ass for so long, so I get my things and return home. Luckily, my parents are never home because they are working at the office 24/7. Unluckily, I now had no motivation whatsoever to do school. I had been holed up in a room so long that I couldn't do anything else anymore.
Another month later, I had tried to take a couple of class, but since I was already late and missing homework, I gave up without much of a fight. Back to talking with Florence. We had been talking to each other the entire time this was happening, and even though she might have found me kinda annoying, she was my tether to reality. I was being an idiot but I felt like she really mattered to me in a friend kinda way, and I wanted to talk ALL the time. It felt like I needed to, or else I would just be alone with my thoughts.
Coming up to Present Day, I was discussing my grappling with depression and heaps of self esteem issues with Florence and another friend, and I decided that I should talk to my parents, and maybe get some professional help. Right on queue, my parents called me downstairs, and my stepfather demanded I start making up my schoolwork, taking classes, etc. Keep in mind, I was still in a schoolwork slum, and I was trying to at least keep myself alive before focusing on grades. We argued for a bit, but when they still didn't get that I'm busy enough as is, I just went out and said it. "I want to kill myself. I want to hurt until I can't hurt anymore." My stepfather told me that he didn't feel sorry for me at all, and that I should have asked for help. I told him that this is me asking for help. I looked over to my mother. She rolled her eyes. Do they love me? I know parents are supposed to love you no matter what, I know that, but how could they love me yet do something so, so hateful?
I went upstairs and broke down. I called Florence. I think this is why I care for her so much. Because she's been there for so much. I think I put her on a pedestal. Ugh, maybe I simped a bit (cringe). The next morning, my mother tried to get me to work at the office. I couldn't look at her. A couple of days later, Florence took a look at all the meds she takes, and had a panic attack that night. I tried to help, but I don't know how. She's dealing with problems like mine, and I don't know how to fix myself, so I don't know how to help her. I told her that we should stop talking to each other for a bit, and that I would try to help the best way I can. I think I'm gonna make a song cover for her. Talk to me by cavetown. I think I'm an idiot, but it's the best idea I've got.
Right now, I can't make myself do anything. My stepfather decided the best thing to do when I'm depressed is to block my WiFi, my only contact with the world now. I have to use a VPN to do anything. I miss Florence. I've started to develop a thing where I'll rapidly change moods and personalities, and when I'm down I feel like I'll fall and never hit the bottom. I sit in my room all day,  and I try to help others. I feel like it's the only thing I'm capable of doing anymore. I think I hit a nice little limbo where I feel really calm. Nothing really fazes me anymore. I don't even feel like dying anymore. I know it'll have to happen eventually, but until then I'm stuck here, unable to move myself. It's too late to even think about school.
A couple of questions:
Do my parents love me?
Did I do something wrong?
How do I help Florence?
How do I help myself?
What do I do?
I don't need genius answers, just give me your honest thoughts and I'll take it to the heart. Thanks for reading my college essay of a post.