help me :(((Okay so last summer i was planning on hurting myself. before doing so i wanted to hurt the people i love. I know... it was just this sick idea in my head to take away or to atleast ease their pain, so they would miss me less when i am actually gone... so i wasnt planning on doing this to every single friend though, i do not have a lot of close friends but the ones i do have , mostly grew up with me and just became like family to me, so there was just no way i could do something to them that would make them miss me less. but there is this one friend that i met only 4 years ago and i definitely was planning to do soemthing to her, so i did..

and we became so close and she meant soo much to me and she's just truly an angel. So what i did basically was sabotaging her online exams and she failed this because of me eventually. at the time i didnt care for it at all, i was actually thinking i was doing something right and i was doing it for her genuinely and i would be dead soon anyways and she would miss me less (so i thought). but the past few weeks made me realize that i should atleast try to "live" as i had never spoken to anyone about hurting myself or my feeling until a few weeks ago. and the more i tried, the more guilt i felt and realized the mess i made. so i told my friend and the school everything (we do the same study).

she will pass eventually, our friendship is broken and probably won't get fixed (which i am okay with tho). i will get mental help (something i never thought was something i'd sign up for) and i just want to get better so i will never ever hurt someone like this again. especially someone as special as her, you don't know how much this person has helped me in the past four years.

but now it comes.. it is just so hard continuing, knowing and almost feeling the pain she's feeling. i just hate that i caused someone this much pain and the guilt is also killing me and i do not want to make this about myself but its just soo hard. so i came hear to tell my story and to hear what you guys think. i just dont know what to do next, i do want to become this good person but everything is so overwhelming and exhausting and its truly the thinking thats killing me.

and im tired of my friends telling me that it has happened already, you cant change the past, you did what you could to help her (telling school), youve punished yourself enough . and i know theyre right and i love them and alll their support theyve shown the past few weeks