I can't do it anymore and I don't know what to doI'm alone, nobody I've ever cared for has ever cared for me. My father is dying of cancer, I lost my mom to it, my sister, my grandparents, I have a brother who doesn't care whether I'm dead or alive and has said as much, a sister who lives across the country and has too much on her plate to even think about me, and that's it. I've got nobody, no future, and a dead end job. Itry to be cheery and friendly and I just get shit on and taken advantage of. I don't expect anything from anybody, except maybe to return some kindness or to befriend me, and I can't even get that. I can't win at losing and I don't see any point in continuing on in a life full of pain and misery. I find no joy in anything I used to love, and no hope for things changing.

I never thought I'd turn 40 alone, miserable, and at the end of a dead end road in life. After my dad dies, and he's at the very end, I plan on taking my life. 

I've read every article on why I shouldn't do it. Every list of reasons to go on, and it's all just bs to me. And while I'm sure strangers on the internet can't change that, or will say anything I haven't heard before, I just needed to say it. I once was told if you have a hard decision in front of you, weigh your options and choose the path that leads to the best outcome for everybody. Then to say it out loud, write it down, and tell somebody. Because by doing that last bit you ensure you'll follow through. I guess I still have hope left in me. Hope things will get better, or that I'll find somebody that cares, but I know I won't. Most likely I'll just finish watching my dad die a slow painful death, and go out on my own terms. I'm not looking for a response really, or for anybody to change my mind, I just needed to say it. I used a throwaway, because I don't want somebody tracking me down and getting me thrown into a mental hospital. Happened before and all it did was put me in crippling debt I'm still trying to pay off, and honestly make my life worse overall as I have to hide how I feel in case I get locked up again. If you read this whole thing I'm sorry to have wasted your time. I just don't know what to say or do anymore.