Just Getting Some Feelings Out ThereHi,

I'm feeling really suicidal at the moment. I've just worked 6 days, and tomorrow will be my 7th day without a break as a shop assistant manager (new job). My ex-girlfriend and I, who were cohabiting together had a huge argument last night. It all started when I was meant to meet her at a train station after work, but I didn't see her, and assumed she'd be back at her flat. On the way back to the train station I finally met up with her, and she slapped me in the face and started screaming and kicking and pushing me. She's a violent person, it's a pretty awful relationship. We got into a physical fight later on, and she started hitting me, she pushed me over, and bit me. I lost my temper and threatened to punch her, and held her arms down so she couldn't hit me. Anyway, she threw me out, and now she's trying to make me feel guilty saying I'm a psychopath since she has bruises on her arms where I grabbed her. No doubt she's going to try to make people think I'm some kind of woman-beater, when all I did was try to defend myself (and I slapped her once when she was really attacking me, but it wasn't hard at all). Oh yeah, she also punched me in the head while I was lying down in bed. Who does that? What a piece of work.

It gets worse, tomorrow will be my 7th consecutive day managing a shop and I'm running out of energy. Added to which, my ex is threatening to get her new boyfriend (that didn't take long), to come to my shop and 'kill me' this weekend. Yay. The last thing I need is her trying to sabotage me at my 'sanctuary', my place of work, where I'm the boss, and trying to cause a scene in front of the customers. So great, my ex was slapping me around and pretty much abusing me, and now I've got the added worry of my career being screwed up too. And I feel guilty about the whole thing, it was a bad idea to move in with her in the first place, and when she started slapping me and calling me names all the time (asshole, idiot dickhead, stupid, etc), I should have know that it was time to get out of the relationship. So it's a combination of things, I don't really think I'm explaining well, but basically I just think it would be better to die and not live with the constant guilt that I'm a really terrible person and the constant fear of losing my job. I just hate my life. I'm 25 years old and I work in a pretty shitty job as an Assistant Shop Manager with low pay, when really I should have some awesome job in advertising or journalism (I have a BA and an MA in Literature).

Oh yeah and my ex punched me in my sleep last week, and then spent the next day making me feel bad about it. Apparently I rolled onto her side of the bed and coughed in her face, so she punched me in the ribs and woke me up for being 'an asshole'. I can't be responsible for what I do in my sleep can I? I tried to explain that to her, but apparently that makes me even more of an asshole, because I should just apologise. What the hell happened to my life? How did it get to this point? It's just a big ugly mess and I wish it was over. I'm sick of feeling guilty and afraid all the time. I just feel like given how crappy life is, I wish I had a painless way to kill myself so I could stop it all. I feel like a real piece of shit right now.

Oh yeah and I have to be awake at 6.30am tomorrow for a 2 hr commute because I moved back in with my parents until I can get a new flat sorted. And the property prices are crazy, everything is expensive, even a matress in a shed is like £200 per week. I can't afford that. So in summary, what is the god damn point? Happiness is just delayed disappointment, and the more happiness, the more disappointment you will receive in time. Fear, sadness and guilt are our real friends, those old faithful companions we can rely on. You know, I wish this whole ridiculous experiment would end. The universe, huh? Who's smart idea was that? Turn off the lights and lock the place up. That's the way we're all headed, you know. It's like falling into a dark pit and it's just swallowing you up and getting darker. And you think, 'Let me just hit the ground already. What else have you got for me? Why can't I hit the ground already?'

I better go to bed, I have to be awake at 6.30, yay. And then this weekend I'm Duty Manager for the entire weekend with no paid staff, no work placement guys and a million weekly financial reports to do, that I've never done before. No pressure, and if I can't find somewhere to live I'll have do a ridiculous commute everyday or sleep in the back of the shop. Do you think I'm just whining now. Christ, I bet I'm boring the hell out of you.

Well thanks for listening to my rant, I just wish I had a bit more strength to deal with all this crap at the moment.