I've decided that if nothing changes I'm going to end it 2 years from now, and that makes me feel... better?I've been having suicidal thoughts and suffering from depression for a while now, 5 years at least. I keep telling myself that it'll get better over time, but honestly things keep getting worse. I've been to therapy, lost my insurance because I outgrew medicaid, was hospitalized for a suicide attempt last year, and tried doing therapy again with a different therapist. Therapy hasn't helped, medicine hasn't helped. 

I don't know what I want to do with my life, no career interests me, and anything I could remotely tolerate either isn't in demand or doesn't make enough for my parents expectations. My parents and younger sister are going to rely on me for financial support in the near future, a couple of years or so. I have no idea how I'm going to do it. I would have to work the majority of my life, and what's the point of working yourself to death like that if you can enjoy yourself? 

It doesn't help that I left my faith (ex-muslim). Because now that I accept that "death is our natural state" and that we've been technically "dead" before we were born, its tempting to just go back to that state and end the suffering. 

The only reason I'm waiting at all is that I need to be 21 to start applying for a green card for my father. After that, I honestly don't see the point in existing in this world any longer. 

Not having to worry about a career, a partner, or any life long goals is... relieving. Like a weight has been lifted off. Now I tell myself that "it'll be over soon", and its comforting. I don't worry about strictly saving money anymore, my parents borrow from me as they please, and I buy things for my sister that I never got when I was her age. I'm still in college, but I don't really absorb material anymore. I just do enough that I don't get in trouble, because I would hate to spend my final days being a source frustration for my family. 

I wish I could do more things before I die, but I just don't have the finances for it. Besides if I were to suddenly do anything drastic I'd definitely raise flags, or upset my parents for wasting money. But honestly I guess it doesn't matter anyway.

I don't know if anyone will actually read this, or if I even formatted anything correctly since this is my first post on Reddit. I'm not sure if I conveyed my thoughts sufficiently, but it'll have to do for now.