Going nuts and want to snap out of itIm not suicidal.. i want to love life and this subreddit seems like it gives the best advice and i just honestly feel like I need good advice and want some desperately...(im really sorry if this is at all wasting sw's resources) I feel like complete and utter shit and life is honestly seeming pointless. I feel like there is a black hole inside me eating me alive and that my heart is heavy as a rock and that i honestly dont know how much longer I can handle all of this if this feeling keeps up... which it seems like its here to stay..Ive also lost 13 pounds in the past 2 weeks from absolutely loosing my appetite, any little thing I eat i immediately feel like throwing up. I recently broke up with my girl friend due to me not really being there emotionally for her due to my own insecurities.. I just really disconnected myself and pushed her away.. a little while later she broke up with me.. its been about a month but i feel like ive had allot of time to reflect on who i am and who I want to be. I also had allot of time to reflect on the person that she is and i totally fell in love with her all over again and realized that she was just the (seemingly) absolute perfect match for me...unfortunatley when i came to her and appologized and told her how i feel she was in a completeley different mind set and wanted nothing to do with me... which honestly drove me a little nuts and i quickly became one of those crazy ex's that wouldnt let it go... which i honestly never thought i could become, ive had an ex who acted that way and i remember how childish and unatractive it all made her seem... I honestley feel like i dont have a grip on my self and my sanity and i feel like the fact that im seeing myself become one of those people is making me all the more nuts.... i dont know reddit just imagine how horrible it would feel that you had a mass realization about your self and who you are and who you want to evolve into ... and had have a realization about a person and found a new high in the love and respect you have for them and that you know in your heart that with this new you and this new life goal you could be everything they ever wanted.....and then have all of that just hope and happiness and love and drive and have it all shot down... it felt earth shattering, it made me look at myself and think that im really not at all that special.... especially if I cant even make the person who I think can make me the happiest me and I the happiest them, love me back, or even really acknowledge me or what i feel at all..... i know this just points to the obvious "that person just wasnt at all who you were hoping they were and you probably greatly over estimated them" ... which may or may not be true but i dont know... i feel like my childish approach to everything and my being so disconnected while in the last months of our relationship is what drove her to being so cold.... I dont know reddit... idono that was pretty much the straw that broke the camels back (more like boulder)..life is just seeming a bit bleak and i really just want to stop feeling so freaking crazy. ..starting today im going to not call, text or see her and just kinda hope that with all of this new freedom she will start to maybe miss me... though i dont know even that view seems a bit too hopeful and sappy.. maybe just give her that space and try to move on with the mind set "fuck her"... though i honestly dont think I could really ever look at her negatively...... 

edit: I also had a panic attack yesterday (for the first time) which i absolutely didnt know how to handle.. ended up stabbing myself in the leg with a pen (not as dramatic as it sounds) to snap myself out of it... if anyone knows how to cool those off in a better manner please let me know .. terrified of it happening again.

so in all i just really want to stop feeling this sadness and craziness, please help.  