Nevermind.Everyone says I should just get over things. What if I'm not able to? The voices in my head are densely packed, and I scuttle and squirm just to be able to breathe without repercussion. I'm medicated, inundated with psychiatry and other people's ideas about how I feel about any given issue. And, one day, I fell in love. And that love was silly and stupid, unkind and fell prey to the common mistakes of youth, erring, wistful, tepid, tumultuous. I held his hand when his mother died. I wasn't perfect, I was never perfect, but I broke up with him when I fucked up, I tread carefully. And he came back to kiss me on the forehead and leave me without warning.

After everything that happened, he just threw everything away. I haven't been the kindest person, the most loving person, the most trusting person, but something about his eyes made me want to try. And I can blame everything so easily, wrap all the blame in a neat little box, tie a ribbon on top. But I felt unloved when he drank. I could blame it on my father leaving, on being sexually assaulted. I could blame the emptiness on so many things. But I can't blame him. He, who could kiss me, and promise he'd be there, sit through nights in the hospital (as I did for him when he broke) just turn around, throw me out, planned obsolescence, tomorrow's junk.

I've done my best to reach him, extend a line, just to ask why what's done is done, why communication has broken down, why the distance I would travel to see him is now a sacrifice to large for him to stand. No answer. I am a patient ear to a dial tone, a busy signal, ignored emails. I am trying to make it better, but he walks through my dreams with so much arrogance and confidence that when I wake up, I'm a sobbing mass of weepy jello in my bed. It's not that I haven't tried getting over him. I know I have obsessive thoughts, I know that I have my rituals, my ways. I've broken them, avoided sleep, gone out with friends, tried to meet new people, had sex, cried, slept too much, stopped eating. I am a frail shell of what I used to be, and the hospital staff await me with open arms for yet another suicide attempt.

I am unlovable. Scars meet new cuts on my arms excitedly and my head feels cavernous and ill from repeated blunt-force trauma. My landlord will resent the damage I've done to my tiled-shower interior, but I'm past that.

Ativan, alcohol and a bridge. Tomorrow, I'm going places.