Please help.  Okay after many, many months I am here. From the first blue link I saw on suicidewatch, this place has been on my mind. Though I have heard many great things from other subreddit threads and high profile cases, I have not visited until now...

I have not looked at any thread in here...forgive me, but that is horribly uncomfortable. I am sorry, I will work on reading a few threads, maybe now that I mustered the spirit to post here.

I am a young woman.  I have anxiety disorder, but who does not, when they reach this point. Mine has been trained since childhood. 

I don't even really want to tak or be here. Typing this out is raising the fuck out of my anxiety as we speak.

I am sorry.  I know if I don't reach out, I may not have long.  I am really shy though and tired of talking about myself...as selfish as that sounds. I really don't want to be a fucking bother but I can use someone to talk to sometimes...about how I feel. 

Instant messaging new people makes me very anxious, despite having practically being raised on the Internet.  Please, I am looking for someone to pm or email me for now..  

I just want someone to talk to without them telling me suicide is sinful or shameful, or that I am weak or selfish...or perhaps that is what it really is.

Thank you, especially to those who consider taking the time to talk to me. I am looking for someone with a little commitment to take me on. I really have no one who can help me and am still saving up for therapy services. I have a weird background, i do some drugs (mild on the grand spectrum), and I self sabotage hardcore. I hate telling my storyover and over since there are quite a few nuances to it. This place may not even work for how bad I feel. I have begun to realize how limited of resources I have...which is why I sought ou this an d other extra resources. Isn't it funny...you want to bite the bullet so bad, but yet I still seek to survive. 

I am glad it is not that easy to kil yourself, but I am done with the journey.

If I don't get back to you...it's probably cause I am too anxious to. Please be patient...