Today is the day I realised it's over.I'm 19. I have borderline personality, anxiety and depression. I have felt soul crushing despair since I was 10. I have attempted suicide as a child. Done drugs, cut myself, showed my tits to guys online, drank myself into black outs. I've tried everything to not feel this way.

I'm gonna get generic advice here. People are going to tell me I'm young, life changes, suicide is a permanent solution to temporary problems. I'm gonna be told to listen to music, watch tv, go for a walk, talk to someone etc.

I live with my uncle and grandmother. They took me in when my mother kicked me out at 15 since my dad was murdered when I was 12. They're cold, I always feel like a burden, and the way the talk, I can see that I am. I don't think it's a matter of they don't care about me, they just don't understand what i am, who I am. They see me as lazy, spoilt. They don't care about me really. Not in the way i would want. I am their burden. I most likely am part of the reason my grandmother hasn't retired.  I am the reason my disabled uncle has less money due to tax reasons. I am their burden, i am only here because they're obligated due to promises they made to my father, and a feeling of owing him. I am my fathers legacy i suppose.

I've been in and out of therapy since i was 11. I got my last psychologist last year. I was given a maximum of 24 sessions and then there was no therapy offered to me. I have a psychiatrist who is impossible to get appointments with on short notice. I see her every 3 months for 10 minutes to talk about my medication etc. When my therapy ended the psychologist offered me alternatives. Small time group counseling, like 3 sessions. And then another place that offer slightly more long term counseling. They refused on grounds that i was still receiving care (aka my medication only reviews which are every 3 months) and that my therapy had only just ended. They gave me the number of samaritans and then hung up.

I was offered an employment officer. Since i have no care plan or nurse she couldn't help me. She made an appointment for a place to talk to someone about cvs and stuff. Been to the place before, not a fan. I would of thought there would be schemes available for people like me, mentally ill but coherent people who need a job but struggle due to their issues. They recommend going onto job seekers allowance, which means I'll be forced to apply for every single job and spend a mininum of 35 hours a week searching for work. It's soul destroying, and I've heard so many stories of people being on it and having awful experiences. 
I asked to see the employment officer earlier as i was struggling. She refused to see me. I asked for stepped up care (aka, nurses visit you in your home), but was refused on grounds I had a employment officer for support. I asked the employment officer 2 weeks ago for the duty officers number, but I guess she forgot as I haven't received it nor heard anything from her. 

Since I'm 19 i have to pay for all my medical stuff. My prescription is normally £8.60 pounds but due to errors they doubled the prescription. So it was £17.20. Because instead of 2 a day/56 a month they gave me 2 separate prescriptions for it. I spoke to 3 different receptionists. The psychiatrists Secretary intervened and said the receptionist had fixed it. She hadn't. I went back. Once again i was offered 2 separate prescriptions. The receptionist then got up and left me standing there. The secretary from my psychiatrist then said she'd already intervened and wasn't going to do so again and it was up to me to sort it out before hanging up.

I also have to pay just to see a dentist. I'm using my savings for all of it. But i hate it.

I spoke to the safe guarding officer at college ans calld over 20 times and left a message. Finally i spoke to her 4 weeks ago. She promised to speak to student finance for me about student loans. Nobody has called me.

I have absolutely no support from anyone. I am a burden. I'm unattractive, covered in keloid scarring. I'm overweight, I'm mentally ill.

I am poison. I ruin every relationship and friendship because of who i am. A self destructive jealous angry person. I am poison and I'm so tired of hurting.

I've exercised. Ate better food. Slept better. Done all that stuff and it hasn't helped. It's not that it's my depression making me feel bad, it's that my life sucks. I don't want to live anymore. When I'm dead I'm dead, so i don't have to feel guilty over what I've done.

I got accepted to a uni course. Wanna know the truth? I got a distinction on my course. And why did I? Because for every exam a professor gave me the answers to 80 percent of the exam. I didn't complete all units and he lied on all the coursework about my results. I was given a good review. I never asked for it, i felt bad, but i couldn't say anything 

I feel panicked at the idea of uni. They're much more strict. I don't want to do it. But the maintenance loans will help me pay rent to my grandmother and bills to my uncle. 

The first thing my grandmother said to me on monday was I had gained weight and should go swimming. I can't because of my scars as I've said dozens of times. Today the first thing she said was whether I'd found a job yet. I know it's her way of caring. But she's cold, harsh. She sees me as weak. I've heard her talk about me as overly sensitive, not knowing how good i have it, spoiled, lazy etc. What i went through. The neglect and emotional abuse, losing my father, the sexual assault, none of it matters. I'm just weak to everyone. 

I am everyone's therapist. My mother, sister, one of my uncles and my other grandparents. I listen for hours. They talk over me and don't listen. My mother's the worst for not listening to me. My sister just doesn't get it at all. My grandparents ignore what i say and just talk over me. I am burned out. I haven't spoke to anyone much. I just don't care.

I hate myself. The way I did when I was 11, though not as severe. I know that I have no way of getting a job, no way of earning no money. I don't want to go to uni. It's the same as my college. Same campus of sorts. 

I am ready to die. I said it outloud. I know it's my only escape from the pain and what I am. I have been refused all help. I've lost my dignity in having to ask and be constantly rebuffed. 

It's finally over. I'm gonna carry on playing my game, eat shit food and smile because I know I can finally give in and do what I want. I don't have to do the right thing.