I don’t know how long I can keep going.I don’t know a great way to start this off, so I guess I’ll take this rant all the way back in my history. Let's go back to my first day of middle school.

Now, I live in a very ghetto area. Both my middle and high schools are ratchet as fuck. When I went to elementary school, it wasn’t like this at all. It was in a comfortable, stable, predominately white area. It was like a normal elementary school. I had no exposure to memes, other than those old classic memes with white text and what not. I had no exposure to the hood, vines, memes, etc. All of that, I never even heard of. And so, it was very surprising and awakening when I went to middle school. I never experienced something like this before. It was alien to me. It was a whole new world that I had to adapt to.

The thing I am talking about today is my two personalities. The two versions of myself. Not anything like Multiple Personality Disorder/Dissociative Identity Disorder or anything like that. I mean the two different versions of myself.

One of my versions is the shy, quiet, loner kid. The kid that obviously would get picked on. The serious, almost emotionless, quiet and shy little proper white kid. The other version of me, is ghetto, swears a lot, and whatever. I developed the other personality, because I had to. If I didn’t act like everyone else, if I didn’t adapt to the way the social system works, if I didn’t adapt to this new, unknown world, how was I going to survive?

I remember when I was in middle school. I remember all the bullying that happened to me, and how being bullied by ghetto kids all the time for years, definitely changed me. I remember all the times I was picked on. It’s a funny, albeit cringy thing now, that I am a much different person than I was back then. I remember how much it affected me, living in that lifestyle. I still remember many moments from back then, many fights I got in. I remember how much I hated those who ever bullied and harassed me. I remember being so serious about it. I remember it got so bad that I even wanted to murder all of them. I remember the fantasies and planning I had, about going to school, and killing everybody. It sounds bad, especially when it was in middle school, but I remember being so serious and torn apart by it all. Now, of course, looking back, I cringe and laugh about that shit now, but I still remember it all vividly. I still remember the day that I was THIS close to actually going to my school with a knife and killing everybody, but I decided not to. I still remember that shit, even though, now, I laugh and cringe by it. And that goes to show you how much I changed since then, how much I adapted to the lifestyle of going to school in ghetto areas.

I change just in personality a lot depending on who I am with, or where I am at. It’s like, if I am with one of my homies, even if they’re with their own friends, who I normally would be too shy to talk to, even in front of teachers and adults, whatever, my confidence level goes up. I’m instantly the fun, funny, ghetto white boy. Even if it’s with a total stranger, if the situation calls for it, I change my own personality on instinct. It’s like a switch is flipped. If there’s ever a stressful situation, like maybe someone is harassing me, or talking shit, or there is someone on some fuck shit, any situation that gets me sweaty, scared, whatever, my brain just takes over, I react on instinct. I can’t even think or control myself at that point. My brain just reacts and takes over. I’m a slave to my own brain. I’ll end up acting all hood and shit, though sometimes my brain just switches to the other, quiet, passive, boring version. Whatever the situation is, I just react.

Now the thing is, is that these two versions of myself, it’s tearing me apart at this point. It’s like a game of Tug of War, with my two personalities going at it, trying to take control of my body and mind. At this point, it’s controlling and ruining my life. My relationship with my parents and family feels so alien at this point. My parents always wonder why I act all quiet, serious, almost like a zombie all the time, they wonder why I always seem all depressed and whatever, and the answer is, is that I have to. If I ever acted all ghetto and shit, they wouldn’t like it. They already don’t like it when their own kids swear in front of them, like saying a fucking word that society says is bad for some reason will place some harm on them? I don’t know. But I do know that if I ever acted like that, they would get mad about that, they wouldn’t like it, and so I’m forced to use my other personality. This ruined my whole relationship with my parents, siblings, whatever. If I’m with a close relative, like my nephew, who is used to me acting that way, and is kind of that way himself, I bring a bit of my ghetto-ness out, and it feels good, like my mind feels more free and relaxed, than if I am with, literally anyone else in my family. It is just hard to even have any enjoyment and fun with my family anymore. I wish I could go back to when I actually felt like I had a family, now I just feel like I have temporary owners, which is technically not wrong, but still, you get the idea. I have to act ghetto, because that’s just how you survive at this point. There are great things that I got from living in that lifestyle. I definitely became more intelligent, mature, aware of the world and reality, etc. It definitely brought many great things. But to me, the bad outweighs the good. The versions of myself are pulling me apart, I’m just a robot at this point. I developed that version as a coping mechanism, to adapt and be like everyone else, just so I could survive there. Before that, I had no friends, I was a shy, lonely, quiet, bullied kid that everyone loved to pick on, and ignore and laugh at. I used to get bullied all the time, and yet, after adapting and getting used to it all, I started mimicking everyone else subconsciously, just so I could have a chance to feel accepted, to have friends, because now, being a sophomore in high school, I have many friends now, and that is mostly because of the way I act. The only reason I even have friends and the only reason I even survive being in high school is because of that. It’s always funny when I’m with my friends and someone’s like “lol look at this Harry Potter looking ass white boy tryna talk hood lmao”. That is what I think it is subconsciously, it is all a coping mechanism.

But it’s not like it’s all fine and dandy, even with my friends. There have been many times that I’ve gone too far with how I act, that I even almost lost friends over it. I remember one time, I made a joke to one of my friends about how his mom was his girlfriend. Now, I know that seems fucked up, but the thing is, is that me and my friends, we roast each other all the time, we throw insults at each other all day everyday. None of us ever get hurt or offended by any jokes we make, even if the roast is towards our families. And so when I was joking with him like I always do, he started reacting all angry and violent at me, and I didn’t even know what I did wrong. He even blocked me on Snapchat and everything. I even talked to some of my other friends about it, and even they started reacting all angry. They didn’t want me to talk to them ever again. The drama got bad as shit. As it turns out, they, and their friends were planning to jump me during school. One of my friends got together with a few of his friends and walked me down to apologize to my other friend, because yeah, I shouldn’t have made that comment to him, knowing how much he loves his girl, and so I was like “aight, I’ll solve this real quick”, and so we went down. They gathered around me, because apparently they would probably fight me, and apparently I can’t defend myself worth a shit, and so they all gathered by me, walking me down there. As I’m walking, we’re going down, and one of his friends was like “wow him? He looks so small and little, like he can’t even defend himself. He looks like an innocent kid, why are they trying to fight him?” And they were talking about how scrawny I am, so yeah, that definitely didn’t help it. So yeah, we all made up, they forgave me and that was it. Good thing too. I would’ve lost the most important friends here. Without them school would’ve been EVEN more boring than it already is. There were also times where people got way too offended and angry just because I joke around all the time. Just today, I was messing with my friends, right, and we always roast each other, call each other gay and shit like that. Apparently the lesbian in the class got offended by that, while we were working, and was like “as a person who is gay, can you like, shut the fuck up” and talking shit like that, and she even threw shit at me, pushing me out the doorways like an angry mom and doing shit like that. Because apparently jokingly calling your friends gay, even though they don’t really care about it at all, they do it to me as well, we just fuck with each other, and apparently people just can’t take a joke at this point. It’s like, all I want to do is have fun, make people laugh. I fantasize every day about being with my friends, laughing, roasting each other, whatever, and we all laugh at each other, have fun, all that. Apparently that’s impossible in reality. There’s this one asshole in my class, that is all sarcastic and disrespectful all the time. Everyday he acts all bitchy whenever I’m around. One time, I was cleaning the area, turning off lights, being organized, shit like that. I went to turn off the lights in this one room, and closed the door. I didn’t even know he was in the room. He starts yelling and shit being all like “turn the FUCKING lights back on” and yelling and shit, and I was like “oh my bad”, even though I should’ve been like “bitch who the fuck is you yelling at” and all that. One time, I was just sitting in my chair talking to my friend, and he was talking about some random girl that likes hitting him playfully, and I don’t even remember what I said, I was joking about shit like “yo pussy ass wouldn’t even hit back either lol” and he was like “shut up freshmen lol” and shit like that, and then he walked over to the asshole kid, and he was like “he said I was a pussy because I wouldn’t hit (girl’s name) back XD”, and the dude walked up and was like “well if you hit her I’d prolly snap your neck but...” then he turns to me “if you did it I’d probably do worse, I don’t really like you that much”. I don’t know why this motherfucker keeps talking shit. Like what did I do to him that makes him be all fucking rude and disrespectful?

At this point I don’t know if anyone can take a joke anymore. No one can accept my sense of humor. I try to be all funny and shit and people just mock me wherever I go. I’m just not good enough for anyone I guess.

Anyways, these two personalities control everything in my life. It doesn’t even feel like I’m a human at this point, that I’m just an advanced robot that is really good at acting. Am I really a human? Do I really feel emotion at all? It certainly doesn’t feel like it. To me, even when I am laughing, or whatever, it doesn’t feel like I am actually feeling anything, it just feels like I’m acting. Am I really happy? Or am I just pretending. I don’t know. I don’t know anything at this point.

I just hope I die so I don’t have to experience this shitty existence anymore. I don’t know how I survive this shit. I hope y’all have any feelings, any psychology or psychoanalysis or whatever y’all could tell me about myself. I don’t even know anything at this point. I don’t know how long I can stay alive. Maybe after I die I’ll be born into a better existence, I don’t know. Thank you guys.