Either I need to change everything about my life or Im going to impulsively kill myself, just have to write this somewhereThanks for reading. I remember in middle school I was obsessed with schizophrenia. I had so much anxiety and guilt from basically nothing that I felt like I needed a 'psychotic break' and rebirth, some sort of climax that could make me feel like I could start over again. Then in high school I basically withdrew completely and hung out with extremely insecure girls (am also female) and did reckless intense shit with my father outside of school, and read a lot. Then in college I felt like I was in high school because it was a tiny campus, although I had no separation from school and 'home', started to isolate myself more and more, paranoia, etc. Im a sophomore in college now and Im pretty sure everyone thinks I have severe substance abuse, the bullshit psychiatrist Im getting antidepressants from made me do a drug test (completely clean). Because Im stoic as fuck and cant emotionally invest in anything, cold and aloof seems to be natural state. 

And Im not suicidal as I write this but sometimes when I wake up I realize that I have built prison walls around myself. And that everything is extremely dark and bizarre in my head. The urge to kill myself can get so so strong, or its not there at all. That Im already dead and killing myself is just another step. I need to get rid of these thick self harm scars, I want to find a guy who has substance abuse problems and slightly sociopathic so I can get away from my fathers' ridiculous anger and fear and over protectiveness. But Im failing every class in college, I want to drop out, I need to be in academia somehow because I love intelligent book-reading people, but the amount of emotional pain and paranoia and distrust of everyone I experience all the time is unbelievable. I don't know what to do. Ive been to a mental hospital and it does nothing. Most people can't empathize with antisocial tendencies and Im sick of hanging out with people who just see me as weird. Im so sick of this, want to get out of here and never experience pain again. Everything positive about myself is disappearing while I sit here completely paralyzed, not connected to anything. 