Feeling an ultimatum for myselfI am currently living by myself away from my family and in a trailer. I am using a propane heater for warmth and can only afford that as anything more is too much currently.  I am looking for a job to solve all these issues as I have been trying for 8 years to get into this field and have sent out hundreds of applications in the past 3 years.  everyone has been denied.  I feel that if I don't get a position this year (not sure by what deadline maybe sometime in February) I will end up relieving my pain of being alone and not having a  job. I don't have any friends where I currently am and nothing to look forward to each day besides going to bed for a few hours.  I have multiple plans and will probably combine a couple of them to ensure that the job will be done properly.  I don't want it to come to this point but year after year I have suffered through empty efforts and promises as I see everyone who has worked around me get promotions where I am clearly qualified.  I am looking at writing a letter soon to make sure all my thoughts are down in case this is what is needed to be done. I can't keep living like this, I look back and everything is an empty promise. like I previously stated I don't want it to amount to this but I won't continue to put myself through this pain and suffering anymore and will relieve it the only way I know-how and it will be guaranteed relief for me. 

I have tried for years to find people to talk to and become friends with no luck I am always in the same boat.  We chat it up for a while and eventually, they leave and stop responding without a trace.  I have tried the r/r4r page the r/findfriends and others but nothing works out (the curse of being a guy I suppose). I have been hurt for too long and I am sure with everything I will have written down finally people will open their eyes to it for someone else.  I don't get why this has happened if I am being punished for something idk what it is. However, 3 straight years of suffering, barely affording stuff and not being able to live on my own have pushed me to this point.  The suicide hotline has done nothing for me so I don't trust them as that is the reason I am posting here. I rarely ever get any messages or comments for any post here in general so I don't expect that with this as well.  I mainly wanted to write this for it to be out there for others to see and to get off my chest as maybe someone else will be saved as I feel I am pretty much pushed the breaking point.