My ambitions are the only thing I have leftI'm so tired of talking about it. The same  things over and over. I know people are tired of hearing about it.

My anxiety, depression, and now my health. 

I know people have it worse, all I want is a helping hand

I haven't talked to anyone besides my family in months, i have no one to talk to, they're all gone

I'm scared ill do it. I'm afraid of getting to that point. And if I ever do come out of this, i know if i came back down i wont make it.

I do love myself.

the only person that wants me is the my ex, even then she will just go again. The only person that knows i am even alive is here. what an accomplishment i made for myself

When i lost it all 7 months ago, i have sat in seclusion. re thinking my life. Motivated but physically unable to do what i want, a mental handicap and a currency one.

I used to be so active, enjoying life. Friends around me, goofy.
Gave it up for a woman. Grew up. Got a nice job, an apartment together. Chose my friends better.
Then anxiety got worse. Panic attacks. She mocked it, said it was in my head. Left me for her ex multiple times. I lost my friends, i "changed". My body destroyed me. I had to move home with my parents. My dad doesn't work. I about lost my car, i sold all of my belongings. So there I sat. In my old room, with no wall or door. Listening to them bitch and scream everything. Panic attacks over and over.
I should mention they live 30 miles from the nearest public building. And cannot afford to pay for my transportation.
So I tried to get on online schooling. I wait weeks. Finally they say I had to go to Columbus on a 2 hour drive to do an hour meeting. I have no way.
Last week I get a notice saying I owe taxes. Ill have to sell my car. Now the bank says I owe them 500 dollars, they closed my account. Insurance company wants money also for the "damages" of having to mess with my bank.
Now on top of that, I have been in pain. All over my body, cramping in my stomach, shortness of breath, chest pain. Its doing it as I write. Feels like someone is ripping apart my stomach. (I know what panic attacks are like.)

I have no medical insurance. IO cant see a doctor. I feel like i'm dying already. I feel like i should write a good bye letter.

I know my Ex hurt me, but she is still a wonderful person that deserves the best. I don't know what I have done to my friend to hurt him, I am sorry. As for the other I only ignored you because I wanted to avoid the drugs. I got a timer ticking on me, I can feel it. I don't know how to describe it.. I am an theist. I don't know what awaits me, I wish I could have the faith of other men. Maybe then I could keep going.

I think i am going to finish writing it on paper