My previously reliable methods of coping and have suddenly failed, and I am panicking.I'm going to preface this by saying that I am not at immediate risk of ending my life. More accurately, I am at risk of being at risk of harming myself. I can't stop thinking about ending it, and while I know this is sort of common, I need some guidance or words of support because I feel like I'm hurtling towards that danger at frightening speed. I hope that it's OK that I post here despite not having the immediate intention to harm or kill myself.

Somewhere around 3 months ago, I broke up with my girlfriend of 2 and a half years. I was miserable in the relationship, and she was miserable as a result. I don't know if I can properly explain why I was unhappy, but I figured that given we're both still young-ish (both 26 years old) and that my lack of passion for the relationship seemed too high a hurdle to jump, I ended it. It wasn't amicable, but it was respectful. And for a while, I felt amazing. An enormous weight had been lifted off my shoulders, I was free to do those things I couldn't do when I was with her (small unimportant things, eg. playing video games at odd hours). And I got so productive too. I lost an enormous amount of weight through diet and exercise, I got amazingly good grades on my exams and I got really social.

She turned ugly after a couple weeks. Nasty texts, nasty public twitter messages; all acts of despair rather than malice but hurtful nonetheless. I had to cut off contact, and I did so as respectfully as possible. All this ugliness was like a parade of the worst parts of our relationship (greatly exaggerated by the trauma of a break-up), and basically kept me from remembering the good things about our relationship (and there were lots).

After a month, a girl asked me out, and I went for it. And for the first month, things were great. Nothing has changed now, in fact she's even more affectionate than she was at the start (an issue for me at first), but now I am so deep in a pit of depression and regret and I don't know what to do.

I've been through a bit in my life - my sister killed herself last year, my best friend the year prior, my aunt and my grandmother before that. Also, my parents were abusive (physically &amp; emotionally), though I know that's not exactly a rarity these days. Though it's all been traumatic, it has granted me some really valuable insight into myself, and over the years when faced with an emotional crisis or drama, I've taken so much comfort in being able to objectify a situation and deal with it in a way that seemed rational. My best coping tool has been myself, basically. I know that not all situations can be 100% objectified, I'm not a cold emotionless machine, but I usually let that objectivity drive my way to resolution though all the emotion, and it's been SO effective.

I found out last week that my ex started seeing someone, and that they've gotten SUPER serious. He gave her a $6500 family heirloom, and I'm hearing about how she's finally so happy. I am truly glad for this. She deserves happiness, and she has a lot of love to give. And for some reason, this news has destroyed me. I can objectively say that at the time, my breaking up with her was the most sensible choice, but for some reason, now after so many things, my tools for coping with this emotional crisis ARE NOT WORKING. I can not stop feeling enormous regret for breaking up with her, and longing for a time machine so I can reverse the damage (a completely destructive thought, since time machines OF COURSE don't exist). Meanwhile, my feeling this way is a supremely shitty thing to do to my current girlfriend, and I am 100% aware of this. I entered the relationship with her innocently, I truly thought I was over my ex (I really soul-searched!), and now, this.

To reiterate, while my objective summary of the situation backs up my actions - we were unhappy and I ended it, she's found happiness and that's a REALLY GOOD THING, I cannot dig myself out of this deep emotional pit and nothing I do seems to help. I can't stop thinking about hurting myself, because I'm so incredibly desperate to feel something other than this. I am aware of the repuccusions of harm or suicide on my family which has already gone through so much - too much - but I'm beginning to lose the ability to care. I know that in time, things will probably be better, but I cannot find comfort in that. I can't find comfort in anything, I just hate myself for seemingly destroying the happiness in my life, and for, for want of a better term, actively emotionally cheating on my current girlfriend who deserves better than to be with someone with his heart in two places.

To reiterate again, but more succinctly, my one tool for dealing with crisis has suddenly stopped working and it's sent me hurtling down into a dark place at an impossible rate. I was 100% fine a week ago. Help.

x-post to relationship_advice