New Years - Relationship ended tonight - HelpHere is my story:

It is my first relationship. First year of college. It is a long distance relationship.

Well it ended. And right now I have no idea what I feel. I actually feel numb. When she said she wanted to end the relationship I actually thought the situation was interesting. That everything led up to that because I asked about something last night. I blame myself for has happened. It is my fault and I understand that. However, I just want to vent for now. I think one of the most hurtful comments was "this is why you never have sex with a virgin". The look that she gave me when she said "do not touch me" was...horrible. I acted mature when talking with her. Wanting to resolve our issue. She took that as me being too clingy. I should state this now: our relationship is non committed / not long term relationship. Me asking where our relationship was at / how she felt of me is what took this relationship south.

Maybe I was too clingy. Well obviously since doesn't want to continue the relationship. I never expected from me wanting to talk about our relationship it would lead to this breakdown. It's interesting how me caring about her drove us apart which actually makes sense if I look at it from her view. I visit, (we have had previous arguments about clinginess), ask her about the relationship, she takes it as me being clingy, and bam. Relationship in shambles.
You know what she told me when I realized I should just leave the room? She was sitting there and looked sad. She had been biting her finger tips till they bled. I didn't want to just leave her like that so I asked her for a hug. She asked me, "why?". I responded with "so I don't just leave you in shambles". She does this slight laugh and tells me "are you sure you aren't the one in shambles". This oddly hurt. I mean not as much as her telling me to never touch her and giving me that look of hurt. That look of hurt after I tried to hug her...it was like I tore out her heart. She looked like a hurt puppy with the way she put her arms to her chest. I can't believe I hurt her that much. The thing is...I shouldn't feel so hurt by this. We were in a non committed relationship and just the fact that she has been this influential to cause this feeling means I was becoming too attached. I blame myself. It's a shame.

(as of now I am now feeling very sad than I was when I started writing this)

If anyone has time to just talk via PM please let me know. I just really need to talk to someone.

- - - - - - - - - 

I'v been having suicidal thoughts since I my first day of the Fall semester. It is my first year of college. I felt lonely. I became too attached to the girl I talked about above. I always brushed off the suicide thoughts as I would be too afraid to do it, but now the relationship just ended while my visit at her house. I still have a few days to leave. I don't know what to do.. I want to at least remain friends because the thought of absolutely never talking to her again is driving me to such dark thoughts. I'm scared. 

I don't want to go back to being so sad like I was in the semester. It hurt so much and I can't tell her because that would drive us further apart. It hurts to not let her know the pain she caused me. I don't know how I can move on. 

Please, I need someone to talk to.