I'm exhausted and honestly don't know how much longer I've got before I give in.Sorry if formatting makes it difficult to read. This is kind of a stream of thoughts thing and I have no plan on how I am approaching it so I don't quite know where it will go.

&amp;#x200B;

I thought these feelings were gone for good when I overcame a severe depression over a year ago. However, the past 3 or so months have drained me and it came back worse than ever before. At the moment I have lost all but 2 people from my support group, I've lost all drive and motivation, and don't have much to look forward to. I was always one to look for the future, that is what saved me the first time as well as having someone who truly loved me by my side. But now I don't see that future and have lost that person. When I say I can't see the future, I mean I can't see myself living to 30 or even 25 for that matter(I'm 20). I want to drop out of my university because I see no value in continuing when the future I planned seems impossible. I can't see the future 30 seconds from now. I've been chasing and chasing resolution and fixes for the past few months and it has only made things worse and has left me exhausted. I don't sleep anymore, and even if I get decent hours I still wake up feeling like shit because my dreams constantly mentally drain me and ruin me emotionally. I've always been a fighter and wanted to fight and overcome obstacles, but it doesn't feel so easy anymore. Or worth it. The only thing I have left to fight for is something that is so uncertain that it might put me in an even worse spot. I'm certain that the high point of my life has come and gone and things just won't get better. My therapist hasn't helped much despite me hoping that talking to someone would help calm and sort things out. The only reason I am still here is because of that one thing I am clinging to and my fear that if I end it, I'll never get to see how that plays out. On the other hand, I am terrified to see how it plays out in the case that it ruins me even more. That pushes me closer to just ending things because I know for a fact I can't take another hit to the face. I can't let someone down or be a let down or have things go wrong again because that string holding me up will snap in two. I always said that I wanted to save at least one person before I die, and I have done that. My life had meaning. That's gone now. My reason for waking up, for fighting, for working, for planning a future, and for continuing is gone. There is nothing left for me now.