:)Dad will be 72 by may 31, he had cancer not so long ago and it weakened him considerably, he's slowly getting better tho, he's doing the best he can to provide for our family, mom doesn't work. Dad doesn't have relations, he doesn't know People, with capital F, because yes it does matter in this fucked up country where I live, corruption is at its peak, if you don't know Someone, you're condemned to spend your life as a handkerchief, justice is a Chimera. I have two little brothers, one is 14, the other is 11, they fight all day long. I'm 17, I stutter, used to like people but started a year ago to fuck up every friendship I had, except a few, ranked third in my school ( the first got 19.02/20, second got 19.01, I got 18.99) but still perceived as stupid by my family. 

Dad doesn't have much to live, and he'll leave me with a lot of responsibility, and I don't know if I'll ever be able to handle it. When he'll be gone, I'll still be studying, my brothers too, and we'll need to finance that, as well as other things. My brothers will still be too young to work, so I'll have to do it, I'll have to study for my degree and somehow manage to earn money to provide for my family. Otherwise, we'll just live miserably until one day we just die. Today, I was walking down the street with some of the only friends I had left, we stopped by one of our friends' house and waited for him to come out. As we were waiting, some old dude(55yo ig?) comes at us, told us to walk away. So we said he doesn't have the right to make us go anywhere if we aren't making any noise or if we aren't within a meter of his house, to which he replied by "I'm gonna fuck you up and there's nothing you can do about it". We continued arguing until we decided to just go away and that's when he approached me, took off his glasses and stared at me, we were a centimeter apart and I didn't back off, I just stood there, and he didn't do anything, he backed off, I remember he said something but I can't remember what exactly. I know what I could have done to that asshole, but I didn't do it, he knows People, I heard he pays police officers monthly, if I did anything the consequences would have been catastrophic to my family. Plus, my friends do have connections, but I don't want them to help me. If they do, they'll just find out how vulnerable I am and will exploit me through it.

I hate this. I hate how power makes people arrogant and stupid. I also hate how my dad didn't bother making high value friends so I won't have to deal with people's shit. Moreover, it would've changed my odds at getting accepted in universities, and I wouldn't have to study as hard as I do now. 

This whole thing is just pointless, and I don't even know why I'm writing, I'm not giving it that much of importance, I just did it, my instinct told me so. My death is meaningless, and suicide isn't that big of a deal for me, I guess I'm hoping for something to come out of this? Idk. Btw, I like maths.