Lethargic SurvivalI have had suicidal thoughts since I was 12 years old. I still remember filling the sink with water and holding my head under for short periods of time.

I wasn't even sure of what I was doing, I knew it wouldn't be enough to kill me. I just didn't understand the concept yet. I learned how to hurt myself shortly thereafter in life.

Over a decade later and this forceful passenger has always been with me. Sometimes he whispers at me to veer off the road once and for all. 

Sometimes he begs and pleads. Sometimes he screams.

Lately, no matter how well I've planned my departure. No matter how much of a new low I am experiencing, I just can't put anything into action. I've grown lethargic.

The feeling has never subsided, I think about suicide and hear the voice of my subconscious begging me for release at least once a day, every day. I exhaust myself instead of lying down when tired because I fear being berated by my internal monologue about my inability to act.

It's almost the afternoon and the screen of my phone and the words written here are my only shield from that passenger once again begging me. 

"Let me take the wheel" 

When I finally give in to that upper tier of despair, I'll have the motivation to finish things. 

I don't know why I'm writing here. I never contact anyone, I never let on that I'm depressed. I don't have close friends. I guess it's a cruel feeling.

Being too drained to end your own life, and tortured by feeling so alone because of it. Because you can't tell anyone how you feel or what little creature comforts keeping you sane could be ripped from you.

Part of me wants to feel better. Part of me that has been locked away and hidden for many years.

My conscious mind is at the wheel, coasting though life.

My depression has always been with me, screaming and taunting me from the passengers seat. Always close to winning out.

My heart and my remaining flickers of hope are locked in the truck. An old friend I've all but forgotten, but I know is alive.

I read my thoughts sprawled out here, and they seem dramatic. Romanticized, something I would skip over with cynicism. I just... want to know if I seem as crazy as I do to myself. As fake, as romanticized or dramatic.

I just want to hear something. from anyone. I don't have anyone to talk to.

Sorry for the long post to get to that.

