Depressed about a girl. Having suicidal thoughts. Please help me.Hi SW. I am a college student, and my story is fairly generic, I guess. I met a girl at the beginning of the school year who was a friend of a friend. I didn't really think much of her at first since I wasn't initially attracted to her. But since we shared so many friends, we ended up spending a lot of time together, basically every day. I fell in love with her. (this is usually where most people say "no, you just have a crush on her." it's not a crush. I've had crushes before. This is different). I realized I was friend zoned at first, and this bothered me. But I thought, at least for the moment, that I could live with that. I thought, "who knows? I wasn't attracted to her when I met her. Things can change."

Then later in the year, one of my friends made it pretty blatant that he was also interested in her. He was very intimate with her, despite the fact that they weren't going out, weren't in a relationship, had never hooked up, etc. I became jealous and sad and angry. I couldn't really hide it from her. She realized I was angry and depressed, but I'm not sure if she realized why. I don't *think* she did.

This happened for a couple of weeks. I have been a good student for most of my life. But for these few weeks, I could not concentrate on anything. Whenever I tried to do homework or study or anything, I would just constantly think, "what if they're going on a date right now? what if they're having sex right now?". I could not take it. I would try to be around her as much as possible to try to convince myself they weren't going out. So not only could I not concentrate on my work, but I wouldn't have enough time for it either. My grades suffered as a result.

Eventually I learned that she was not and was never interested in him. This provided great temporary relief, because she made clear to him that the intimacy was not okay.

But somewhere in this time, she became cold towards me. We were pretty close friends before all this shit began. I tried to talk to her about it, and it seemed everything was resolved. But it seems now, she only pretends to be friends with me. She may have realized that I like her, but I don't think that's it.

Typing all this out, this seems like a dumb reason to be depressed. But you have to understand that for my entire life, I have thought it impossible for a girl to like me. Why? Because no girl ever has. In fact, girls seem repulsed by me. Until this year, I had never had any close female friends. Acquaintances at best. And not only do I think girls don't like me, but I don't even like most girls. The crushes I have had in my life have been few and far between, and this is the only person I have ever loved. I just don't think it is possible for there to be another person like her. I certainly have met no one.

I have tried talking to my friends about this. But the advice they all give, which is utterly useless, is "just get over her." That is not possible. I am not the type of person who can just get over stuff.

I have tried talking to her over summer, even though I can't see her... but it does not seem that she has any interest in talking to me, even as a friend.

I am so sad right now. She was the only girl that I liked who gave 2 fucks about me... and now that is gone. Today I considered drowning myself. I filled up my bath with water (it's quite big), and then drained it. I have had suicidal thoughts and fantasies for a lot of my life. But it has never been this strong. I want to jump off a building, or shoot myself. I simply cannot take this.

My friends have been unable to help me. My family cannot help me. Reddit, please help me.