I really like someone who has suicidal thoughts and is in a meaningless relationshipI'm a 22 year old guy, and for the last year or so i've gradually come to really like a girl who i've been working with and seeing everyday. We had gotten to know each other well, and i always got the impression that she was unhappy. She is a popular girl who has a lot of extroverted friends, and she goes out a lot with them; however she seems very introverted, and gives off the impression of being cold (which i don't think she is). I decided not to tell her how i felt about her for a long time because i didn't want to make working with her awkward; she also ended up getting back with an ex bf half way through our work placement together.
 
At the end of our placement, i decided that i would tell her how i felt, in the hope that by being honest with her i could find out if she was happy or not. She ends up telling me that she has suicidal thoughts and that there have been certain days in which she has really considered commiting suicide; she also said that she believed that true happiness didn't exist. She said that she was with her boyfriend because that's the way things were, and that's where she had been placed.

Subsequently, i tried getting her to talk to me more about it- she told me all of this whilst we were on a night out, and i wanted to talk to her face to face during the day. I ended up seeing her every week or so for the next month or two, on nights out, and the same conversation would take place. I eventually told her by text that i wanted to see her the following afternoon, and that i'd wait for her outside the clock tower nearby where we live, and that i would understand if she wouldn't turn up. I ended up waiting for her in the rain for an hour, but she didn't turn up. I saw her a few weeks later, again on a night out, and she said that she needed time to think. It's been about a month since then, and i don't think she's going to get back to me. The problem is, she has only told 2 other people about this- she said that one of them, her friend, treated her like a weirdo for having suicidal thoughts, and the other (her bf) didn't really do anything about it- hoping it would get better i'm assuming. 

So, do i continue to pursue this, seeing as there is no one else that knows about it and is trying to talk to her/help her, or do i let it go and try and move on, considering that she is reluctant to talk to me and that i also have feelings for her?

TL;DR- A girl i like with suicidal thoughts, only told two other people and isn't being helped at all by them, reluctant to talk to me about it- do i stay and try and help, or leave it? 