i'm so tiredi don't know where else to post this so here goes nothing

i'm sixteen, will be turning seventeen in a weeks, i've struggled with depression, dysthymia, asperger's, anxiety, adhd, probably more at this point my entire life and i feel like i have nothing to live for. i have literally no friends offline, and i am so lonely because of it. i want to go out and be social and do things but i can't because making friends seems impossible for me. i can't relate to anyone and i feel like i was born far too late in the grand scheme of things. i don't know if i want to kill myself but i don't think i want to be alive either. i thought maybe being on summer vacation might help feel better but it barely has. if the rest of my life is just going to be barely getting by and feeling numb all the time what to do i have to look forward to? i keep thinking over and over again about how much better off everyone would be without me. suicide is a reoccurring thought in my mind but i know i'm too afraid to actually go through with it and that makes me feel even worse about myself. 

the only thing that keeps me going sometimes is thinking about the fact that my favorite musical artist (ian curtis, the lead singer of joy division) killed himself and that wherever he is, he wouldn't want me to go down the same path as him. but what the fuck do i know. all i have is a bunch of old pretentious dad rock shit to make me feel better and i know how cringey and stupid that is. i live vicariously through the media of a decade i wasn't alive to see in a country i've never been to. i bury my nose in pretentious existentialist dribble, dostoyevsky, kafka, the like, and then wonder why i don't have any friends or why i can't relate to anyone. 

adding to the heap of bullshit that is my life, i have extreme gender dysphoria. i have huge tits, am somewhat overweight, and i hate it, i wish i were born a man but at the same time i don't know what i want or who i am, if i am a girl or a boy, i've explaining to my parents how i feel but they don't "get" it.  i have a psychiatrist appointment tomorrow and i feel like i need to tell her all this but i know i won't because it's weird and offputting and embarrassing. 

i feel like i will never amount to anything. i don't know what to do anymore. dying seems like the best thing to do right now. i just wanted to get everything off of my chest and maybe that'll help.