Why the fuck does nothing go right?My dad even jokes about how shitty my luck is. Growing up I was bullied a lot, grew up around shitty people in a shitty school. I was weird and wasn't really popular but made some friends. My parents have been alcoholics for a while. They were addicted to coke at one point. My brother always picked on me. I had severe anger issues and always fought. My parents were never really supportive or showed love. I was extremely sheltered, and it definitely affected me. I didn't know how to deal with any issues whether it was emotional or just life in general. I was never close with any of my family. Then I moved after 6th grade suddenly, my mom didn't even give me the chance to say bye to any of my friends. I wasn't accustomed to a suburban neighborhood, and I just hung around a bunch of depressed suicidal kids. I've been expelled 3 times. My mom had me falsely diagnosed as being mentally retarded, which fucked my life up. I was shuffled around facilities and group homes until I was 18 for a while because she insisted I was retarded and schizo, so did everybody else, despite the diagnosis of autism being taken off by so many doctors, and me not ever having any non-drug induced hallucinations. My parents gave up, dcs took over with the intentions of shuffling me around facilities. I didn't get shit out of it. Everybody gave up on me. I was constantly getting arrested before I turned 18. I made a dumbass decision to try to rob a drug dealer, he got stabbed and my friend got shot and now I have PTSD from that. April of last year I thought I found the love of my life, but she turned out to be a manipulative, lying piece of shit. I can't tell you how many times she cheated on me. She put on a completely different personality to trick me. And I've been in a very emotionally abusive relationship with her since. I live with her and her family and they all expect me to take care of her fucking kid that was conceived by her cheating on me. If I try to leave or break up or say I'm not raising her anymore she will manipulate and freak out and emotionally break me down to change my mind. She gave me a place to stay and a family to make me stay with her, then uses it against me. She'll threaten me, saying I might get kicked out if I continue fighting with her or walking out the house. During arguments She'll say how her family hates how I treat her and how they're pissed off at me, even though that's false. She's manipulated and lied to make me look like the bad guy. I've tried various drugs such as meth, xanax, codeine, percocets, and, unintentionally, fentanyl. I found out about the fentanyl after i collapsed outside a circle K and had to be taken to the hospital by ambulance. I don't have any friends. I have family but I can't stand them. I wish I had somebody to fucking love me. Nobody understands how much shit im going through, I can never get a break. It's always my fault when it comes to this girl and how I treat her. I wish somebody was there for me and would recognize how much shit I was going through, i wish somebody would fucking truly understand and not judge me or expect so much of me