I want to disappear in the mist and just leave in the middle of the night. Without a hint, a trace, or a map to where I'll be...I've destroyed everything I touched.
I'm the antithesis of the mythological Midas. 
Everything I touch crumbles.
Everything I'm a part of? Is poisoned.

I don't know if or when I will ever use a note like this.
But, I'm keeping it safe. Because I can't keep anything safe besides my own self-destruction.
I want to bleed.
I want to hurt.
I want to cry. And I want to die.

All I ever do is cause pain. To myself. To others. To everyone around me.

Every morning, I wake up, and I see a monotonous monstrosity staring back at me. 

Perhaps, the insomnia is getting so severe because I just want to sleep.

Perhaps, I want to die because I know life is unattainable. I'm alive, but I haven't lived in over a decade.

In American society, we are raised with so many concrete accomplishments. So many "finish lines" we cross. 

But by the time all of that passes? We are left fumbling, trying to make something of ourselves. When, I know that deep down, I mean absolutely nothing. To anyone.

When I die? I understand that I will not be remembered for long. I will be thought of from time to time. 

But the wind in the minds of others will pick up. And those thoughts of me will blow away like fallen leaves. I'll be devoured, distorted, and demolished. 

I'll be remembered, but those memories will fade like the sun setting into the ocean.

I don't want a tombstone. I don't want a funeral. I don't want a burial. I just want for me to not have effected the lives of others nearly as much as I fear.

I want life to move on. I want life to leave me behind. Because all I am and all I've ever been is an arsenic-like additive to an otherwise pure liquid lifeforce that everyone else seems to enjoy.

I'm toxic. I'm poison.
And I just wish that I could be fearless enough to die.

But I'm too afraid. I'm too entrenched in the fear of suicide that I was raised with.

I feel bolted down. I feel trapped beneath the sea. And it hurts to know I'm drowning when I never knew how to swim.