Yeah This Is BadI've been suicidal for a few years.  It hurts too much to talk about why at this point, something about a girl I loved, going to a shitty grad school and now being relatively unemployable except in a weird niche field.  

I threw my phone against the wall today after having a rather long conversation with my sister about killing myself.  Regardless of who I talk to all conversations seem to end the same way...with the other person not really knowing what to say, telling me they're there for me, and hoping I find something to live for.  Sometimes people argue aggressively with me about what there is to live for, etc.  

Applied for my pistol permit today.  Wrote a suicide note last Friday.  There's a broken glass on the floor in my bathroom that I haven't cleaned up since ?.  No phone...can't call anyone, didn't really help when I could.  Live alone, 18 hours away from family.  I don't think I'm ever going home. 

Suicide has a weird affect on your long term planning...I can't commit to next Wednesday, I want to be dead then!

I haven't told anyone the full extent of this shit, and don't want to because it just hurts them, they can't do anything, don't know what to say, and I don't want anyone to stop me.  I want to be dead.  

There's a lot of numbness in my body, pins and needles sometimes.  Very bad chest pains at times too.  I'm very hopefully that I'll have a heart attack, and have even tried exercising really hard and stopping.  I've gotten myself to vomit, and can get light headed but nothing else.  

I've stopped wearing my seatbelt like I used to and it's hard not to drive really fucking fast...  I already have the maximum number of points you can get on your license, losing that is a possibility.  

Smashed my last laptop with a sledgehammer.  Broke my last phone my throwing it against the wall too, I don't know how long this one will last.  

I really want this to end, I really want to be dead, or numb, or in a coma.  My sister really wants me to check into a mental institution.  Does anyone have any experience on this?  Does it help?  I don't think anything is going to help me, and I know that if I think that I make it true.  

Every once in a while a glimmer of a positive thought will float through my head but I can't hold onto them.  It's like they're slippery.  I know I should believe them or try to believe but I can't keep a grasp.

Bad  