Death can be a choice.I told a friend today that I have been wanting to end my life since I was 6 years old. I am almost 30 now. She tried to find ways to make me see positive in life. I told her a little allegory. 

"Imagine someone told you that in the store at the corner you can buy a pair of sneakers you want so much. You are happy. The only thing you want is a pair of nice sneakers. You are all happy walking to the store. You are feeling your pockets full of money that you earned by doing all that hard honest job,trying to make a positive difference in the world and not to be an asshole even if it's easier to be one. You enter the store with a big smile on your face and you look around.... The smile is disappearing slowly from your face. You are eyes have turned dark. Your whole body froze. You are thinking "What the fuck?"... But you are thinking it not in an angry way. You are saying in a disappointed way. Coz there are no sneakers there. There are only pumpkins. Fucking pumpkins. You Lok around the store again. No. There are no shoes you wanted so much which was the only reason you even came here. The question: WILL YOU STAY IN THE STORE FULL OF PUMPKINS IF WHAT YOU WANT IS A PAIR OF NICE SNEAKERS?"

My friend put a sad smile on her face and shook her head... 

I am angry at life. There are so many theories why we are born and what is the meaning of all of this. But you know, every time I learn a new theory I still think that life is the ugliest disappointment. Of we are born coz we agreed to in some different plane of reality I think we agreed coz we wanted something. Why would I agree to live a life that I have been living? Why would I agree to be raped by the person I trusted? Why would I agree to be a healthtaker of my.verybsick mother when I was a teenager while my dad was drinking coz of depression coz he didn't know how to raise me we while my mother was paralyzed on her bed? Why would I want a life where the only man I trust after being raped would ruined me to the very core and at the end after almost 3 years together saying he never saw a future with me? Why would I want a life when I lost hearing on my left ear permanently and without a possibility to have a hearing aid coz my nerve in my inner ear got destroyed? Why would I chose a life in which twice I almost died in a hospital in a foreign country being completely alone there and listening to my ex partner saying that he made a sacrifice of his time by coming to the hospital twice for 30 minutes. He didn't even show up the second time.  

I used to be doing many things. I got a Bachelor in Teaching and a Master in linguistics, I founded my own Language school in my home town that I ran till the day I had a nervous break down and started crying in front if my students in the middle of a class. I moved to another country trying to escape myself. I have been told that things would get better. I have been told I would find my love. But haha... True love doesn't exist for everyone. When I gear other people being desperate for love I want to take a pity of them... meanwhile look at me. Waiting for something that doesn't exist for me. 

I don't like this life. I hate it. 

I saw two couples sitting in front of me on the train and I felt so envious. I wanted them.to be apart. I wanted them to be as miserable as me. Why someone has it bit I can't? I sound like a person who has very serious mental problems. But I still want to have an answer. Why they have what I also want? I can never have it. I can't put myself through trying to trust to another human being. I was sitting on the train in front of those two couples and I started crying. Like a crazy person. But I didn't care. I just looked away. 

I would never agree on the life I have. No one in the right mind would ever want to live my life. I don't want to hear people saying to me that maybe tomorrow things will change. They won't change. I got broken years ago. I can't be fixed anymore. I can't travel back in time. I decided in 3 months I will be able to get in a very quiet place in the forest and I will end it in peace. I can't stand this existence. Paying bills and taxes and saving up for a nursing home... for what? I am not even getting what I wanted from this life. I don't like it. I want to be out. 

And no. I don't need to talk to anyone. I don't need any hope. I don't need any encouragement to live. I don't need it. I am a person who really does not want to be saved. I just want to tell how I feel.abd what is running through my mind at least here. I don't care if anyone understands. 

I hope my parents will forgive me. My mom won't survive.this loss. But she knows how I feel. She said two weeks ago that if she knew what my life would be like she would have never brought me into this world. Even she understands. 

Last night someone wanted to broke into the house I live. But my neighbors were awake and saw an intruder. They started telling and called the police. The intruder didn't know someone was in the house. I am thinking what if he got inside and found me there? Would he have killed me? Why am I still alive? I felt regret that my neighbors saw the intruder. Maybe he could have killed me and it was all over. 

I have 3 months to get rid if all my stuff, all my books, all my clothes before I go. Or maybe I just leave everything in my room. In that place my body might not be found for weeks. No one will even disturb me. I was there last year but I didn't kill myself because I still had hope. But now I don't anymore. I don't want to live anymore by having some wishful thinking. I won't let life keep hurting me. I will.end it. I don't owe anyone to live. Death can be a choice.