I would like to kill myself, but I just can't justify that.Hi People.

I think I've never talked about my issue that publicly.
For some of you, who have suffered hard in their lives, still being here my problem sounds rather stupid.

But well, I want to end it all. But I can't.

I've always been that Person, everybody liked, but nobody wanted to actually friend up with. I am a really responsible and everyone can ask me for help, even those I hate.

So I had a limited amount of friends, 2 friends to be precise. One I know for 5 years, and one I know for 3 years. I spent pretty much every day with that friend that I know for 3 years until I found other people on the Internet, which had the same interest like me, so it ended with 2 IRL-Friends and a bunch of Internet Friends.

That Friend that I know for 3 years got really jealous about me getting contacts with others, he never granted me success, he always started to fight over "the priority place in my life" which he had for a fairly long time and I didn't plan to replace him. So he started to destroy my relations with those Internet Friends, the onliest thing he archived with that was, that he made himself unpopular among me and my Internet Friends.

2 Years ago I found love in a girl, and it sort of worked out, she was really, really shy because of something in her past (not important for here) but it worked out quite well for my Age.

After a bit of time, that Friend which I know for 3 years got jealous of that relationship and destroyed it, which resulted in him convincing her to hurt me emotionally. The relationship ended after half a year.

I never mentioned to him, that I knew for a fact that he was involved in the breakup. So we still were Friends, until March this Month.

Around November 2017 I got more into touch with somebody I only knew because he was the brother of a classmate in 4th grade. We came along really, really well.

Around February 2018 we made a sleepover with that Friend I knew for 3 years and that Friend I came along really, really well. We (that friend i really, really like and me) have chosen to share one bed, because... why should somebody sleep on the ground?

In the end, we got really close to each other, and that was the place where I kissed him the first time. A few Weeks later we got into a relationship, which worked out perfectly! (He and I thought that our relationship is weird since we're both not Bi- or Homosexual, but who cares if it's good for both, right?)

As you may have guessed, that Friend which I know for 3 years started to do his thing again, he talked shit about me and him, before we were in a relationship, so I warned him, that if he continues, he'll face the consequence. He continued, so I turned my back to him.

On Wednesday the 22nd of March he apologised to me for his behaviour, and he told me that he will never do that again, where I've responded, that I accept his apologies, but he needs to give me time to compensate the stuff he did. Saturday the same Week he started to spread shit about me and my Internet Friends, which stuck to me and told me about everything. I think on Wednesday the next Week I told him together with my partner (since he was in a friendship with him either) that we quit the friendship with him, and that it's out forever. He turned red but didn't cry facing us.

Having that out of the way the Relationship continued, until Thursday the 19th of April, where he quit the Relationship, for a reason I would NEVER believe him, so I told him, that he is the last thing in my life, that gives me joy, just by seeing him, and that I should just end my life, since there is nothing left for me to live for. He stated, that we still can be best friends after all. At Saturday the same week I spoke to him and his mother, his mother was really concerned about my deathwish and tried to tell me, the stupid teenager, that we still can be best friends. I've accepted that while having in my backhead, that I will ask him soon if we can retry.

About a Week later he started to treat me like trash, a way you would only treat a person you hate. He ignored me completely as long as he didn't face me IRL, and he stated that he never had time, even tho he had. After getting sick of this I told him, that he can't treat his "friends" like a fucking DVD you stick into a Player until you're bored of the Movie and switch the DVD.

Now I have nothing left, the Person I care the most about fucking hates me for NO REASON.

I do not want to suicide because of him, I want to suicide because of all those things that happened in my life.

I got bullied for 5 years, I had violence at home, my Psychologist dropped me when I've requested evidential documents to separate my violent father from me, my closest Friend destroyed everything he could, my father burned me out with forcing me to complete school tasks multiple times which resulted in having horrible grades in Elementary School, the Person I care the most about fucking hates me, I can't make Sports because of that bullying no matter how hard I want to, ...

The onliest thing that I am alive for is my mother, my Grandmother just died last Month, and I just do not want her to suffer, if it wouldn't be for her, I would've killed myself on the same day that Boy broke up with me.

I just do not know what to do, on one hand, I do not want to be alive and I'm sick of myself, on the other one I do not want to hurt my mother and I would like to stay alive since, in the end, I don't know what happens after death...

I am afraid of death, I wish somebody would just kill me, ram me with 120 km/h, I wish somebody would take my life, because i do not know how to successfully kill myself.