this is honestly just me venting, please take care guys**TW: mentions of mental illness and suicide, trauma, difficult home life, life after loss, and generally sensitive topics around this stuff so please continue with caution**

i am in no ways a professional or claim to be one, i am merely someone who would like to make other people feel understood and not bash on their feelings. if this seems in anyway insensitive to you please report it or tell me.

Why do I keep telling my friends how I feel? I know it’s only going to make them feel bad about not being able to help me. Or maybe they don’t even want to help me. i just burden them with my existence. Sounds sad but it’s kind of true. They always have to worry if im going to do something stupid or they have to check in on me. I don’t want them to have to do that. It’s not their job, but im making it their job by being me. or maybe I’m just making myself important. Yeah, that must be it. I’m just pretending that they care about me enough to actually have me as a burden in their life. If I’m not a burden then atleast I’m an annoyance. Or that what it sometimes can feel like. Then again I’m probably just being sensitive, they do their best to make me feel okay. It’s not like they don’t try, that’s why it feel so bad in the first place. Any time I tell someone how I’m doing they either are like wow are u good and like get help, which I’m obviously trying, or same hahah. Neither of those answers and reactions seem wrong in that sense, just when you’re the one on the receiving end it can feel like you’re being left alone and not understood at all. And If I don’t tell them how I feel they can take it personal and think they’re not appreciated as a friend. I don’t want to push them away. It just feels like the only correct response to not hurt them further. It just almost takes to much energy to be okay nowadays, and when you’re not everybody notices and tries to help, but they cant. But when you’re barely getting through the day and have to fight so hard to even just keep your head from not completely sinking into the ground everyone seems fine with it. I mean it’s not like they would notice. They’d just continue to tell me that they’re here for me and that I can talk to them, but like how. They have so many of their own problems that they need to solve and difficult lives to live, I don’t want to make it worse. If I do talk to them, again they would not know what to say other than I’m sorry or something. If I try to talk openly about it I get shut down. It’s like invalidating what I’ve been through and therefore my feelings and wellbeing. Yes others have had it worse, but I’m not trying to downplay any of that. I know that there are people that tell me that I’m strong for being here and going through that but like idk. If I’m so strong, why cant I feel it. Why do I feel so miserable then? Why do I feel so weak? Like I’m absolutely undeserving of everything. People who have been able to get through their toughest fight with depression, they will tell me that I just have to keep going. But they never mention how even they have gotten close to giving up, some have. Sadly, I understand why. I would never blame them anyway. They took their lives and in my eyes they did it for a somewhat fair reason. Yes, sounds extremely bad. Yet, it’s somewhat selfish to want someone to continue living just because you cant without them. In your eyes they may be selfish for “giving up” but do you know how they felt? I can almost guarantee you they didn’t do it without a second thought. They thought about you, they did. They didn’t do it because they wanted to leave you all alone here, they wouldn’t want to see you hurt in the slightest. They did it in a very twisted way of “self love”. Now, it’s not loving of ones self by taking ones life, but it is to free ones mind of overtaking thoughts and destroying words. They couldn’t have gone on in that moment. The thoughts and pressure in their own mind became to much for them to handle. They didn’t give up or caved in. They fought until the very end, and in a way, they won. They have silenced their atrocious thoughts and battles in their mind, even if they have silenced their hearts and soul in the process. They are in a place where they no longer have to deal with that. Whether or not you personally believe in the afterlife, they have somehow done it, haven’t they? What is taking their life anyway? Who are we taking it from? Not from us personally otherwise we would already own it and have to give it to someone else. I think the term “took their own life” is almost wrong in that way. They didn’t take it. Or maybe they did. The took it back from whatever overtook it in the first place. Their mind. Their thoughts, intrusive or other. On the other hand, life in that sense doesn’t belong to anyone does it? There is no real value in life. We are always told to make something of it, but never really how. Most would say I’m wrong and that life holds great value because we can get a job we like and make money and buy thing, but in all honesty we’re never really satisfied are we? In my opinion I think “died at the hands of mental health complications”  or something along those lines, more fitting. Because we as humans don’t instinctively want to die. We are pushed to doing so by an outside force, which we have established can be internal as well. If I were to push someone of a bridge into deep water, they would fight to survive. Yes even people titled “suicidal”. We still have an impulsive force to strive towards survival. We aren’t trying to kill ourselves necessarily, but rather what has taken over our mind and body. Has infested us with thoughts of great unease and hopelessness. We try to kill of that part of us. Not us. Yet, as most animals, we act impulsively. We do think, it’s not that we give up thinking rationally. More so that our brain is no longer able to filter what is us and what is the thing that has infested us. Out of fear of further complications we kill of both just to be sure. Now, that is putting it very bluntly. It does seem insensitive of me to just come out and say such controversial things, doesn’t it? I have seemed to come of topic there for a second. I keep telling myself that I would or could never commit suicide, but why? As soon as I get to this type of topic with other people I usually tell them about my responsibilities but never really “why”. I’d tell them, well because my dog wouldn’t know what happened or who would be there for my mother when she’s old or who would come to my brothers wedding. Sometimes I do have to stop myself, because I’m realizing that most of my being here has to do with my surroundings. Never really me. I used to have a lot of fun participating in my hobbies but even those have seemed to become a constant task on me. I’m here, for others. That sounds very superior in that sense. It sounds like I think I’m important. I do not think that. I make myself sound like I think the world would even realize I’m gone. In my eyes it wouldn’t. The world keeps turning, even without me on it, and I know that. Yet somehow I think I can be here for others, to help them. Nothing would change without me. then again my friends might not have to worry about where I am or if I’m okay. So that’s a plus. I do feel like I am at the cause if a lot of negative things, and some of those may solely be based on my existence. So that whole important thing keeps me stuck in a kind of loop. Even if unpleasant, completely real in my eyes. Why don’t I just get help? I am, or at least I’ve been trying. For the last almost 5 years now. Yet somehow they always find something else to be the cause if the demons that have infested my mind long ago. Oh it’s because your iron levels are so low, oh because your room is to cold, oooh I know it’s just because you wear to much black clothing. They don’t listen when I try to explain them what goes on in my mind. Just another teenager trying to be “edgy” and trying to get medication so the booze will hit them stronger. It can really hurt sometimes. And being raised by people who have dealt with mental illness isn’t always easier. They might tell you that you’re overreacting because they have gone through the same thing and it can sometimes happen that their mind will block out the hardest times in face of judgement. So they, even if they wanted to, wouldn’t be able to clearly see that you are struggling as bad as they were then. Anyway, this has gone on way longer than I originally thought it would. Thank you for reading if you have come this far, please if you’re someone who struggles with this type of stuff seek out help from anyone. Talking is to anyone is better than keeping it to yourself.

\-lou