Before i die..Hey there, i’m 15 and ready to tell you my Bucket List. But before, I wanna tell you: this List exists since i’m 12. I wasn’t even in puberty. I just had no friends and i still have this not caring family i used to have. 

As i was 11:
I wanted to travel the world, make friends, find a loving boyfriend. I wanted to leave my home as soon as possible.
With 12:
I ran away from home. Not even one time, like every single month. But I had no money and no plan where to go. My family knew that so they didn’t give a fuck about that either. One day i would be back home, right?
When I was 13:
I got to know my first friend(fake btw), I got to know more about all the bad stuff in the world outside my home(I’ve never watched TV because they always laugh and I didn’t want them to be happy.. kinda selfish i know) that i never heard from and so i got sadder every year. 
At the age of 14:
I got depressed. Maybe it started already with 13, but not that much. I lost my only friend, she told everyone everything about my family. I couldn’t hide in school anymore. I got bullied (for the third time in my live (when i was 5-6, then 7-10)) but i didn’t care. I didn’t care about anything anymore (so it stopped really soon), started to eat less and also started to plan my bucket list. That’s about 1 and a half year ago. So my list is very long. My favourite parts on it are „Taking drugs, all i can get, chemical and natural.“, or „Getting popular with the longest Suicide-Text“(Telling people how much i hate humanity, my family, everything and everyone) and also just my childhood dream „Travel around the world with someone i actually love“.


So i’ve got my first drugs. I haven’t tried it yet, because.. what if i can happy? I mean i could do all of the above in 2020. I’ve got a loving boyfriend that i love too. I’ve got the drugs from my best friend. I already wrote the text in 2019. I just don’t want it to end yet. I want it to end soon. Not yet. Maybe life gives me a chance to be happy, because i’ve never had what others had. I don’t have a future dream job, or family plans. I don’t know where i wanna live. I don’t know what’s my favourite pet or colour. I don’t know who i wanna be. I don’t know anything about my future, because my dreams of having (a great) one are lost. They are dead for about 4 years now, when i was barely a kid, not even knowing about life. It gets worse every day. I don’t need help, i just want to know if i’m ready or if something is gonna happen and save me. I just want to feel the happiness others have in TV, in life, i just.. don’t know what to do. Every day is the same depressing one.

See ya, i’m sure i’ll write more texts in here.