What even is life at this pointI don't even know if this is the right sub but what the heck.

First of all, I have NO intention of committing suicide at this point, I just need to post this somewhere.

I'm 17M. I'm a guy from a small country in Europe, I live with my parents, my brother and our dog. I don't know who gives a shit, I'm just doing this to seem more relatable or whatever. I've been dealing with severe depression for the past 3 years and it's not getting much better. I've been laying on the floor for the past 15 minutes because I don't feel like I even deserve a bed anymore. 

Most of my insecurities stem from my looks (like a lot of people my age). I'm 6'2, wavy blond hair, slimmer guy, I don't wear glasses and I dress pretty nicely. Sound great on paper right? Well I wish I looked like the guy u picture... My ears stick out way too much (like Adam Driver's for example. I don't want to grow out my hair like him though because then I look too feminine) I have no Idea why my parents haven't gotten them fixed when I was a small child. It's a simple and relatively cheap surgery that can change a kid's life imo. I also have quite a lot of stretch marks all over my body because I grew really, really fast and gained most of my height in about a year. I refuse to go to the pool or take off my shirt at all since they are on my back mostly and it's pretty fucking bad. Trust me. I look like I've been attacked by a bear. I'm also pretty skinny. I weigh 71 kg (not sure how many pounds, sorry my American friends) I'd like to weigh at least 78kg or more at 6'2. But that's actually one of the things that's somewhat going well. I used to weight 59kg at one point and I have no idea how was I even alive back then. Because of my ears I haven't had a shorter haircut in years. My haircut is somewhat similar to Simon Baker's because that's the only one that somehow suits me. I actually cut my own hair most of the time because of social anxiety (yes, it's that bad). At least I've become a decent barber so I've got a start in a profession if not anything lol. When I go wash my hands, sometimes I end up starring into the mirror for like 15 minutes and just wondering what the fuck went wrong. My face isn't actually half bad and I would consider my myself somewhat attractive. It's just the ears that ruin it. I used be so ashamed of myself that I couldn't look other people in the eyes... Nowadays I don't give a fuck anymore and don't care what strangers think about my looks. It's just that thought that's planted in my head that I'm not attractive, I never will be, and thus life is pointless that makes me feel absolutely worthless, subhuman and not deserving of anything. 

Another thing that is kind of messing up my life is the place I live in. We live in an old beat up apartment in a not so great part of town. We don't even own a TV, my dad has to sleep in the living because there are not enough rooms and he refuses to sleep next to my mom anymore (it's sad, I know). Now let me clarify something. This isn't because my parents are poor. Quite the opposite actually, both my parents work good paying jobs, my dad has his own business even, my parents both have a car. I go to a private school which they pay for, I have my own computer and a laptop and a nice bike. For all that I feel very blessed and lucky. It's simply that my parents have somewhat weird priorities and they've become so comfortable in the spot they are in. They value me and my brothers education so much more that our social life. I'm too ashamed to have my friends over(let alone a girlfriend) , especially after I've been to their homes. I've tried to talk about it with my parents but they simply cannot make a decision and they've owned this place for so long that they don't even want to. I mean, call me a fucking spoiled brat If you want but it is what it is and Imagine if you were in this situation . They are great, very smart people but not very social and never really "there" if you know what I mean. I don't really feel like they really listen and even care about anything anymore. 

I've been bullied and picked on pretty badly in my elementary school years and that might be a big part of my struggle. Since I've started high school, I haven't even gotten bullied anymore. Now I have great, intelligent, very responsible and mature friends. They never make fun of me for the wrong reasons and we are pretty supportive of each other overall. Yet this thought in my head just keeps appearing again and again that I'll never be as good as them and I'll never have a normal life where I don't have to worry all the time and be self conscious about everything. 

Some days I wake up and feel a great sense of bliss. But that never lasts long and I realise exactly where the fuck I am, who I am and what is going on in my life. Everything feels surreal and not "how it is supposed to be". I've been stayed in my room for the past 2 months and it is not because of the pandemic. It's because I don't feel a single fucking reason to do anything and go anywhere anymore. Feels like there's no point to work on myself anymore. I don't even get enjoyment from the smallest things. I can't remember when I've last played a pc game or enjoyed a good meal. Sometimes I wish I was really stupid and didn't think so deep into everything. 

The only reasons that I haven't committed suicide yet is because is because I don't have the balls and deep down I know that there are people who still  care about me at least a tiny bit.


Excuse my broken English here and there, I'm not a native speaker.