It’s a cycle and I’m trappedSo I posted here just yesterday. And I’m going through a rough time. It’s going to be repetitive. 

Do you ever sit on your couch as the people you live with go about their shit? And you just feel like you have no reason to get up or speak or be alive at all? Everything you do is too slow and too little and incorrect. You’re bedroom is a pigsty. You’re too lazy to just fix it. You’ve got potential in school yet you have no ambition. 

Chances are I’ll be as poor as my family has been. I’ll make the same mistakes I’ll be just as dumb and I’ll hurt everyone around me because of how selfish I am. If I can find someone desperate enough to be near me long enough to have a kid with me, I’ll ruin their lives. I like to live alone, and I suspect I might to better, but the thought of having to get up every day and go to the same job and do repetitive work and then every now and then do something big and important and very very public makes me want to die. 

I have all these ideas for how we can fix this world and when I’m in a state that I can only call hysterically confident I think I can act on them and hey, maybe I’ll be president. Maybe I’ll fix this shitty country. I’ve got spunk, I’m friendly, I can turn on the charm. 

And then a day or two later I realize that I’m too dumb, lazy, and antisocial. I literally ignore my friends. And why? I don’t dislike them. They make me happy when I see and talk to them. 

My mom is sick lately and instead of being kind to her and helping her I’m snapping too often and wallowing in self pity and rotting on the couch. I should kill myself. I would do everyone a favor. 

I do worry because I know it’d take a long time to find me. My mom is kind and she gives me privacy. When we say good night, I don’t see her until I get up the next morning. She doesn’t barge into my room. She doesn’t usually call to me unless we’ve spent the day talking and she’s continuing conversation and thought I’d be right around the corner. 

So it’d take a while. I don’t know how long it’d take to decompose in a cool bathroom. Or what if I don’t succeed? I can’t handle being admitted. 

I know I won’t hang myself because I’ve seen pictures and they always look too gruesome. That might kill my mom, seeing it. I think if I looked like I was asleep it’d be easier. 

But I won’t. Because my mom might commit suicide herself, afterward. Because I know she loves me very much. And it’s unbearable to think I’d cause that much pain. 

So I told her that I have to get a therapist. I didn’t have the guts to tell her to take me more seriously. 

I’m such a child. I hate everything about myself. Everything. I have all these things I want to do. I never ever follow through. I haven’t completed anything, even a video game. Even a book, in the last few years. I sit around and waste everything. 

Whenever something bad happens, people go “oh, it’s not the end of the world.” No shit. I hadn’t guessed. 

Obviously it’s not the end of the world. But I wish it was. It’d be easier to think in terms of survival. I have to do this to live. This is my goal. It’s mindless. But instead I’m uselessly alive. I feel like I have no goal. I contribute nothing. 

And everything I’m writing is so disingenuous. No one actually cares. Even while I’m getting help, I’ll know. It’s all platitudes. There’s no use. 

Sorry. Long rant, no point. I need to stop posting here because it’s misleading. I’m not going to commit suicide. So yeah. Sorry.