Suicide or Coke?I'm not really suicidal, I just imagine it daily. But I know I can't do it. I said along time ago that if I had no parents I'd be so long ago dead I'd have never existed. But even though I know as I go to the void and stop exsisting they'll keep on going and suffering, hollow, blaming themselves that they couldn't raise an even half way well adjusted child that wouldn't kick the bucket. It'd look bad on their parenting.

 I'm 24 ffs. Best case scenario I get into the UofT med school and I've got 4 more years at living at home. Worst case I fucked up my last sememster cause of drugs and I don't know what. I got no backup plan. My 4 year degree is useless. I feel like I'm trapped in my circumstances, which in turn define me now. The same circumstance from high school. From middle school ffs. I'm still a fucking child. A 24 year old virgin. What the fuck even? I don't look bad, I just keep fucking up and I got social anxiety. I don't know what to say, I had opportunities and I always messed them up or just didn't like them and was like "true romance waits!!" fucking moron that I am. 

I see myself as a statistical anamoly. Like flipping a coin. Like fucking getting tails 50 times in a row. It's rare but in a population of fuck knows what, if everyone flips a coin 50 times there's bound to be people like me. Math demands it. Then it defines it, it tells me what I can and can't do.

Once I was really funny, but I was obese. Once the pretty cheerleader girl from another school I worked with actually told me to leave the room because my jokes were making her laugh so much her stomach hurt. I was funny enought to get friend zoned hard everytime. Funny enought to keep around but not anything else. God no!

So I lost weight and got abs. Now it's good enough right? No. I'm not funny now. I'm depressed and that's not funny. Or maybe people just like laughing at fat people, maybe the jokes went with the adipose tissue? I don't know what the fucken hell I am now. I have no identity, I'm just a set of circumstances and a some stereotype and I gotta wear the uniform. I'm a weird socially akward virgin living with his parents with a drug habit and god forbid I forget it. People like me are just alone and thats how it is. If you work in a cuibicle you don't complain about cuibicles, it comes with the job bitch. Virginity comes with my territory.

In school, cause you stick everyone born within a year into one class you end up with kids basically one year older then others. These kids out perform the other physically/mentally, become popular, and this defines them and the path they'll take through life. Thats fucking science article information. Otherwise you could have rich parents and become popular like that. Or gorgeous. That's how I explain the others who don't fit into the theory. Among my friends, if you order us acourding to how close our birthdays are to december you get a nice regression of month born and viriginty/loniess status. I was always the youngest in class, that's another exuse I got. I got so many. Like a fucking pokemon master I got them all.


So if you spent your childhood with dudes, if you miss that high school sensitive period where you develop cruicial social skills cause your too fat to fuck, well then go fuck yourself. Literally. Like a cat who didn't get any retinal stimulation during kittenhood grows up blind cause the eyes are just like "fuck it, I'm not being used. Screw you guys I'm going home". Thats what my social skills did.

 Can I stop jerking it to deep throat because the amateur section fills me with existentialist depression? I just want to cuddle for fucks sake. Some wormth in the fucking bed. Kisses. I missed out on kisses, I gotta concentrate on pounding now, missed that train too. Will no one take the fucking bullet I am? Hypothetical question. At this point I feel like that kid I tutored with math. If you don't get it you just keep doing stupid ass shit, you just reach, you see something novel and just grasp at anything. He devided the 'd's in dx/dy. When i told him he can't he went fucken bonker cause now even simple division isn't simple. That's not division, thats an expression for the rate of change of x as you vary y. That's how I feel with women. "I did that cause you said it was a great idea!" "In case A! you were in case B! You gotta do the exact opposite in that case!!"

Yeah, just wanted to rant really........ I do think about suicide every fucking day and with for some accident to wipe me out guilt free and award my parents shit load of money so they can consume their way to happiness, fill the hole I left with objects and shit. Can I just leave? I dont want anything as violent or angry as suicide. I just wanna stop exsisting. Just go to sleep and not wake up. Alone. In my parents house.

EDIT: Shit, I forgot. I wanted to ask something about cocaine. I'm thinking of just starting hard drugs rather than suiciding but... I forgot the question. Now I feel bad taking this name for a shitty throwaway comment thats retarted.