Is it rude to kill yourself a few days before your birthday party? Everyone already hates me anywayHello,

I don‘t really know how to start this so here goes: I have a severe depressive disorder, multiple anxiety disorders and am generally very bad at functioning as a person. I‘m kind of in therapy for all of that but that’s not really working out. I constantly feel like shit and I can barely do basic tasks. I have also been struggling with going to uni (i dropped out after 2 days) and getting a job because everytime I try to do something I get massive panic attacks and basically black out and become non-verbal for up to a few hours. Generally I‘m a massive disappointment, which my parents have made me aware of.

Recently, I finally managed to get up and actually go out to eat with my family for my birthday, but I didn‘t really plan a birthday party with friends because no one was there and also I‘m not really a party person. Then suddenly one of my friends was pressuring me a lot to celebrate my birthday because „You’re 18 now“, „Everyone celebrates their birthday“ and „Why do you never do stuff like that“ (These types of messages multiple times a day for weeks). I felt really bad and because you can always get me to do something through guilt, I invited people for a late birthday party this Saturday (it‘s Wednesday). 

Now I start having bad days again recently and I know that on good days I can barely be social for a few hours. I already feared that I will have a panic attack again if I have to be social for too long, as that has happened at parties before. Suddenly 3 of my friends cancel the party (i only invited 6), one of them is the person that pressured me into this in the first place (They have done this multiple times before btw). For the rest of today I have been lying around fucking crying and hyperventilating because what am I supposed to do now? I have to throw this party I don’t want to do with only three people, who have kind of made clear that they think it will be boring anyways and I feel this huge amount of pressure from my parents to prove that some people actually like me (I‘m not even sure of that). They have said to me today that they will be incredibly disappointed if I don‘t throw this party. 

Essentially, I once again feel like a massive disappoint to everyone I know. Combine that with the fact that I already want to kill myself most days, I‘m not doing too well right now. Is it rude to kill yourself a few days before your birthday party?

TLDR: My „friends“ hate me, I‘m a constant disappointment too my parents, please just kill me.

Obligatory English is not my first language, please excuse any mistakes.