I think I may be bipolar.Let me preface this by saying that I'm not currently suicidal per se (too big of a decision to make without gathering as much information as possible), but I'm depressed as shit, don't know where else to post this and really need someone to talk to. 

A little bit of background: Mental illness runs on my mothers side of the family. My grandmother suffered from depression, seasonal affective disorder and most likely had other undiagnosed issues as well. My mother is a spaceshot (almost certainly suffers from ADHD-I), firmly believes in God in the face of all reason and raised me Catholic. My father is a fairly normal man, but unfortunately alcoholism runs down my paternal line (he drinks, but is not alcoholic. That man has his shit together.)

Now me: I'm currently diagnosed ADHD-I, and cannot function normally without Adderall or other stimulants like caffeine. But I hate taking my medication, and unfortunately will go weeks at a time living in my own filth. It's takes me hours to do the simplest tasks. I don't think I was always this way, but within the past 4-5 years things have changed. I'm 23 now, and finally saw a psychiatrist 1.5 years ago. He was one of the best in his field and told me I had a textbook case of ADHD-I for people with high IQ. Cool I thought, I'll do the CBT take my meds and my life will be back on track.

But that never happened, and I've started to come to the realization that I may be bipolar (or something similar). I have no normal mind state. I either only see the positives (I'm relatively good looking, athletic, socially successful, absurdly intelligent, etc.) and feel invincible and god-like, like I can take over the world if I wanted to (I don't find these thoughts necessarily irrational. I excel at literally anything I try, whether it be sports, education, musical instruments, social manipulation, etc.), or I only see the negatives, mainly that there is no point to life that we are currently aware of scientifically. My life constantly swings between mania&amp;impulsivity, and crippling depression. I'm either the best in the world or a complete failure, and it's finally starting to wear on me. In the past couple weeks I've started turning to alcohol to numb my thoughts at night and make me pass out. 

The problem is that I see no point to life, and this utterly destroys my motivation. We are nothing more than biological energy conversion machines, whose only purpose in life is to compete to reproduce and pass on our genes. And that would be fine were I living 50-100 years ago, but it is now the space age and we know too much. While I don't believe this planet will be our grave, escaping to the stars will be no different. We can  zoom around the universe and continue our lives consuming resources and reproducing, but who cares? There is no end game. We can not escape the cruel mistress that is entropy, and the heat death of our universe is all but inevitable (~10^100 years from now). I know that sounds a long ways off, but time is relative. It's only seems long because we are such short-lived beings. What are we supposed to do? Suppose we are really part of a multiverse, and somehow escape to another universe before ours ends. How is that any differnt than the Earth-&gt;Universe transition? Am I supposed to hope that there is some end game, immortality if you will? 

My problem is that I do not operate on hope, only facts and logic. Religion would be a solution, but I unfortunately have not seen proof so I cannot believe in it. 

I also worry that I may be sociopathic. I don't not really care about other people's feelings and I have no moral qualms about lying to get what I want. I know my purpose in life is to reach my biological/sexual fitness peak and pass on my genes, so doing so should make me happy right? But it doesn't. I have a phenomenal understanding of evolutionary psychology ("game" if you will) and can bed pretty much whoever I feel like, but I don't derive any pleasure from intercourse. I'm already good at it and frankly it bores me. It's just an orgasm; I can masturbate whenever I feel like. The only part that I enjoy is the challenge of the chase, pitting my wits and brains against another's and succeeding, but even that bores me most of the time, because I rarely face a challenge. It's the same shit every time once you know the rules, and I know it's only my lower brain driving me to try and sleep with women. Why else would I pursue something that frankly I don't really enjoy?

I'm sorry this ending up being so long. There's more to say, but this is already long enough. I'm also sorry if any part sounds like bragging. I tried to be objective as possible, because I really need the help right now. I've bounced around from one psychologist/psychiatrist to another, but I've never felt like any of them really understand me. I think I need someone as smart or smarter than myself to talk to and I know they are out there, but I do not know how to find them. But please don't let that discourage you from responding; I need any perspective I can get right now. I've come to an impasse and do not know how to proceed. Thank you in advance.

-John

EDIT: I know this is long and filled to the brim with psychological problems, so please focus your attention on others who really need it first. I am not in any immediate danger, just very depressed. I will still be here tomorrow, but reading the new queue, others may not be.

EDIT 2: I've never revealed my bipolar/sociopathic tendencies to anyone (including my psychologists/psychiatrists) because I am afraid, both of what they would think and what would happen to me. This is the first time I've shared this with anyone.

EDIT 3: I took this bipolar test (http://www.blackdoginstitute.org.au/public/bipolardisorder/self-test.cfm) and scored a 32. 

&gt;**22 or more**

&gt;A score of 22 or more (together with episodes of clinical depression) has an overall accuracy of 80% in detecting bipolar disorder, however this is still a screening test only and clarification of the possibility of bipolar disorder should be pursued with a mental health professional experienced in assessing bipolar disorders.