NumbI cant remember the last time I didnt feel pain. 
Physically, and mentally. 

And in this moment in time I feel....nothing. I am numb. I have come to terms with suicide likely being my end. I havent had the courage to do so, but I feel like it's what I need to do. 

My mom died and it was deemed an accident, but later confirmed it was suicide. She ran in front of traffic on a freeway. she left behind children, ages 5, 10 and 16. I was the sixteen year old. And my life has been fucked since. Next year will be ten years and I'm angrier than ever. I'm so fucking angry with her. I'm seething, with hot tears rolling down my cheeks as I type this. I've tried so hard to pretend to be happy, I try my best to advocate for mental health, but when I tell others something meaningful, it could never apply to me. 

It's the inner source of everything. All that ever comes to be, I feel like it circles back to her death. And I cant get over it. It's been 9 years. And it's my fault. The last thing I did was call my mom a piece of shit. I never in my life did that before. My mom was my best fucking friend. I deleted the voicemail she left minutes before she killed herself. I will always wonder what it said.

I'm on painkillers from a recent surgery, and I feel like I'm on a deeper level of understanding. 

I'm married. I have two siblings that have kept me from killing myself (though I don't see them often enough because I'm an awful sister). I have two kittens that are my entire world. And for all this time, it's been me living for them.


But I truly want to leave. I feel like it's my time to go. I feel like I'm at peace with this.  I'm just scared to, I think. I've seen OD's that arent successful and they are absolutely a horror to deal with if you survive. So, I've been researching how much will kill me, and I think I have a pretty good mix. 

I'm not sure what to say, except that I'm sorry. I feel like even a bother unloading here. I have friends, but none that truly understand me.

I dont know if I should do it now. I'm not sure if I should write a note. I dont want my husband to find me or my cats to be around. 

I guess I'm just writing this out. I dont know anymore. I am here, not living, totally dead inside, and I shouldnt feel that way. I should feel happy. We are middle class (I'm not working), and I feel supported and loved. But, has anyone ever felt like that's not enough?