Heading in the wrong direction..I don't know why I'm posting this here.. I just need to get it out somewhere.. A throw-away account on Reddit is as good a place as any.
I'm going to be 100% brutally honest as well.. not only just to get it off my chest, but to make sure that any response I'd get is responding to the full story.

My apologies for the self-indulgent length of this.

I'm 28 and employed as a full-time IT Engineer in Australia. My friend got me this job, and I really enjoy it on both a personal and professional level. My previous job was in IT as well, but as nice as my boss was he never got me the training I craved. When I look back to compare my skill set as it is now, compared to what it was then, it is simply night and day.
As much as I truly like my job from the bottom of my heart, it's also the first of the many problems I have in my life. What's wrong? I'm working myself to the point of exhaustion every week for very little money. As much as I should consider myself lucky to have a job that I enjoy doing, I'm finding myself wishing that I was still at my old job. I don't care that it would waste all the skills I've developed, I'd be back at a Mon-Fri 9-to-5 boring helpdesk doing boring trivial work like fixing dead keyboards. 
Why am I wishing for it that badly? If my old job was a 40hr week, my new job is 70hrs+ every week. Which I wouldn't complain about, except I get paid $10,000 less than my old job. 70hrs for 40k a year, where the industry standard (For my part of the world) is around 60k. 

Before you call me and idiot, the reason I took that paycut is because in my contract the price different is offset by the training that I'm sent to. I did indeed go on a few very expensive training courses, but it's over a year on since I started and to be blunt I think I probably could have learnt the exact same thing just by doing my job.
I'm really struggling financially, but I'll come back to my financial situation in a bit after I clarify a few other things which are impacting upon it.


Let me set the background for the next one.
I'm also a stereotypically huge nerd, which pretty much comes part and parcel from working in IT. Be it gaming, anime, pop culture, or anything that's related. If it's nerdy, I'm probably into it.
Now I have no problems with the person I've become from indulging this part of my personality. I'm happy with the person I am, but unfortunately they call it a stereotype for a reason.. As a nerd I'm also a very quiet individual, who likes his time alone, who maintains a very small circle of friends, and would much rather be found at home than out in a crowd. 
You've probably guessed by now that this is leading up to woman problems.. But before you start thinking the stereotype extends to me being some 28 year old virgin, let me just state that I don't have any problems picking up woman, I've slept with my fair share, hell I've even managed to have a few fuck buddies over the years.
The problem is that I haven't yet found a girl who's also a nerd that I'd like to get to know better. As I grow older, I find my yearnings for emotional contact have become larger than my need for sex. I'm not whining about it though! Simply letting you know how depressingly upset I'm becoming from my fruitless multi-year search.

It's the primary catalyst a very deep dark secret I hide from my friends and family.

The last few years has found me dating less and less women. Why waste time when I'm not going to find what I'm looking for? So instead of wasting what little spare time I have off from work on the dating game, I've filled the gap by visiting brothels and sleeping with prostitutes. I'm going to keep the details light for your benefit, but I've been doing it for a while now, and I enjoy myself when I'm there. As expensive as it is to visit a brothel, up until recently I was able to manage my spare funds.
What changed? I started seeing one girl that I really liked exclusively, with the amazing ability to make me think with my pants instead of my brain. So I started spending above my means, with my regular expenses having to deal with a lower budget to make ends meet.



So working myself to death.
Spends too much money on prostitutes.
How much worse can it get?

I was also introduced to Crystal Meth by this girl.
It started harmlessly enough. She offered me some, out of curiosity I tried it and found I enjoyed it, and very soon I was smoking it everytime I visited her. Soon I was taking it at home recreationally. I really tried to practise harm minimisation, but I can feel my mental fortitude slowly slipping and I'm quite honestly scared my addiction that I'm 'managing' is soon going to rapidly spiral out of control.
I'm ashamed to say that I'm on it right now as I type this post (A side effect I have is that I type a LOT in an 'upbeat' tone, as you've seen)



Now the cusp of it all.. The main reason why I'm harbouring thoughts of suicide.
Through nobodies fault than my own, I've ruined myself financially.

What little savings I had are gone. The majority burned on prostitutes and drugs. I've borrowed money from family to make ends meet. I had to spend $2000 I didn't have to fix my car.
I can feel this mountain of debt crushing down upon me. It's overwhelming me with guilt and anger with myself.
For the past few weeks I go to bed more and more depressed, and it's gotten to the point where I'm seriously considering ending it.

What the fuck do I do?