suicidal in quarantine / at home.hi, i've never made a reddit post but i've become really desperate and scared to be alone with my thoughts. this past year i've been struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts but in march i decided to go see a therapist after a crisis intervention and it really helped bring me down to earth. unfortunately i had to suspend my sessions abruptly, which left me with a lot of unpacked trauma, and no where to put it - for lack of a better description. 

i had to return home due to quarantine, and a lot of my depression is attributed to my family life. father is alcoholic and has ptsd; i have a mother who has never emotionally supported me / was too preoccupied with keeping my father's anger at bay, and didn't bother to help me when she had an inkling that i was cutting myself in my preteen years. my siblings don't care to talk to me, but i can't blame them because i've stopped reaching out. throughout high school i think i was suffering from derealization (i never felt real or that i was 'in my body', i floated throughout classes but felt numb and emotionless all the time). in college it got better because i was away from home and i started to feel like i was capable of love again. i don't blame them for how i feel as far as suicidal thoughts. but it's painful living @ home every day thinking that nobody really cares about me here. i feel really unloved, and i miss being with my friends because it lessened my sadness.

it's become unbearable to the point that i've relapsed again. i've spent the last 3 days crying or lying in my bed because of how depressed i feel. i don't have anybody to talk to. i said i was scared, because last night i decided that if i was going to kill myself i'd hang myself with a belt and checked if it would hold my weight. i feel guilty for thinking that because i know it would ruin my family to find me, but i also don't know why i should continue living if it feels like i make them unhappy anyway. i know it would hurt my friends, but i just feel like i'm in constant agony because of how alone i feel. i don't know what to do; i've become impatient waiting for things to 'get better'.