Since no one cares.As a kid I always dreamed I'd do something honorable and become a legend in history, being a cute little kid who was kind hearted and helped any neighbor in need, I had a pretty nice life. When my dad got back from a tour in Iraq, when we moved and I got into middle school, he began drinking, alot. There was a point where he abused me and my brother, and he carried guns around the house threatening all our lives. The stress got to the point where I was pulling my hair out, until my mom got me out of there. 

Now I'm a junior, and I just got out of my first real relationship, 5 months. Being that angry spiteful ex, I can call her manipulative, crazy, abusive, cheating, but would anyone really believe me? None of my friends did, they all took her side. I dropped out to get an alternative graduation, which I passed, and now I've spent every single day in bed sleeping or crying. Seeing those clothes we bought at the mall together, the month old coffee cup from when we went to the coffee shop together, now she says she's never loved me, and already has another. She won, and ruined my life, I'm back to where I started only worse. 

I've always been a skinny kid, when I lived with my dad we were poor and lived off food stamps. I was around 70 pounds and 5'1, so I was skinny, didn't make much of it. Now I'm a 5'11 junior and I'm 110 pounds. My ex told me I had disordered eating, I guess that's another reason I'm no good for being on this planet any more.

I've thought about it, and I'm thinking I just won't eat, until something happens to me, eventually.. I'm in so much pain right now that I'm thinking about immediate action, ODing in the tub

I don't think anyone cares about me any more.. I'm crazy, I'm worthless, I'm pathetic, my ex said it herself. 

If you're here helping people, I respect you, infinitely, you are a great human being and you've lived up to my dreams. Thank you, for saving even just one life, but I don't think you can save mine. I lost my happiness, I've been beaten down so many times, I have no where else to go.