I feel sad even though It may not be drastic. I could use help from a proffesionalI didn't have good relations with my family when I was little. I wasn't extreme I just felt a little Isolated and was disliked in elementary school. Even before elementary school I was a very angry and physical child. When I was 8 someone called the police after they saw me throwing an anger fit in public. I can't describe it very well but I was put in a free hotel like place with people with similar problems but all we did was play sports, and watch movies. It was a healthy environment. Ladder in the end 6th grade I was arrested after many police visits to my house for doing the same kind of angry fit but in the middle our town house community. I was disturbing the piece and may have even hit my mother. She was the one I screamed at. Before this I was happy so I don't know if it can be blamed on being lonely. I had a vanity phase, and made a bestie and a whole friend group out of neighbors. I had always felt like I wasn't able to believe in god as a child, and got angry at him, thinking he didn't like me, had racist thoughts, and felt like I didn't care about anyone but my self as a very young child. This was before 5th grade. I still struggle with religion today but am better than then. Their where periodic times as a child however, maybe once every two years that I would cry about god hatting me and then suppress the feelings because I saw no escape. I would want to kill myself sometimes because I hated my life in elementary school. It felt hopeless if even the Christian god who is the only hope for man, and perfect hated me. I wanted to kill myself and even took a weapon once and threatened to kill myself with it. My mother drove away scared and I didn't go through with it for the same reason as always: fear of hell and pain. But when I got arrested in 6th grade I wasn't feeling that. Even though I still suppressed the idea of why I couldn't believe in god. I had friends and lost them when I got arrested. My anger scared my friends off and their mothers didn't let some play with my family. I only stayed in the self for a few hours and looked at what a mess I had become. I told myself that god may have ignored me all those years because he was planning on bringing me to my lowest to build and even stronger relationship with me. I felt that I had just been stuck up on little details and had always believed and just didn't know it. I accepted god. I had another screaming at my mom fit at 12 (the end of 7th ). I got put on probation and kept it. I have not had a fit since and don't think I will. In 8th grade I stated liking boys and separating and hating on my over controlling family ( as I saw them). I especially hated on my sisters even claiming they were Narcissistic ( I know now that it is sssssssuuuuuuuuuuuupppppppppppppeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrr wrong to pick on you guys and I am ashamed). I had been putting the blame on others while trying to help myself get over my criminal past and forgive myself. I showed no pure hate to them in 8th grade. I showed distance to them in 7th. My dad used to beat his children when we were little and that may explain some of it. I spent all of 9th grade doubting my religion after hearing sexism in it and trying to be good after regretting 8th grade. I dropped my religion this summer and had a phase where I looked at my life very negatively and thought I was as bad as Hitler especially with my racism as a very young child that may have just been the result of feeling like I was rotten as a child as a child,or it may have been real. I felt like I wanted to die because there was no hope of redemption without lying for someone like me. I see things more clearly now and see that there is a reason besides fear of hell to live. I could help people. I want to more past being such a dramatic person, and get over my past without blaming others. I told my mother that I was suicidal when I wasn't even sure if I was because I had felt that way in the past, but again I can help people. I also see more hope in my improvement as a person. I must have really hurt my mother. How do I stop doing these things.