It's my birthday and I only have one candle to blow out.It's 2am on my 27th birthday, and I should be sleeping as I'm working today. 

But I can't sleep. I feel lower than low. Birthdays are the hardest part of my year after xmas in regard to depression. I want to stay home, turn off my phone, close the blinds and sleep all day until it's over.

Another year and what have I accomplished? My SO, who I still love, left me and took my regular group of friends with him. I've piled on more debt. I'm teetering on the edge of addiction to a dangerous drug, am in rehab for another, and still abuse a plethora of others. I'm back in the same position at work that I was in when they hired me 4.5 years ago. Tonight I just lost a 15 year friendship due to an argument over Facebook about a stupid article neither of us really cared about.


I think about suicide every day and the only thing that stops me is cowardice and guilt. It'd crush my dad who's been so supportive, and my mother tells me I should wait for her to die first so she'll be looked after when she's elderly and won't have to grieve. 


She actually said that in response to an email I wrote after a friend's parent died suddenly, telling her I loved her and didn't want to miss my chance of affirming that. As well as the above she scolded me for ruining her holiday mood while she was overseas, and didn't even say she loved me back.


I sent similar ones to my dad and sister. Dad isn't good with words but had me over for dinner and said enough for me to know he cares. My sister didn't even respond.


I feel like I'm just becoming more and more of a burden on people. I've been depressed for almost a decade and can sense that those around me are sick of hearing about it. 


When I mention I feel suicidal then don't do it, I feel ashamed and figure people think I'm just looking for attention. I've come so close but backed off so many times now that even I'm starting to believe that.


I've tried many antidepressants, I've tried many different counselors, but it never helps. At best it just numbs me so I feel neither low nor high, but ironically ADs increase the suicidal urges. So I'm hesitant to go for round 6 or however many times I've tried them now - I've lost count.


Thanks for reading. I figure at least if I do finally take those pills or step into that traffic then the friends I had left will read my history and find this, and hopefully understand.