I don't know how to startI don't know what to say. My life is so wonderful yet so terrible at the same time. I have a loving family who supports me for the most part (my dad has severe anger issues when he gets mad but I still love him because he's my father) I don't think my parents have a happy marriage though. It just seems kind of dull. We never do fun things as a family like we did when we were little. They try to get me to do family stuff with them yet I never want to, it just doesn't interest me anymore. I don't do anything bad. The only thing I ever get in trouble for is bad grades. I'll admit it I'm pretty lazy. I try to do good in school but I stop caring and I can't bring myself to care about my school work. I can't really bring myself to care about anything. I care about other people and I try to help everyone best I can, even just strangers online. But sometimes it feels like no one is there to help me when I need it. People come to me for support all the time and as soon as I need it from them they seem to just not care as if I'm not their problem. I can't talk to my parents about anything, my mom seems to be the only one who cares about my feelings. My dad doesn't really give a shit but it's okay I don't think he understands. Sometimes I think he feels the same way I do about everything except he hides it better. A few weeks ago I got my first job. Neither of my parents are working as of lately, just been living off my dad compensation for a work related injury. We've never had a lot of money and we almost lost our house (again) a few months ago. I've been with a girl I met online (I know online relationships don't tend to work out well but I really love her) for the past 7 months. It started really awesome but I think I've gotten to attached to her. I know she loves me and I know I love her but sometimes I feel like she doesn't even care about me. Sometimes we fight a lot too but other times things are perfect. I'm not unhappy with her, she's a really sweet and loving girlfriend. But sometimes it's just so hard to communicate about our emotions because of the distance and being afraid of what the other will think. Sometimes I think of breaking up with her even though I don't want to and neither does she. The only people who seem to care about me at all are my mom, my girlfriend, and a few online friends. My real friends have forgotten about me. I've also forgotten about them. In school I feel like a ghost so I just go on my phone most of the day. I don't pay attention I just scroll Instagram instead of doing My work. I always lie when asked about homework and say that I finish it in class but really I just don't do it. I got my third term report card two weeks ago and I failed 3 classes. That's the worst I've had since 7th grade (I'm a junior currently) and I'm afraid to show my parents. I know my dad would probably be the angriest I've ever seen. Back in middle school he used to hit me sometimes when I'd come home with a bad report card. He's not a bad man so when he would calm down he would apologize and talk it out.  He's "addicted" to weed. He's smoked everyday since he was my age. He's only happy when he's high. He doesn't know that I know this, I found his stash one day in our camper and told my mom. She broke down and started explaining to me all about it. It's upsetting. I don't look up to him as a father figure. To be honest I don't really have one from the feel of it. I look up to my mother for her kindness, nothing more than that as well. A few months back I started messing with pills to try to get high. I started taking my moms anti depressants and oh boy they made me feel great at first but slowly started to her weaker. One day I decided to take 8 doses. Didn't end well... then I start d playing with prescription ibuprofen that I found (800mg which is max allowed dose to be prescribed here) and it made me feel happy. Jumpy as hell but happy. The past few weeks I've been feeling really low but also kinda happy too. It's weird, I feel so shitty yet  feel like it doesn't matter. In a way I guess I just feel neutral, almost empty. And I hate it. I used to take methylphenidate and still have a lot left. I looked it up today and it's turns out the overdose is usually fatal and isn't a super high dose. I just don't want to do this anymore. I feel so pressured and overwhelmed by everything in my life. I've thought of running away from home. I always wanted to leave the state as soon as I graduate high school. What am I gonna do just keep running? Has to end somewhere right? So why bother? I just don't want to live like this anymore but I don't know how to fix it. To be honest I feel like I've become so absorbed that I can't. I think I'm gonna do it but I don't know. I want to but I can't bring myself to do it. I know this post is long as shit and rambles and jumps from thing to thing but I don't care read it if you want or don't it doesn't matter anyway