Everyone thinks Im a happy popular sorority girl with tons of boys to talk too &amp; a great life, currently sipping prosecco debating OD’ingIm just, sad

My mum knew from a young age, telling me I need to stop loving and caring for everyone I meet the minute I meet them. I wish I had listened. Years later (I’m 22) I couldnt feel more alone and emotionally depleted.

I think my biggest gripe, which will sound really stupid, is I want someone to love. I realize Im young (though I dont feel it) but its so tiring, this hook up culture, this culture of not caring. Whenever I’d get rejected IRL i’d make up some stupid title and post on Gone Wild for a few hours of attention, to feel liked, wanted. But it doesnt fill the void. I lost my virginity this February to someone I’d been talking too for 7 months, and have been consistently hooking up with said dude ever since, and while Ive developed feelings, he couldnt care less. On the flip side, his best friend met a girl around the same time he met me, and the best friend/best friends girlfriend are deeply in love, travel the world together, met each others parents, etc.

It makes me die a little inside to think that even after giving him one of the most intimate parts of me, Im still not worth much. 

I realize I have issues placing my personal worth in the hands of others, and I wish I didnt, but I do, and I feel worthless. I tried to kill myself in elementary school, I tried to suffocate myself on my barbie pillow, her pretty face smiling at me while mine mirrored the sad broken face of a 6th grader with an eating disorder.

I was in a sorority, sweetheart of a fraternity, did tons of community service, kept myself fit, was kind, caring, loving, to anyone who’d give me a second of their time. And as I sit in my apartment alone, looking at friends out and about tonight, I just wonder whats the point. I have friends that are absolutely horrible humans, that live great lives, and I wish I could do so too. I wish I could be a bitch, I wish I could be rude, mean, come off as scary. So I could be something, someone. Being the soft-spoken, sweet, shy girl is only endearing for so long. Eventually people get bored and want something more exciting, more challenging. Something I’ll never be.

Im just tired. I drank for fun in college, now I see myself turning to it for solace, companionship. Im gonna finish this bottle, and then just think about things. I just know I dont wanna exist like I am, anymore.