Im ready to give up now       Im done being sad everyday. Im done being poor and hungry everyday. Im done wishing I could just get hit by a speeding car or accidentally poison myself or get some deadly disease and just fall over and die. I have realized life was set up from the start for some people to just be miserable and poor. Im fucking lonely and anxious everyday of my life for hours a day. I recently picked up crying as a hobby before i get some sleep. I slept for two hours last night because all my time i wasted crying in bed with a knife at hand wishing I’d have a knee jerk reaction and violently stab myself. I’ve cut myself enough to know im not brave enough to willingly cause permanent damage too myself. I wish the world wasn’t how it is. Someone’s gotta get the shit end of the stick so the other end has more shine. How could someone get a big mac if know one drops out of high school and lives paycheck to paycheck for the rest of their lives. That’s me. Im the bottom of the totem pole. I make others feel good about what they have cause they can say “At least I’m not that guy”. And don’t get me wrong, alot of people have it worse than me. But at the end of the day I only know my pain, my sadness, and my depression. 

       Lately, I’ve been thinking that I’m honestly just a fucking terrible person. I have immense jealousy for my friends to the point that I don’t wanna talk to them anymore. They have stable families and are enjoying college life while I work 40 hours a week just to blow it all away cause I honestly want to die more than i want to try to work miracle and fix my life. I can’t imagine being happy. Ive been sad for 13 years now so all i know is that i have alot more years coming. I know my own limitations and I’m not built to work miracles. Im not motivated enough to drag my own sorry ass into a happy future. 
        
              I’ve put up with enough emotional scarring and I have put myself through enough physical harm. In the end, when it’s all said and done, i hope atleast one tear is shed for my suicide. Im not sure when I’ll do it but it’s definitely coming. Im at new lows in life. I haven’t had a single up in years. I can’t put up with the misery any longer.