Sorry MomMom,

First of all I'd like to apologize for what I did, I know you would have helped had you known but I felt to ashamed to talk to anyone about it. Sorry for doing it on my birthday too, but I just couldn't wait any longer. Besides, even if I wanted to the anxiety would just make me stutter non stop like it always does. You called it my dads curse because it runs in his side of the family, but the word curse doesn't do it justice. Imagine being unable to speak to someone at an articulate level, to be looked down on in every single conversation you have, to have girls laugh when you try to talk to them, to have your friends make fun of you everyday for something that isn't your fault. I couldn't even get help if I wanted to, the words just physically wouldn't come out.

It's not your fault, you didn't fail as a mother. I failed as a person because I got used to killing myself slowly and just accepted it. Please don't spend money on a funeral service or anything, put it towards Joe's college fund or something. 

But before this ends you have to know something. When I was younger dad would frequently molest Joe and I after showering. Back then I didn't think much of it, because why would my own dad hurt me. I don't think Joe remembers, but I do. I just thought you should know. It's up to you what you do, I know you love him with all your heart and would be crushed to hear this, but I had to say it before I left.

To any of the people I used to consider friends, its not your fault either. I pushed you away and it's my fault, I should have brought you closer but instead I just ran in shame. Sorry about leaving, I know a few of you might be upset but at least I can stop feeling now. Keep doing what you guys are doing and try to be successful. The only thing I'm going ask is to get closer as friends, really try to be there for each other. You might not know it but a lot of the people that put up that strong front are really hurting inside and could use some friends to keep their spirits up. 

Please don't get too upset, I know it's going to be tough but I'm confident you guys can get through this. I'm going to miss you guys, stay strong.
