I'm tired, I'm defeated and I don't want to try and get back up and fight anymore.The title is the gist of it really. I am tired of life and I don't want to try anymore, and I think I'm going to kill myself in the next week or so, I just don't want to try and be alive basically, wake up to 'this'.

I have grown up in a poor household, and seen my friends live in nice, larger houses and I often got picked on for the house I grew up in and still live in, and which led me to become anxious about it and resulted in me never having any 'friends' over to my house, ever.

I first became depressed in year 12, 2012, my final year of schooling. I was always capable of school but completely made a mess of the year, reaching nowhere near my potential. I couldn't get out of bed in the morning, barely attended class, and just hated school and my life. I graduated with average marks and got into a Bachelor of Arts just at the request of my parents pressure to go to university. I didn't improve my mindset or academic ways in my first year and was just passing classes, mid way through the year I met one of my mates girlfriends friend, we got along pretty well and went on a few dates and then eventually started dating. This didn't last long, but being naive as I was, my first relationship + kiss, I thought it would never end, that it would be great, at least for a considerable amount of time, I was wrong. She ended up breaking up with me because she didn't feel she was ready for a relationship and just wanted to remain friends. I started to slip back into old ways and started to get a little manic and anxious, which ruined the friendship. This was just something else in my life that didn't work out, but oh well I thought.

I started 2014 transferring into a Bachelor of Psychology, keen to turn my academic ways around, with a harder degree I would try more, right? I grew more and more depressed and couldn't get out of bed to go to class, I ended up failing all 4 of my units, I was a mess. It was around this time I met a girl online on the website tumblr, we started talking and skyping constantly, really kicked it off. I deferred from university and was working part time, but as I grew closer and closer to this girl, and my life being where it was at we decided I would come over on a working holiday visa to stay for 6 - 12 months. My mother grew terribly ill during this time which now results in her not being able to have full control of her legs, I got fired from another casual job I had, my dad had threatened to kick me out, but what kept me going was her, my holiday away, to spend with the girl I was so in love with. We considered each other soul mates, so many plans and secrets, we had agreed to always work things out no matter what.

As time went on I had gotten my visa and was starting to look at flights and health insurance, she started to grow distant and weird so I bought it up, days or arguing and ignoring and it eventually comes out that she likes someone else, her best friend, the guy I was always worried about as they had dated before but was reassured it was just nothing, they were just friends. I tried so hard and put all my jealously tendencies aside and it blew up in my face. I blew up as you could hopefully symphasize and she blocked and deleted me on every social media we had each other on. Days later I find out via stalking they're basically going out already and calling each other babe, darling etc as you would expect. I am just completely down and out, my life is a complete and utter mess now, things just don't work out for some people, I was meant to have a shit life and I just don't want any part anymore, I'm not scared of dieing and I don't want to wake up, I sleep 12 hours a day till 4 o'clock in the afternoon and drive myself insane, I've tried everything and nothing works, I'm even going to counselling. I just felt this was my one last hope, I put everything I had into this and it blew up in my face, I'm done and I just don't want to be alive, plain and simple, and I'm not worried by this fact, I don't want to be alive. Everyone tells me things get better and you go to stay strong, I don't want to, I don't want to try anymore, things just don't work themselves out, there is no karma for those that do you wrong. It's why they're happy and I'm suicidal.

Anyway I don't know what the point of this post was, I've tried going out, doing things I 'enjoy', writing, everything. I'm a failure at university, I got fired from one job and soon another, the prospect of going overseas to a beautiful country is gone, my friends who I don't particularly like and are depressing are going to the army, I'm nothing and want to fade out of existence. 