Here's my storyI'm 29 and going to be 30 on new years. I was raised by a single mother, my parents got divorced when I was very young. I don't actually remember when they separated, and I never really remember having my father around. My fondest memories of my mother are very cloudy, the most I can remember are when I was barely old enough to talk and hearing my mom sing to me while she held me on the couch. After that point, I really had no adult figures to look up to or guide me throughout life.


My mother had me when she was 25, my dad was 30 at the time. When grade school hit, I remember being bullied, and only having the occaissonal one friend at any given time. When I was younger I remember being left at my grandparents a lot, I guess it was because my mom was always busy working trying to make money to support us. After school I would always be picked up by the people at the local YMCA where they watched after me for a few hours until my mom picked me up. From the ages of 6-15 the only memories I have are of being picked on in school, left alone, and having no one to talk to. I was spoiled with video games and toys, but never really was the outgoing type so it was difficult for me to make friends. I don't really understand how to explain it, but I never felt neglected back then even though now that I look back at it, I never really felt like I had any emotional backing or any of that stuff. It was always, why aren't your grades better, or felt like my mother taking out her frustration of work or being a single mother out on me. I don't really remember 100%, but I remember for a long time, that when we got home after she picked me up from my grandparents house, she would just lay in bed and ask me to get her pills from the medicine cabinet before going to my room, sometimes it would be upwards of 6 pills, she would always say it was because she had headaches.


My mom got remarried, I don't remember the actual date but it was sometime around the transition of grade school and junior high, because that was when one of my cousins was sent here from overseas. Her mother died (my cousin's) and she was my uncles daughter. No one was able to take care of her overseas because her grandmother was getting old so she was just shipped here for some reason. She was always depressed. I was too young to notice at the time, but now I know she was bulimic and suicidal, or just putting these things out there for attention, which our side of the family never gave her, mostly because of the fact that they didn't know how (at least that's what I think it was). She would always be cutting her wrists with knives or razors, to where she would form prominent discolored scars on her wrists which were easily noticeable from a distance. On several occaissons she would ask me to watch outside the bathroom door and tell her if anyone was coming, mostly because the family knew she was bulimic, and just yelled at her for doing it. She was moved from house to house and never really had a home, she lived with several of my aunts and uncles, then my grandparents, and even spent some time living with me and my mom.
Eventually one day while I was in junior high, my cousin was living at my grandparents during this time, I heard or have been told rather that she had run away and accused my grandfather of raping her (my grandfather was about 80yrs old I believe at the time). I never heard of her since, and sometimes I have dreams about her just randomly visiting my house sometimes letting me know she is ok, but then after she leaves I never hear or see of her again and I can't find her. She was probably the closest to my age at the time and we didn't really talk too much about personal things, but she vented a lot to me and talked to me and a couple of times I saw her cry while she was going through a photo album of her mothers funeral. She never really was someone for me to talk to at the time, mostly because I think I was young and didn't really understand that I needed or wanted someone to talk to, I just figured that was just the way things are, this is just the way people are and im just a kid going through life.


I never really had any close friends during junior high, I mostly hung around with the 'scraps' as they called us, where we were just mostly friends because we didn't fit in with the popular kids. I wasn't really that close to them, and most of them just stopped hanging around us once they made friends with more popular kids. One of my best friends from early grade school actually became one of the popular kids in junior high and hes the one I remember bullying me and talking shit about me the most calling me fatty or fatass.
During my early teen years my parents started buying me pets, I had cats and dogs, I felt like they were my friends during this time. Any time I had a fight or my mom got pissed and the mood around the household was down I'd just go to my room and lay in bed holding my dog. Til this day, the sounds of people yelling or doors slamming and loud sounds make me feel uneasy and give me a sick feeling. They have been fighting all day, and I haven't personally talked to my mother for over a week since our last fight.


Well when high school came around, it was bad and I just hated it, I was depressed through high school, had no friends, and during lunch hours I would just try to find some corner to sit in until it was over. I hated it so much, that I got my parents to try to transfer me to a different district in hopes that maybe I would make new friends or be the 'cool new kid'. Nope. It just turned out as bad as it was. At least people weren't picking on me, I was just the invisible guy for 2 years until I graduated. There's not much to say on that topic. I just remember one fight I had with my mom during high school caused me to 'run away'. I can't remember if it was them fighting or me fighting with them, but one morning I just felt like I didn't want to get out of bed because I just felt so down and sad, and my stepfather never came in the room to tell me to get up or ask me if i was going to school or not, so I just laid in bed all day and slept. Eventually he went to work (my stepdad worked the nightshift while my mother worked the dayshift). My mother came home and she said my stepdad told her I didn't go to school or something. I told her I took the bus to school and lied to her face. When my stepdad called home to talk to her she found out I lied, then we just had a big arguement with her saying she does all this for me she buys me stuff and just kept yelling at me, and I just remember talking to one of my older cousins on my dads side on aol instant messenger asking her if she could pick me up because I couldn't take this anymore. I stayed at their house for a couple days with my mom never calling me or anything. I don't know why but eventually I called her and asked if I could come back and she seemed angry but I went back.
The school year went by and I graduated. My graduation wasn't anything special, even I didn't care much about it, but there was some family there and we went to a restaurant afterwards. The high school never really helped me prepare to go to college, and I never took the SAT's or at least I didnt, my parents never talked to me about going to college after high school either. I've never had a job throughout high school either, so I really had no life experience and had no clue what to do after I graduated, but I asked my mom to take me to a community college and help me sign up. I dont think she ever went to college either or tried, but when we got there she asked some students where the admissions office was and they just pointed in a direction. We went to the building and were waiting in some line when she got frustrated and pissed making a scene like 'why wont anyone help us' , 'is anyone even here?" or something like that I can't really remember it clearly, but she gets mad and we go back to the car and I just sit there with the college catalog in my hand not saying a thing or looking at her, then she turns to me and gets mad at me for some reason. So we just drive home at that point.


My memory gets a bit cloudy from this point as all I remember is that I went through a lot of stress, tears, and sadness. I remember getting in contact with my cousin again (the one I called when i ran away, my birth father lives with them btw). Apparently they didnt live in the same town anymore and moved 120miles away, I ask if I could live with them or stay with them for a while. This point is where my so called 'adult' life begins. I end up going to live with my birth dad, who lives with his sister and her husband. My grandma on that side of the family lives with them as well as my cousin (the one I called) and her brother and his wife and his children, so the house was pretty crowded.


Observations is about the only thing I got out of most of my adult life. I learned my dad never really recovered from the divorce years ago when I was young, lost his job and was working in janitorial services. He became a secluded hermit and never really talks to anyone much. He recently was diagnosed with Huntingtons disease, and I dont see much of him anymore.
from the ages of 19-24/25? I lived with them, then maintained a somewhat friendly relationship with my mom. My cousins wife helped me get enrolled in a community college out here, but I still never held a job. My mom gave me money every month to give to them to pay for me staying with them I guess. Eventually my mom and grandmother got in some talks and they say they are going to buy me a house out here, and that happens. I live out here for 2 or 3 years on my own in a 2 story house. I get into the local car scene and met a friend, but strayed away from him, because I would rather stay home to myself I guess. I haven't talked to him in a while I just stopped replying to his texts and never picked up his calls until he just stopped altogether. All this time I am still going to junior college without any real goals. The first year I just took some random GE classes, I decide to try computer science as a major because all I do is stay home on the computer anyways. I switch after a year of comp science classes because it was boring and I didnt relate to anyone in my classes. I studied biology and was thinking about biotechnology, but then it just got too hard because it was all memorization, and I wasn't really interested in it once I got to the botany/zoology classes. I then switched to electrical engineering and spent a long time catching up on my math classes because I had never taken them because the upper division math classes werent needed for my other majors I tried.


My grandfather died while I was out here. The first death in the family I ever really experienced and it broke me. I guess I knew he would die someday but it hit me hard because I felt like he was the only one who wanted to see me be successful in life. He felt bad for me and took care of me because he felt bad I grew up with no father. He was putting money into a pension that I would receive after he died, and when he got sick came by one day with a note telling me how to distribute the money between my little cousins and my grandma. I never really got the pension because one of my uncles tricked my grandma into signing some form so she receives most of it and all I get was the 180$ a month at the time.
Throughout this time my mother had a mental breakdown, suffered through depression, and their house got foreclosed on back home without me knowing. Apparently she got in a fight with my grandmother and my grandmother stopped helping pay for the house out here. My mom quit her job, my parents moved out here in the house they were paying for. My mom was broken and just was depressed the entire time when she first moved here, she was put on depression medication that just made her sleep all day. We wouldn't fight like before, but it felt like she was basically a lifeless body in the house. She was even put on electroshock therapy for a while, and went on early retirement or disability I dont know, whatever it is.
She's a hoarder, she likes to spend money so she just buys stuff, and the house is just full of clothes and racks and crap. I don't say anything because who am I to say anything I dont have a job. All I get is 220$ a month from my grandfathers pension. She gets mad at me always asking when im going to graduate, and I dont really know. I dont even have my GE done yet. I tried to get a job when I first moved out here at 19, but she told me not to because then she couldnt claim me on insurance, and she said she could claim me til I was 25, so I never got a job. Now she complains that I dont have a job or a degree yet, and I guess I have myself to blame for that. I have no clue how to get a job, i never had a father figure in my life or anyone to help me do anything so im pretty clueless on mostly anything that has to do with life.


I got in a fight last week with my mom, I bought some beers and was drinking that night because I had just spent the whole weekend studying for a DE test on monday. It started when I went to her room and kind of nudged her on the back in a playful way, because she was sitting on her laptop with her earphones on and couldnt see me, she got pissed and said stop pushing her then just took her hand and hit me on the forehead real hard, so I smacked her forehead back. She just replied with 'who do you think you are!?", and I replied why do you have to be so abusive and hit and scream all the god damn time, and she just said more abusive shit and ended up with her saying who do you think you are you're 30 years old and you're living off of me. I ended up just getting up and walking out of the room to my room and laying in bed the rest of the day and next two days. My parents have since then just been arguing yelling and slamming doors constantly.


I thought about just picking up and leaving, but I have nowhere to go. I wanted to call people but I had no one to talk to. I ended up calling one of my cousins I grew up with and just venting, but it didn't help any. I looked up jobs on the local craigslist but anything I find requires experience which I have absolutely none of. I don't even know how to form a resume and even then I have absolutely nothing to put on it. I don't know what to do anymore and I hate where I am right now. I keep thinking just pack some clothes and just go out into the world but I don't even know what to do out there, be homeless. All im doing is living off my mom and im almost 30 years old and I have no clue what to do. 

Watching movies make me depressed because it just reminds me of all the years and memories I never had. Spending time with people makes me depressed because I see the lives they have, the children they have, the success they have. I feel like everything has passed me by, and it all is just getting harder and harder to take because there is nothing that relies on me but myself right now. I've been this bad before, but never really this far because there was always 'the future' I guess, or I had games or stuff to keep my mind occupied. I don't really have that anymore, and I have no clue what to do, I have no life experience and I just see no way out. I don't want to do anything bad, because this is the only life I have, I don't really believe in religion. I just feel like I've wasted my life and there is nothing I can do to fix it. I don't really see myself getting any better, I'm 29 now, and my birthday isn't something im looking forward to. I don't even know what I'm typing anymore or why, maybe just in the hopes there is some saviour out there who can save me, or just people out there who will listen to me to make me feel like im important. Its just sad that it has come to this that I'm not even talking to anyone anymore, just reaching out to the random masses for help, no friends no family this time. what else is there left for me if not myself i dont even know how to be happy anymore i dont know what to do i dont even know if im capable of helping myself anymore, ive failed so much so many times and always come up short i just feel like all i ever do is reach out and there is nothing there and relying on myself is just another failure because i cant do anything right, i dont know how to do anything right i dont know what to do anymore. the only thing i look forward to is sleeping and just numbing all my senses and shutting down my brain. all i can think of recently is how i am nothing and have done nothing with my life even if i want to try i dont know how to, i dont know how to do anything. what do i do, i dont know what to do anymore and it just keeps getting harder and harder to cope, harder and harder to vent, i cant talk to anyone i cant relate to anyone i cant live my life because i have no life. just keeps going deeper and deeper the longer it goes, and making it so much easier to just give up . I just see all these rich people, these famous people, these successful people and ask why cant that be me? why cant that sucessful person be me, why cant i be that guy, why cant i be that girl, why cant i be someone else?