Anorexic, have been sick with GI issues for 13 days, going to end it on 2/5/2016.I have never felt this desperate before, I have had depression w/ suicidal thoughts since I was about 12 or so. 

For the last 13 days I've been sick with some kind of GI illness. I went to urgent care, they said it was a virus, to come back after 7 days if it hadn't resolved. I've now submitted stool samples but haven't gotten any results. I have never been this sick in my life, and I'm completely emotionally and physically exhausted. I can't keep living like this. 

I've been sticking to the BRAT diet and have lost enough weight that I'm now clinically underweight. Last year on February 4th I was hospitalized because I wasn't eating enough. I worked so hard all of last year to keep my weight up, to eat enough food. I've done exposure therapy to address my anxiety and have taken medications that have made me sick. And for what? Something completely out of my control has washed away all of my progress.  I fought so hard just to end up in a shitty situation. One that's completely out of my control.

The last doctor I saw was really dismissive of my pain and symptoms. Nobody cares that the anorexic girl can't eat without having explosive diarrhea. Nobody cares that I'm so sick that I can't work or go to school. 

I have a history of GI concerns but have never been able to get a real diagnosis. It's never been this bad before though. Because I have a history of issues I'm so worried that this is going to be my life. I don't want to live with a chronic illness. 

I also don't particularly want to die, but I'm just desperate for the suffering to end. I'm giving the medical system 17 more days to help me. After that I'm done. If I even live to then, I know that I'm in a serious calorie deficiency. 

I can't talk to anyone in my real life about this. I don't want to go back to a psychiatric hospital. My psychiatrist there was a real bitch and the stay was completely dehumanizing. Even though I wasn't having suicidal thoughts at the time and had no self harm issues or drug abuse issues, I was strip searched. I had to remove and shake out my underwear and was given ill fitting hospital clothes to wear. I was stripped of my humanity. I was stripped of my humanity to fight for my life only to be even sicker now than I was a year ago. 

Fuck this. 