Hanging on by a thread...So this will be a bit of a long one. I figure why not tell my life story that I’ve hid to myself for so long. I’m 27 years old, first depression hit me at age 14. I started self harming, still do to this day. At age 15 I was raped then proceeded to drink a lot - just to be drunk enough to sleep around, so I had the control not like my first experience. I never told a soul about the sexual assault I kept it inside, ashamed. The drinking and sleeping around over being depressed and not caring for myself got very bad and I ended up pregnant by someone who wanted nothing to do with me. I lost my baby mid term. I became more depressed. I’ve been hospitalized more times than I can count. I’ve been diagnosed with border line personality disorder, anxiety, depression and ptsd. I also can’t help the self harm it’s like an addiction that makes me feel numb. Everyday suicide is on my mind. Even on a “good” day whatever that is. Even at work. At home. Anywhere suicide is on my my mind. After my engagement ended 2 months before my wedding due to a really drug addicted abusive partner everything just got worse. I wake up every day thinking why? Why am I still trying? I’m SO tired of trying. Waking up exhausted, miserable, no desire for anything. No desire to keep in contact with anyone who once was a friend. My pets are what are holding me by a thread I love them so much. My siblings all live successful lives they’re too busy to contact me. I moved to a city where I know no one to get away from the abusive ex fiancé. Getting to work each day is impossible they will just replace me the second I’m gone I’m not of any importance to anyone. I’m just living on auto pilot. Every day. Hoping one day I won’t wake up. I did have an overdose last year where I was in a coma but I woke up. I kept telling myself I must’ve woke up for some reason....but that feeling of being in a coma...no feeling....like those days didn’t exist to me...I liked that. I don’t want to be a burden to anyone anymore. I want the constant anxiety and depression to give me a break for once. But it won’t, it never does. I feel worthless, alone with no purpose....each night I’m fighting with the demons in my head to overdose or not to overdose...