Extremely depressed 24 year old... Thoughts of suicide for years...HelpPlease forgive the many grammatical mistakes. I didnt have time to proofread everything.

My life is a story of misery and loneliness. I've just had a huge row with my family this morning (again) and I can safely say that I count on no human being, not even my family to support me in my darkest, most depressing hours. I will write my story here in the hope that maybe someone out there will read it and perhaps understand where I'm coming from. Maybe this will be my suicide note and someone can track my family to show this to them.

To know about my life, first you need to know a bit about my family - mother, father, older brother (29), his wife and 6 months baby, younger sister (22) engaged and to be married this year. I will write a brief biography about each of them.

Father: Probably the only one I least hate in my immediate family (apart from my 6 months old nephew). He grew up in a poor household but managed to get himself educated despite coming from no money, and now works in a high paying job. All opportunities that I've had in my life are an indirect result of his early life choices.  If he had been like any of his brothers (4), he would have lived the rest of his life like them broke and leeching off of relatives. But he payed my way through university for which I will always owe him a huge debt, even if it's unpayable. Now my father isn't a complete saint. First, he is an extreme miser, he has never given any money (even insignificant amounts) to his family without a lot of arguing or oftentimes, refusing outright,  even though he earns a ridiculous amount of money. Sure he pays for the house and utilities ( he gives a very tight budget) because my loser of a ****head brother has been broke and jobless all his life so doesnt contribute anything to the house. And i've noticed all my life that he has been especially stingy in giving me not a cent more than what was absolutely necessary i.e basically food and a few clothes - he never bought me a toy when I was a kid but simply handed me down my brothers broken toys thinking I'm too stupid/gullible to ever notice. Secondly, I found proof two years ago that my father had slept with another woman. I've kept this secret to myself and don't blame him because of my mother which I will explain in the next paragraph. Ever since I was five, my father has always been away on "jobs" in other cities so we were always at home with our mum and he would visit us once a month for like 2 days to check up on us, spend some time (mostly watching tv or going out to visit his old buddies) and then left to come back next month (this cycle has gone on basically all my life - to my siblings and I, this is just normal life now). Even when we managed to change our home to his work city, he would soon find a better job in a bigger city and then the same thing went on with him never being around. Thirdly, my father is very emotionally detached from us (basically because of my mom and recently, my brother too). When he comes home, he rarely talks to us. He has often told me in confidence that he has been depressed for a long time and that once you are all "settled" in life (marriage, job etc), I will fly off to europe and leave everything behind. He also tells me that I am his "ONLY" hope in leaving behind a legacy of some worth since his elder son has been an abject failure.

Mother: To put it very briefly, my mother is the MAIN problem of us all. She is a controlling, highly, highly paranoid schizophreniac. No not thr kind that goes around the house waving a knife or make us fear that she will kill us in our beds any day. But she's not normal. She HATES my father to the core of her being. She will NEVER say a good thing about my father in front of us or anyone (she'd rather keep quiet depending upon the company she's in instead of accidentally saying something good like maybe the comfortable life she lives is because my father has been working his ass off for her). She basically considers him the sum of all evil and every supposed plot against her (to steal her tiny savings ofc) is being led/orchestrated by my father and his siblings (most of whom have their own busy lives to live). To give you an example, if one day a small snake pops up in our garden during a rainy day or if there's a spoon missing from the cupboad, she would think it's our father and his relatives who payed the maid/gardener to do it simply to annoy her. In those rare moments when I asked her out of anger why would anyone consider you significant enough to invest so much time and energy just to annoy you and why can't you see it's all just paranoia, she simply spites me and says you're an idiot/my dad has cast a dark spell on me or her favourite line now, "you're not my son". We've tried to convince her to get treatment for her paranoia many times but she adamantly refuses to point of going literally nuts. She is the reason why everyone in our family is afraid to come to our home or spend time with us. You can guess she has no friends either, just my sister to keep her company. I still try my best to be a good son and not let he venomous hatred for everyone get to me, but honestly there are days when I wish she peacefully dies in her sleep and we won't have to suffer the psychological damage/pressure from her ALL the time.

Sister: I used to think my sister, despite all her flaws, was deep-down a good person. I've come to realize I was wrong. She is an extremely manipulative scum who always gets what she wants. She will fake crying, drama, create urgency just to get others to do whatever she wants (my mum ALWAYS supports her - she's her only daughter and all). She never asks anything from me, she demands it and if not given to her, she would start venoming like my mother about how I'm not her real brother and how I wish you were dead at birth (my arms often shake from restraining myself and giving her a huge slap but I can't because I've been programmed that you can't hit a girl no matter what she says or does). I've still occasionally tried going against my nature and do what she asks to see if it changes her nature. Her usual reaction is to act as nicely as possible when I'm doing her errand but the moment it's done, it's back to bitch mode and she will never do anything for me when I ask her. Frankly, seeing her personality transform over the years from a relatively shy and honest girl to a sly, badmouthing bitch who uses the fact that she's a girl to get things her way, I would rather not have any close ties with her in future after she's married off. Only the occasional hi at a family gathering would be more than enough for me.

Brother: With my mother, my brother is the MAJOR reason why I often seriously consider killing myself, just so I wouldn't have to be around him anymore. My brother in brief: he started studying ACCA (accountancy) when he was 18, finished 2/3rds then kept failing repeatedly and quit (blamed the examiners for not passing him but never blamed himself for quitting), then started working online for a few months and saved a bit of money, but a year later spent it all with his "friends" on a trip to thailand n malaysia. then he started studying for CFA (still all fees payed for by dad ofc ), finished 2/3rds then simply left it saying he'll resume it later when he is less busy (I wonder what' he busy in since he has never had a job in his life). Got married 1.5 years ago, sweet talked dad into spending an ENORMOUS sum (way beyond our means) on his wedding (we have 3 day long weddings in Pakistan) I kept telling him to not waste so much money and maybe use some of it to start a business after getting married - he told me to piss off and worry about my life, not his. Also, it's important to mention that in our society, the elder brother is sort of the default head of the family after Dad, and since dad is never around, he likes to act as HEAD of our house. Today, my brother is a 29 year old slacking ba*ta*d who has a wife and kid, never had a job in his life, says he applies for jobs occasionally (and never gets called because he has no degree) spends all day around home doing grocery shoping/wacthing tv and living off comfortably with money a checque dad sends every month to him (to take care of us all). My dad is not a business owner. He is 60+, has a heart condition and literally travels EVERYDAY in order to earn for his family. When I tell my brother to look at our dad's condition and try to get a job, ANY job, he blames it on the companies for not responding to his CV or not contacting him with an offer. My dad has always loved my brother more than me (being his first born son) but after seeing what a miserable loser his son has become, he has resigned himself to this fate and occasionally even cried in front of me to tell me what a disappointment his elder son really is. My dad tells me how he is getting weaker every day from exhaustion and that he can't continue like this for much longer. My brothers reaction when I tell him all of this: It's not my fault, there are companies in other countries who would hire me in a second but I'm staying here to take of you all so you should thank me. WHAT? If grocery shopping is taking care of us, we can take care of ourselves. He also verbally and psychologically abuses me whenever I get on his case about dad or work, by telling me I'm a fat loser who doesn't have any friends and no one loves me, not even his family. I have made up my mind that once mom and dad are dead, I will take my share of inheritance and never be in contact with my sh*tlord brother again (who will probably end up broke/in debt and call me out for help which I will never give him)

and Finally me: I am a 24 year old engineer who recently graduated from a top engineering university of my country. I'm earning a lot working online and saving up to go abroad for a masters degree (something I very much look forward to since it will be 2-5 years away from my family). Because of constant moving around during my adolescent years, I've never really had any long-term friends and after slowly "discovering" the nature of my family members, I started growing distrustful of people in general. Now don't get me wrong, I'm not a hermit who has zero social skills or hates everyone from a corner. I am cordial in conversation, I have one REAL friend whom I can count on with my life and am humorous in day-to-day life (which I think is a coping mechanism that's naturally developed against my life long depression). I am not gay, transgender or sexually depressed, nor do I have a SO. I used to be very sensitive as a child but hardened up over the years so now it's just a constant state of passive depression+anger.  I usually stay in my room all day working because I don't like mixing with any of my family members, and don't go out much.

The most recent row this morning was over my sweet little sister banging on my door and telling me to take her to university (the driver didn't show up).  I told her my head was aching bad and she should ask the other brother. Moments later, my door was being heavily banged by my brother. I knew another shouting match was about to start so I opened it when he leapt at me. Long story short, we said some extremely nasty things to each other, my sis + mom completely backed my brother telling me to leave OUR home (it's not theirs ONLY) and I'm about to call my dad to beg him to take me with him to work away from these people (we sort of do the same kind of work).

I just don't think I can cope with this BS life any longer, what's the point of living with a family that drains out of you any energy you have for a making a good life for yourself. My mantra used to be "This too shall end" but I'm starting to believe it really never does. The scars your family leaves on you stay forever, even after they're gone. I seriously don't consider waking up every morning to go through this sh&amp;t again and again worth the effort. Why shouldn't I just end my suffering and kill myself in a nice, clean manner (like a gunshot to the head)?