I think this world is better off without me.As someone with ADHD and Autism, I struggled in school settings and I never really found it interesting. Constant parent-teacher consultations, constant teacher comments on everything I did good or bad, sometimes saying or doing inappropriate things (I know, my fault as I was immature at the time) really reduced my interest in school.

I couldn't read things properly, I couldn't even formulate coherent sentences at the time, and even as I progressed up high school, I still struggled with reading, writing, and just having a mindset that requires one to be successful in an academic setting.

At times I wondered why I was even there. My own family even gave up on me at the time because of my mental health issues. I guess I'm just a bad person and that I am destined to be detested. I never asked to be normal or act normal anyway.

I always used to claim that I knew how to do my timetables in the second grade, and everyone but the teacher knew I was bullshitting. I guess I was just afraid of being judged or being seen as that stupid kid.

Fast forward to the sixth grade. I was in one of the lowest math sets, and I knew I wasn't learning or advancing myself. I spoke to my form teacher about it and he said he'd work on something, only for him to tell me that "there's no point because the top set is much harder than the set you're in". I eventually managed to move up to the middle math set, and stayed there for a long time up until the 10th grade.

Then comes the ninth grade. I pick up an interest in languages, and it goes uphill from there. I learn the alphabets of various languages such as Russian, Ukrainian, Belarusian, Arabic, and a bunch of other unknown languages such as Chechen, Kabardian, Erzya, Moksha, Avar and so on. By the time I reach the end of the ninth grade, I could familiarise myself with the alphabet of more than 30+ languages I encountered, and I could pronounce the letters. When I told some of my peers, they told me "you're just using google translate" or that "You have to be fluent in them to be able to read them, stop bullshitting".

Then comes the eleventh grade. I wanted to go to university and study something like Mechanical Engineering. I ended up doing badly in one of my math courses the first few tests, but I managed to pick up the pace and do better at school. Many teachers told me that my goals were unrealistic and that "I need to accept my limitations" and "stop trying to be someone I'm not".

Looking back at all of this now, I have pushed so many people away. I have upset many people. Maybe school wasn't for me, but had I listened, I don't think any of this would've happened.

I truly think that I'm nothing but a selfish asshole that cares only about himself and thinks the whole world is against him.