Just finished my note. Think it'll help?I don't really have a good reason.  I have a caring family, good friends, a job, and I'm having my education paid for.  I would probably never have to worry about finding a place to stay or food to eat.  It seems like everyone around me has bent over backwards to make sure I'm happy, especially my parents.  In light of all of this, I still don't want to be here.  

I'm not very passionate about anything.  No career field sounds appealing.  Spending time with friends is hit or miss.  My favorite things are games and sleeping.  I think I enjoy those activities because they prevent me from thinking about life.  Finding a girlfriend seems unlikely, and the thought of having a child makes me nauseous.  I can't imagine bringing a kid into the world that would be like me.  This makes the future seem pretty bleak and undesirable.  

Perhaps related to my lack of motivation is my general lack of ability at anything.  I haven't been particularly good at any of my tasks at work.  Common sense is a concept I've only heard of.  I used to think I was intelligent, but a look back at my grades reveals an average student.  I'm not even good at the videogames I spend all of my time on.  I think I've only been good at one thing, and that is foosball.  Maybe above-average would be a better term.  Good is a bit strong.  I guess I was an ok uncle, but I think that was pretty much incidental.  It seems that playing videogames in front of them was enough.  

Was this a sudden urge?  No.  It's been a steady progression for almost the last decade.  High school was crap.  That was probably when the thought of suicide entered my head.  The first round of college was awful.  Afterwards wasn't very good either.  When I started dieting and lost all that weight, the initial reason was my desire to leave a more attractive corpse.  It wasn't until I went back to college that suicide became not only a daily thought, but inevitable.  I went back to school in January, and realized by around April that I had no interest in putting effort into my education.  Dropping out again didn't seem like an option.  I had associated dropping out with Gump dying, I guess.  I bought my gun about a year ago.  Maybe my senior paper was just the straw on  the camel's back.  Over the past month or so my motivation has hit zero.  

I spose this has made some people sad.  Maybe even angry.  I just want you to think about how often we spent time together.  A few times a month, tops?  Did you enjoy that time?  If you think about it, I think you'll find that it is unreasonable to expect me to stick around when our time together could be easily replaced.  You want to watch someone play videogames, or rant about politics, or sit around wondering what to do?  I bet you can find someone else to join you in those activities.  People say that suicide is selfish.  I would argue that it's equally selfish to ask people to live when they don't want to.  I also want to point out that people will probably be sad regardless of how I end up dying.  Is it that much worse that I did it myself?

Why didn't I seek treatment?  As a psych major you'd think I'd be more accepting of treatment than the average person.  From my understanding,  there's no cure for depression.  There are treatments, medications, and therapies.  Nobody I've heard from has claimed that they were cured.  Why should I force myself to hobble along from medication to medication, therapy session to therapy session, when there are already plenty of people around that want to be here.  Let my resources be used on someone else.  I also find the idea of being institutionalized a nightmare.  Therapists are required to alert the proper authorities when someone is a danger to themselves or others.  I don't trust my acting skills enough to approach a therapist about depression but not suicide.  

Please don't turn this into a gun control issue.  Levels of gun control and suicide rates don't correlate very well, and frankly I'm glad to have a method that is quick and reliable.  I tend to screw things up, so the idea of hanging or other methods makes me a bit nervous.  This may seem irrational, but I would like if suicide was legal.  It'd be nice if I could talk this over with you guys without having to worry about getting locked up.  Maybe make it less of a surprise, and perform the suicide in a way that is a little less messy.  I'm sure some of you would have wanted to talk to me, also.  I've seen movies where people commit suicide.  I can empathize to an extent.  The frustration and hopelessness that you feel.  “Stop!  Let's just talk this through.  What do you want?  We'll get you whatever you need.  I'll do anything!”  I'm  asking you to be introspective again.  Would you actually do anything?  Do you think it would help?  I can assure you that you probably wouldn't, and even if you did it wouldn't make a difference.  I don't want you guys to feel any sort of guilt.  On paper my environment has been pretty much perfect.  I couldn't ask for better family or friends.  It's me that's the problem.  