How do I help my 'depressed' friend? I am scared for his life.My long term friend admitted today that he was going to see a councellor because he is afraid that his mind is going like his fathers. I am not sure if it's depression but that's all I can guess right now. He could just be sexually frustrated as he hasn't been with someone for a long long time. It's also possible that he's gay and is afraid to come out so has kept everything bottled up. I am open to other suggestions.

His father died years ago, but for more than a year before that, his father changed. There was not much difference at home except he was 'going out' more. They found out it was to the pub, so he was drinking regularly. 6 months after that he (the father) apparently exposed himself to a younger female neighbor in his front garden (no proof, but his strange behavior made it believable). The police came to 'sort' it out. He also seemed to be depressed and just sat around the house watching TV. The drinking got worse until his life savings ran out to which he kept drinking on pension money until he died. He died in his sleep because of a trauma wound from falling down while drunk.

Anyway, my friend told me his brain has been 'funny'. He has been cranky with people recently and hasn't been spending time with his friends/family as much as normal (but still quite a lot). He has admitted to looking at porn a lot, and saying that some of it he probably shouldn't be looking at.

I have known this guy for 30 years. I am 40, he is almost that. I would do anything to help him but I don't know what I can do. Please help me Reddit. We are both male (not partners, just friends). I have already told him that he can tell me anything and that if he needs anything to just give me a call to talk it over. I also told him if he needs a special 'holiday' somewhere that could help, I would go with him too (if he wanted). I have also told him that looking at porn a lot isn't weird or anything.

I could do with some advice. Thanks for any suggestions you can give me.