I've decided it, I'm ending my life in April 2020Basically I've been dealing with suicide thoughts since high school, I'm 23 now and as you may know if you are around that age, life gets shittier and shittier unless you are lucky, and all the emotional weight I've been carrying all this years gets worse and worse.
I simply cannot see my life getting any better now, I definitely tried give it another few chances, but everything stays the same. 
I tried doing exercise, getting new hobbies and going into a diet, and nothing worked so far.
Ever since I have memory I have this feeling that I don't belong anywhere: 
I always felt my friends never saw me as a real friend, I was never the first choice if they needed someone to talk to, not even the second, even now in college is the same thing, but I do admit it is my fault for being so difficult to talk to, or at least that's what people have told me. I feel they just talk to me because they have to, pitiful attention, but they don't see me as something else than the quiet, weird guy that hangs out with them, and I mean why would they, after all they barely even know me.
I even tried getting friends online, but it didn't work either.
Of course there's so much more behind my suicidal thoughts, but that would just make this post longer than it needs to.

You may be wondering why I'm setting a date so far off, and the reasons are:
1. I still want to give life a definitive last chance, so at least I could prove to everyone that I'm just a mistake that wasn't supposed to live in the first place and there was no way for me to be happy.
2. There are some videogames that I want to play before I die, so far material and meaningless stuff have gave me the few moments of joy in my life, but I don't want to live a life where the only thing I enjoy is material stuff.
3. Next year are my two semesters of college, and if college life was terrible, I can't tell it would just get worse for me for what I've seen other people experience.


I'll try to keep updating how I'm doing, not that I think people will care, but at least I want to keep a record of how I felt so if things get better and I have something to remember how I was feeling or my parents find my corpse one day and they'll get an idea of why I committed suicide.