Recently got laid off with the Covid19 crisis, and no longer have my coping mechanism for my intrusive thoughts: Working.So I'm a chronic workaholic with a long history of mental illness, have gone through the process of getting diagnosed, re-diagnosed, and then the whole thing getting scrapped due to not actually fitting the criteria. Then repeat. For years. Recently I got a diagnoses of high functioning autism, among other things, and how I've been coping with things like normal(read: since right out of high school) has been working.

Except not anymore. I got laid off with this global pandemic and 2 days after my final day, I started getting the intrusive thoughts. And they aren't quiet in anyway.

So about me: I have a history of self harming, specifically to disfigure myself. I feel like it's really only fair that I 'match' how I am on the inside, instead of misleading everyone around me. I tend to go for my face. So that morning, I woke up and on an impulse grabbed scissors. I have no idea how I didn't do anything stupid that morning, I don't honestly remember, but it's been about a week of no working and I'm 'coping' by pretending my bed has a stronger amount of gravity and not leaving it(I feel like heavy led basically.)

I still have school to do and I'm barely keeping up, I don't want to tell my teacher because I need to be able to keep up like all the normal kids. And instead I'm just hear, randomly crying throughout the day, trying not to go too far.

I feel like I'm very quickly getting closer to doing the bad thing, and I'm already completely aware I'd make sure I was successful(I tried just over 2 years ago, and learned where I went wrong with that attempt).

I've forced myself to open up to a couple friends, and that did not do much. I'm not even sure I'm worried or scared I'll actually do it or something I potentially might regret at this point. On top of things, I'm also hyper fixating on an unrequited crush and that's sinking me waaay fasting and harder than I ever thought possible.

I've sunk to a place I haven't felt in years and I could barely cope with it then. I don't know what to do. I feel like this is what drowning is like.