I know what's wrong with me, but I can't fix it. I'm so tired of living like this.My brain orientates towards offing myself in every moment. Fucked up a sentence? Visualize doing it. Keep staring at myself in a Zoom call and now everyone must think I'm a vain piece of shit? Throw in the towel. You get it. It's exhausting. And it's *every* *single* *time* I open my big mouth. 

My social anxiety is the biggest obstacle for me, second would be either my vanity or my disorganization. I know what's wrong, I'm deeply unhappy with myself and my inability to be alone but I can't make friends. Every opportunity I get, I just.. lose interest entirely.  I don't feel like talking to them, I think they are stupid or shallow, and then later I beat myself for thinking this way. I'm the shallow and stupid one for thinking that way. The only relationships I have in my life is with my mom, half-brother, and boyfriend- the first two don't really have a choice, they love me too much out of blood ties and the last is fucking me, so he puts up with my shit as well. Everyone else I'm incapable of relating to, either because I'm just too weird, or just not captivating enough. I'm smart, but not funny, brave, or strong, and my memory is too bad to contribute significantly to conversations. I'm just not enough. I wish I could just be nonchalant and live as myself, not needing anyone to validate me, but I can't and it fucking kills me.

I'm in college right now, taking 18 credit hours on top of working at a restaurant. Tomorrow was the one day I was looking forward to- I had an appointment for my first tattoo as well as attending a conference for the one club I have time for. But life did what life does, and my roommate tested positive so I cancelled everything. I'm going to attend the conference via Zoom but it's just not the same. 

I'm behind on my readings and have zero motivation to catch up or do any current assignments. I just don't care anymore. I was in a really low place just before the pandemic and I'm feeling myself slip  again. The problem really lies with my indecision and cowardice. I know how to do it, but I'm too scared... of what? Failing and being a vegetable, for starters. Losing her youngest child would kill my mother. I would send her to an early grave and no one would forgive me. I don't want my roommates finding me either. 

Being a coward is exhausting!!! Being ME is exhausting!! And I can't talk about it with anyone because I can't relate to anyone!!! My boyfriend just ends up talking about himself and I know what he's going to say already, and it doesn't help!!!!! I don't know what I want. I don't know if I would rather give up on a professional career and a "normal" life with friends and parties and just run away to a cave in the woods.... but I would be stuck with the person I hate the most. So should I do it??