My Friends Replaced/Left MeI am a sophomore in High School at the moment, but last year I lost all my friends. 

Let's start from the 8th grade. In 8th grade I became popular. It just sort of happened. People started to like me, I became better socially, and I was just all around accepted. At this point my life was going great. I was suddenly a part of this sort of "cool kid" clique that I never thought I would be a part of. Once that summer came (going into freshman year) everything was still amazing. My life was at an all time high. However, I  think that is where my life peaked.
 
                               Now transition to freshman year. I still had the same group of friends and things were still pretty good, but not as good as 8th grade. Suddenly, once the second semester started, everything changed. Once basketball season ended (which is the sport many of my friends play) I was sort of unaccepted by certain members of this group. Non more than the "newest member" He had been my friend forever, but was not in that "clique" I mentioned earlier, until now. Once this happened, I was kind of alone.

                    I started to notice that over the weekends I wasn't doing anything which was strange to me because I was such good friends with all of these people and we did fun stuff over the weekends all the time. I was confused but I didn't really act on it. But I happened to check on snapchat once, and to my surprise they were all out without me. This irked me. Months go by and the same thing keeps happening. I am no longer invited anywhere, and now all of them (besides 1 or 2 of these people) are just complete assholes to me. They don't want anything to do with me. I did hangout with them a few times over the summer but the connection and the friendship I had with all them didn't seem the same. Now in sophomore year, most of them will not even associate with me. Remember that one person who I mentioned earlier who was the "newest member"? It is obvious he is the one who seems to be pulling all of my former friends away from me. The sad part is me and that person were like brothers. We were always with each other and had a super strong bond. Now its just nothing. I cannot find my place in life anymore. I'm struggling to live with myself. Can anyone offer me some advice?
