I give upI can’t do this anymore it is too hard I can’t even go to school and pretend to be happy anymore it is just to trying. I can barley even see my friends without wanting it too end. I don’t feel like I can really trust these people I feel like these people aren’t real friends. I a.ways just try to be more like the other girls at my school, I just can’t do it anymore, whenever I try to be more like the girls at school I just can’t do it correctly. I don’t know what is wrong with me I know that I always say this but I feel like I just can’t do this I can’t stay in this world any more i just wasn’t born to be in this world. I am like a body with no soul I just try to survive every day I don’t want anyone to realise what is going on. So every day I see somebody I just smile and wave. I just want to end I wish it could just end everything is black and white I don’t even know who I am anymore I mean am I even living. I should just die. There is no point in me even being here. I can barley even make my own parents proud of me I am useless I can’t do anything correctly, I feel like my parents only care about my sister and I know this is a lie but u joust don’t feel like I can make them proud of anything I do. When my older sister is able to draw things and paint all I can do is sit in my room doing nothing, my parents barley even know what I do in my room and I don’t think they would even. Every time I try to do work at school and we have a huge piece of text to read I just can’t read, I mean I can see it perfectly I just can’t get my brain to comprehend it. I don’t have any problems with reading I mean I can read but I just only choose to read stuff like comics because I can’t get my self to read proper books. When I have a test and I have to read these paragraphs and then I have to read the question I just can’t do it and this is the first time I have ever felt so useless in my life I just couldn’t understand and I couldn’t stop myself from crying. I just don’t know what to do? I need help but I don’t want to ask anyone because I feel like they would judge me or wouldn’t understand and then end up telling people like my parents of or people at my school. I just want to die.