Just a bit lost, I hope.What a strange feeling, to say any of this openly. 

I've read writing helps, I hope it does.

\-----------

I'm actually not even sure when it started. At least a year or two now.

I remember reading somewhere that almost everyone will briefly think about suicide, in passing. So I didn't think much of it. But, it stopped being "in passing" long ago. I think about it a lot. Multiple times a day.

I remember reading somewhere, maybe the same place, that simply thinking of suicide, in passing, isn't a big deal. But if you start to plan, you should reach out and find support. I haven't planned anything yet, which is part of the reason I haven't reached out. I almost feel guilty, posting in a place like this, when I haven't made a specific plan which means I haven't hit the "seek help" stage yet. But, somethings wrong with me. I can feel it.

\-----------

What I don't understand is why, despite a decent job and a decent support structure, that I still feel like this. I don't have an excuse. I see all this suffering in the world, people in situations so much worse than mine, and they fight. They keep going. People in this sub, fighting tooth and nail against all odds. And here I am... A roof over my head, a best friend, a goddaughter, a decent job... It makes me feel pathetic, thinking about suicide when I've been dealt a decent hand in life. Why, why do I want to leave forever? Why can't I stop thinking about it? Why do I want to die?

\-----------

I think one of the bigger contributors is loneliness, with some jealousy mixed in.

I don't know how to explain it really. I don't want to dump my life story on you. I've had one best friend since I was 14. We're turning 26 this year. His wife has been a friend of mine since I was 16. They have a beautiful life together, with an amazing 2 year old daughter. They gave me the honor of being her godfather. I think it might be one of the few reasons I'm still here, honestly. I want the world for her.

Seeing them, together, happy, a world to explore together with their child... It puts me in such a crippling depression realizing that I'm not going to have a lot of that. Most of that. All of that? I'm the perpetual third wheel. I often wonder when they finally will be "too busy" to hang out. What will I do then?

When we were 16, me and my friend often talked about the future. We'd go camping together with our girlfriends. Our kids could grow up together, go to the same school. We'd go on road trips. Too late for most of that now... For ever...

I'm jealous of the life they have together. And knowing that I'm jealous of them, instead of happy for them? What a betrayal. How can i call myself their best friend? How can I let their daughter call me Uncle when I sit in sadness and jealousy at the life they have? The life I can't?

\-----------

I feel like that is just a sliver of my loneliness. I haven't been in any sort of relationship for the better part of a decade now. I know this isn't /relationshipadvice, but... It's a big part of how I feel, I think. Maybe if I just had someone close, someone to share the bad with? Someone to share the good with? Someone, at all?

I've been thinking about talking to my friend &amp; wife about how I've been feeling. But, every time I do... I think about the burden I would be putting on their already-full lives. They have a daughter to care for. They're going through a possible breast cancer scenario, just beginning testing. They already have full hands.. They have a life that doesn't deserve to be soiled by how pathetic I am.

How would I even explain it to them? "Hey, X, by all means I should be happy. But, I think I might kill myself.".

\-----------

There's a lot more pent up inside me. But.... I am having trouble putting it into words. Life has been de-saturated and all I'm left with is grey. My thoughts are a mess. Shadows. The only clear thought I keep having is that everything would be so much easier if I were just gone.

\-----------

I don't even know what I'm writing any more.

I'm alone.

I'm scared.

I'm going to keep fighting, but I needed to say something. 

I think I need real help.

I love you all.