I'm not sure if I am able to reach out for help.I have a few various resources that I can take opportunity with to seek help.. such as my counsellor at a program (for women who have gone through trauma) I am attending.. my general doctor who's known me since I was four years old.. possibly my eating disorder psychiatrist as well.. but I honestly am beating myself up and telling myself to run away from them all and die.

I tell myself I am not worthy enough to be attending the program I am for women who have gone through trauma, because I never suffered the type of abuse that is physical except for a couple incidents when I was a kid. So I tell myself I am a fraud, none of the psychological abuse I went through meant anything. 

I tell myself I am not worthy enough to be seeing a doctor at an eating disorder clinic, because I do not fit into the text book case of anorexia or bulimia. My eating disorderness does not carry any clarity, and I have no clear grasp on it. I tell myself I am just seeking attention, and it does not matter that I suffer from not eating generally at all. 

I tell myself I am not worthy enough to be seeing my general doctor to seek out help with medication, because even though I was diagnosed bipolar eight years ago that diagnosis was retracted sometimes soon after and was most likely wrong. So I most likely have no mental illness other than random cases of depression and once major anxiety. So in result, I am not worthy to be asking for medication and asking for help to figure out what is wrong with me. I am also not worthy to go see her and ask for a updated evaluation because I've had so many in my life and none of them resulted in anything clear. I am just seeking attention, I must be. I am a fraud, somehow. 

I feel I deserve no help. I feel I shouldn't trust anyone. I am just a confusing, unclear person that it's pointless to waste time on me. 

Just recently I moved into a new house and am renting out a room. I am living with my mother, and I feel I have literally walked into a nightmare. I was living with her before, but back than I was renting out a basement suite so I was not really near her. Now, whenever we come in orbit of another I am consistently triggered and feel like my brain is overloading and melting and like I just wanted to hit myself and cry. I won't bother explaining how she is a trigger to me, because I've tried too explain it to some people and they always take her side and say I need to grow up. 

The thought of suicide has become such a consistent thing for me. I feel like my world is shutting in on me and I'm backed into a corner in a dark room and no one can be trusted because no one understands me. 

I can't tell if I am severely depressed or not. All I know is I'm constantly panicking about feeling my world is shutting in on me. I'm constantly thinking about suicide and not just doing it but so much more than that. I'm constantly thinking about what kind of effects it would have on people who know me, what I would potentially miss out on, what it would really mean for me, if it's really worth it.

The scary part is, is that even though I have not gone and committed suicide sometimes I honestly feel like I have. I feel so immensely far from everything that sometimes I realize I feel dead.

I don't know what to do with myself.

I am such a disappointment. My family (ie mother, brother and his girlfriend) is such a trigger. I honestly would be so much happier if I never had to come across them again. I would be beyond relieved, because I honestly never have felt part of the family I was born into and since my brother's girlfriend came into the picture I have gone through so much critical judgement from her.

I don't know if I have it in me to keep living in this world. I just want to go to sleep and never wake up. Sometimes I even think about going back on drugs even though I've been drug free for three years. I just want to escape from everything. Sometimes I think about admitting myself into a hospital because the anger I feel makes me feel like tarring everyone in my path apart. I'm not worth any of it. I just want to end this life.