I don't want to keep living but, don't want my friends to be sad. I don't know what else to do.I don't really feel real anymore. I just feel like a ghost nowadays, aimlessly floating around till I can finally rest. Honestly, I don't even really exist anymore.

All I do is spend my time reading, watching shows, playing video games, and drawing. I don't even do them with other people, it's always just me. Anything that will stop me from thinking, feeling or just being myself. They're the only things that give me a purpose. I get to project into the mc when I read and/or watch a show, I'm thinking about someone else when I draw, and most of the characters like me when I play games. Whenever I stop doing them I get upset and can't do much for a while. I don't think it's too unhealthy yet (the most hours I spend on something is 1-7 hours a day) but, there's really nothing for me outside of them. Funny thing is, I can't even tell you if I genuinely enough them. I just do them to survive. I'd die if I lost even one of these hobbies.

My only two friends are constantly busy too. I don't blame them and me feeling this way is definitely not their fault, it just kind of sucks. They told me themselves that they do like talking to me, it's just not too often. Plus they're always doing something else when they talk to me so it's not really for long.

I could drone on and on about school, my past, my family etc. etc. but you'd still get the same point I'm trying to make. I just don't feel like there's much reason to stick around. I swear I'm trying my best but it's never good enough for anyone. I think I just make them more disappointed in me anyways.

Not to mention that I keep getting this one scene in my mind that gets more vivid every day. I see myself bleeding out in my neighborhood, with a handful of knives jabbed into my stomach by myself. I'm all alone at I think in 1am or 2am, in a big puddle of blood, with a smile on my face. Each day I'm more tempted to do exactly that.

Now, it's not any easy thought I have, it's even less easier to do because I can't help shake this image of, my two friends getting really upset when they hear I died, out of my head. One of them is so vivid and feels so real when I see her cry that I almost or even do start crying with her.

I just don't know anymore. I hate living and my life really is meaningless. All I'm doing is just stealing a better person's place, when I know me dying by suicide is inevitable. I just don't want to hurt them. I don't have the resources to go away for a while so before I do it so, living is the only thing I can do to protect them.

I don't think tonight is night I do it but, I just can't keep on living. Especially when I know that most of the people around are probably hoping to hear that I died. I just care more about my two friends being upset more then them.

I really just don't know.