Can someone anywhere answer my question so that I can get betterWhat’s up my dudes this is my first time posting on reddit so here we go. Sorry for format I’m chilling in my shower with my phone. 

Also if it helps you I’m a baby adult (18) and female diagnosed with recurrent major depressive disorder and actually this is my first day going back on my old meds ( with doctor approval!) which probably doesn’t help how I’m feeling but I’m going to talk even if I’m talking to the void


Ok so I want to die. Like a ton. And my question is why shouldn’t I? I know all the reasons and I can sorta combat them. Reasons are R and my answers are MA 

R: The future ( like your kids and spouse and people you need to help) needs you 

MA: the future is gonna happen whether I’m here or not is not going to change that ( unless we’re talking about the theory that this is all made up in our heads- then yeah it’s done) . If I die my future kids won’t exist, my future spouse can get with someone else and there’s so many people that can help the people I’m supposed to or whatever. 

R: the things that need you ( my dog ) will suffer

MA: my family loves my dog so they’ll take care of him and yeah while he’ll be sad - he’s going to forget sooner or later.

This is where I hesitate but I mostly don’t care

R: committing suicide would hurt the people you love and is pretty selfish or whatever (idk how reddit stands on that debate) 

MA: yeah my family would be devastated and it would increase the likelihood of mental illness being developed among them and increase the likelihood of them committing suicide. But my family has always been really good at facing hard stuff- maybe not to this level but I think they would accept it and be able to continue on after a while. 


R: my most favorite person in the world would be devastated. My cousin is so important to me and she’s been through hell and back and a part of me knows this will hurt her so much and that I don’t want to hurt her like this. 

MA: but a bigger part of me thinks selfishly that if she could survive all that she has - she could survive my death. 


So yeah someone please tell me more reasons that have helped you or whatever because I’m tired. Just so so tired. Like that and I have this bad thinking error that the world sucks and even if it isn’t sucking it will eventually and I’ll have to feel this agony all over. 

(If anyone that has never been suicidal / mentally ill before is reading this -imagine what Sisyphus feels like and then increase that until you don’t think you can breathe. ) 

Also it would be super cool if anyone like me talks like at all to me. And by that I mean that my mind never ever shuts up. About everything. And so it’s super hard to do anything that therapists have told me in the past because my brain is jumping all over the place about bad stuff 

Anyway that was a lot and yeah if I do die tonight please know that I tried my best also that I love my cousin so fucking much





Also I know it’s bad but maybe just so that I can feel something different I might eat something really sugary??