Not going to live to 30I've known for many years now that I'm not going to live to see 30. Now, I'm 26 and the past month has only solidified that fact. It's been 30 days since I was fired from my job, and a week after that my car was broken into, they stole a $600 subwoofer and broke the ignition, and insurance won't cover any of it. I'm waiting weeks and weeks for unemployment to be approved, and that's not even a sure thing because if they determine I was fired for "misconduct", they will deny my claim altogether. I was fired because I missed about a week and a half of work because of insomnia that came out of nowhere. I was getting about 3-4 hours of sleep a day, after about 4-5 hours trying to fall asleep. After multiple trips to the doctor, they put me on trazodone and it helped, so I called work, told them I thought I was going to be able to make it into work again, and they told me they don't want me back. So unless I find a job in the next month or so, I'm going to lose my car. Can't afford to pay rent AND car payments AND insurance on the pathetic unemployment they've determined I'm eligible, if I even get anything. If I don't, it's a matter of time before my roommates kick me out anyways. I have nowhere to go if that happens, I'll be on the street. Between my emotionally abusive mother treating me like shit since I was a child, bullying in school, shitty jobs, losing the only woman I ever loved to suicide, and finally this combo of shit the past month, I've never really felt like I wanted to continue living. In the past it's always been just hoping that a truck hits and kills me or something accidental so I didn't cause so much grief to my family for ending my own life, but I just don't care anymore. Tired of my family and friends basically throwing money at me to get me by even though I've told them it makes me feel like a worthless piece of shit. Tired of expecting things to get worse and being proven right time and time again despite my effort to get help. Tired of psychiatrist after psychiatrist prescribing pill after pill that does nothing but give me horrible withdrawals when I'm coming off. I've spent hours researching the way I want to go, and I've found it. I found a way that gives me all the time i need to make my final calls to friends and family without anybody being able to physically interfere with my plans, and it won't leave me in pain in the hospital, it's a sure death. This is not impulse, or irrational, or depression clouding my judgement. This is deciding that my life has been shit, and there's no reason to believe it will get any better, and I am making the decision to end the pain. I've decided that if my unemployment claim gets denied, it's time to go. I'm not going to go through being homeless, not having the food, water and shelter that I need to survive.

I debated posting this here at all, and there's been several days before this where I decided not to, but I guess I'm posting here for the same reason I'm starting my psychiatric counseling again next week. I want my family and friends to know that I've tried everything within my power to improve my life before I make the decision to end it. Hopefully that will give them some peace of mind once I'm gone. So, if you've got anything I haven't already heard, feel free to post it.