At The End of My RopeI am 17 years old. Graduated high school a year early, now work a part time job with no aspirations of going back to school. I have struggled with my sexuality and gender but am overall comfortable with it, it doesn’t source any distress. Been diagnosed with everything under the sun, but my most current diagnosis is chronic depression, BPD, and ADHD. The past two weeks, I’ve spent every day fixated on suicide. I’ve never felt this suicidal in my life. Quarantine hasn’t left me in the greatest mental space, but getting out of school and being able to hang out with friends more has made things easier.
A month ago, I broke up with my boyfriend of six months because my mental health was so bad that it was detrimental to our relationship. The past two days, we hung out with friends and one on one. Today was just a bad depression day, and I couldn’t get out of bed. Even for him. He said the day was ruined and took me home. Then when I didn’t wanna talk in the car, he said I was acting mean. The chance of being able to function in a relationship with him again was really the last thing keeping me from ending it all. Now I have fucked it up by being depressed.
I’m getting my license and moving out from my shitty home situation next month, but it doesn’t feel worth it. Nothing feels worth sticking around. The pain has been never ending, constant, for months now. With the suicidal thoughts added in, I think I might actually do it. I don’t see anything or anyone that I value more than just ending the pain right now. 
I know its selfish, but I just want to feel peace for once in my life. I don’t think it will get better in my life. Depression and addiction are genetic in my family and multiple family members have passed from addiction or are severely dependent on medication and depressed now. I don’t really know what to do. I have multiple plans. Multiple scenarios. Multiple notes and instructions for post death. Just wanting to talk to people like me before I do it.