I just don't want to hurt my familyThey're the only one (with the exception of the 2 real friends I've managed to amass for myself over the course of my life, that's right, 2 whole friends) who care about me. 

My mom has always been a very kind, gentle, and understanding person. Perhaps, at one point, too much so. She contribued greatly to my sheltered upbringing. I used to hold a grudge agaisnt her for this reason, but I've moved past it. She did her best.

I didn't have a fantastic relationship with my dad when I was a child. It's only been maybe 2 or 3 years since I've started properly doing things with him. He's a woodworker, and once I got into making instruments, we finally had a real common interest. It grew from there. 

I also have a sister who's 17 year older than me, a brother-in-law who's known me since I was 4 and who's "helped" me considerably. "Helped" is in quotes because despite his good efforts, I feel beyond help. But he got me into lifting, and that made me happy for a while. He's also generally a pretty cool guy.

Finally I have 2 nephews, both 12 year old. They're more like little brothers to me honestly. 

I just don't want to disappoint my family. Not more than I already did by failing to function in society at such an early age. But fuck, do I want out of this ride. I try to get better. Last time I posted here, someone linked me to [this very good comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/getdisciplined/comments/1q96b5/i_just_dont_care_about_myself/cdah4af/). I've been following this advice. I also eat better, exercise to the best of my ability, study for my country's equivalent of a GED, make more efforts to go out. I still feel like shit. I still feel like progress is extremely fragile.

I still want out.

Living just for my family feels like living a bubble. As much as I genuinely enjoy being around them, I do fucking nothing. I leech. I'll help my dad or my brother-in-law here and there with their work if they ask me or if I feel like I can help. Besides that, completely useless. Barely a member of society. Yet they keep me around and are always very upbeat and positive about my future and "progress". Maybe too much so.

But I know that bubble will burst one day. I know I'm mentally ill. My family (besides my mom) turns a blind eye to that very obvious fact. I'm obsessed with the thought that I'm gonna develop schizophrenia or some other form of psychosis. Might just be OCD, anxiety, or whatever. Or I could be right. But even if I don't yet know the proper name for my torment, I know I'm fucked to my very core. 

I can't even fucking imagine functioning as an adult with my disaster of a mind. No one would want me. Making friends would be hard, relationships would be impossible. Shit, I can probably count the number of times I've had basic physical contact with a girl on two hands. I'm terribly afraid of people.

I'm gonna keep trying though. But I know that I'm very likely not gonna make it. I can't rewire my brain with a good diet and exercise. One day even my loving family will get tired of my shit. That day, maybe I'll be able to go without causing them too much pain. 

Thanks for reading if you did.