freewriting   This is a letter I am writing before I kill myself.  At the moment it seems very self-indulgent and pitiful.    I can't excuse the idea of it being simply a cry for help either.  maybe this is only a form of release.  To get it off my chest onto something substantial.  Am I only feeling sorry for myself.  I wonder.  The internet is down at home.  And not that I can't find somewhere valuable to spend my time, but just now I realized how much is wasted on connecting to the outside world, the oftentimes intangible presence of everyone that I try to get a taste of by browsing the web.  Hold on, I've got to put my empty bowl in the sink.  Finished.  I think I should spend more time with my cat.  Or let him outside at least.  He gets more frustrated by the day it seems.  Whining this melancholic meow as if saying “someone help me escape this wretched life . . . or at least play with me”.  Is that me speaking through my cat?  I wonder.  



   Last night while watching a movie I thought I heard my father screaming my name outside.  No joke.  It was very low and subtle as if from a far off distance but I could still hear his signature accent spilling through. “AaaaDoe-N”  or something like that.  Anyway I was completely terrified for one split series of moments.  I thought “what if he's died on his flight to Florida. . . and I didn't even want to hang out with Him and Josh at the bar to say goodbye.”  Yes, Guilt.  But still, I know very well that he had already arrived in Florida days before.  Even then, I don't believe in any of that superstition that people are in any way connected.  Do I want to believe? My dad seems to think it's possible.  



   I remember once when we were living at John's and Kathy got into a fight with Steve.  Dad called right as shit went down and asked what the problem was (at least that's how my dad and sister remember it anyway).  He was convinced that he had known something was wrong and that was his reason for calling.  Is there something superhuman about that?  I don't know.  I hate to question my dad's own mind and willpower, but how does he know he wasn't calling just to see how we were doing.  Hell he might have even been picking us up that weekend (if it was his weekend).  But I digress, Why had I felt guilty at the thought of my fathers death?  



   I stop writing at this point to consider writing down I am gay.  But if that is the case then why should there be any guilt towards the fact.  I remember a story my dad once told me about how him and my uncle John used to go to Toledo bars and look for gay guys.  He said they would act all gay (or was it friendly?  I don't recall) to get them in a cab or away from eyes and then beat the shit out of them.  Fear?  He divulged this information to me and my brother and we all laughed.  



   There has always been this sense of pity emanating from everyone I meet.  Maybe just the hellish depths of self-pity?  I wonder.  I can't shake the feeling that everyone is walking on eggshells when around me as if they are waiting for something to happen.  Like they are awaiting the apocalypse.  Is my shame evident on my face?  Do I wear my being on my shoulder?  Are my thoughts obvious to everyone around me even as I try as willfully as possible to maintain a peaceful solitude?  Why am I writing this down?  Oh yeah, to put it on something substantial.  Maybe I don't want solitude.  But then why am I pushing everyone away?  Why do I feel that happiness comes from understanding oneself not everyone else?  Even then, I can't stop trying to read every bodies mind, no doubt injecting my own thoughts into their heads before I read them.  



Is suicide so despicable?  Why should I stay alive for everyone else?  I think that is a selfish statement.  Just as selfish when people  expect me to keep on living for THEIR well-being.  The balls man!  I don't deny that the act of suicide has a disastrous effect on people's psyche.  It seems that they can not comprehend the “insanity”.  But feeling this low (self-pity or sickness?) is just as insane.  Why is death so excruciating for everyone but the person that finally departs?  They carry his pain on long after he is dead.  But that's not something he asked for.  Is it something he has the right to take away? No.  It's natural to be sad I guess.  It is the pity that evokes it I think.  Pity that there are no more good times ahead.  That solitude is just around the bend for everyone eventually.