Teaching is killing me and my suicidal ideation is getting worseI’m a teacher right now during Covid. My school has elected to stay open instead of going remote, even with over 150 cases in our building. The demands of teaching both in person, remotely, and to kids who are quarantined, all at the same time, while also trying to keep up with the dozens of other tasks I have to manage daily has me working 65 hour weeks. I’m stressed and deeply unhappy but can’t afford to quit my job and there aren’t many better prospects. I don’t even know if this profession is sustainable; I feel like I’m losing my soul teaching.

The more that time has gone on, the more suicidal ideations I’ve been having. I think about how my life is so worthless — I am forced to be in close contact with so many kids every day and my admins don’t care. They are gambling with my life, all while asking us to put in so much unpaid overtime that I don’t even have time that take care of my basic necessities. It’s traumatizing. I wrote a pseudo-suicide note the other day. I don’t even think I was going to do anything, but I was just in so much pain that I wished I could pop out of existence.

I’ve been depressed my whole life on and off. Bad home life, abused, bullied, yada yada, the old sob story. I’ve always had suicidal ideations, but lately they have been bad. Every time I stop to think about my life: how I feel so stuck, how quarantine has affected my friendships, about how much of a burden I am to my supportive husband, how I don’t even have time to enjoy my life (I used to be so passionate about music, art, reading, etc. and now I’m barely surviving. No time for myself.)... I just want to stop existing. It’s hard to believe, and realistically I have nothing to make me think, that life will ever be better than this.  One time I described it like floating in the ocean, and all you have ever known is the water and the storms that come and go, and people keep telling you that eventually you will find the shore! But you’ve never seen it. You have no reason to believe the shore even exists.

I don’t even know why I’m venting here, other than the fact that I feel very alone, anxious, and dehumanized, and that typing it out makes it a little more bearable for a moment. I wish I wasn’t such a broken person. It’s shameful how unstable I am.