I decided to stay.Hi. I posted here before on a burner account. I didn't get a response but that's ok. I felt I should update regardless, and that maybe someone could glean something of use from it.

I'm a college aged girl. I have no parental support. I've been in a constant up and down spiral for a few years now. The meds don't really help the thoughts but it helps the intensity of emotion that comes with them.

Around finals I finally told someone I needed help in the form of having the strength for the first time ever to call and get my SSRI reupped.

I don't have a therapist that can give me the tools I need, but my current one is nice and I can vent to her at least. I had to drop my psychiatrist after she got so overwhelmed with patients (understaffed) that she told me that she just can't help me and what I have. That there's nothing. That I need a specialist that I can't afford.

It hurt at first. I felt failed by every professional I had seen. But it grew somehow into what rejection always does for me- not a challenge, but a will to go on in spite. A will to prove her wrong. I know there's something out there that can help me and that one day I can help too.

A lot happened. I fell out with my only familial support (abusive grandma). I relapsed after nearly 4 years of being self harm free. I haven't had hair in a year that wasn't a wig. I discovered my hair-pulling habits of childhood was resurfacing with a vengeance as was my ED. 

I toughed it through the summer, I am in a good environment- in face of homelessness, my boyfriend's parents showed me extreme kindness I've never seen and continue to by letting me stay in their house over the summer. They refuse to take any cash from me.

But I'll be living in my own (rented) house with my boyfriend, finally free to work and go to college, all without my parent's help. I worked hard to get scholarships to float me through school. I have food and water and air conditioning. I still want to disappear, but for now I've decided that I just need to live.

I've learned to be more gentle with myself. I've learned to acknowledge what I am feeling and when and why and what I can do to slow or reduce it, be it anxiety or existential dread and an aching, endless mental fatigue. It still sucks balls. I still wish my brain didn't seem so emotionally fragile. But I have taught myself some tools to cope. I've decided to stay and not just give up because I know that in the end it'll work out and be fine somehow. The worst part is just getting through the bad or difficult stuff, and there will always be difficult stuff. But I know there's always good stuff waiting too. I still want to die, but I have more reason to stay.

I'm pursuing a degree in psychology, hoping to specialize in mental health patients or train medical/working dogs. I want to be the help that I could never get.

