Life is kicking my assI'll try to summarize where my life is at right now. In about 3 months time, I've fucked everything up and I'm at a place right now where for the first time in my life, I can't find anything to keep me afloat. 

First of all, I'm 29. In May this year, I lost my job, and I didn't find a new job immediately. I had some trips and festivals planned this summer, and since I got fired I had some security with an unemployment income. 

In June, I moved into a new apartment with a new roommate. This had been planned for a while. It cost me some money of course, and the apartment was a bit more expensive than the previous one. 

Over the summer, a long string of bad decisions lead to serious financial trouble. I started abusing my credit card, spending money I didn't have. Right now, my balance is at -3500 EU, and my bank called me up to announce that I have to clear this debt by September 15th. 

I cancelled an upcoming vacation, and furiously started looking for a job. It's been harder than I expected, and right now I don't have the time to get that money, so my breathing space is decreasing one day at a time. I've been trying to keep it together and build things up again constructively, but I've been suffering. 

I'd been investing a lot of time in this girl I met, and there was a real prospect of a relationship. Once I didn't decide to go on the vacation, she kind of kicked me when I was down and made things worse by throwing all kinds of insults and blames at me. Obviously, this is not the kind of person I need in my life so I broke this off instantly. 

Yesterday, my roommate announced after only 3 months that he doesn't want to live with me anymore because of this insecurity, which I don't blame him for. 

For the last month now I've been trying to stay positive. I stopped using drugs, stopped smoking, stopped smoking weed, recovered my rhythm, started working out again, dealt with all the shit that had been piling up for months, and I've been looking for a job intensively. 

Today though, I couldn't keep it together anymore. I'm usually a pretty positive person, and I've always enjoyed some uncertainty in my life as I was always able to see new opportunities in everything. 

For the first time now, I don't have any security and I can't seem to find anything that gives me the energy to continue. I know all of this has been my own fault, as I've been running away from my problems way too long. A lot of people whom I considered friends (the girl and the roommate to start with, but all the other friends I planned on going on the vacation with too) have been dropping me like I have some infectious disease. 

There is not a single aspect of my life that isn't shitty right now. My financial situation is dramatic, I'm out of options and time is running out. I don't know where I'm gonna live in a few months, or how I'm even gonna pay for it. The prospect of a relationship has all of a sudden disappeared, a lot of my "friends" are gone, the job hunt is giving me one disappointment after the other... And right now I just can't see a way out. 

My life is in the gutter, and any prospect I had is now gone. For a few weeks now, I've been fighting thoughts of suicide. But every time I worry about my situation, I end up with only one possible solution. Every time I come to that solution, it's becoming harder and harder to fight that thought. 

Today I broke down completely and just started crying my heart out, I even started writing a goodbye letter... It's not the first time I've had thoughts about suicide, the circumstances in my life right now have made those thoughts stronger than ever. My biggest problem is that I could never stand the pressure of the expectations that were put on me. I kind of 'ran away' from home years ago to get away from the pressure, but I've realized that my entire life has been an illusion. My true self has been completely overshadowed by this image of myself I projected onto the world, through which I pretended to be able to fulfill those expectations.

As a result, I've always struggled with a heavy identity crisis. I'm sick and tired of pretending to be someone I'm not, but the problem is that I don't know who I really am. I've been looking deep inside, only to find emptiness... I feel like my true self has died years ago, and I'm a ghost that's merely physically present in this body. 

I could always cope somewhat with this issue by looking for external distractions, by escaping reality. Through the circumstances of my life at the moment, reality has come crashing in, and I no longer have the energy to pretend. I'm down to my most humble self. 

I've lost all my will to fight, I'm down on my knees. I just need a fucking break already, but the bad news just keeps piling up. My back is against the wall, and I'm not sure how I'm gonna get out of this. 

I have a few true friends left who I can talk to about this, but I doubt they realize how bad I'm doing... I guess I just needed some place to vent and be honest about how bad my situation is right now.