Im confused and sad.To start this I want to apollagise for my bad English, I am from small country in EU.
I am 14 years old, but i feel really strange since i was 5-6 about my life. I feel strange sometimes when i touch things, when I am with my friends, parents and even my girlfriend. I don't really know what is the reason about this strange feeling, I guess everyone else are feeling this like me. It is like I am  selected by someone like God. 
I was suicical 2-3 months ago, because I am really paranoid and I am always worry about the moment when she will leave me or she doesn't cares about me. Today it is the same thing, but now i think she wants to leave me because of this strange feeling i have or the paranoia. I feel like she doesn't supports me and she doesn't wants to be with me anymore because i have this strange feeling and my paranoia and other things. We are together for 6 months btw. although my age i really have interest to photography, reading things, getting knowing new things about science (for example) and it is the same for my girlfriend. Our relationship is actually a distance relationship and she is 16 years old but we are meeting very often, for 5-7 days, but when I go to my hometown or she goes to her hometown we are very sad in the first days. I really like to draw her, to give her love, to do cute things to her. 
Today, we are arguing about that she doesn't gives me attention and she ignores me. But there was something that really kills me inside. There is always something in me that says "You deserve to die." "die, die, die" and when i make mistakes this thing says that I will be nothing for my parents, I am dissapointment to everyone and others things like that. I don't think it is schizophrenia. But it gives me suicical thoughts. Please help me. I don't wanna die or lose anybody. But I think I am dissapointment for my parents, for her. I think everything hates me. I don't know if this is the correct place to say this, but please help me. I am going crazy and maybe I will kill myself because of these thoughts. I don't wanna die. 