I dont know any other way outalt because i dont want people that might know me to clock this and try and prevent it.

&amp;#x200B;

 

I think I went through every single option in my life to make it right and each backfired spectacularly. I have zero friends, all lost to retarded things. My ex girlfriend is going around telling people that I am abusive. I have been toying with the thought of suicide again for a few weeks now, and what pushed me over the edge was finding an easy and painless method. GBL, a compound used in big chemistry, is abused by some as a sedative party drug. It is extremely easy to overdose and come by. I have decided that some time in the future I will take my life using this method. I feel so alone and broken. My parents think of me as a parasite. They both abused me until I got large enough to defend myself. (I never hit back, I just blocked it once i could) My girlfriend and her friends (that are actually my former friends I introduced my girlfriend to) tried to gaslight me into thinking that I am a narcissist. I have in the past tried to break up with her, and once it ended in her threatening suicide to me. to get back to the point, she isn't really the reason. My life overall as pretty fucked. I did awfully at school due to my diagnosed clinical depression. I was racially discriminated against in 5-7th grade. The only person I would ever truly call friend had latent schizophrenia and triggered it by getting addicted to weed. I had no people other than him, and that was very long ago. Now I sit alone. Yes, really, there is not anyone. And I think it really will just be easier to drink a cocktail of alcohol and gbl than get my life in check. i am 19 and a NEET. i have tried to work but i couldn't bring my lazy useless ass to stay there for more than a day. I feel abandoned by the system that tells you that it cares about you but really doesn’t. The only love I have ever received was from this girl and my sister, in a fraternal sense of course. I feel like my sister has moved on past me aswell though. i really just feel cold and alone. my anti depressants help with my mood most often and make me feel like a productive meth junkie but they dont fix the underlying issues which I think cant be fixed. i dont know what else to write. this will probably be the only thing resembling a suicide note, so there is that. i am sorry but i just want this to end and wanted to get this off my chest. i planned to get a part time job to pay off some of the debt i owe to some people. it is nothing major and not the reason i dont want to live anymore. it is just something I feel responsible about. 

&amp;#x200B;

tl;dr useless neet with rape and abuse accusations on his neck and overall shit life syndrome