I don't know what to do...if you read this thank youTEXT BLOCK: If you read it, thank you. I'm positing this on both r/suicide watch and r/depression. I had to make a new account because of friends knowing my old one and I don't want them to know how I feel. 

I've been depressed for about four months, let me restate that, I've been heavily depressed for four months, I've been depressed for about three to four years dealing with family issues but hey who isn't. Anyway, I started talking to this girl I used to talk to again four months ago and she was in a relationship with someone else. I'm in love with her and always have been, I got very depressed because I couldn't be with her and it killed me to see her with someone else. After telling her how I felt about a month later she left him for me and I was as happy as ever. I finally got the girl of my dreams, the one I've always wanted. 
We've been going out a little over a month and the past week or so my depression has really kicked in again, I can't talk to her about it because she's been through it in her life and she cries whenever I bring it up because she is scared and doesn't want me to be depressed in any way. I don't want to worry her. Although, I think she should be. I don't feel like myself and recently my suicidal thoughts have sort of kicked in again. I don't like feeling this way. I just want to end it but I can't because 1) I'm scared of what comes after and 2) I can't ever imagine myself making her unhappy because I know for a fact she'll follow suit with killing herself if I do. I know you people might be saying "it's only been a month", but it's only been a month we've been dating we've known each other for a while. Just take my word I know she will, she's told me she would last time I mentioned it to her. 

Another factor of my depression kicking in is that we've tried to have sex three times, three times. I couldn't get an erection, it was like a half ass erection, flopping around all over the place wouldn't even go in. I tried to play it off as if it happened once or twice, but now I know it's a problem. I read that it could be a side effect of depression which doesn't really help me because I'm depressed because it won't work and for it to work I have to not be depressed, vicious cycle. 

I want to go to a physciatrist and talk to someone but the last time I asked my father to go to one he started acting all weird and saying don't do this to me, he just got out of a divorce with my mom, another reason that led to my depression a few months ago. 

I'm sorry to burden you all with this. I'm just, I don't know how to describe it. I'm scared of what could happen but St the same time I'm not. I just want to be happy. I'm sure someone understands. I just wish I had answers. Wish my problems were fixed. I just wish I had someone I could talk to besides my girlfriend because as I said, I don't like bringing up the subject. 