Most everyone here is asking for reasons to live. Here are mine, please add yours I posted on here a few nights ago about my suicidal thoughts. The positive responses from everyone surprised me and I am so thankful for all of them. Since then I've been on this sub every day talking to people that are in the same boat I am, trying to get them to continue on. If I can't save myself, maybe I can save others. That is one reason to live. Below is a list of other reasons, and please post more! If you need reasons to live, pick one or a few of these and focus on it. Don't give up!

1. Live for yourself. Live for no other reason than to see who you become. It doesn't matter what you do, who you know, what your hobbies are. Live so that you can feel how satisfying a full breath of air feels in your lungs. Live for the curiosity of what tomorrow may bring. Live for the now. 

2. Live for knowledge. Intelligence is a value that, unlike most, benefits yourself more than anyone else. Sure, it will get you places in this world, but it will, more importantly, allow you to change your perceptions as you learn about other cultures, science, history, art, or whatever interests you. 

3. Live because as I, a person who helplessly posted in here the other night, write this I'm forcing myself to think up reasons to live. You all made a person that wanted to die think of reasons to continue. You make larger impacts on this planet than you currently believe. 

4. Live to afford yourself the opportunity to move on from past injuries. Work on yourself. Change the mind sets you know are destructive. Focus your energy on healing yourself so you can be accepting of the person that you are. 

5. Live to see the simplicities of life that others never notice. Lay down in the grass (although its winter and cold) and observe the tiny insects within the blades. What are they doing? How do they interact? Do they think or communicate? Feel the wind brush along your face. Notice the pigments of color in nature and how the trees rhythmically sway on a windy day. Look up at the stars and imagine the possibilities that are out there. 

6. Live for the strength you will have once you overcome this, because I know you will. Having worked up from the depths of depression to the highs of appreciating life will make you so much stronger and wiser. You will look back and thank yourself for continuing on. 

7. Live for the fact that humans are the product of billions of years of evolution. We are so perfectly adapted to our environments and we are wired to survive. Survival is instinct. 

8. Death is permanent, life is not. Appreciate it while you can. 

Get rid of the bad in your life and allow the good to flow toward you. It will come, I promise. Live because you want to. You came here for help and i think that means you want to find reasons to stay. Live to find those reasons, whatever they may be. 