I never asked for thisEveryone thinks I’m so lucky, but I’m so bored with life. I’ve tried plenty of things and nothing interests me. I don’t want responsibility, I just want to stop existing. 

I grew up in a poor family of immigrants, my dad worked 24/7 it seems like just to support my older half brother, my sister, my mother, and myself. My mom would beat my brother for the slightest mistakes, and I shared a room with him. My sister was fucking clueless, always thought there was a reason for my mom beating my brother. My sister was fucking clueless and always thought my brother deserved what he got, but he didn’t. She’d also ask for the world from my dad, and my dad being the overly nice guy he is would do his damnedest to provide it even thought we were 200k in debt by the time we got into high school. She still wanted her private piano lessons and a car and to be on the chearleading team and to go to competitions. My brother became a meth and heroin addict.  I wasn’t allowed to hang out with friends or join any teams because it was too dangerous and god forbid I do drugs and end up like my brother. 

I joined the army and was booted out after two years by a racist platoon Sgt with nothing better to do with his time.  But after the army two of my dads uncles died and left him &gt;20mil.  I tried the college thing, got a useless psychology bachelors because nothing interests me and I thought psy might do the trick but it didn’t. Psychology isn’t a real science, everything is just theories which never hold up to repeated testing and most results are taken out of context or applied too broadly. 

And now what?  I just want to stop existing, run away to Antarctica and fall asleep under a blanket of snow. Or maybe try to climb Everest and become fail, becoming another macabre landmark for adventurers to come. But if I kill myself or disappear my father will be so crestfallen. He’s too nice and both of my siblings will take advantage of him if I leave. 

I wish I could go to sleep and never wake up. 