First time with these thoughts and I am terrified.I apologize but this is going to be a long post.

I am a 25 year old male who just got out of a 6+ year relationship. She was my first real girlfriend and we got together very early in our first year of University. By the end of the year we were basically living together and in our second year we made it official. This arrangement lasted for 4 years (5 total years together).

At this point I had to leave for work and she couldn't follow me for the same reason. We did long distance for 2 years (2 different countries but they bordered each other), talking everyday and making sure we never went more than 3 weeks without seeing each other in person.

In March she got back from a work trip and I came to visit her. I was in a bad mood due to the trip and wasn't very nice. The next day I went to apologize and she told me she wanted to break up. This quite literally devastated me. Over the course of my trip we talked and talked and talked and I left with the impression I had made things better.

It turns out I had not, she just wanted me to leave. I had a big work project coming up and was beginning to freakout so she agreed to stay together until it finished at which point we would work on our relationship to try and save it. When the project finished and I informed her of my plans to see her, she confessed she lied and only said that for my benefit and I was not welcome to come. I waited a week then went anyway.

Things obviously did not go well and I left more dejected than ever. She instituted a "no-contact" policy which was brutal but I did my best to abide by it. As fate would have it, I actually had to revisit the city for 3 days (work) and thought we might be able to salvage things, having now not talked for 2 weeks. I went to her apartment and waited, and waited, and waited... and she never came home.

I left the city and broke down and contacted her the next day. My friend had seen her out with some guys and texted me but I insisted he must have been mistaken. Then he sent me a picture. Then a coworker of hers who didn't know we had broken up sent me a message telling me to beware of her relationship with a coworker. When we spoke, she never denied there could be something there, but said nothing had happened yet.

At this point I had already become incredibly depressed. But today, I got another message (same coworker who still doesn't know about the break-up) telling me that my (now ex) girlfriend and this coworker are going away together for the weekend.

What was massive depression, obsessive compulsive disorder checking when she was online, etc. has now turned to legitimate thoughts of suicide. After how long we were together, for her to have moved on this quickly, while I can't even wake up and function without my prescription drugs (which I never took in my life before this) is devastating. I always thought the time apart would make her come back but now I have given up.

The work project I spoke of earlier went horrible, as did the 3 day trip to the city. My prospects for this job took a major hit and the knowledge another guy is already fucking the girl I spent almost 7 years supporting emotionally, physically and monetarily is absolutely crippling.

My heart has not slowed down in almost 36 hours. I can't eat. I can't sleep. All I can think about is her and this new guy and it makes me want to puke. I can't turn off my brain and I am seriously considering ending it. I'm just scared of how to do it. I have given up all hope of saving the relationship with the girl I thought I was going to marry. I have literally no purpose in my life with her gone since everything I did for the past 5 years was done with her and OUR future being in mind. Without her I feel so incredibly empty that I truly want to just end it. But like I said, I am terrified of how to do it because the only thing worse than my situation now would be ending up right back here but with a damaged stomach or only half blown head. I've already looked into some methods but none are fool-proof and I am scared of failing if I try.

I'm sorry for wasting your time reading this. But I have never been in this much pain and never had these thoughts before. It is terrifying realizing you just don't have the will to live anymore but oddly calming when you make the mental decision that you want to end it. I just need help. I don't see any other way out.