I don’t think it’s going to get betterBefore I get into the meat of this post, I want to elaborate that I do not believe that my problems are to be put on some pedestal above others. *I am just here to get this off of my chest*.

So, I am approaching the end of my final semester in secondary-school, this honestly being a relief as I (along with many others) can start anew. But I’m not sure if it’s going to be that simple, as I have always been one of those kids that has barely been able to have a fully functional day without someone sniggering at them.

Obviously I’m smart enough to connect the dots and simply interpret it as them seeing me as an easy target, which realistically, I am. 
I do have friends, but I live so far from them that I only ever see them when I’m in school (I’m aware that I stated that I’ll be finishing up soon anyway, more on that later). I am just worried that this loneliness will follow me into college.

Another reason on why I’m petrified of the coming end is that I am Epileptic. I don’t want to come across as melodramatic though, so just hear me out. 
My parents and close family are the only ones who have ever witnessed and attempted to help me whenever I come into a seizure. I have heard horror-stories throughout Reddit telling me of how fucked I would be if I seized in the presence of the wrong company, leading to rape and in admittedly extreme cases, death. 
This doesn’t really help my case seeing as I already have a hard enough time trusting others as it is, but I need other people to help me when I do come into that state.

Back on the topic of school, seeing as I was going to come back to it. I’m not sure if I ever gave myself the life that someone in their teens should have had, albeit having the circumstances stacked against me.
Nobody my age in my area ever really wanted to talk to me, and I honestly can’t say that I really blame them. I have mild Aspergers and, from what I’ve read up on my Epilepsy, that doesn’t exactly help my social skills either. 

People just don’t feel comfortable around me, and it breaks my heart.

My final reason for the title of this post is that I’m just pretty bitter as to how these feelings have been received by my peers whenever I openly share them (It’s not often).
I always got the sense that nobody cared about me and I still feel that.
When I came out, I was mocked for being greedy, though admittedly the majority of them were just jokes. 
But I was just disappointed that, after all the self-loathing that I had went through, that was the level of support that I had received.

Even after I had been statutorily raped, something that I despise myself to this day over allowing to happen to me and how I handled it, people had the fucking gaul to joke about it.

I apologize in advance if any of this came across as insincere, as it should go without saying that it was not my intention. I just want reaffirmation that I can actually think on.