dont know what to doive lost a lot of people that I really cared about recently. I think I'm about to lose a few more. I dont know what I'm doing wrong and it's making me question everything. I had some of these friends for 2+ years and theyve just left. a year or two ago I was going to kill myself, had a plan, a date, had done everything I needed to do and tried a few times to make sure it would work. to the point where I accidentally almost committed once because I nearly passed out. a day before I was meant to do it, I got told on more or less. stupid but it felt like "a sign". so I didnt.

 over the next year I met a bunch of amazing people (online, I prefer online friendships because I'm super insecure and have a lot of issues) had a relationship with one of them (which was a horrible idea but ya live and learn, it had to stop but I have no hard feelings, I love them), others became my very best friends. so things kind of actually felt okay for a while. of course I was still not doing great, since when my plans got caught, I didnt get any help, but the friends really helped without me even needing to tell them about my issues. things felt ok.

 flash forward, I have 2 of those friends left. and I'm losing both of them. one of them I talk to maybe once every 2 weeks, if I'm lucky. the other is losing interest in me. I know that things happen and I'm not mad at any of them for it but I just dont know what to do. I feel like I'm right back in the same place I was. for the past few months I've been sort of passively suicidal I guess. had a plan but had no plans to actually do it, which is about normal for me. the past few days I've started thinking about doing it again, actually having it be an option I think I might take again. I didnt miss this feeling. and I don't know how to stop it without help but I dont want help because I hate talking and I dont want anyone else to know. I feel lost. again.

I don't even want to read this again because it's probably whiney cringe so I'm like so sorry if you got this far and its just a word vomit