Saying I want to die is becoming less painful when I say it  About 4 years ago I realized I hadn’t known what I wanted to do with my life, and ever since then the anxiety of falling in a rut in college and not knowing what I wanted to major in would lead me to drop out and I wouldn’t amount to anything. This only becomes worse with the fact that I’m failing several of my classes right now and I’m so stressed about one of my classes that it’s consumed almost every second of my life and has caused me to feel depressed. Every time I try to study I just can’t grasp the concept and it leaves me with even more stress. 
  Failing a class doesn’t usually hit me as hard as this has, because I can usually bring the grade up to at least a B+ but I’ve hit the point that it feels like nothing matters. I don’t know what I want to do with my life and I’m certain I won’t ever amount to anything that would make me successful, much less happy. I have constant anxiety and I stay up until 5am trying to study but I can’t do it. 
  Even trying to study feels like such a chore, my GPA is already dropping, my class rank is just getting higher, and I’ve realized I’m not smart enough to simply get by on good grades alone, so I’ve had to resort to trying to figure out what I want to major in and get by on hard work, but I can’t even figure that out.
  I’ve been feeling depressed for about a month or so now and I can’t tell if I’m subconsciously faking it to get attention or if I’m truly depressed. I just don’t know what to do anymore. For years I’ve had suicidal thoughts, but when they first started I would break out crying because the thought of doing such a thing was too much, but now it just feels painfully easy to say and I can’t even tell If I would actually do it or not. It’s just an empty feeling at this point and I’m sure if I didn’t have family or friends who I’m scared to disappoint, I would have already attempted it. It feels like I’m just not trying hard enough and I’m weak but I can still work myself to exhaustion and fail at everything I do. I just really don’t know how to handle myself anymore.
 