My goodbye.I guess this is it. Won't be killing myself for another month and a half yet, but I wanted to post this and get it out of the way. Maybe I'll write down a link to my account so people in my life can see it after I'm gone. Want to wait for the holidays to be over so nobody has to bury me a few weeks before Christmas.  

Obviously, I’ve decided that I have to go. I’ve learned that life is incredibly lonely and miserable even when you’re surrounded by people. *Especially* when you’re surrounded by people. Nobody will ever really know who I am or what it’s like to be me. I don't mean that in an edgy or "I'm special" type of way. Just that we all have our own lives and experiences, and nobody else can ever be in our head with us. I’ve come to be kind of okay with that, and I take some value in my secrets, so I’ll be taking many of them to the grave. But I’ll tell the important bits of my story, I suppose. 


I was raised in a very religious environment where my number one goal in life was supposed to be worshiping Jesus. Three or four hours of church and Sunday school on Sunday, Bible study on Monday night, prayer meetings on Tuesday morning, youth group on Wednesday nights, reading the Bible every day of the week. Sometimes having to listen to additional recorded sermons or writings at home if I wasn’t well-behaved. I consider the church we attended to have been a borderline cult. Everyone was a staunch conservative and a Biblical literalist. We were admonished on a weekly basis to be separate from “The World”, which consisted of everyone except ourselves and the small number of other “True Believers” out there (we believed that most Christians are false Christians and you need to be able to tell the difference). We were also warned frequently about the dangers of hell, and I heard it so often as a child that I started having panic attacks over it. I felt worthless and unsafe, and the only reassurance I was really given was that God wouldn’t torture me as long as I believed in him and loved him. Hell of a lot of pressure to never question your beliefs, and very painful to strike out against. I would develop hadephobia (fear of hell) that would follow me well into adulthood, irrationally haunting me long after I stopped believing in any kind of this BS. I've now been an atheist for almost ten years, and to a degree it’s with me even still.

I was homeschooled from around the time we entered this church, as were many (if not most) of the other kids who went there. Part of me feels bad to complain, given how much my parents and especially my mother poured into giving us an education from home. I appreciate the time and attention she gave me. But the reality is that much of my coursework was Christian-based, and all of my socialization was with the other kids from my church who didn’t seem to secretly question or disbelieve the same way that I did. As far as I was concerned, I was almost completely alone. 

Almost, because I guess the universe decided to grant me a small mercy. I had a difficult time making friends, but through church I did meet one kid who would become my best friend. He was like me – unusually skinny, socially withdrawn, homeschooled, didn’t have any other friends. He didn’t really buy into the whole religion thing either, at least no as seriously as all our peers did. We never really talked about it, but it was a nice reprieve to be with someone who just silently *gets* you, you know? We spent a lot of time playing with airsoft guns and video games and hiking out in his woods. Things were okay.

That is, until my father found porn on one or both of our computers and scolded us in front of both of our mothers (my friend's father had passed away years before). Still not sure exactly how my father found out. But the friendship was instantly ended. I was grounded and wasn’t even allowed to close my bedroom door for years after that. And if I did, I would be yelled at and demanded to give an account of what I had been doing when nobody was watching. If I told him I had been reading, he’d demand to know what I was reading and what it was about. He told me that I might be demon-possessed, and that the only thing I was allowed to do was read the Bible. When I admitted that I was an atheist, he drove me almost an hour away to talk to a “therapist” who preached at me for an hour before telling me right at the end of our session that every issue with my parents was my own fault. I lost a lot of respect for my parents during that time, and never grew the balls to tell them off for it.

I was also struggling with both my sexual orientation and my gender identity during adolescence. The former from as early an age as 11 or 12 and the latter as time went on. I didn’t even remotely have the vocabulary or experience to know what I was going through, and I certainly couldn’t go to my parents and ask them. I was outwardly one of the promising kids at my church, and I remember months in advance that I was being pushed to participate in an anti-gay event called the Day of Truth (now the [Day of Dialogue]( https://www.dayofdialogue.com/)). It wasn’t really much more than handing out pamphlets and telling people that God hates fags. Just with a veneer of nicer language over it so that we had plausible deniability if accused of homophobia. It’s amazing that all the cognitive dissonance I was experiencing during that time didn’t break me. But then, I’m writing a suicide note right now, so maybe it did.

Anyway, I decided in senior year that I wanted to get the fuck away from my parents and join the military. I passed the ASVAB with such impressive scores that I was fast-tracked in front of others who had been waiting to enlist for months. But when the time came, I pussied out at the last minute and decided to go to college instead. It’s possibly the biggest regret of my life. I had already passed up on acceptance letters to a few decent private  universities and given up a presidential scholarship to a good public university. The only option left for me was to go to a community college for a few open courses while working part-time. For the life of me I can’t remember why I thought that was the better option. But that’s what I did. I guess I thought it would pay off, and obviously made a huge mistake. 

Life just got worse and worse for me. My parents and I got along miserably, and I couldn’t find work that would allow me to make enough money to move out. Most of my jobs had the lifespan of an average bar of soap, and I probably had fifteen of them in the span of about 4 years. I didn’t really have a plan or goal apart from desperately grasping at anything that looked like it might hold the key to my freedom. In that time, I started to really feel confused about my gender and who I was on a fundamental level. I tried to relieve that pain by painting my nails, growing out my long hair, wearing more androgynous clothes. And privatley, it kind of worked. I felt a little more secure in what I looked like and felt like I could be myself a little bit. But I was mocked, derided, questioned, told that men don’t act that way. I lost my first and only serious girlfriend because of it, and I wasn't emotionally prepared for that loss. I really thought at the time that I would gender transition. Thought it might help relieve the lifelong, intense hatred I had for my skinny, flat, weirdly proportioned body. But I had no friends or support, was tens of thousands of dollars in student loan debt, and was facing total homelessness if my parents threw me out. Given that we had shouting matches on a weekly basis, and talk of me needing to leave came up in most of them, I knew that I would either have to bury my emotions and desires or face the streets. 

That would have been about four years ago. I was 23 or 24 at that point, and I think that’s when I really gave up on life. I shaved my head, gained 40 pounds from overeating (quite the accomplishment given my physically demanding job and how naturally skinny I’ve been for my whole life). Failed a class for the first time in my life, and then quit college. I started drinking a couple bottles of whiskey per week. I became angry and bitter. Started visiting 4chan and alt-right YouTube and said some really stupid (read: racist and misogynist) things on social media that I’m now mortified at, and which I worry will turn up someday and get me fired or publicly humiliated. I can’t ever have a partner or significant other, because their lives will be ruined as well as mine if my past comes back to haunt me. I can’t transition now for the similar reasons. It’d just be justification for this hateful world to hate trans people more, and I guess I can at least have the dignity to not drag the LGBT community down with me. I still believe I'd have been happier if I was born female, but I didn't get a good enough roll of the genetic dice to have a completely successful transition, and it probably would have just created more issues than it was worth for me anyway. 

In the last couple of years I’ve tried to be better, I really have. I've stopped drinking. Went back to college and got my degree with a 3.5+ GPA. Got a decent-paying job related to that degree. I have another account where I frequently try to help people on r/suicidewatch. But nothing matters now. My misery has lasted so long that nothing will ever change it. I’m nearing 28 and still haven’t moved out of my parents’ house. I barely have the energy to shower or change my clothes more than twice a week. I have no hobbies or interests. My parents regularly have people over and everyone knows that I still live with them and that I just stay in bed 24/7. It's utterly embarrassing and humiliating. Therapy and medication have failed me. My parents have started acting more concerned about me and seem to want to rebuild a relationship, and I guess I appreciate that. But to be honest it just doesn't matter anymore. That bridge was burned long ago.

I’ve lost.

Here’s to hoping I don’t spend my eternity gargling razor blades or drowning in boiling motor oil or whatever other fucked up shit God supposedly does to people who don’t believe in him. 

Signing off.

- M