Never in a million years could I see myself posting here. See no future, no alternatives, I don't want to, but I feel like I have no choice.Nobody can know who I am. Please don't try to figure it out; it's probably possible. 

I graduated in May summa cum laude from a top 30 school. I grew up (and live in) a very wealthy town, and there was always something very "special" about me, yadda yadda yadda. 

So I go into college, destroy shit. Everyone talks about how great I am. I'm an amazing writer. I produce the type of work people expect out of students at Ivy League advanced degree programs. I have a lot of friends who care about me, which wasn't really true in high school. I loved college. I wrote an amazing Senior Thesis even though I shattered my collarbone in the middle of writing it and had to type with one hand. Everyone told me I should drop out and graduate a semester late, but I powered through it and got all As that last semester. 

Now I can't get a job. The job "search" been the most dehumanizing, degrading process in which I've been involved (including being "initiated" by a sports team and having to lick a used dildo) and I've felt sick the past few months. Not sick at myself, because I know I'm doing everything right. Sick at the country and sick at other people. 

I made it to the final round at a prestigious med-tech company for a position paying $65k out of college. They told me during the interview that I seemed like a great fit. I killed it at the interview and thought I was guaranteed a job. Two weeks later: rejected, and they wouldn't tell me why. Because of privacy. Whatever that means.

While that was devastating, I don't give up easily. I got to another final round interview for a consulting job at a Top 50 consulting firm and was asked a ridiculous case study question. The answer to the case was demeaning and unfair, and everyone I've spoken to agrees with me. Unsurprised and unruffled when they rejected me. 

This was all during the summer, and now it's fall. I can't find anything. I send out 50 applications a week, and nobody even responds to me. I do everything right. I try to network, and everyone tries to help. I've spoken with 100 alumni so far, and each phone call is the same. They gush over my resume, and then tell me that their company isn't hiring. Sometimes, when there is a position, they personally hand my resume and cover letter to HR, which is pretty much the best thing possible when applying for jobs. Doesn't matter, I don't hear anything back.

I don't want to see my friends anymore because I'm too embarrassed about not having a job. I can't sleep because I just dream about being offered jobs and actually being happy. My career counselor started crying while she was speaking with me because she felt so bad for me and couldn't understand why I wasn't getting interviews. 

I've felt myself become racist. If I weren't a white male, I would have a job now. I blame affirmative action. I'm becoming a cynical asshole. I used to be interested in learning, but now I don't care anymore. I regret picking my college (even though I loved it), my major (loved it), and my internships (loved them). 

For some reason, I can't get myself to apply to a post-grad internship. Money isn't the problem. I'm a very moral person (not my moral compass being amazing, just that I consider the ethics of every action I make), and I can't let myself apply. The thought of working for free contributing to an economy which hates me is a thought that makes me sick. 

I no longer want to contribute to the US economy because I don't believe in the country anymore. I don't want to kill myself, but I don't see what other choice I have. I'm the hero this country deserves, not the one it needs. :)

I don't want to go quietly. I don't want to hurt anyone, but I want to destroy something important. Some action to make everyone realize that this country is not OK, is not safe, and does not offer the opportunity it promises. I've given myself until November 1 to find a job. 

Tell me I'm a fucking dipshit. Don't tell me I'm smart and admirable and worthy, because that's what everyone has told me my entire life.
