I'm back. I was the guy about 2 yrs ago saying that I was going to make my business workI'm back, cant find my old account or my old posts. I said I was going to hustle ebay/amazon to make it work.

Well here I am about 2 years later. Paying taxes, making $5k a month and a healthy amount of savings nearing $20k.

Guess what? I'm still unhappy. You guys told me to wait it out and get my business rolling. Well, I did. And I grinded. I worked 100 hours a week. In the last year I've given myself 7 days off total (including weekends). I made my business survive, it's registered etc. Plenty of close calls but I made it. I made it past the $7,000 tax bill to get legit, the $9,000 car I bought in cash, the $2500 in repairs when I totaled my buddies truck. I did it. I was proud of myself for a short minute before I realized it was useless. I was using the work as an excuse to avoid suicide and it no longer helps.

I still want to fucking die. I may not be a broke fuck and my only obsession is grinding my shop and making money still have cheap living expenses.

I decided that very soon I will end my life. I've made the money and I'm bored. I work more because I'm bored. Nothing fascinates me. I'm a slobby guy in his mid 20s and nearing the 4th anniversary of my last attempt on 6/24. I don't care if my friend gets upset. I just don't fucking care. Nothing interests me. I'm done with this shit. He probably doesn't even take my suicide threats seriously anyways. 

I'm unfulfilled. I'm a virgin, I don't even like driving to the thrift stores anymore so I stay home most of the week. I have one friend and frankly, all we do is play games which I used to love but cant do more than 30 minutes.

I'm sorry but I think sometime near my birthday in a week I will probably just overdose on w/e I find. The money didn't make me happier. It made it worse. I don't care. I don't have aspirations, I have no life wants. I don't enjoy anything and I'm only happy when I find shit I can make money on and that's temporary. 

I did all the volunteering shit, I traveled a bit, I did it all and it's useless. My buddy drags me to ball games, out for a round of drinks etc, and it does nothing for me. Nobody gives a shit anyways. They think it's so fucking cool I make money doing this but guess what? It gets boring. Sure I can find real Louis Vuitton Bape Supreme and shit in the wild for peanuts but who cares? It's not fun anymore. It's stupid. In reality its just made me a mad hoarder. My home is filled with junk and shit.

NOTHING IS FUN. Everything legit fucking sucks. I've become a cheap hardass forever loner and my life means nothing to me. Now the question is which drug will take me out? I've been drug free for a long time so maybe I can go do a nice fucking 12 hour chase the dragon session or something and go out into bliss. A lifetime of depression. LIFETIME. NO MORE PILLS. NO MORE THERAPY. I hear fleeting voices, I get these bouts of mania but I don't believe in mental illness anymore. I believe some people can't be fixed. Plus that shits expensive and costs too much. And some jackass tried to rob me the other day. Nobody cares about me anyways. I'm a loser and a junk hoarder. I'm nasty and mean, I'm a liar and a thief. I use everyone around me. 

I am the product of a parent that neglects a baby. DO YOU SEE WHAT HAPPENS MOMS OUT THERE? When you don't show alot of love to your baby? DO YOU SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU HAVE A DAD THAT DOESNT LOVE YOU DADS OUT THERE? I am the product of that. I can't form normal attachments with people. Impossible. You see what happens when you scream at your child? When you hit them? When you harm yourself in front of them? When you play headgames with them? I play those same games now with other people, and it's compulsive.

I don't think anyone can convince me otherwise. I have nobody and my life is worthless. I don't want to exist anymore. I don't want this stupid car because I hate driving in fucking traffic and FUCK LEFT TURNS. I don't want this life. I don't want the long term effects of the physical and emotional abuse I suffered. I don't want to die painfully, my juvenile arthritis already makes life painful enough. I just want to not wake up. Drinking some kava tea right now. Making plans as I speak to silently exit that way nobody thinks I half assed it this time and at least they'll know I tried. I just need to work up some courage to really finish this time.

Help prevent another child from falling down my path. It's too late for me. I'm a lost cause.