My experience so far...I've done this separately to my own account, because I know the hate it will recieve. I spent 3.5 years on citalopram with therapy for depression aswell as thorazine for schizophrenia, plus another 5 years on sertraline. I've tried to take my own life (7 times) call me "inept" (cutting, methane gas, massive ODs on OTC drugs. My body is covered in scarring and my medical record must read like a dramatic novel. However, I've overcome all of it in the last 12 months. (Please read no longer if you dont care)

I spent my life at home with my mum. (Father was never on the scene) she kicked me out at 15 for some dramatic teenage romance, I proceeded to live homeless for a further 9 months, yet I finished school and entered college (not US college, UK sixth form) I then lived in a homeless accommodation for 16-25 year olds, where, in my time I saw the only other college attendee killed, in a fight over the shared sofa. I was then offered state/council accommodation where I lived alone but recieved a grant for furniture etc, college also granted more money to aid my education (some of it was spent on beer...) 

I lived in a desperate state, I hated the world, I hated myself, I hated my life. This was all because i saw myself as "hard done" by. Proceeding this is the suicide attempts etc, all the way up until now, my 25 year old self. I've stopped the meds, I've realised my thought pattern, I've realised what exactly was happening. I felt hard done by, i felt life was on "hard mode", but ultimately after everything, i still had control. I still had the ultimate say in what i said or did next. This changed me, this gave me a power I'd lacked for years. I did leave education, and I got evicted from that state/council home (never gave a follow on address for the debt) but still, I realised only MYSELF was responsible for ME. This would sound ridiculous in therapy (I did try haha). But yes, life does get better, "arguably" it's a mind set, yes theres such a thing as mental health issues but a lot of it is self perspective. I feel a whole lot better now. I've took the step away from negativity and into "positivity" aka I've took responsibility for my own life, hate it or not, only I control it and my feelings.

I'd like to note several places that helped along the way:

https://www.samaritans.org/
https://www.themix.org.uk/mental-health
https://www.elefriends.org.uk/
https://www.mind.org.uk/information-support/helplines/web-chat/

Please bear in mind these are all UK based. I cannot thank them all for what I have achieved.. 

Trust me, you can too..