I am planning to kill myself soon or tonight right at the first chance I get. [Long? explanation/vent post ahead.]Hi, first post and really devastated with emotions so please bear with me.

I've been depressed for about 5 years without help. Recently I haven't been able to keep up with it and is currently very agitated and overwhelmed. I will explain everything in this post.

It happened when my ex best friend from a two years or so ago hardcore manipulated me, physically and emotionally abuse me. Even go far to invite other people and her way older brother to try and have them molest/borderline rape me to "cause drama" when she's bored. She turned me away from my family and friends and cornered me for herself always. I went over to this girl's house pretty much everyday. She threatened me all the time, told other people how much of a horrible person I was, and never let me do ANYTHING by myself. This is only scraping the surface of what she has done to me without a second post. Her family was also very off and encouraged this behavior and often bought expensive gifts when I never asked and made me take them to hang over my head later. During this time I was 12 to 15. 

Finally though, I was able to get out of that situation by being too fed up with it and called her out despite the chance of losing everything and being a coward. It was the best decision and feeling of my life, but however left me with a lot of problems for myself, friends and family.

I started to shut myself out to others and lose interest in my hobbies completely. I would wake up from nightmares about our friendship. I sleep too much or too little. I've gained a lot of apathy, hopelessness, ate too much or not at all. Basically all the symptoms of clinical depression right down to the tic x100. Once I've started to realize this, I tried to tell my parents.

They know what happened to me and all, but I think neither my mom or my dad want to believe it at all. I constantly tell them I desperately want and need help. I want to go to therapy, go to the doctor, whatever. But they laugh it off and chalk it up to hormones. I don't think a 17 year old girl for the past 5 years constantly thinking about wanting to die is normal. 

They then would tell me that they once knew a chick or whatever growing up who went on anti-depressants and never was the same and how medication is evil. It's quite annoying. But the real kicker is that now-a-days when they hear that someone else has depression or a medical issue they go on about how poor and undeserving that person is. How they hope they're getting help and everything they need. Never to me though after countless times of breakdowns and explanation. 

I ended up trying to get help at my school's councilors and resources. Unfortunately though it was a bust. They looked at me with disinterest, gave me shitty "just don't be sad!!" advice and sent me along my way with no further talk or help no matter how many times I've been in the office.

Since then my depression has gone to bad to way worse than it ever has before. So bad that my parents now started to call me a "melodramatic lazy bitch" for months because of how bad my school grades are, irrationally irritable I am, and easy I am to break down. I've asked them to stop calling me that and they refused until I "got better" miraculously. They always talk super loud about me and how much I am a shitty child who does nothing. My mom thinks this is supposed to help me in some way but it's not.

I do try to self help myself (without the use of drugs like marijuana, not into that) like meditating, trying to relax and try to view things differently, distract myself. But it's almost never helped me.

I'm so sick of this and feel I'll never actually get better and really want to kill myself. I honestly truly do. I feel turning here is the last option I have. I cannot get help because I'm not legally old enough to do so. I want to run away from my house but I'd have no where to go and my parents would punish me very hard for it. I also have nothing here to kill myself with. Not even a rope.

 Can anyone please help me out before I do figure out something and kill myself in the basement? It would be greatly appreciated.

-----------

I do have two friends in case you're wondering. One of them is younger than me and going through an obsessive boy band craze and spins every conversation into that. I do love her to bits but when I try to talk about my feelings they sort of..ignore it.

The other one has a lot of illnesses to deal with of their own and I barely talk to them.

Other than that I have no one and I do get made fun of for not having more. I won't lie I wish I did have more friends, but the current school I'm at (which is an alternative school) the people are less than friendly to talk to me. 

