Struggling hard with thoughts of suicide and the fact that no one will care.Lately I've been thinking about suicide a lot. It's happened before and I've been to the hospital for it a few months ago but it's starting up again. I'm really starting to realize the meaninglessness of my existence in this world. I don't feel like I matter to anyone because I'm always excluded. People don't ask about me or ask me to hang out or ask me for help. I'm always the one doing these things. I feel like I'm always reaching out to my friends and they don't respond with any gratitude. It's like I'm not cool enough for their time. 

I'm such a loser and I live at home with my parents like an asshole and they are all moved out and living with each other and their other cooler friends. I am never invited to hang out because I'm "not allowed" or whatever. They never try to accommodate me. I'm the one always having to go where they are. I feel like one day I'm going to explode at them. I've told them several times about how I feel about them being inconsiderate and they haven't changed. They think I'm the one with the problems. They don't realize how their actions are affecting me.

This is leading me to think I don't matter and that suicide is a reasonable option. They won't give a fuck if I die because right now they aren't asking about me, or talking to me. They're so obsessed with each other even though they live together. I am a tertiary character and they are the star of the show. I want to just fucking die. I feel so worthless and stupid and like such a loser and I will never be like them. 

I talked to this with my counselor and she said never to say that my death won't matter to other people and she seemed extremely offended when I said that. It's truly how I feel though. It hurts so bad and my friends know I often get suicidal. I think they just don't want to deal with my shit anymore so they ignore me. Well if I die, then they won't have to deal with my fucking problems anymore.

Thanks for anybody who read this, it's a total whine fest and I'm just taking up space so sorry about that. 