It really doesn't matterMy suicide note... I'll post it on Facebook tomorrow.

It doesn't matter. Nothing matters. So why should I matter to you? You might say I do, but actions always speak louder than words. You showed me how the world really works, how no one actually cares about anything other than themselves. Even me. Nothing matters.

It's all about doing whatever it takes to climb that socio-economic ladder. It's all about integrating yourself into an uncaring western society and doing the best you can compared to everyone else, regardless of the consequences it has on others. This world is too horrible to live in, I refuse to accept it. There's nothing here worth staying around for, and I'm worthless anyway.

It's not like I was ever gonna be someone. What was the best I could do, be a teacher? Get screwed over as education receives even more budget cuts and people not giving a shit if you're actually passionate about what you do. Fuck, they fired Mrs. Essingman! Literally the best English teacher I've ever had, and no one gave a fuck! Even the one thing I thought I could do is fucked.

And to top it all off, I have to wear long sleeve shirts all the god damn time because people get uncomfortable around cutters. Even if I were to make it, I'd have to hide my arms for the rest of my life. Scars don't just go away, those fucking last forever. Not to mention how utterly unattractive it is to have fucking scars on your arm. "Oh, you cut yourself... You must be mentally ill. Please keep your crazy the hell away from me." Either you're pathetic for having done it or disgusting simply because no one wants to be friends with a fuck up.

Man, I've dedicated a lot of this to feeling sorry for myself, but it's not like I'm doing this to garner sympathy. I need to explain why I'm committing suicide to all you god damn down syndrome fucking children who don't get why I have to die. There's no future for me anymore. I have burned all of my bridges and dug myself into a hole, and now there's no way out. I put myself in this situation, and me dying is just the consequence. And dear fucking god, dying is such a natural fucking thing to do to begin with, but the second you start talking about killing yourself, people freak out.

Look, life isn't this precious thing to be treasured, and to say that is to be a hypocrite. If you really believed that, you would be in anguish day after day over the tragedies that happen around the globe every second. Life isn't this beautiful journey to enjoyed, it's a worthless thing that we ignore the plight of as we blissfully try to enjoy our movies or games or books or whatever your preferred method of basic entertainment/distraction is. "Children starving to death in Africa? Nothing we can do about it. Why worry?! But don't kill yourself. Life is priceless to me!" It's so disgusting to me, and even worse when you've been in a psych ward.

Suffering severe depression and wanting to kill yourself? How about we put you in a room, feed you like a prisoner, tell you that you shouldn't kill yourself and then charge you over $10,000 dollars for a week's stay while claiming we've helped you?! Because to the mental health industry, you're not a human being! You're a potential for crippling medical debt that will make your life even more miserable, but hey, at least someone gets to take your money while life is garbage! America sure does love the mentally ill. Can't see any reason why suicide rates would be skyrocketing across the country for all ages/genders/ethnicities. Taking people who's lives are already in shambles and forcing debt upon them after imprisoning them against their will? Nah, who'd be more likely to kill themselves after that? It just makes no fucking sense. Fuck you for thinking there's a problem with society and human avarice. Fuck you for being bothered that life in America is all about integrating yourself into a bigger system where your work is constantly taken advantage of as people attempt to pay you as little as possible while they make millions. Fuck you, you're a worthless kid who has no idea how the world works, or how necessary all of these broken systems are.

And you know what, I don't know shit. I don't know shit about anything. I'm just some worthless, talentless, ugly, disgusting, smelly (especially when I forget to shower for a few days), rotting piece of shit who sees a million problems, but has no solutions. Well, that's not true, because I have MY solution: give up. This isn't a life worth living for. Maybe things are going okay for you, but I fucked up in the past, I'm fucked up now, and that's just it. It sucks, but this is just me. There's no better version of me hiding somewhere in my psyche, there's no chance to change my perception or how I think, and I'll never be able to escape my failures. I have no more ambitions, nothing else I want to do, no plan for the future nor goals to work towards. Every road is just a dead end to me. Whatever I do from here, it'll end with me dying completely unhappy and lacking content with my life/choices. (Wow, I hate my own writing. Funny to just now notice that.)

But seeing as that's the situation, the best case scenario would be to save myself the heartbreak and die early, avoiding years of therapy, fighting with my family and getting sent to smaller, more comfortable prisons because apparently I'm the selfish asshole for "being willing to inflict that kind of pain on your family." Fuck you, I didn't ask to be born, and given the choice, I would have gone for abortion. My parents only wanted 3 kids, and called me their "gift from god!" for being their 4th. They then proceeded to ignore me for the rest of my childhood while I sat alone in rooms and played video games by myself. Fuck, I just found a shelf with all my old games on it, which at first was super nostalgic and awesome! But the more I looked at it, the more I realized that I played every single one of those games alone. Every. Single. One. I never had friends over to play games with me. I never got my older siblings or parents to sit down and play. Not a cousin, not a neighbor, not anyone. My entire childhood was sitting in various rooms by myself and using gaming consoles to generate an escape from my own fucking loneliness. So of course I'm a fuck up. What did you expect? I wasn't raised, I was left in rooms with an electronic babysitter for fucking children. I was a worthless nothing in my childhood, and the only time my parents would pay attention to me was when I did poorly in school. Those were the first and last times I heard my own family tell me I was worthless, which it does indeed turn out I am, but I couldn't believe it at the time.

But after all that, to say I'm the selfish one? No one gave a fuck about me until I lost my shit, so don't fucking pretend like you give a shit now! You just wanna talk to the freak for a few minutes so you can feel like you did your good deed for the day, but you didn't even actually do anything. And you know you didn't, but you'll still relish the feeling you got from it. Jesus, it's all so fake and superficial! The only reason you're doing this is to make YOU feel better, not me. If you really wanted to make me feel better, all you had to do was hang out and maybe have a few drinks with me, maybe smoke some if we got 'em. Pot, cigarettes, don't care. That would have made me feel like you gave a shit, but you chose minimalism. You wanted to put in as little effort as possible so you could feel good about trying to do some minuscule good deed for a stranger. Only selfish one here I see is you.

I want to die because I know it will have a long-term positive effect for the people I actually give a shit about. I'm a big old leech; I latch onto people and depend on them to get me through the day. I'm incredibly dependent and a burden on the people around me. Even my best friends buy me food or other cool shit from time to time. I am genuinely incapable of taking care of myself, fiscally irresponsible, and unable to change. There's no future anymore. All I can do is waste time until I die, but that would just be even more miserable. It would genuinely be better to cut to dying so we don't have to prolongate suffering. Because that's what being alive is. Reminds me of Princess Bride. "Life IS pain, and anyone who says otherwise is trying to sell you something!"

There's no future anymore. It's just gone. So why would you have me waste time and do nothing with myself when I could be dead and done with it. I'm not gonna change, and the world isn't gonna change, and we clearly don't value human life as much as we want to believe we do, so why does it matter?

Oh wait, that's right, it doesn't.

♫ So long, cruel world! ♫