My world has come crashing down and I can't see any other escapeI also posted this in r/depression and so I'm sorry for double posting but I feel like this thread was actually more suitable. Here's my story...


I've just been dumped by my boyfriend of 4 years for another girl with who he's been friends with since before we met. He slept with her before we met and apparently has been talking to her without me knowing all throughout our relationship. He hasn't 'physically cheated' per se (that I know of) but I feel he's been 'emotionally cheating' on me for a while. It hurts so f%$king much that it's actually like physical pain at the moment and I can't stop crying. He's also refusing to talk to me. We all live in the same place and I'm just heartbroken and horrified by the idea that I have to see them together in the future and bump into them.
I've also found out that my dad also had an affair with someone when I was 18 years old (I'm now 26) and when I had anorexia (I was close to dying from my anorexia) and cheated on my mum . They've been married for 35 years and my dad has always been my rock who I've always looked up to. Their relationship was one I idolised and always wanted. I can't get my head around the idea he cheated on my mum. My sister died when she was 8 and I was 4 and they managed to get through that. My mum deserves so much better and I'm so angry that he could ever do that to her at such a vulnerable time in their lives.
This year I've also lost my best friends after an incident happened at a Hen Party which made me re-evaluate if they were actually 'friends'. They were acting bitchy and awful and so I ended up telling the bride that I don't think I could be her bridesmaid anymore and she ended the friendship and all the other friends sided with her.
I've lost my friends, my partner, and my Dad in such a short space of time. I feel like I have nothing but my job but even though I love my job it's not enough to keep me going. I feel like no one wants me in their lives. I can't stop crying and I just want to die. I don't see what the point to anything is anymore. My mum is my only friend I have.