You can have everything in the world, and still be sadAlright team, after years of being a lurker in this reddit, I think it’s finally time to go. I’ve debated for months now whether or not life is worth living or not, and I’ve decided that after all this time, my existence is meaningless and it’s time for an end to it all. At least then, I’ll be at peace. I come from a family who probably really cares the world about me, and a girl who I mean the world to and friends who love me more then anything, but I still feel dead inside. It’s so sad, because I’ve worked all my life to make a meaningful living and be a good person and to care for others, and at the end of the day, I’m nothing but a sad, miserable, and selfish fucking asswipe. So many people care for me, but I still feel empty inside. For anyone who reads this, I’m about to take all the pills and end it. It’s not worth it to me anymore. You were all so great and I want nothing but good for the world. But good for the world, doesn’t involve me. I doubt the world, I really do. I think there is nothing but sadness and stress, but please prove me wrong. Prove too me that we are better.  I’m
Sorry dad. I love you so much. All I wanted to ever do was make you proud, you meant the literal world to me, and I wasn’t the man I was without you. My mom, you were literally the most beautiful person I could ever ask for, and you literally gave you entire life to me, and I am so beyond grateful. To my love B, you are the perfect gal, literally my world, I love you more then the world itself.  You mean literally everything to me. I love you. You could not be more perfect and more supportive and more willing to help. My best friends, you all did nothing but help me, you were amazing, literally nothing but loyal and perfect. I can’t imagine better friends. M, you were my guy, my best friend, I love you and I know you’re going to do amazing things. My siblings, I believe in you, you’re better then I ever could be, you will do great things and make our family so proud. To all else, to anyone who ever gave a fuck about me, thank you, thank you to proving myself wrong, thankful for caring about me even though I didn’t realize it. The world is such a delicate and scary place and you will never know who is your friend until it all ends.

To everyone out there, I love you, please treat everyone else well, regardless of skin, class, race, status, etc. the only way we move forth is together. I love you all. And I wish nothing but a beautiful future for you all. 


Goodnight everyone, and goodnight forever. 🤍🖤