17 and wanting to dieFor as long as I can remember I've been "angsty", but when I was perpetually suicidal for about a year up until a few months ago I thought I had clinical depression. I was also having some hallucinations from the stress. I got put on some medications, and eventually felt better. Now I'm feeling that way again, and I'm wondering if maybe this is just how I naturally feel. I recently found out I have Asperger's, and I know a lot of aspies have constant battles with depression. 

I've sort of being trying to deny it to myself, but every day it is clear that I can't stand life. I recently got a job, and I think that has made it all worse. I was previously a highschool dropout and I spent most of my time in bed and visiting depression support forums. People say that once you start doing things you'll feel better, but for me doing things just creates things that overwhelm me. I have to go to school one day a week for this job I've got, and I'm looking through this logbook thing I have to fill out and I know that I just don't give a fuck about it. I have no aspirations to succeed. I just want to be happy, but happiness is nebulously defined for me and I think that's because it isn't possible.

My mother doesn't know I'm suicidal again, although I have spoken of how I'd like to quit this job and the school. My father recently died and she doesn't want me to quit the job because she says we need income. She says she doesn't think we could get benefits for me, even though I'm diagnosed with autism. That may just be her trying to coax me into staying though. Either way I can't help but feeling my family would simply be better off without me in the long run. I am ultimately just a drain on precious resources, and I don't care to be here.

I think the only thing that has stopped me from killing myself is the fear that it wouldn't work. Maybe it will get better, but I really can't see how, and if I was dead it wouldn't matter if it could have gotten better. I wouldn't have any conception of it. If I had a pill that was certain to kill me right now I know I would just take it. I think if I try to kill myself it will probably just be cutting my wrists because knives are easily accessible. I know that usually doesn't work, but I'd go the whole hog and make sure it was deep and long and down the underside of my forearm. I'm really scared to do that though, because if it doesn't work my arm and hand will be thoroughly fucked up.  

I just don't see any reason for me to stick around. I wouldn't say I really enjoy anything, and life is just a big ball of stress for me. I found out recently that a friend I used to have on one of the depression support forums tried to kill herself, and it's making me feel like if she can do it then I can do it. Hopefully I would succeed, and if not at least I wouldn't be expected to work or succeed anymore. 