I can't take this no more, the agony is killing me .LONG STORY SHORT : So, my name is Alfred Florin and I have been suffering from ocd ( pure o ) since I was 16, I am 21 now. From a very young age I shook hands with Ocd and had anxiety problems, but they were not a big deal, it was present 3 or 5 days then it would go away without a huge effort. When I was 15 .. the sickness struck hard, and I felt its presence so hard like it was a possession. ( I will get there too but now let s continue the story ). My first ocd encounter was when I have stepped on a guy's foot when I was 12 I guess. You may be wondering what's wrong with that or what that means. Well in Romania there is a "urban myth" it goes like this.. if you step on someone's foot and that person doesn't step on your back your mother dies. Well there were many people around me cause it was the mayor' elecrion that day and after I have stepped on that guy's foot I couldn't figure where he went cause it happened fast and then he disappeared in the crowd in an instant. Well when I got home I thought at the fact that my mom could be dead cause I have stepped on that guy s foot, I wasn't really scared or anything .. just a little worried, I know it s stupid even for a 12 year old but .. yeah. Well .. I guess 2 hours passed and I started thinking in that obsessive way that my mom will die and etc .. bad thoughts .. my chest started burning and everything I would say to fight it back, I couldn't get me to believe that it s not real. I have started crying and the pain made me feel like my life was ruined ... Well it passed really soon .. I guess the next day I was kind of ok. I DID NOT TELL ANYONE ABOUT IT. After that experience .. till age 15 I had various exeperiences like that one but it did not bother me on the long run. Let me give some examples 1. I was thinking at biomechanics and had some repetitive body movements .. I couldn't stop from doing them until I felt like I had hit the right spot or the movement was the right one ... 2 . I once sae a really f*cked up thing on a website .. it was a soup made of a fetus. Well after I saw that my mind started telling me that I would enjoy it and would like to eat it .. And I couldn t stop from imagining myself from eating it even though I hated these images , it was pure hell cause I was a religious person and that made me feel like I had let God down ... 3. Whenever I would go to church I would imagine Jesus and Mary having sex and I just couldn't stop thinking and I would get images and mind movies and I would just leave church feeling like CRAP. It made me feel like I was such a bad person and I was actually crippled by these thoughts but it went off really fast and it did not affect my life on the long run I repeat .... 4. I had periods when I would feel bad and depressed and felt a ache in my chest and it was just like my soul hurt not my chest .. I was really emotional all of a sudden I would get scared easily and cry really fast. Let me talk to you abot age 15. I had a friend at 15 that did not believe in Jesus .. and we would argue all day long about religous stuff .. and I was explaining to him thing every single day .. about 5 hours a day .. every damn day and that caused me a lot of stress but I really wanted to help him and I felt like it was my duty to stop his tears .. with the help of God. Well one day I was sitting at my computer and one of his questions about god popped into my head, I have tried to answer it myself but I couldn't get the answer right.. so I have seesrched it on google... saw different responses, but guess what, not a single answer made me feel ok, I felt a thirst of truth and the next 15 minutes my chest lighted up little by little and the pain was getting stronger .. I was searching and searching for an answer and guess what ! That question transformed into 1000 questions per second...In my mind I felt a tornado of questions making my soul and my brain hurt like no other thing in this world . That day I have spent it wandering the streets cause I just couldn't sit still... My chest and soul were on fire and my mind was full of questions  ! I was walking like a mad man and looking straight into nothingness while while walking and trying to give myself a answer to all of the questions while slowly strating to realize that I was going to hell cause I started doubting God and its works and that made my chest EXPLODE and I have bursted into tears and the biggest and badeest panick attack I have ever experienced ( and the first ) ! My mom came home from work and I was keep telling her that  my soul aches and I do not know what to do .. she was distressed by my situation but she was thinking that it s only a teenage thing and it will pass . Nightime came and the pain and question were just king of gone but they were omnipresent ! Before  bed I was a disaster .. I got down on my knees and prayed like tomorrow was the end of days... but the next day the same thing happened .. It got to the point that I had to sleep with my mom and listen to the radio all night long and all day long just not to hear BRAIN THAT WAS TELLING ME THAT I WAS GOING TO HELL AND I HAD IMAGES OF ME BURNING IN HELL GLUED TO MY MIND AND SOUL. Well It went like this for 2 months until my father came home from abroad and went with me to a psychiatrist and thing went ok for a while .. but that psychiatrist did not care about me and it took 4 years for me to understand that it was wrong seeing her . She gave me the same pills all these 4 years and we never did therapy but I had a fear of leaving the treatment behind and leaving my  psychiatrist cause I thought no one would understand and I continued on for 4 years ( the fifth year I was off pils .. off seeing a psychiatrist etc ) while I was seeing the psychiatrist everything was bad but it was bearable .. My life was shit but I could cope with it . In these 4 years i have been through all of the branches of OCD .. I had HOCD , fobias .. Religious ocd .. blah blah .. I guess I had tasted all of it. The Hocd wrecked my life but I went through it like a champ. This last year .. the fifth I met Laura and my new ocd chapter began. RETROACRIVE JEALOUSY IS MY PRIMARY ENEMY NOW. It s not like I dont have the scars of my other ocd episodes .. I still was depreseed, angry, and full of pain when I met her but one thing I wasn t.. Hopeless .. I had a hope that I would get better ! I have met her (march).. she was different .. she had sexual some really colorful sexual experiences and she seamed "slutty". She was talking to me about her sexual past and black men in her life and how she cheated on her ex cause she was horny and stuff. We kissed one night and I saw something in her .. something special.. even if she talked like she did but I like her as a person .. she was funny and she had a nice personality. We were toghether and one day I just couldn t stop thinking at these men she has been with and how she talked to me about them and .. my ocd started kicking .. after 2 months in the reltionship my ocd came in and ruined us in a way .. I was unabe to please her sexualy... unable to kiss her .  It got to the point where I wanted to break up because of it. And i was at 1 inch of doing it .. but we got through it and we were kind of ok .. not good .. but ok. Well we were toghether .. i was getting ready for an exam in august when I found put that she cheated o  me in june with her ex ( Alin ) several times in that month and they have been talking from some time I guess they started talking in april .. after I have found that .. in august .. I forgave her and was strict with her for a month .. so she would understand that she did wrong and it wrecked our relationship . In that period an anger lighted up in me .. ai started talking to my ex too .. but nothing romantic or so .. just random talk. I did not touch her or anything ... I have stopped talking to her at the middle of september cause I feel like that anger wasn't doing me any good and I need to forgive her . Well everthing went really good until I found out that she has been in a club one night on the date of 15 of september and she went with her best friend that recently got into a relationship .. guess with who .. the dude with she cheated on her ex (Alin) with.. he s called Paul .. she went to the club with Paul her best friend Andreea and Teodor .. a dude wich she has been seeing while she was in a relationship with her ex. That night she got drunk .. she did drugs and she asked Teodor : " why did we stop seeing eachother  ? " and when he left she asked " are you leaving my here with these crazies ( paul and andreea ) ? " .. at the end of the night she was spitted on by a dude cause she intervened while he was shouting at Paul that he wants to fight him and Laura said " fight me " the he spitted her . Teodor said Laura asked him to come back and take her back home to "chill" but she said that it is not true. She lied to me about many things and I don t know what to believe. I forgave her but after that night My ocd started wrecking my life again ..After I found this .. I contacted my ex and slept with her put of anger .. I did it with her twice and I regret it because I did not feel anything for her ... Laura found and she got over it .. Problem is we are ok with a new start though I don t trust her like some time ago and I can t stop asking her questions and details about her past and she cheating me ..how she did it .. why .. minor details .. anything .. I get an answer .. i feel better for an hour then it kicks again and I can t stop getting mental movies and images and hearing things about her and other man .. ablut her and Teodor .. Alin .. Paul .. and etc. I really need to get back on track but it seems really hard. I have told her that in order for this to work she need to stop talking to other men .. going to club .. stol doing this stop doing that etc .. is it right ? What am I doing ... ? I will go to a specialist who really cares but until then Please help me .. every word matters please tell me if my relationship is worth anything .. Would you forgive ... what would you do !? I just cant stop getting images and my brain tells me that she betrayed me twice not just once with Alin but twice with that night in the club and that I am not good enough and my self esteem is wrecked . I can't even go for a walk, cause everytime I do, I see someone more muscular or more attractive than me in any way, my ocd teels me that my girlfriend will like him cause he is better .. or that she look at him and admires him, ai get really jealous and I lock myself into a shell. Sometimes I feel like I am just like a little a wounded boy who just wants to be understood and loved and its hard because we live in a really plastic and harsh world. Nobody cares about feeling no more and we all chase the money like hell. Sorry for the grammar mistakes if you spot some but I am not well. Thanks for reading.