I can’t help but think I should give upI was born into a family of dysfunction. There were always lies and half truths and if you questioned the way things were you were humiliated and shamed. When I told my mother that the cousin she let live in our house had molested me she first said she already knew, and the second time I brought it up years later she called me a liar. My mother’s narcissism couldn’t allow any blemishes on her character because to all the neighborhood kids she was the fun mom who took them swimming and bought them toys, but at home she was cold and spiteful. When I didn’t clean my room one night she locked me outside the house and made me sleep outside. I was 8. My half sister was no better. When I was in second grade she was shaming me about my body, telling me I was fat and begging my mom to force me to wear a bra. She too was a narcissist. Between the two of them I developed no self esteem. I was never good enough, smart enough, pretty enough, worthy of love. I lived every second of my childhood in fear of being scolded for one thing or another. I began to cut around age 12 to cope. I over ate and would suffer my sisters wrath for it, which would make me want to eat more. My mother became religious and forced me to join a religious cult with her where they discussed my virginity from the pulpit and physically assaulted me during what they believed were exorcisms. There is so much more than I feel I could ever express in words. I feel so much rage. And what hurts is all the rage is directed at myself or at other people who didn’t hurt me, but weren’t able to understand what I was going through. I’ve told people I wanted to die so many times that nobody cares, and it’s almost as if that’s what I wanted because I needed to prove that they never actually cared in the first place. There is no such thing as unconditional love. I loved my mother unconditionally, I did anything and everything she wanted, I threw away my entire childhood and adolescence to make her happy, and it didn’t matter to her. She’s the one who’s supposed to love me unconditionally and she can’t which must mean I am unloved and always will be. I’ve tried to love myself but the slightest hurt or trauma destroys any semblance of self worth I create. I can’t help but think I should just give up. Thinking about not being alive is the only time I feel love. Absolution. Redemption. I’m 26 years old, and I’m exhausted by the life I’ve lived. I feel as if I’ve lived several, each one as traumatic as the last.  So, I just can’t help but think I should give up.