I don't think I want to live in this world anymoreIt's disgusting, we push and tore each other down so we can build ourselves up...I try to convince myself that there is no titles only people, no one is king or queen or supreme ruler (hehe that rhymed) but this degrading disgusting society insists that there is for what purpose? To appoint authority? To make the lower grade feel like dogshit? To establish some order in the world? One of the most ironic things I've ever Saw in my entire life was when I was walking with my father to a museum and we pasted a homeless man sitting outside a bank, get that? That bank holds my money...your money? Every database for the credit cards in this country is in that bank the worlds money the richest place in the world and yet, there's a hungery man using their wall as his home, big brother is watching everyone's ip no matter the vpn, the government is killing an incident person because of their own hate that society gladly passed on to him or her or for what ever excuse they like to pat themselves on the back for, people screwing people over for...I don't actually know what for but I'm sure they have their reasons, I'm not perfect I'm not all seeing eye that knows something you don't but I'd rather be ignorant than be set in this mindset the "wow this actually is the state of the world now" I've caught myself being racist, being judgemental, being...a cunt to another human it's human nature I know but to some extent this is from our society that we gave up building along the way because "it's too hard to keep going" I fully accept responsibly for my own thoughts of course but how much of it really originated from the spite of others drilling in what people drilled into them...everything must end that's the happy part...what we do..the corrupt idealogys that we put into Mother Nature, the way we treat our fellow humans, the sick ways we entertain ourselves while we exist, everyone has a purpose but I guess someone should tell me otherwise before I do something stupid you know like pursue it? Make myself happy? Nah you do the bullshit you do...courrpt cunts we are, hay? 

I'm in a somewhat state of helplessness If you where to lazy to read the long text...