Yesterday I learned how my mother killed herself. Today I contemplate doing the same.I am 21 years old. All my life I have been 'protected' from how my mother killed herself. Well, I knew she hung herself. I knew I was 2-3 years old. I knew she sent me away a week in advance. I first found out that she wasn't "very ill" or "thought no one loved her", when I was about 12 years old. I was with two classmates, and one of them asked me about my mother. I said she was dead, that she fell ill. Then the other said, "Didn't she hang herself?" And I'm like "What?!"

"Yeah," she said. "My mother told me." Apparently my grandmother had told her.

 She wrote no note, but I have the last few pages of the diary now, of which only me and my grandmother has read. I can't remember it now, but she was overcome with romantic sorrow. The only excerpt I remember is "Why did you leave me and my baby." Please listen to "You Make Us Go" by Holiday Flyer, and maybe especially "Nobody Follow Me", the track. This is the album that she had on repeat when she was found. Most of my questions "How could she do this?" is answered through this album, but of course some still remain.

**The year is 1999**, the photo albums are filled with sunny days and good memories of that year, and the years past. The beautiful brunette lived in an apartment complex in the centre of Oslo, Norway. Her off-and-on romance and forever best friend (and forever mine too) was living just across the hall, and several of her other friends lived somewhere along the staircase or barely 50 metres away. She was 21 years old, like I am now. In a few months I'm older than her. A week in advance she sent me away to my grandmother, with barely anything. She slaps the guy across the hall as he's wanting to go to sleep after a night out, instead of visiting her. She begged her girlfriend, in this really desperate way, if she could sleep over. No, she couldn't. Her friend had exams and so.. yeah my mother was alone. 

She was apparently this bright dramaqueen that did the sort of shit like putting her speakers against the wall to annoy him, so he couldn't sleep. As he said to me yesterday when he told of the story, "I always manage to sleep." She put on the album You Make Us Go, on maximum volume. And bear in mind, everyone said that's the least they had expected.. what she did. Anyhow, the apartment was maybe 40 square metres in the living area, and the kitchen table was right outside my room. My room was colored blue, and I had all these little trucks and cars over my bed, as well as other animal toys like sharks that squeaked.

When he woke up, the music was still playing at maximum volume. "That's when I knew something was wrong," he told me. He knocked on her door, no reply, and it was locked. He woke up the other friends, and they went to cut the power so that damned music would stop. When they got back up, he tried to call her cellphone. They could hear it ring through the door. They knocked and probably yelled, but only silence. Then they called the landlord who had a key to the door. Our friend (the man in the story) didn't dare go into the apartment when the landlord came to open the door. He went a few steps down the stairs, and the landlord and two other friends went in. He described then a scream he hadn't heard before in his life. And the landlord stepped out and made that motion as he was about to throw up. 

There she was. In my blue room with all my toys. My bed. She was in this little small space in the room where you could store things, you could barely stand. Her knees touching the floor. The belt was attached to the ceiling, tightly wrapped below her jaw. Lifeless and cold. That warm, shining woman who made everyone smile and was so full of life, hanged herself while her 3 year old baby was away for the holiday with their grandmother.

He had received a lot of voicemails from her that night. She was desperate, begging him to answer the phone although it was off.. What if he answered..

I tried to kill myself when I was 14 years old. I have wide, and deep horizontal cuts and some long vertical cuts. When I got cold and short-breathed I panicked and called my foster mother and I never tried it since. When I heard of the context yesterday, I decided just to test how hanging from a belt would be. It didn't take many seconds before I noticed my heart beating fast and it got blurry. There is something very terrible about me picturing her hanging in a simple suspension in my bed room, on her knees, at any second she could have stood up and just say "Fuck this, just another day. What about my baby boy?" 

I don't know what to do. I'd have killed myself right now if it wasn't for my girlfriend of 4 years, and my grandmother who I promised I would never, ever kill myself. But I'm not sure if I give a fuck any more. I'm thinking this way, while at the same time asking myself how she could do it without thinking of me. How I would end up. Because my life has ended up pretty fucking bad. I'm pretty irrational right now. I asked for the date she killed herself, I think it's in September but I'm waiting for confirmation (Edit: It was 13.11.1999). I'm considering doing it on the same date, in the same way. It didn't feel so bad when I tried it, I've endured worse. And if she crossed the line, I can do it to. I don't know what to fucking say. I'm just having the album on repeat all day long. I've only said two words since I heard the story "No," and "I want to be alone." I want to visit her grave in my hometown. She's the only one in the graveyard with a picture of her face on it. Maybe I'll do it there. I don't know, help me out. I want to live but I don't want to. I've never ever felt so grey and withered in my life, and I've had some pretty heavy depressive episodes. She could've just stood up, fucking hell.