I'm Losing My MindI'm angry, very angry.

Today my sister practically told me that I'm useless, that at my age I should be successful and well enough established financially. She then had the fucking gall to tell me that she wouldn't be where I am right now when she got to my age, and that she was disappointed in me.

Yeah? Well did you forget about the last 20 fucking years? The years when Dad was unstable? When we had that violent piece of shit of a brother hanging around making everyone miserable? Did you forget how 16 years ago I took a course I didn't want just so I could finish college ASAP, find a fucking job ASAP, and for the next 12 years slave away to support our fucking family?

Where the hell do you think most of my money went, you inconsiderate, piece of shit bitch?! Don't you remember when Dad wasn't working, and I had to dump NEARLY EVERY SINGLE SHRED OF MONEY I HAVE TOWARDS THE FAMILY? Everything from the tiny house we rented, to the utilities, the groceries, EVERYTHING! I sacrificed my childhood, my personal life, my SOUL just so we can try to land without breaking our fucking feet, and now that we have, now that I actually quit my shitty ass job of 12 years so I can help Dad with his I'M A DISAPPOINTMENT?

FUCK YOU. Fuck you and God, I wish I didn't dote so much on your sorry ungrateful ass. You don't know about how I had to deal with anxiety, depression, frustration, and anger all on my own. You don't know how many times I fought down the times my mind went dark and demanded I blow my brains out. You have no idea how close I was to breaking so many times, during each fucking tragedy that erupted whenever either Dad or that asshole brother of ours decided to go mental.

Yeah, yeah you go enjoy the education I helped secure for you. You enjoy the fucking writing career you now have. Don't fucking tell me you hate it, bitch. I was in a call center for years. YEARS! You go work in one of those for a fucking decade and then tell me how much writing on your fucking laptop while sitting on your bed sucks.

I'm angry, and I'm tired. And nobody knows this, but I have a gun. Really, I do.

I don't want to, but I'm just so worn out. Today was the final straw, and I'm just so tired of being strong, of holding it all in and keeping it together. A bullet to the brain sounds nicer than enduring another moment seeing how much of my life I threw away, apparently for fucking nothing....