SucideHonest opinions please. Don't worry about hurting me. My school( principal, vice principal and 2 counsellors) knows this about me. I was raped moved countries as a refugee. They do not know explicit details of what I endured though. Currently I have a job, very involved but have wanted to commit sucide several times and told them each time about it in which they always call the police but I still keep telling them when I feel sucidal I don't know why. My sucidal thoughts reduced from December( after I came out of the  hospital) till about April.The school was finally happy that I was feeling better. But then the sucidal thoughts came back.  It was so strong that I wrote letters to people applologizing for every wrong including one teacher. That week was bad for me and people said some bad stuff about me. Mind you I am 18.  I felt it was immature now and I should not  done that. Isn't that immature for an 18 year old to be feeling so bad cause people said things they didn't like? .one of the people that I felt said a bad thing bout me really only said how I needed to improve and do better on the environment club team( one of the school clubs I am in)isn't that immature?  I  feel so stupid because the school called the cops again after hearing about the letters and seeing the one from the teacher. Another person I confided in was my pastor, and she came to school and told them she was worried. The last person was my counsellor in which I suddenly wrote a letter and stopped seeing that week. And now the school knows that I am still not better but just pretending. The principal also once found razor blades that fell out of my purse and knows I am cutting. I applied for a perseverance award as I am in grade 12 but now am regretting it because I have been thinking of sucide all through this year and I probably would have given up on life if it weren't cause of them. I am doing well in my studies, involved with school and community but still think of ending my life. What do you think, should I have applied? What do they think of me? That I am week. I mean I feel like I am meant to be grateful for even being here in Canada, and not trying to kill myself. There are people who have probably suffered more and longer than me but they deal with life. I feel like a wimp, am I just too weak? Have I really persevered? I will be dead if not for the school. I would have given up on life. I am ending the school year on a bad note. I have only been in this school for a year but have caused so much harm by telling them I was sucidal and taken to the hospital 4 times. Shouldn't I be better? I have a lot of people who care about me, I see a pscologist but still feel sucidal. The school has tried a lot for me and I should just stop being a baby and stop thinking about sucide. I should concentarate on the present and not past. I am weak. I thought I was strong but I am not. Everyone has done all they can but I still think of sucide up till now. Some people do not even recieve all this help. I should be better right? Have I really percivevrred? Should I withdraw from this award because if I do win and get called on stage on graduation day It will be awkward and seem like I lied on my application because the people who really know me know how many times think of sucide even uptil the end of grade 12.