LonelyMy whole life I just have felt so lonely. I have had my lovers, my family, even got committed for 5 years. But no matter what I do I feel lonely. There was only one person who cut through to me but sadly she has passed. Someone is close to cutting through to me again and I don't know if I can handle losing them too. They are as suicidal and depressed as I am, and I know I cannot protect them. Just so scared... I deal with ptsd, depression, anxiety. I don't think I can handle losing another person but I don't want to feel like I'm lonely. I'm only 24 years old, but I've seen death. I have dealt with the tortures of life people wish to not shed light on, like rape and molestation. I dealt with that from ages 4 to 12. 8 years. I guess that's why I feel so lonely. I had to cut people out cause I don't trust. I have been raised that way. I have been beaten and stabbed by previous partners, as well as one trying to kill me when I was 18. That nearly destroyed me. My best friend before she passed was the only person who kept me on my feet. Few years later I'm still keeping myself on my feet, but I have been admitted recently for wanting to kill myself. My bf.... He didn't even visit me when I was admitted. Talked to him once the whole time I was there. Only his mother visited. She is very close to me, but I am falling for this other man. He feels what I feel. He understands what it feels like. He is there for me. He helps me calm down from attacks. But I'm scared to let him in cause I can't take losing another person I love so much. I just don't know what to think. I just need someone to talk to. But I'm too scared to even leave my room. I hate people. So many have proven I can't trust. I don't plan on killing myself. I know many would be sad. But doesn't mean the thoughts aren't there. And this man is the only one who makes those thoughts go on the back burner. Maybe it's puppy love. But I have known him for a year. I mother him. I protect him. I don't want to see him kill himself, but every week I hear him saying he wants to die. And that kills me and makes me pull away. But I still am there for him. 

I just don't know what to do I'm so conflicted and it's making me angry and sad.