My brother is hiding from his problems and its only making them worse, I dont know how long he's given himselfMy brother is a senior in high school, and has missed quite a few days from being "sick" of school. He wont admit that he's not actually sick at the time, but when he was feeling confident he let up that he does indeed fabricate symptoms to stay home.

He absolutely despises school, the academic aspsect he's cool with, and never has trouble understanding any of the material. He nearly aces all the tests and yet fails the majority of his classes due to not doing the homework.

I was the exact same. I would get sick of school and miss a day to avoid having to see the obnoxious dickwads that walk the halls. No one in particular I was just sick of it all. My senior year was the closest Ive been to ending it all. A friend online helped me out of it, but I felt so powerless when I told him. I barely passed high school, just scraping by with enough credits to graduate. I never had any trouble with the material, but I never did homework, so I failed most classes. At the end, I don't think I made it one full week without an absense to being "sick."

Our family has a lot of trouble with depression, our dad has severe bipolar depression, and is on a lot of meds for it, our mom also suffers, but is not bipolar. Both are highly regligous, my my brother and I are not so. Though it helps that my parents understand that religon is a personal solution that is came to on a individual basis, which is fortunate.

Recently my brother has been told that he'll have to drop one of his favorite classes if he misses any more days, due to an attendence requirement from the college thats doing the dual credit program. He immedatelty shared this in a lighthearted way with the family and said "you'd better not get me sick." He got "sick" at one AM the next morning. He said he was feeling dizzy. He emailed his teacher and she was understanding, saying that if does the work he'll be fine. He hasn't made it to school since last wednesday. But he felt ok enough to make it out of the house on the weekend to see a movie. 

I'm assuming that he isnt actually sick in the normal sense, and that he wants to feel sick, so he does. He's either making up symptoms to stay home, or they're coming from anxiety.

I'm worried that he's resolved to not go back to school, either by staying sick indefinately, or by ending things. Each morning, I'm wondering if he's still there. 

Our family has a problem with talking about our feelings to each other, at least my brother and I. For me, its physically hard to talk about my feelings to anyone I know on any level. I had a therapist that my mom took me to a few times, and I found it was incredibly difficult to say anything to him. It mad it really awkward, so I stopped going. When I try to talk to my brother about anything serious, he ends up deciding I'm being "annoying" and says "shut the fuck up, you're being onboxious right now." Normally we have a lot in common, and I consider him to be my best friend, however I'm still a big brother and I can't tell when I'm being overbearing, and considering how easy I clam up, I can understand him shutting me out. 

There are guns in the house, he knows where they are and how to use them. I havent heard him say any about being sick of being alive, but I don't think he would to me.

He needs to know that I care about him. He also needs to know that the problems that are stressing him out are only going to get worse in he hides from them. The longer he hides, the more he's not going to want to stop hiding.

He has a few things I believe that keep him going. He loves metal, and were going to go see his favorite band in december. Robotics, he loves robotics and machining, he's currently the most experienced on the robotics team and it seems to be one of the only things that he leaves the house for. His girlfriend, she's great for him and they have a lot in common and I can see them lasting a long time together.

What do I do? My family isnt in the strongest state emotionally, and if one of us goes, more are sure to follow.