How in the fucking Christ do I even begin.I'll try and keep it simple. I was born to 2 people who shouldn't have been together having kids. My father was a severe alcoholic. For 13 years I spent roughly 8-12 hrs a week with him while he was drunk. He would spend this time describing in detail why I was terrible. Ever mistake I had made that week in hockey. How incredibly useless I was. Night after night. As he drank more he would get angrier. Things would eventually get violent as he took advantage of inflicting pain upon a child. He would hold me down and press his thumbs into pressure points on my body until my mind went white with pain. I could feel nothing else but a numb white pain. I couldn't think, I've never experienced something so pure as that again. Almost purgatory, thoughts, nothing and pain.

This had severe effects upon my social skills. I remember the unyielding fear I had the first day of school. I've always been petrified of social contact. I was bad at socializing. My parents allowed me to dress myself and choose my haircuts. I had a shaved head and bangs to my chin, I was a 220lbs 13 year old. Kids had been exceptionally cruel to me and I went home most elementary school days crying about someone teasing me. It was constant fucking hell. I had 3 siblings. I was the oldest male and got most of my moral guidance from final fantasy (yep that's fucked up right?). So I believed it was my duty as first born male to take up my fathers role and care for my family. I lived for them (I'm no saint, I made them pay tribute at times. I got angry and would take luxuries for myself. Although it was never anything awful). Still they didn't have to endure the hours of torment if I was around. The moment I heard him begin I would be filled with rage that he was daring to touch their minds or their bodies. I would fly out of my room ready to die if I had to. I still know what it feels like to look up at a man you know you have no chance at and punch your little chubby fist as hard as you can because you have to do something or they are going to die.

At age 11 I attempted suicide, I didn't understand how and failed. After that I had to face that I couldn't even kill myself. I wallowed in depression. I would play video games and dream. I was what everyone thought I was. Some dirty stupid white trash hillbilly with more heart then sense. So fucked up from my past I don't understand how to be a fucking person. No one fucking understands this and has been telling me for a quarter century that I'm OK. I'm not fucking ok. I tried to kill myself and have attempted to kill other people (not since I was 13 mind you). I have had experiences that no one I've ever talked to understands. I've carried this my entire fucking life. I've worked so god damn fucking hard to be fucking normal. I lost 120lbs, I graduated college. Worked every fucking day at being a better person. Being someone that someone could possibly find value with.

Here I am laid off twice because people fucking terrify me. I am so scared of rejection and having to face my mind when I embarrass myself. It's so stupid! Who fucking gets debilitated by embarrassment, it's fucking pathetic. I know this is all because I'm fucked up. I can't see myself as human. I can't picture myself in my own mind. I can't draw a picture of myself. When I killed myself I killed my sense of self. Since then anything that I like I have to hide from people. If someone so much as giggles at something and they know I like it then it's ruined forever for me. Not because I don't like it but the feeling of embarrassment is so strong I can no longer enjoy it. Again as I type these words I understand just how fucking pathetic that sounds and the self loathing I'm consumed with is just so intense.

After being laid off the first time I've been reviewing my life. I'm finding everything in my life is just some stupid facade that I thought was what you were supposed to do. I was just some dumb fucking redneck abused idiot. I tried to get a house, wife, career, car, etc. Make it you know? Then maybe I could finally fucking be ok. Maybe I could finally have some friends and stop going through this world a thousand miles from everyone. Prove that I was at least able to pay my fucking taxes and not be some goddamn creatin.

So the house? Who the fuck wants to own a house. It's bullshit. The mortgage is a terrible investment and it's tied me to a location I hate. Everyone told me though it was a good fucking idea! The career? Filled with the exact same vapid thoughtless fucking people I have been unable to relate to my whole life. I'm sorry I don't seem so enthusiastic about our little pow wow. I know just how fucking stupid this is. Every day while you fucking people are talking I'm thinking. I'm watching. I used to wonder why everyone just seemed to ignore so many things in a conversation. Turns out my fucking OCPD goddamn mind has fixated on the problem so hard it's learned the meta of conversation so fucking well I can't have a conversation because I know exactly what people want to hear and conform to them. It's how I get by I turned into the mirror fucking image of your average citizen.

I hate it! I hate it! I fucking hate it! It wasn't fucking worth all of the pain. That life?! FUCKING BULLSHIT! My pot of gold. My supposed reward for putting up with so much shit and pulling myself up by the fucking boot straps. Not worth it. The job is stupid and pointless. I was making 50K out of school it was good money but every moment was tedium beyond measure. So the fucking car was there only to support the job. The job was there to support the wife, car, and house. The house was there because I got fucking conned into buying it. There wife was there to take my fucking money and fuck everyone.

And I still fucking love her. She could get me to do anything right now. I would have to do it. MMMM doesn't that knowledge give me oodles of self respect. How do I possible look at that person and go. Oh boy I can't wait to wake up as him tomorrow! Then you get this vapid syrupy bullshit about living for other people. I've been doing it all my fucking life and I feel like a slave to your precious feelings. If it's so fucking selfish to kill myself then why does it seem like no one really cares that I'm here.

Let the bleeding fucking hearts pour. Your sympathies are so fucking late. I haven't heard any that help. See I realize that Surviving what I did has made me incredibly capable. I'm either fucking retarded or a genius. The difference is whether or not I can do anything with this train wreck of a fucking life. Maybe I don't like those fucking options. Why do I have to work 100x as hard to get just a bit of respect. I survived, I hung on and I'm working at it stop fucking kicking me I'm fucking trying jesus I'm pathetic I'm sorry I'm sorry just give me some space and let me keep trying fuck.

But no I have to live in a society that fucking demands I deal with that shit on my dime. Oh and I better now expect any hand outs. Fuck those options. Fuck your stupid fucking society. I tried I did. You all told me to hold on but for fucking what. So you can all parade in front of me mocking me for not fucking getting it. Fine fuck then I will continue waiting out my fucking days until I am finally angry enough to do it. I'm so tired just let it end.