absolute zero pointI've been a long time reader of this sub and recently made an account to add a post to it. 
I've been in and out of morbid depression episodes since I was very, very young. Never had any hope for the future and honestly never wanted anything out of life other than immediate distractions and easy copes. Just filled the day with whatever could numb me enough till I could sleep again. 
I'm at the point where I have given up on all the help my family and friends are offering to me. No amount of love, support, or encouragement to find joy in life has ever truly fulfilled me or even lead me to a point where I want to make life fulfilling for myself. I don't care anymore. I just want to drink and drug my life away. Tomorrow, my mother will drive me to a park I've picked out and leave me with enough cash to buy some booze. After that, I promised her I would never bother her again. She, along with my father and sister, is absolutely brokenhearted but understands and is willing to let me go. I have had an amazing childhood full of opportunities and forgiveness, and yet I feel no happiness or relief from anything I've been given. Just guilt and regret. I want to die but I'm terrified of there being an afterlife, or a punishment. So I drink and drug and run away from everything like I've done my whole life. I'm so ashamed and feel so horrible for doing this to my family but I can't take another day of being sober and empty, no matter how much people do to comfort me. I'm a selfish, destructive, and stupid person who is without a doubt wasting one of the most beautiful gifts someone can be given in this miserable world. I'm so scared. But I just know I don't ever want to let go of my addictions, they are the only thing I have worth living for. To make me feel okay again, to look forward to. I found one thing in my life worth living for and I'm throwing away everything good and right for it. I wanna die, I just want this all to be over. I can't take another year of hurting everyone around me and knowing I'll never want to change. God, I just want to stop existing right this very second.
Thank you for letting me open up here, I hope all of you are making it through in your own ways.