Can someone help? I just want to run away and disappear and I just might do it tonight...I am in that mindset again, of escaping.  I kind of just want to quit school, learn stuff on my own.  Learn to dumpster dive better, try to support myself somehow, work on what I want.  I don't know what to do.  

I failed 2/3 classes in the first period because I stressed out on essays / presentations and didn't do them.  Now there is a group project where the drafts for the plan are due on Thursday, and my partner wants to get something done by tomorrow (even though I feel our subject is somewhat vague, idk).  I just wanna grab my stuff and all my layerings and escape into the night for a while, maybe come back in a week... then I would surely fail my classes again.  But I don't know if I care, I don't want to do this.  It gets to the point where I just don't care about doing it, don't care for putting up with the stress when I could just not do it.

I used to really think the world was a dream that I could awake from -- a sort of solipsistic idea. I tried to escape before (suicide attempt a couple years back).  I used to think that maybe I could escape to / re-create a new consciousness that was perfect, a 'heaven' of sorts.  But now I have talked recently to a friend about stuff like this and she was talking about how a 'perfect' world could never be, that it would just become normal and I would seek something.  This makes sense.  But surely there are happier worlds, realities where I am 'happy' more than I am 'sad.'  

I know this isn't organized, and I have written more about this before, but I can't seem to care to write it all out again, it always come back, I always feel down again.  Life is so much a sense of ups-and-downs: sometimes I am having a lot of fun and on top of the world (just danced all night at a party a couple days ago) but then it comes down again and I just wanna get out.  It doesn't help that I don't know who to say this to sometimes, you never know if you are burdening someone, or how much is okay to tell someone.  It's probably not fair to unload all of this everytime I feel stuck.

I don't know what to say anymore... my mind is racing and I am feeling trapped.