Dad says if I act out in school again he won’t let me come home [TW: rape]I don’t know what to do. I’ve been suicidal on and off for the past five years, and I’m only 17, almost 18. Yesterday I had a bad anxiety attack over a friend possibly having the coronavirus (he didn’t). I wanted to hurt myself so badly. I went to the hospital, and when I found out I literally lost my mind. I’ve had a few traumatic experiences in hospitals; I once was so disoriented I forgot who I was and was screaming at nurses to tell me who I am; and another time I spent six days without sunlight and cried nearly constantly, both out of uncertainty as to when I would leave, and out of not being able to see my grandmother who is my favorite person. 

My dad is emotionally abusive/neglectful. He blames all my problems on me not controlling myself or not meditating. I never learned how to control my emotions, and it takes so much energy to try I’d rather just let them out. Lately I’ve been noticing he is very miserable and he talks down to me a lot more than usual. Controlling me, lying about me to my own face. I can’t win with him.

Anyway, I asked for a ride in a cop car to the hospital. I was crying the whole time and I wanted the officers to shoot me or rape me. It felt so good when they patted me down because they were so close to groping my crotch and butt. 

While in the hospital I was very calm. I asked to stay alone with the people in the waiting room. Talking to the doctor felt nice. All in all I was there for about three hours.

I had an appointment with my psychiatrist earlier this morning. He changed my seroquel dose from 400mg to 600mg. I’m pretty sure it won’t do anything other than making me fat and tired.

Just an hour ago I overheard my dad talking to my grandmother. He said if I act out again in school, he’ll send me to the hospital and he won’t let me come home. He doesn’t understand that I’m literally at my breaking point when it comes to school. The staff won’t leave me alone, even if I so much as walk out of the room to take a drink. One of their rules is that a staff member has to be watching you at all times. Sometimes I just need to be alone so I can get away from all the demands being shoved down my throat. And they repeat the same things over and over again “appropriate language,” “you can’t do that,” “that’s not an option,” I’m so sick and tired of kissing ass to people whose asses don’t need to be kissed.