I feel worse as time goes onI feel like throwing away everything I have so I could live on the streets or in a forest. I know that sounds inconsiderate because there are people out there looking to get off the street, I just need to lose myself and change the way I live. I hate my life, always have. Spend most of my nights wide awake not being able to sleep just thinking of ways to kill myself. I don’t know what is wrong with me, it’s like cancer and I cannot seem to get rid of these feelings I have. I’ve slept in apartment hallways before, I should have no problem living out there but I’m afraid that I’ll end up on drugs like I used to be. Sounds silly right? I’m literally suicidal why would I care? I’m not rich... and when I dont have any drugs I’d feel worse than I already do. I’ve also been clean for a couple years, other than pot and alcohol. I quit smoking cigarettes too, I’m sure as soon as I hit the streets I’ll be smoking again unfortunately. The real killer is my mind though... I feel as if I was born to die, whatever I have that is good usually turns to shit, and it’s my own fault most of the time. I tend to fuck everything up, and when I say everything, I mean the whole bottle of it, every last drop.
I’m really hard on myself, I feel like I could’ve been better and should’ve done things differently. My whole life is full of regret, and not a day goes by without me dwelling on all the mistakes I’ve made. I do not sleep, I’ve gone days without it. I don’t believe in a god or a devil but I feel like when I’m alone, they smother me, So sleep is out of the question. One thing I love to do is writing, I consider myself not very smart compared to others, but writing helps me find myself. Without it I’d put a gun to my head by now, with all these thoughts I have. I love everybody but unfortunately I’m a bastard, I’ve done pretty shitty things in my life time. This isn’t a confession or church so I’ll keep that to myself. I just hate who I’ve become. I don’t think I’ll make it to 30... let alone 25.