Can't do it anymore for reasons that I can't even explain properlyIt just feels like everything is wrong. I've been struggling since I was 9; I'm 20 now. I've been seeing therapists and psychiatrists since I was 9. Yet here I am, and nothing has changed. Yeah, you can argue that I'm still "alive" but this is really the end. I'm no longer young enough for the youth inpatient units, the units I spent the majority of my adolescence on. When I turned 18 I was admitted to an adult ward, and it was the worst experience of my life. I haven't gone back since. And I've got therapists now, and I'm in a DBT group; I've got a whole team of people following me. And they're all fantastic people... so why is this happening? 

I'm going into my second year of university (I took a year off after HS) and I'm not excited for it. I'm a psych major. I've wanted to take psych for as long as I can remember. But it brings me no joy now, not even a little. I also lost my entrance scholarship for this year: I needed an average of min. 10.0/12.0 but I finished last year with a 9.6... I'm just a big failure. 

My mother hates me, my dad is too stressed to see what's going on, my brother doesn't seem to care about anyone but himself and my sister is an unpredictable person and I can't rely on her.

I have a plan, I have a date, everything. I've attempted before but it always felt like a, for lack of a better term, "cry for help" but now... something feels different. I just can't do this anymore. I'm going to kill myself.  

I know it seems like I've listed off reasons, but it feels like there is just... something. There is just something that I can't turn off and it's telling me that it's time. People say "it gets better" but I don't want the "better." Honestly, I feel like even if I knew I'd have a good life in the future, I wouldn't want it. I don't want to deal with the every day turmoils that come with living. I didn't ask to be here, why should I have to go through the motions? 

Anyways, thanks for reading. I just needed to say it. 