I feel my life is worthless... I need some help/adviseThis is my first time asking for help. I can't really talk about this with my parents because they say that I am stupid of having depression, that I don't have any real problem to worry about, etc.
I might make some mistakes since my native language is not english...

I am a 22 year old girl living with my parents and studying my last year of university degree. For the last 11 years of my life I didn't have any real friends. My only friends are my parents ( whom I love with all my heart). Why is that so you might ask?
When I was 10 years old I was pretty outgoing child and it wasn't hard for me to make friends. But then my parents moved from our country ( Russia) to Spain because of economical reasons. I didn't know spanish then and I couldn't communicate with anyone. The loneliness that I felt I "cured" by watching TV, surfing on the Internet, playing games. By the time I learnt spanish, I just didn't have anything in common to talk with my classmates (no one was interested in what I liked) and during that time I became very unsociable and introverted. So the only thing that cheered me were my parents and that I was doing pretty well at studying. This is how I lived until today, no friends, I only eat, play gamess, read and study. I am fat (30 kg more than I should weight) and I am ugly. Some people would advise to lose weight and all that stuff. I did that, for 4 years I went to gym, I was putting makeup I was trying to talk with people, I was wearing beautiful clothes but still I was ignored by other people and I couldn't find any real topic to talk about. I didn't feel like exercising and putting makeup on anymore so I left it and gained weight one more time. Why try so hard if I am still lonely either way?
Also lately I am likely to fail some subjects in university That is huge for me since my family is poor and also that hit me hard and selfesteem went downhill. My parents are angry with me because of that.I can't find any job since in Spain the unemployment is so high + they'd rather employ a spanish person than me.i feel so stressed. For the last 2 years every day I am thinking of suiciding and how useless is my life now and, likely, will be in the future. I was thinking of my future, I will get a well payed job after finishing my studies, I will buy anything I want, maybe there will be a lot of happy moments. But no, it won't change anything. I will have to work all my life, I won't have a boyfriend, no first kiss, I won't have friends only acquitances... I am starting to lose interest in even trying things, trying to go out and trying to make friends. Every time I see other people that I know being so happy, travelling with their friends, always so sociable I feel so worthless and inferior that I don't want to continue being so miserable. I don't want to think of suicide every day, I want to stop crying almost every day when no one sees me, stop being so depressed but I just don't kniw antmore what to do...
I don't think this life is worth living the way it is... 
Sorry if this was hard to read, I am very bad at expressing myself