I want to opt out. I didn't fucking ask to be born.I'm tired of this shit. I'm a 26-year-old woman and I'm a fucking loser. 

I'm massively in debt and I'll never be able to repay it. I have no skills, no education, no motivation. I've been working minimum wage jobs since I was 16. I had to move back in with my parents who I can't stand; they're actually alright people but they have undiagnosed mental health issues and my dad thinks my depression and anxiety is a bunch of bullshit and that I use it as an excuse to be lazy. They're retired and have very little money, and I'm a huge financial burden on them. 

I am lazy as shit. I cant even put my clothes away, my room and my previous apartment are fucking messes. I'd rather lie down and stare at the wall. 

I have a fuckbuddy who I have feelings for, but I know he doesn't really care about me. He talks to me enough to keep me on the back burner so he can get his dick wet when he wants. I mean, he's actually a nice person, but he's a little younger and I've been around enough to know when someone genuinely cares about me or not. So he wants to fuck, and I oblige, because I have very few people I can talk to and at least I can have some real human contact when I'm with him. 

I can't afford to move out, because my shitty retail job only gives me 25 hours a week and even if I were to land an interview doing something worthwhile, I'd probably end up skipping it or fuck up badly during it. I just don't care about myself. I want to care about myself. But I don't. 

I want to die but I'm too chicken shit. Scared of plunging into eternal oblivion. Scared of the pain. Kinda feel guilty about how it would affect my parents, and my sister and a couple of my "friends" I guess. I don't know. 

When I do it though, I wouldn't want my parents to find me, they don't need that shit. Maybe jump in front of the subway or something. I don't know. I just hope I get the balls to do it soon.i can't take this shit anymore. I don't like life. 