Second post.I've been having suicidal thoughts for many years now. (About seven years now.) My parents know, my counselor knows, my doctor knows. Everyone knows. But...nothing helps. Lately, it seems, I have been bashed by everyone I talk to. 

First, my mom. She yells at me because my grades are slipping because I'm suicidal because she yells at me because my grades are slipping because I'm suicidal...you get what I'm saying. It's all a cycle. She's not handling this well at all. She's obsessing over my grades like I'm fucking dying or something. Every day, after school, I get in the car with her and she cries. She yells at me and cries. I say, "Hi, mom. How was your day?" and she just points out something I did wrong that day. I can't seem to do anything to please her. 

This may seem selfish but, I don't have my phone-my dad took it away because of bullying-and I now have barely any contact with anyone. My phone really helped me live. I could call or text te suicide hotline. I could call/text my boyfriend the whole day. I could call my friend and have her come over or go over to her house. I could see when my mom was here to Pick me up. I could call my mom or dad if there was an emergency. But now I can't do any of that. 
(That really sounded selfish, I'm sorry.)

Then there's school. I go to a great school, okay? It's an art magnet high school and I get to do what I love half of the day. The people and some of the teachers are what I have a problem with. The kids like to start shit with anyone they can. I've been punched, slapped, verbally hurt, and even had something thrown at my face. (I should mention I'm a small girl and all these people that pick on me are big guys.)  I almost left the school of my dreams because of that.

I have a boyfriend. We've been together for half a year now. He's suicidal, too. He's adopted and was beaten by his biological parents until he was adopted by his lesbian mother. I have no problem with any of the baggage he has and he has no problem with mine. We live 45 minutes away from each other and get to see each other rarely once a month. Lately, we've been getting in fights despite the fact that I am getting yelled at by everyone. He knows I've been going through a rough time, too. 

I never get a break from anyone. If you look at my previous post(s), you'll see my family's history. Everyone in my family has depression. Dad has manic depressive bipolar disorder, he's a heroin addict, and was recently put in jail. (He's out now.) 

I know my problems are minor and I have a lot of years ahead of me, but I'm breaking at the seams. I don't know how long I can do this.

I'm not asking for pity. I need to know what to do.