I'm sick of feeling this wayI'm pretty sure I have pcos and my family denies it. I have a shot ton of body hair and it makes me want to kill myself. I've had suicidal thoughts for two months now. I'm sick of waking up feeling disgusting and I'm sick of not being normal. Every other girl in my school is pretty and normal and not hairy and disgusting like me. Why did God sleep on me? Why did i have to be born? I'm so ready to just end it. Idc if im only 15 and have the test rest of my life ahead of me or whatever bullshit. I can't take it anymore. I know killing myself over body uair is stupid but I feel fucking awful. I hate myself so much. Why why why. Please if there's a God out there just kill me. I don't care if my family loves me or my friends i know that's selfish but I don't fucking care. I just want the pain to stop. Everyone is better off without me. I used to be such a cute, happy girl. Now all I do is think of the quickest way out. I'm probably just gonna kill myself once the school year ends. The body and facial hair is just going to get worse and I can't handle it. I can't handle being disgusting anymore I just can't. I'm sick of waking up feeling like this. I'm sick of crying everytime I look at myself. I'm sick of being me. I'm eventually gonna break anyway. I'm so fucking done. I have nothing left in me anymore. I've already written a suicide note for when I do it. I don't know how I'll do it but I'll find a way. 



FUCK this. I'm not just gonna sit here and look at myself become a disgusting hairy monster. I'm not gonna sit here and feel terrible everyday for the rest of my life. I'm not going to try and get treatment for pcos because 70 percent of the time the treatments don't do anything. It's hopeless. I have no hope left. I'm literally writing this in English class next to my best friends. I'll hang out with them for the rest of the year and then I'm done. They don't have to know what happened. I'll just tell them I have to move to a different state.


Thank you to the people who have listened but there's no light at the end of the tunnel.