This is my little rant.I'm in my late twenties. A lot of people who get to know me or hear my "story" (not that interesting tbh) are surprised to see how I turned out. 
My childhood wasn't rough as such, I rarely went to bed scared or in need of anything, but a lot of unfortunate events made my life take a harsh turn.
My parents were both addicts, but functioning for the most part. I learnt later that my mom was deeply depressed, and my dad battled hep C since before I was born. They were divorced when I was around 6 and my mom took her drinking to another level. She "kidnapped" me (as my dad had custody at the time) to stay with relatives in the other end of the country.
I lost very close relatives and friends to illnesses and accidents growing up. I was assaulted when I was a very young girl.

 All of these things I somehow managed to move past. Got through school and went to study humanities at uni until I had to drop out.
I recently figured out that I wanted something entirely else for my future, something that will require a lot of time and work and that no degree will help me with. I felt confident that I could do it.
But for the past few years I've felt the walls crumble. I never hid the things that happened to me, on the contrary I've seen a few therapists cause I do believe that talking about things make it easier to handle. And I thought it went well..
But... things started going wrong. I'm not able to explain it properly cause I wouldn't know where to start in my current state. But cause of all of what has happened, I am now considered homeless. I have a bed to sleep in and I get to eat. But I have no home. I don't have my belongings. And I'm looking at a bill that would take me years to pay fully.

Last year. I got together with my current boyfriend. He saw me go through the hardest break up of my life, he stayed by me as a friend. He was my rock and my best friend. I fell in love with him, but I kept him at a distance romantically cause I knew he had liked me for about a year at that point and I didn't want to risk using him as a rebound. And I didn't. In the end it was genuine. It is genuine. And he's hands down the best thing that ever happened to me, he's the best person that I know.

He's strong, kind and selfless. I always thought he deserved better than me and he always told me that I'm all that he needs.
He worked hard and ended up with a great degree and landed an awesome job that has opened up a lot of possibilities for him. 
Because of my current state and situation, I feel I am dragging him down. He is starting this amazing life and I've hit rock bottom. For the past 6 months it's been one thing after another, I've shared everything with him and he's tried to help to the best of his ability. But his job is taking up most of his time, and I feel awful that when he has free time he has to deal with me and my issues.  I'm not happy or bubbly anymore.
I stood and looked myself in the mirror this morning and I thought, "man, I wish I didn't exist"
I want my SO to be happy and he deserves better than me.
I don't want to burden him. Not emotionally. And not financially. But it's what I'm doing. And he shouldn't have to suffer or pay for my mistakes and shortcomings.
The rational part of me is telling me that it's best if I weren't here. The emotional part is reminding me how great life can be. 

?????
I'm just a little scared and I needed to vent.