Tunnel VisionOn tunnel vision: If I had a gun right now, I might blow my brains out. Why won’t I kill myself, maybe because I don’t have a gun? I tunnel vision on getting all my energy on my lugia. I tunnel vision on taking my opponent’s rook, instead of seeing the more valuable knight takedown 8 spaces over. I tunnel vision on nykthosing for big mana. I tunnel vision getting the kill over staying alive to farm mid lane.  I could kill myself with hundreds of methods, and yet the gun is the only one I’m fixated on. It’s not like the gun is more appealing. It’s certain, almost, and maybe painless. But there are other ways to do it. I tunnel vision on the gun, always. Fantasies of suicide ride on the back of a gun, not rope, pills, or high places. It feels less poetic, and maybe it is, but that’s my tunnel. I may not be killing myself for other reasons, in fact I think I know I’m not, but the decision is a lot easier without a gun in my closet. I should probably never buy a gun. I don’t want to kill myself, it’s too scary. This is it, and the movie may suck, but that’s all there is. It’s nice to point out cute metaphors for living and not killing yourself. But death is almost unfathomable. People like to say “It’s just like you were before you were born.” Well, that’s fucking terrifying. You know what was before I was born? Fucking nothing. It’s not like sleeping, I can’t grasp it. Why not live. I can find simple things to live for. I knew this was coming. Sean knew it was coming. Fucking faith? That’s all I fucking need. I’ve been down this hole before, so why not have faith that I’ll get out of the next hole? There is this fantastic fixation that I need a women. This isn’t to say I would rather be gay. But like, I want someone to accept me, not tolerate me. Why is there so much emphasis on a woman, on love? Can I be with an unfulfilling woman and get what I need through friends? Maybe it’s the time exposure. I’m expected to spend more time and company with one who fucks me, so It makes sense that they need to be perfect (or the one, not literal perfection). And it’s more than sex. There are intimate moments. Moments of triumph and celebration. Moments of great sorrow. Some sort of intimate experience seems to calm these storms, or make them feel better. My existence can be validated through anyone, but there seems to be some need for it to be with someone I’m attracted to and can mate with. Biological desires aside, why is there a need to find this woman. I tunnel vision on the gun, and maybe that has saved my life more times than I care to admit. I should probably never buy a gun. Why can’t someone just love me for who I am? I’m always trying to be the best person I can be without changing who I am. Why can’t I be loved for that. And it’s not like there aren’t those who love me. I have a loving family. Ive dated lots of woman. I’ve had lots of friends. Ive had people tell me time after time that I’m a great and amazing person. That they respect me. For fucking what? Because I’m an asshole? Because people like to admire those who say what other’s aren’t willing to do? Am I nothing more than an art exhibit to be admired from afar? I don’t want to change, I just want to be loved.                                                                                                                                 