Honestly I shouldn't even be on this sub but I can't sleep so here I amSomething stupid just happened, something money-related, and it's affecting me a lot. I'm not in desperate need for money at this very moment but long story short my bf's dad takes every cent he makes, leaving him with nothing. He's also borrowed $500 from me in the past year and hasn't paid me back. I'm extremely low on savings and am feeling helpless about my situation. Thankfully my own expenses are mostly covered by my mom, but she can only cover for me, and without his own money, I have to pay for bf's expenses myself. I had a few thousand saved from my last part-time job before leaving for university, so I felt fine spending leisurely as young people do. Now, however, I can't spend money on anything besides essentials. This doesn't sound hard, but oh lord it's hard.

I know I sound so petty, but I really just had that long, deep contemplation about life and death. It's just so stupid. Living in this stupid fucking world. It's a pay-to-win kinda life. Nobody should have to live like this, not being able to afford the things we go to work to be able to afford. It's an oxymoron, I think.

So right now I'm just hoping to spontaneously die. I know it isn't fair to leave bf all alone with his vampire of a dad, but honestly what else is there to life than money? "Oh sweetie at least you have someone who loves you" yea that's fantastic too bad his dad sucks, LITERALLY. 

And it's not like we can just cut him off, cuz he's faaaaamily. It'd be wroooong and he neeeeeeds his only soooon. Funny enough he was considering moving far away just because of this, but I still have school so we're stuck here. 

Just has me thinking how my family would never let this happen. Then I think about how much different his family is than mine. My family are all successful and nurturing while his are either retired or crotchety workers with nearly all living paycheck to paycheck. It's a drastic change for me. I'm used to having everything lain out for me, knowing exactly what to do and what is to come, knowing exactly how much money I'll have and when. Now it's like "uh oh I accidentally missed a such-and-such payment can I borrow $300?" ...WHAT?? 

I'm losing my damn marbles. I was actually considering cancelling my plane ticket to go home for the holidays just so I can get a part time job and pay for fucking groceries. I know it's not a big deal but for me it'd be a sacrifice, especially since the tickets are already paid for and can't be refunded, but also because my family is really looking forward to seeing me for the first time simce June. 

It's not that I don't have a work ethic or don't want to work, I'm just a full time student and asking for 3 weeks off in the winter is a big no no in some workplaces. As soon as I get back I'll be looking for a job, as I initially intended, but that would have just been for fun and work experience to put on my resume, but now I HAVE to work. 

Things were so fine and I was doing so great but now I have $200 to my name and I'm freaking out. 

With only 2 weeks left until my trip, idk how anyone can survive on only $200. Who knows if I'll ever seen my 500 again. Who knows if bf will ever get to keep some change from his paycheck. 

Say while you're here you wouldn't happen to be in the market for an art commision would ya? Bro I'm an awesome (ish) artist I'll make anything for you dude. 

That was me trying to sell myself. I wouldn't make it as a freelance artist. My prices are as low as my self esteem. 

Anyway I'm not gonna kill myself but honestly if I were to die, I really truly wouldn't mind at all. 

(for real tho ill make you some hella art)