I want to end my life, but I'd rather like to be able to liveMy brother and I come from a broken home. Our father was an abusive drunk, and we've never really known our mother. We grew up dirt poor, chastised and bullied in school. This has resulted into two human beings, unable to function in the society. We don't have families, partners or friends. We're unable to trust anyone, and we have only each-other.

I work a shitty dead-end job, which is nevertheless better than no job at all. My brother doesn't work. He's just too depressed to be able to. I provide for him.

We are both deeply depressed, and the level of anxiety we suffer from is beyond belief. The depression exacerbated by this loop of two people feeding into each-other's depression. I suffer heavily from having to provide for my brother, and he suffers as much from being a burden to me. My work effort is dwindling from my depression, and I'm on the verge of losing my job, in which case I would never be able to get another one, and both my brother and I would end up on the street.

We are both suicidal. This means I have to go to work every day and wonder if today I will come home to find my brother dead. It also means my brother stays home wondering if I ever will come back. We never talk about anything else than our depression and the pain and suffering we've had to go through. My brother wakes several times every night, screaming in agony from horrible nightmares. I don't dream anymore. I fall into a deep, dark coma, from which I wake every morning to the searing sound of the alarm, as soon as I close my eyes. It's like I hadn't slept at all.

I want to kill myself every waking second of my miserable existence, but I know this would effectively kill my brother. The same goes for my brother. I'd kill myself in a heartbeat if he would die. So why aren't we dead yet? Deep down it's the love we feel for each-other that keeps us alive for now. I want nothing else than for us to be able to live and love and breathe, and we can't do any of that if we're dead. It's a constant struggle, and at any moment could an impulsive act end it all.