I guess this it is. I triedIt's been five years since my ex fiancée ended our marriage. 

In these five years I thought I'd grow into a different person. 

Sure there's been other women but I am stuck.

I never graduated high school, no one knows this and out of shame and economic reasons I've lied about it (job interviews etc etc)

I'm now in my early 30s. I cannot drive (anxiety fucks me over fierce when I try) and I have not graduated high school and work a minimum wage job - I was promoted and then recently denoted... but they say "we think your managerial material we just need someone with more experience at this point, we value you and think you're an asset to our team!"  Like fuck they do.

I decided to get my GED and upgrade courses so I can do something with my life. I have a lot of RSP money saved up, earlier in the year I used it to fix a dental issue.

Approached the bank again asking if I could use some if that money to pay for a shitty laptop and pay for my upgrade courses. Fucking denied as I can only do it once a year. It hurt me deep. I asked for a loan instead, a measly 2k and that too was denied. I almost cried in the loan officers office. I JUST NEED THE MONEY SO I CAN CONTINUE LIVING!! I WANT TO LIVE FFS I don't want to die. I want to get my fucking GED and make something of myself. But no. 

I spoke to my parents; my mothers side just sold some property and got a bit of money. I asked for help and got "you can move in with us until you're back in your feet. I'm fucking 32 years old, moving back in is humiliating. They say this as they buy a new BMW and tell me how the scraped themselves up from the bottom (which is true).  And I can do it too.

I have one more loan meeting at a bank for 1500 on Wednesday. If it goes well I am enrolling in the GED course. 

If I am denied... well I am going to take a few barbiturates and hang myself, I FUCKING TRIED. 

I want to fucking live, bit I have nothing! I have no future! Better kill myself before I'm homeless.  I'll update on Wednesday.

If it goes to shit I'll be posting my steam, PayPal and PSN passwords 