just at a loss.    So I'm at a point where things in my life just seem to be way too ridiculous for me to make any sense of or control.
   I am 21/m, and here's some backstory: grew up well-off, but with a case of undiagnosed depression and one of those families that never owned up to just how dysfunctional it really was. It was my senior year of high school when all the previously ignored shit finally hit the the proverbial fan, though. My father lost his job, and my parents decided to split. My family, now just my mother, me, and two sisters, went from living a living a comfortable lifestyle to just making ends meet. We moved to a tiny house, and my mom was forced to find a job to keep us afloat. 
   All throughout this process my depression and anxiety issues start coming to a head. I would go to school and just have panic attacks and either just walk around the place aimlessly in a weird haze, or skip school altogether to drink or do drugs. Eventually I dropped out. 
   Ever since then, things just got worse and worse. I started getting into more serious drugs until I started using strong painkillers and heroin. My mother kicked me out, and I was forced to move in with my father who sort of lived with his friend. My first night there, he explains the reason for the divorce was that he explained to my mother that he was, in fact, a gay man, and he couldn't go on living a lie, I guess. While it made sense, and I WAS extremely sympathetic to his coming out, I couldn't help but feel alienated and weirded out. Also, I never really had a great relationship with him in the first place. He was never the typical dad and also had his bouts with alcoholism here and there, and I honestly didn't really like him for that, even in spite of viewing everything now through the lens of his coming out. 
   At this point I realized how depressed I was, feeling really suicidal daily, but I was able to curtail the self abusive thoughts through drugs and alcohol. I just sort of did not give a fuck about anything anymore I guess. I wasn't in school, and couldn't hold down a job, and this developed into tension between me, my father, and his "friend." Eventually, we almost got into physical altercation, so I peaced the fuck out of there and went from house to house, living with my cousin, and other relatives, and eventually some girl I was sleeping with at the time. 
   One day my ex girlfriend got really concerned because of my depression and drug use and coerced me to check myself into the psych ward at a hospital. I did. I spend around a week there, and they discharge me with an antidepressant perscription. I continue to live with said girl, whose family actually turns out to be really cool and supportive, and things really start to improve for me mental-health wise as I stay on the Zoloft. 
   I eventually land a job at a pizzeria so my mother decides it's cool if I come back home, providing I pay rent. I'm psyched, and things are pretty cool for a while. I quit hard drugs and stop hanging out with wasteoids. But, my medication runs out after a month, and I don't have health insurance cause we're poor now. Anxiety comes back tenfold, and I just cant take working at the stressful pizzeria anymore, so I stop showing up. I try to explain to my mother what's up with my depression and anxiety, but she just doesnt get it, and thinks I'm a wimp. She finally agrees to pay out of pocket for a psych appointment so I can get new perscriptions, but does so grudgingly, and always uses that to sort of hold over my head. This was about a month ago. 
   My medication is about to run out again, and I still cant find a new job. Everyday my mother comes home from work pissed, and apparently now I have until the second of November to give her rent money, or she'll drop me off at the social services building. She doesnt fuck around. 
   It's been months, but I'm starting to feel real self-loathing again, and I feel like the only option I really have is to just sorta check out. or get into hard drugs again.. I realize that was a lot to read, and, yeah, it does seem like the plot to a bad coming of age tale kind of thing or some shit, but this is what's up for me right now.. I figured I'd try to bounce this off of some complete strangers to see if there are any suggestions/solutions to my bullshit other than self harm. Anything in response is both unexpected and appreciated. So, yeah... 