A short story on a lousy life.I know my writing's gonna look a bit unrefined, but goddamnit: I almost had a car crash last night - so excuse me if my writing's a bit edgy at the moment.

I will begin by saying that I was around 12 when most of my troubles started. I don't really want to reveal to much about myself during those days, but suffice it to say that I was your average, Pokemon-playing doormat. Went to 4 different schools throughout high school, if I recall correctly. I can't say I remember much about the details about each of them - but I can tell you that I remember the namecalling, the shoves, the gropes, the spitting and the sheer worthlessness I experienced since then.

It got to the point where I had to practically ditch the schools at the age of 16.

I did eventually get a GED soon after a brief stint with a "Jesus-Christ-rides-a-raptor"-type homeschooling program. The GED, however, did not diminish my desire to go find my school records and perform a Jay-and-Silent-Bob road trip on those fuckers. But the fact remains that despite how much I may want to perform said trip, I don't have the time, the will or the resources to do it.

I once wished that after all of this was over, I'd finally be able to catch a fucking break, but no... life just kept doling out the punishment. Take my current job, for instance: Right now I'm stuck giving night school classes to the same types of motherfuckers that made my life a living hell... And of course, some people might ask me: "wouldn't that make you as contemptuous and judgemental as they were?" Maybe. But it's hard to worry about that when I'm not even able to carry a conversation.

The lack of communication skills, unfortunately, is not the only idiosyncrasy that makes my life difficult. Take this one, for instance: I can remember vast amounts of data, but only a handful of names. I can also process that data for hours on end, but then I can't stop thinking about it when I try to sleep. I get twitches, tics, and tremors. I feel numb every time I see some sort of gathering. And top it all off, I have a brain that won't cease to remind me of nearly every gaffe, altercation and mistake I've experienced over the last 2 decades.

My biggest source of regret, though, comes from my inclination for following instructions. I did the errands that they wanted me to do. I went to the college that they told me to go. I didn't go to parties. I didn't get any action. I just spent my time in my room and studied for 4 consecutive years. ( Just like a good little boy... :-/ )

And now that I'm supposedly "free," I can't even choose something as simple as a juice flavor.

But then again, it's not like there's many choices in this town. There are no people to talk to in here. There are no places to go. There's only a couple of bars, a downtown district on life support and a shopping center with a Walmart. All this crap is further aggravated by the fact that I can't even move - for I don't have the money to do so.

I've gone thru the usual recommendations I hear around Reddit, too. I go to my psychiatrist. I've gone thru a couple of psychologists. I take my antidepressants - but I don't even know if taking them makes any difference. I also tried going to the gym for about six months. And even that became a tedious routine.

I try not to complain, though. Most of the time, people would just point out the pettyness of my problems. And the times when that doesn't happen, I just get that useless "everything will be alright" bullshit.

I did, however, manage to get something out of these ordeals. I now know that life is, in its essence, pain. What I don't know is whether or not I want to stick around for that much longer.