After suffering a full year of cyber bullying, harassment and slander, I decided I'm going to commit on the anniversary of when it started.I've spent a whole year of my life being harassed online. I know I'm not easy to get along with. I know that I can be rude and sometimes my aggression is misplaced, but I'm a human being. About a year ago I joined a community on my favorite website, and from the moment I joined I was harassed by the staff and owners there. I was accused of stealing art, despite drawing everything I've ever done on livestreams, and I was unfairly targeted over every word I said. About four months ago, someone sent a death threat to one of the staff members, and, despite there only being one piece of circumstance linking me to the post, I was singled out as the one who must have sent the anonymous Tumblr threat. Since then I have been endlessly beaten down upon by my peers--every day, I wake up and my email inbox, tumblr inbox, and dA inboxes are filled with users telling me to take my own life. Telling me to die. I've pleaded with the website staff daily, and they even traced the IP of the post to prove I wasn't the one who submitted it. Despite that, and despite screenshots of that, I was banned from the community, and almost $400 worth of online product was confiscated without being refunded. Worse still, I cannot open commissions for fear of being bullied. I can't get commissions on the site itself because of the slander. I just lost my job, and without commissions, I have no source of income. I lost my health insurance with my job. I can't afford the medicine I need just to function normally in every day life. Earlier this year, I suffered a miscarriage because of the tremendous stress I've been under. I vomit daily. I hate looking at myself in the mirror, and I have no one to turn to. I only have one friend I can rely on, and I don't want to burden him after everything he's done for me. I can't stand it anymore--every day I can feel my brain slowly becoming less and less functional as I'm forced to space out my medication to save it. I'm dying, physically and emotionally. I'm suffering so much that all I can think about is to just end my own suffering. I have nothing. I have no money. I have no job. I barely have a roof over my head and I'm sinking. I can't even defend myself. I just want it to be over.