Mixed feelings.The only person in my life that knows I'm suicidal is my roommate and he found out by accident.  This was a couple of months ago.  Things were fine (I just wanted him to forget the entire conversation and quit worrying about me and just let me be - it worked and he forgot about me and it was good.  I don't need any sympathy.)

However, the other day I was having a rough time and he made a comment that brought up the conversation again.  Damnit I thought he'd just forget about this.  I know he was just trying to help me feel better, but my god did he make me feel worse about myself.  Started out by saying that this was all in my head and that I need to get through this with willpower.  I mentioned antidepressants (which is ironic because I'm not going to take any - I cannot let anyone else know this about me and medicating myself would involve other people) and he immediately shot that idea down; "they won't work" he says.  Then he gave me some life advice and we talked about what he did to get over the breakup of his girlfriend.  I've heard this damn story a hundred times already (hell, I even helped him out when he was feeling sad) but I still sat and listened and just agreed.  Honestly what's the point in arguing with him and saying that he doesn't understand that this is not comparable to a breakup.  I've felt this way for years.  He's naive and doesn't *really* care about me...he just doesn't want a dead roommate to find.  I understand.  But I listened and we talked for an hour.  At the end, he was saying that this isn't the answer and blah blah blah.  Suicide is weak and selfish and I'm a horrible person for considering.  Don't be a loser and quit.  Yeah yeah, tell me something I don't know.

What I don't get is that what a lot of the stuff he was saying to me...I tell to myself.  I need to get this over with on my own - no drugs, no outside help, nothing.  This is my problem and I have to be the one to fix it.  Granted it's not working for shit (unfortunately) and I've never felt worse.  I don't know.  Hearing it from another person just stung and I've been repeating the whole conversation in my head; coming up with scenarios to say to him.  Why does it matter to him?  I don't owe anyone anything.  I don't have anyone to depend on me so I'm not leaving anyone behind.  I am an adult and this is my decision.  I didn't have a say to be born so why shouldn't I be in control of how I should end it.  I'll finish school and get my degree so at least I can have something to be proud of.  Then once that's settled and I'm on my own, I'm putting a fucking bullet in my skull.