She's taken away every ounce of happiness. I don't want to be alive.My parents split when I was 6. My dad sees me every other weekend and I feel like not much more than an inconvenience to him. My mother has been manipulating me and emotionally ruining me since I can remember. I have constantly been hiding things to deal with the guilt of being somebody she didn't want me to be. She cried a lot more on my shoulder than I ever did on hers as a child. There were no boundaries in privacy or limits (in grade 7, she shaved my pubic hair, I am not allowed to close my door, she may barge into my bathroom whenever) and I am constantly being treated like her husband but a child when it suits her. I lied about where I was two weekends ago and she lost it. I am graduating high school this month and I am not to see my friends, to go anywhere, to not disclose anything about my life. She engages me in 20 minute shouting fests about how I should quit my job that I ADORE because I work late. She does not trust that I go to school, work, or my extracurriculars and sports. She shows up to pick me up by random and wanders in to talk to teachers, etc about me. She has convinced my family that I am an awful, mindless kid. I am reminded I don't know myself, I am unhappy, I am not grounded, I have no peace, I'm a liar, I won't be successful, I am to never speak to certain people, I am a cheater.

I have just gotten into my dream university with a scholarship. My academic record and involvement with my school has been nothing short of extraordinary. I am involved with multiple causes and have lots of great friends. I just got a dream job at a comedy club. When I am able to forget my mother, I am the happiest person alive. Most of the time, I can't help but have to fight off tears all day as I can't afford to move out and even if I could, I wouldn't be able to go to the dream program I've been working years to get into because I am fairly sure she would cut the tuition funding.

I don't want to die, but being conscious is the absolute worst. I can't afford to move out and I am terrified of living with my dad as I would be an inconvenience. Living in the same city with my mother scares me because I have almost no money and she would come find me wherever I am. I would lose that whole side of my family. I feel trapped with no way out, no light at the end of the tunnel, and no solution. I cannot believe I've worked so hard despite my mother only to come to this. I don't want to commit suicide. I am so scared and so sad. 