Can't tell if my meds are making me suicidal or if it's just meI recently started antidepressants after resisting for years and trying everything else to help with depression and suicidal thoughts (which I'm still doing all of those other healthy things, just also with meds) but it's really really fucking difficult. I was on an extremely low dose of an SSRI that made me sleep constantly, unable to focus at all, and just feel generally horrible whenever I was awake to the point where I definitely was considering trying to end my life, plus I was getting really terrible nose bleeds constantly which apparently happens to less than 0.1% of people on SSRIs so I'm just special. Now, I'm on a different medication and there are no glaring negative side effects, but I just feel fucking hopeless. I don't feel any better and I don't feel like things are ever going to get better, it's really easy for me to just kind of end up falling into this place where all I can describe it as is like a pit of despair. It feels like everything is pointless and sucks and it always will and there's no point to anything because I'm just going to kill myself at some point anyway, on the other hand, these types of feelings is why I'm on medication in the first place and I don't know if the meds are making it worse or if it's just me. I keep hoping it's the meds, but at the same time, if it is then I don't know what they're going to put me on next and if it will feel even worse. I just hate how I'm feeling and it feels like looking even a week into the future is horribly overwhelming because of the idea of having to be alive that long distresses me. I can't get anything done and I just want to quit. Everything is just so fucking pointless. I just keep chasing my mind in circles trying to figure out how I can die while hurting the least amount of people possible. I'm so fucking tired of feeling like this. It feels like all these medications either suck or best case are doing nothing and if these don't work I don't know what to do because I am barely hanging on. I'm running out of things to try to make it stop hurting like this. I don't want to keep feeling like this. I don't really care what it takes to stop feeling this awful.