It Should be Okay to do ThisI shouldn’t have to live a life I don’t want if there is no one to satisfy. I’m too scared to end my life.

I find it funny that people say to live only for yourself. In that case, I could just die. It’s for me anyway, right? And I could, totally. I’m just scared and pretending I have a reason to still be here. 

When you don’t have family or friends, and don’t count on it, and nothing brings you joy, I just don’t see the point. Sure things could get better, I have one life to live and that’s all fine and dandy. But the thing is, I don’t want to live. I just don’t. That’s the problem. Even more of a problem is that I’m scared to. So scared. 

I know not to depend on other people, because the truth is they will eventually get tired of it before I can even improve. All that advice is good advice to those who desperately want to live. At the same time, I cannot help but feel the only reason people dispense any advice at all is out of guilt rather than genuine concern. In other words, kindly shut up and get over it is what it tells me. 

It’s guilt. Not kindness. You here it all the time. “What could I have done, if only I had....” and so on. 

It’s never “just what was it THEY were going through?” Logically, they would be dead and the point is to prevent that, so there’s that.

Truthfully, it’s hypocritical of me to say that, because it posits that the responsibility lies on other people rather than the self. It’s on always been in me, and it always will be. 

I just hope eventually I get rid of this fear of going through with it by my own hand. I’m not cut out for this world or anyone. All the self love I deluded myself was a continuous weight of crushed hope.

No one deserves anything but basic human decency, and of course that’s not guaranteed.

I don’t deserve this, but this is what I want now. And I’m not sorry one bit.

If I’m going to live a life for myself, then I simply won’t. Who cares about anyone else, clearly I shouldn’t. I’m a victim of myself, and that’s ok. That’s just life. 

Thanks for reading friends. I’ll remember you before I die. I hope you can all find the peace it is you’re looking for. I have no place in this world, and at least I have the gall to admit that.

And by the way, any person that would be affect can simply resort to the coping mechanisms of talking to friends and all that which has failed me. There really is no reason we shouldn’t have agency over our lives in such a way, except misuse or for evil and such.