Read this before you go Humpty Dumpty on me!First of all I want to tell my story that continues today. When I turned 15 I was hit with a skin disorder called Psoriasis. At first it was just a few spots here and there and gradually over the years about 55 - 60% of my body. I took medications, did all kinds of treatments and none of them really worked. I'd also like to add that my father was in the military so I had to travel every four or so years most of my life, therefor I didn't get to grow up in one place and have friends to grow up with. I spent most of my highschool years to myself and a handfull of friends. I was beyond depressed had suicidal thoughts all the time. Because I was 15 and at my prime most kids that age just think about girls. And knowing that I had the skin disorder it lowered my self esteem and communication skills. It still effects me today, but no where nearly as much as it used to and I'll get into that later on in the story. The only reason I really got through my issues were the few friends that I had. They were always there for me and didn't care of my skin disorder.

To this day it still suprises me how they stuck up with me as I was never the center of attention nor did I talk very much, but they are still really good friends with me now and talk to me all the time. So that's what got me through highschool. The upside I look at with my skin disorder is I've gotten pretty good with computers from building/repairing them. Designing and coding websites. Just the overall love of computers. Before my skin disorder I was always hanging around with bad kids and constantly getting into trouble so having Psoriasis kinda got me out of that. As I finally got older now 23 it slowly hit me and I just thought to myself. What the fuck are you doing? Stop being a bitch and go out and do something. Nobody cares about my skin disorder and stop being so anti social. If you're so far down to killing yourself why not go out, take a risk and have some conversation? What else do you got to lose right? You're already so far down the hole anyway.

So I did, and although I'm still shy I try to make the best of it. You only have one life to live. Being the athiest that I  am. I'm not ready to watch blackness for all eternity yet. Since than, I've made a ton of new friends and not just people that you say hi to for 5 minutes, but people that actually care and are there for you. Having that feeling means more than anything.

I took just medication for my skin disorder up till I was 22 and eventually just got tired of wasting time with it as it hardly did anything. I didn't take any medication for depression and anxiety as I used my own willpower and friends for that. Other ways I got through suicidal thoughts were thinking about what every person that knew me would feel if I were gone. Knowing how selfish and how much hurt it would bring to everyone scared the shit out of me. I had also thought what if a good friend or family member did it. I wouldn't know what to do. I'd probably stand there, fall, and cry forever.

I could go on with my story as I've got 8 years of personal experiences, but I've given you the big parts of my life. The reason I wrote this is and I know many others have written stories. I just wanted to be one more person here to hope that I've saved a life. Need a friend or someone to talk to? I'm here you can message me at anytime. I don't care what you look like, what color you are, what sex, what religion, I'm here for you. If you need my email and or my steam ID private message me and I'll give it to you. I also run a minecraft server for those that do play it. Our community is nothing but nice and friendly.

TL;DR Read the damn story!