Came close today.I went to a parking ramp next door to my office today to scout out whether I thought it was high enough to kill me and how difficult it would be to get over the wall.  Turned out to be pretty easy, but the 6 storey fall scares me a little.  I don't want to accidentally live through it.  Being severely disabled is about the worst thing I can imagine happening.  After a while ramp security came and told me to leave.

I don't really want to kill myself.  I just want to not be alive. I wish I could do the thing from It's a Wonderful Life where George gets to see what life would be like without him.  Then when everyone else is better off from me not being there I could just ask to make it permanent. 

I feel guilty because I shouldn't feel like this.  I am in my early 30's, in decent health, no physical abnormalities, decent upbringing (lower middle class), intelligent and strong.  I just have no social skills, have social anxiety, and incredibly low self-esteem.  I have no friends, at least no one outside work.  I am friendly with people I work with, but never do anything outside work.  Many of the people get together and do stuff, both as quasi-work functions and just to have fun, and they invite me but I don't ever go despite being practically begged to do so.  I find I can't make small talk because I have nothing to offer.  No life experiences or good stories or plans or kid stories or things like that.  I can't make friends because I have no experience at it and because I have a deep seated illogical problem believing anyone would want to spend time with me or talk to me despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary.  I can't just reason my way through this though.  Its like a fear, it can't be reasoned with; it operates on a level logic has no power over.  

The only way I function at work is because all those people have to deal with me so there is significant risk of rejection.  I've never been to a proper bar, I've been to a sports bar but the noise and confusion made me want to bolt out of there.  I freak out in crowded settings and just shut down.  The same applies when meeting new people.  It has become habit to not include me on projects where outside people are brought in or met outside work.  I would literally rather quit than have to have a dinner with a client or god forbid, get sent on a business trip.  This almost happened a couple years ago when there was a client meeting in my bosses office and I refused to go.  Around people I know it isn't too bad as long as there aren't too many and it's a controlled environment.  

In that vein, I have also never had a girlfriend, or had sex, or kissed a girl, or held hands, or asked a girl out.  I can't ever imagine doing any of those things.  I mean, I cant even make friends let alone get someone to want to sleep with me.  And even if I had random sex, what I want is love.  I've always felt the only things worth living for were love and friendship and I have neither.  I always thought it was stupid back when I still had hope but it is true what they say, "To have others love you first you must love yourself."  So glib and so right.

I used to have hope.  I used to think I was a good person so love will one day find me.  But about 6 years ago I had a particularly bad social failure where despite knowing all present I practically ran from a meeting room where an impromptu birthday party had been set up for a coworker because I just suddenly couldn't handle being around others.  I feigned sickness and left early and took a long drive and for the first time turned my laser focus on myself and brought my full intellect to bear on the problem of me.  Conclusion: I should kill myself.  

It wasn't an emotional decision.  It was cold and calculating.  I wasn't happy.  Probably never had been.  Probably never would be.  So what was the point.  I had been to see a psychologist and we went over techniques to overcome my issues.  None seemed promising.  I was prescribed medication but I had difficulty in getting it filled.  It seemed like a sign.  Especially after my little meltdown.  I looked at things.  Are there things I could do to get better, maybe.  Would I be willing to do those things? almost certainly not.  If I did take steps to get better would they work? Unknown, but not terribly likely.  I had been on a diet and had lost almost 120 pounds.  But I had realized how I looked on the outside didnt really matter as much as who I was on the inside.  On the inside I was a social imbecile.  I feel like I am not really human, but just observing you all with a kind of curious wonder.  Knowing I'll never be like you but desperately wishing I was.  I had planned to kill myself when I took vacation.  Along the way a coworker who knew I had been having some problems found the prescriptions in my desk drawer and confronted me about it.  I begrudgingly agreed to get them filled and take the pills.  She even went down to Walgreens with me to make sure I went through with it and sorted out the situation with the pharmacist.  I did better on the pills.  She probably saved my life.  I'll never forgive her for that.

In the last 6 years I've had to see my folks go through a bitter and messy divorce, I've lost 2 grandparents and seen the other two get put in a nursing home or get cancer.  I had an uncle kill himself, which hit my mom hard.  I've gone nowhere in my job that I hate.  I've started having my own health issues (diabetes,  arthritis, joint deterioration).  And worst of all I've had to watch my mother, a strong independent woman, lose her eyesight and ability to drive and start getting dementia.  After initial progress on pills I got worse.  I also lost my psychologist and our insurance prices went through the roof on mental health so I stopped.

The only thing that has kept me from killing myself is my mom.  I know how much my uncles suicide affected her.  But I can only live for someone else for so long.  And with her mind going, maybe it wouldnt be so bad for her.  I wish I didn't feel like this,  I wish I was normal.  I see people enjoying themselves and it depresses me.  I see families in the park or on the street or couples walking together and kissing and it just reminds me of what I will never have.  They fascinate me.  I listen to coworkers and their exploits and marvel that these people live while I merely exist.  It makes me not want to anymore.  I feel like a broken toy in want of being thrown out.  I just hope 6 storeys is enough.