A story of love, loss, suffering, and giving up for the final time.Hello, whomever may be reading this. I am about to embark on a story of my life, telling of the suffering and pain, and the reason I am now giving up. 

My childhood is dark. As in, quite literally black and missing from my memory. I do recall brief moments of sexual 'abuse' (I'm still confused on it) from about the age of 7 or 8, with a girl a few years older. I remember the physical abuse from my stepmother, who has thrown me on the ground, left bruises on my head, and broken my personal items. I have suffered seemingly endless emotional abuse and bullying for as long as I can remember. All of this, I stored away never be seen again. 

That is until this past year. I was always 'gifted' as they say. Nearly skipping grades in school, never fitting in the whole time of course. I would get scores on state tests that could probably have taken me to college nearly for free. However, what people don't realize is the struggle for smart people. We don't think the same. I slowly went crazy, because no one saw things in this way that I do. I had emotional issues from being stuck in this never ending cascade of 'What ifs' and 'Who cares' and 'Am I alone?'. Not to mention the indescribable confusion of trying to find yourself and your place in the world as an atheist who views everything philosophically. If humanity has no purpose anyway, then why keep trying, is what I'd tell myself. 

Nearing the beginning of last school year, I opted to not go to my senior year of high school. I went to college instead. Total waste of time, and I went online which caused isolation issues. However, there was one thing getting me through. A girl. Now, I've 'been around the block' as they say. But this woman I thought was special. In those moments of hopelessness and fear for my own life, she got me through. Night after night she promised her hand in marriage to me, until I finally accepted it was true. 

Two years and a ring. After all that, one day she decides she needs to be free for college. She needs to 'find herself'. I've given up at this point. Let's just do a quick recap for fun. Emotional abuse, physical abuse, custody issues as a child, sexual abuse, being bullied for years, never fitting in, always being trapped in this damned world of a mind, clinical depression, extreme anxiety issues, and that's just what I feel like typing and thinking about right now.

I'm turning 18 next Saturday. Less than a week. I bet you think I'm just dumb and young. I've lost every last friend I've ever had. I've lost the only person in this world I give a shit about. I've lost my academic prowess. I've been rejected by every single last thing that accepted me, from family to friends to significant other. To that I say I'm done. There is no point anymore. What do I have to live for. Even two joints of high grade medical cannabis, and 1mg of Colonopin^? (Benzo like Xanax) cant stop the extreme pain and hurt throughout every atom in my being. I will be leaving this world soon, maybe not this hour, maybe not even today, but very soon. I am just unsure of how yet. I'm thinking OD on drugs, I've never done any except cannabis and I heard you go out in a blissful state. If not, it will hurt, but only for a few more minutes, right?

Thank you for reading this. I need to know someone is out in this world that knows of my story so that I don't go out in vein. After all, what are we after death if not a memory.  