If you kill yourself you don't end. You keep on living, not knowing you left your past family to mourn you in that life
Quantum immortality is currently a theory but I swear I've experienced it so I feel the urge to warn anyone who reads this. Read my post history to read what I experienced, I truly do believe quantum immortality is real and my rational mind can't convince me otherwise even when that's all I want. 

I hadn't even heard of the theory when it happened, and after reading other people's experiences it just all adds up. It's very important you know this, to prevent unnecessary suffering of loved ones. 

Think of your life like a tree with long branches, spreading out into more and more smaller sub branches. You ARE the tree: roots, trunk, and branches. You are always the tree, BUT you're limited to experiencing the single subjective experience of each tree branch, moving further and further from source (the tree itself). Every little decision you consciously and unconsciously make, two paths split off from each other into two branches (if the universe has infinite possiblities then what can happen will happen). The decision 'you' make will happen and you will go in that direction of the branch, completely unaware of the other 'you' (it still IS you, the universe IS you) slowly branching away until the other 'you' could go some place different entirely. But it's all still you. 

Whatever choices and thoughts you make will lead you to wherever you are now. And you can't die until there are no more possible scenarios of life (you're old). So don't kill yourself. You won't even remember you killed yourself because the second you fade away, your consciousness will immediately transition into a timeline where you're still alive, moments before it was about to happen but didn't (say in one of the possibilities the gun jammed). And you never actually experienced it because it never happened in the current timeline. But now your broken branches are still very real branches for all the family and friends that are in that specific timeline, their hearts broken for absolutely no reason.. because nothing changed for you, you're still alive on this shitty planet. 

Suffering can NOT be ended by killing yourself, I wish that for just a second you could drop your preconceived beliefs and your 'rational wall' in your mind about what you think will happen and to at least consider this being a possibility.. because no one actually knows shit, I don't know shit, but I wouldn't be sharing this if I didn't feel like this needed to be heard. 

Literally the only way out of suffering is to find a way past it enough so that life is worth living, because I believe it's the only option. Ever seen groundhog day? It's a perfect representation of our lives.

Im being very careful with any thought that I have now, because I know thoughts lead to actions and actions leads to whatever branch that goes to. I want to be experiencing the best branch possible, and being mindful is the solution. 

If you think too many ruminating thoughts, it will become habit and you will feel powerless to stop them. They're literally just repeated and ingrained thoughts though, they just feel like more than that because you're emotionally attached to them and it becomes a part of what you think 'you' are . 
Think of a very depressing thought you believe and think, "If I thought this thought when I was younger or even a child, would I instantly believe it and become attached to it, therefore identifying with it?" Of course not, it's just a passing thought at the time and that's all it is. It goes away. Letting go of these ingrained beliefs are hard but completely worth it, otherwise you're just choosing (or allowing) to experience a shit reality when the potential is ALWAYS there, just waiting to be unlocked by YOU. 