Hey guys!First of all I wanted to thank you for being on this subreddit and preparing to read this. It is helpful to have an outlet for this kind of stuff and I honestly can't speak to anyone else, privately or professionally, about this.

If you are here to sympathize by way of telling me about how similar your life is (my life also sucks like that / I see no point / no will either), please don't comment. I don't need / want any of those ideas reinforced.

Well, you know why I am here. I'm going to try and convey this in a level-headed, unwavering tone, solid voice sort of way. I've thought about posting a couple of times here, but each time it's been when I was very emotional, very sad, crying on my keyboard trying to type something out to accurately describe what was up and what was going wrong. Always, I ended up not posting, or waiting til I could collect my thoughts.

At this point, however, I feel mostly calm, relaxed, but exhausted. A lot of the standard things. Not feeling like I fit in well, not enjoying other's company as much as I used to, carrying no interest in anything. No interest in sex at all. A depressed appetite. Sensitivity to isolation (while I'm at work, sometimes it's designated that someone does data entry in the back as we don't have enough computers. I worry that I am put there for a reason, and it is a totally stupid and irrational, but very real, fear). I dislike my family. I've experienced a lot of abuse, physically, verbally, and emotionally, because of their decisions. While I struggle to pay my bills and eek out, my grandmother hand feeds her bulldogs ribeye steaks. They belittle me, criticize my decisions. Promises and reassurance of helping me pay for college, an arthoscopic surgery, and more, but always failing to deliver. I honored my end of the agreement, and my reward was disinterest and dismissal, leaving me with 8k in school debt and 13k in hospital bills. A diabetic mother who has ignored her disease for many, many years, resulting in cataracts, high blood pressure, slight neuropathy. Her lifespan is almost assuredly shortened. An autistic brother, whom I have no ill will toward and care about, whom I will end up caring for once she has died. Family seems to be nothing but burden, some twisted and others present yet absent (autopilot, won't listen to advice, the bear minimum of human interaction, denial of issues). Perhaps there is a more depressive component to my lack of attention / focus than add/adhd related issues. I don't feel like I can talk to many people about things that really interest me. And of the times that I do try and speak to people and strike up conversation, I feel mildly to horrendously awkward the entire time. Ugh so god damn annoying. 

I don't sleep well, often. The dreams I remember are sometimes oddly disturbing. One that comes to mind is a humanoid comprised of only their vascular and some of the neural system, it's eyes staring at me pleading, but with purpose. For some reason the "brain" (looked more like a rubbery inflatable sack with contours on the surface) contracting and re-expanding to a lesser degree each time was important. It shouldn't have been so disturbing for me, but it was a combination of exposure, helplessness, a resigned fate, not being able to complete or carry out it's purpose, that really bothered me. Something about "You must rebuild it, without it you have no chance". I woke up as soon as I could jar myself out.

No idea how to transition from that. It's just getting incredibly fucking frustrating that the time I spend being happy, enjoying something, actually relaxed has been diminishing steadily. All the while, apathy seems to have become king. My day is filled with doubt, the occasional negative thought, a period of "clarity" or when I feel like I've returned to base-line, awkward and frustrating conversations, not being sure what to do with my body (posture/moving out of someone's way gracefully/things as simple as how I swing my arms when I walk).

I can carry out conversations with people I know well fairly well, and I often enjoy them. I just wish I could get the hell out of this hole.

I've been attending a few sessions at my universities' psych clinic, but it has all been testing so far. No real discussion beyond how was your week and how are you now. Test results in one week and one day, and from there I decide what to do. Whether that be treatment and CBT or abandonment or the end of the road.

I'm very uncomfortable in my body most of the time, and I'd like it to end, one way or another.

Lol re-reading this I feel so fucked. 

Maybe not your everyday /r/suicidewatch post but... that's what I'm feeling, and where I'm at. Not much to look forward to huh.