It's never going to get better.I feel like the dam's finally burst. I just can't go on anymore.
I don't think i've ever been happy in my life and it doesn't seem to be changing anytime soon.

I can't remember the last time where a weeks gone by and I haven't thought about killing myself. I can remember walking home from school in 4th grade, everyday I would cross the same bridge and every day I would think about throwing myself off. 
I can remember holding a knife to my throat in highschool, I may have offed myself right there had the doorbell not rung at the same moment. 
I can remember staring out the window of my apartment in college and trying to convince myself to jump.
And now, everyday when I go to work, I think about throwing myself in front of the train.

I don't think i've ever been happy. I've had moments when life weren't so bad, but overall, everything's just one step forward and two steps back.

It's sad to say but the only thing keeping me alive right now is my dog. I feel like an idiot. I watched the futurama episode last night, the one with Fry's dog, and now i can't bring myself to do it.  I think he'll be the only one that will miss me when I'm gone.

I have no friends, my family sees me as a fuckup. I think my parents love me, but they're my parents, they have to. If i were just some random kid they knew, I'm sure they would hate me.

I've never had a girlfriend, I've never even held hands with a girl. I spent the last year of my life working out and getting fit. I thought a six-pack would give me a chance, I thought the excercise would help with the depression. But nothing i've tried works. I know I'm an ugly bastard, and I know that doesn't stop you from getting a girl. But I have no personality either, so even if i weren't an ugly motherfucker, I still probably couldn't get laid.

I'm dumb as a rock. I dropped out of college after 2 years. I've been in school for 5 years and I still can't graduate. I'm a complete fuckup. I feel dead inside.

I don't even know why i'm still here. I've always been close, but I always tell myself that it'll get better. But it's been years and years and I feel the exact same as before. Nothing ever gets better, it all just stays the same. 

To top off my shit sandwich has been one of the worst weeks I've had.  I failed one of my midterms which sets me back a year. 6 God damn years and I'm barely even a senior. Work has been a mountain of stress. I work at a startup and I'm pretty sure my boss plans on screwing me out of the equity I was verbally promised. I guess I was an idiot for not getting it on paper first. I guess you can't trust anyone these days. My car broke down, $900 down the drain. My fridge breaks down  $200 down the drain. And now, the macbook I bought won't startup. I'm not even done paying it off yet.

What's  the point in staying? I'll probably be alone forever, I'm not contributing anything to society. I'm just a fat zero on the planet. I won't be remember, I won't make a positive impact on anyone else's life.

The best I can do for society right now is to kill myself, donate my organs and hope someone else makes better use from them. I'm nothing but a useless sack of flesh and bones.


Thanks reddit, it feels good to finally say all that. You've always been there for me and you've made me feel accepted. It wasn't a true friendship, but it's the closest thing I've had to having someone. I'm always the one on the outside looking in, and being on reddit the last few years has made me feel like I was part of a family.

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't scared of dying. But I think I can finally do it now. I'm at peace with myself and the world. I think i'm ready to go.