Not sure what to do. My life feels like it's over.Hi I was just directed to this sub.. I'm not even sure where to begin.

I have mental problems/memory issues so if there is a timeline discrepancy or everything is mixed up I'm sorry.

I'm also sorry for the length of the post. You dont have to read it, it's OK.

I'm 31 and have lived an incredibly dismal life. As a child I lived with a single mom, she had me when she was eighteen. She had no aspirations and not much of an education. So we lived with her parents off and on until she was over thirty. Which was alright except that my grandfather never took it up to be the male role model in my life. He was extremely cynical of me, and would make me cry pretty well daily. And for some reason I'd cry until I vomited, which I believe contributed to my future stomach problems. It sucks pretty bad when you're eight years old and your own family won't believe you have heatburn. It's like leaving me there to bleed out.  I was very thankful of this when I vomited blood up for the first time due to the burning in my stomach.

By the time I was in grade two I was removed from my school due to behavioral issues and placed in a "special" class for misbehaved students. This was also in a catholic school. It was an extremely hostile environment, and putting problem kids in a class full of problem kids is probably the worst idea I've ever heard. But it's still happening to this day and damaging the lives of  countless children. The lax learn at your own pace philosophy they seem to have held probably wasn't very beneficial to a lot of the students. The only thing that pushed you to the next grade was to simply be there. There were no tests to pass, no work to be graded on. You didn't even have to do anything. 

In grade five we moved from the big city to a super small town, they didn't have behavioral classes, but I made so many friends and things were happy, the days were bright. Six months later we moved to another small town because my mom met some guy. We moved in with him. I made more friends, everything was OK I went to school there were no problems (They didn't have behavioral programs for students in these places in the country it seems, we moved from toronto to new brunswick to nova scotia)  






