Wanted to post it here too: last night my boyfriend and I saved a woman from suicide
Dear people, I already posted it on the CPTSD group, but would like to post it here as well.

Last night my boyfriend and I saved a woman from jumping of a bridge. We cycled back home last night after having dinner and drinks in the city. We cycled back on our cities bridge and suddenly we saw a young woman hanging on the bridge’s fence. First I thought the woman tried to make a daring selfie, as I once saw crossing by on the social media. Another young woman was standing ten meters from her with her bicycle in the hand looking at her. We asked ‘do you belong together?’, which she replied with a no. My boyfriend and I walked immediately to the woman, thinking “this is really really bad”. We first talked gentle to the woman, asking how we could help, and that we would really liked to help. She started crying in panic, saying it’s all useless. I was so afraid and didn’t know how to get her back on the other side of the fence. I was too scared to touch and hold her because I thought she would panic more and let herself go. We asked  a few times times if she would please come back to the safe side of the fence so we could comfort and help her. She still said it was useless, as she got beat up by her husband and the police didn’t help her before. Thank God, the Universe and all the good powers in the world my boyfriend was there too. He stays always so calm and is very rational. So while I was still talking to her and thinking how the hell can we hold this precious lady (while panicking too on the inside), my boyfriend stepped calmly closer to her, looked at me while saying ‘come ’, and hold the woman’s hand and arm gently. I immediately hugged the woman, holding her closely with me. We both hold and hugged her firmly and tried to comfort her with saying “it is ok, we are here for you, you are not alone, you are so precious and we’re not gonna let you go”. 
Thank God for the other bypasser that came by later on and helped us hold her. Luckily the police came very quickly and dragged her back on the bridge. They told her to take her to a safe place to help her. I pray to God she will get the right help as I know it’s there, how hopeless everything seems. 

My boyfriend and I were devastated ofcourse but also grateful we could help the lady. 
I could not sleep last night as I was having nightmares about it. My boyfriend is snoozing calmly next to me at the moment (the difference of our personalities haha) 

As lightly I try to talk about it, it is very triggering because I’ve been there too. But now I’m very grateful for life itself. 
So to all the dear people who are triggered by this too, you are worth it. There are people around that care, because you are worth it! Precious precious you❤️ 

In the aftermath I’m still doubting if I should have done more. My boyfriend and I wanted to keep on holding her, taking her home, let her rest so we could help her further. We tortured ourself with a bit of guilt. But the police has the right resources to help the woman. And as my boyfriend helped me calming down with the words: “we can only help people in the moment and let other people help too, and we can do this everyday” . There’s a way out people, how hopeless everything seems. People care❤️