Before I end it all on WednesdayWhen I was nine, a lot of bad things happened and I've been suicidal since. Being molested made me realize how little I matter. The guy was also nine and I believe he was repeating what his father was doing to him. I could've helped him but I ran away and I feel so guilty about it. I have never fit in any social groups and I am horrible at making friends. My mother is the root cause of my depression. She was physically abusive to me when I was little. She stopped in high school but she still had no problem getting me to my darkest moments, somehow just with words. I have moderate anxiety and trouble feeling safe because I still remember her throwing a chair at me and grabbing my hand, forcing me to grab a knife and pretend forcing me to cut my little brother's wrist. She thinks I'm stupid, and usually it doesn't matter what people think of me but her opinion means alot. When we found out I have CKD (chronic kidney disease) she put me on a diet of horrible tasting fake no protein rice and that was what I ate everyday. I started hating eating and with that and the ADD medicine I was on, I lost so much weight. 5'4" and 80 lb. I hated my body then and I hate it now because as a lasting after effect of those experiences, and the fact that for most of middle school i had no friends to eat with so i ate nothing every school day, I am still severely underweight and can not enjoy food easily. I used to be able to and enjoy eating many things. 
My mother was selfish not to abort me. There is severe depression and anxiety on females on both sides of my families. 
In addition to past memories affecting me, life is and always has been painful. I have trouble dating because:
Fear of sex
Feeling generally undeserving of love
My ex in highschool cheated on me and broke up with me. For some stupid reason I went to my parents for comfort. My dad tried to help but my mom told me that if she were him she would do the same. I can't trust anyone
And I have no idea what I want to do as a career and I don't have many options. I don't even have confidence to pursue anything seriously. 

I've moved over 2 states so that I can kill myself without making people as sad as if I killed myself while near them and still in contact with them. I did such a horrible thing and got close to a guy who is now attached to me even though I wanted no social bonding with anyone... He cried so much when I had a depressive episode. He deserves so much better than me. I ordered online 500g of potassium chloride. My kidneys will not survive. My toes are numb so I'm close to kidney failure.... I can feel myself dying. I can't afford the finaces and the stress of treatments. I will do it wednesday when I get my package. I just wanted to vent. 
