I don't know what to do anymoreHello, I am a 16 year old boy who has been feeling suicidal and homicidal since I was about 13-14 years old.

So first of all, I grew up only with my mum and my grandma and didn't have a father figure in my life while growing up. I have always been very introverted and i suspect that I am a sociopath because I don't feel any empathy towards other people. When I had friends in my life, they weren't close to me at all and I just simply never told anybody about my problems, because I thought it was a taboo. About 8-9 months ago i met a girl whom I fell deeply in love with and finally had someone to talk with if I had any problems. When I was dating I felt that my life was finally worth something and that I had never felt such happiness in my life. But like all good things, this also came to an end when she cheated on me with a 18 year old man (she was 14). After that i fell into a deep sadness and emptiness which I hadn't felt in 9 months. Most of the people that I knew in my life and some random people (I am somewhat famous) came to support me, but I still didn't consider myself to be worth anything. But after 2 weeks from the breakup I mysteriously got over her when I had a dream when sleeping ( I don't how if this is important but sometimes my dreams change my wiewpoint in life, like developing a crush, not being angry with someone etc.) So i felt that my life was still pointless and empty, but at least I wasn't feeling extremely depressed, now just sad. So I started going out with friends alot more than I had been doing before and I felt that I was developing a stronger bond with them. I also started drinking alchohol much more than before and got way more drunk than I had been getting before. My friends always said that when I was piss drunk, I always complained about my life and that I was a worthless piece of shit. 

Okay now let's get to the real story. During new years eve we planned with our friend group of 5 to throw a small party where only we would drink and nobody else right. When new years eve finally arrived only me and my friend (lets call him chris) decided to drink, so we drank our beers outside because we didn't have anybody else to drink with. I drank alot more than him and was very drunk and acting stupid. So about 4-5 later i was still piss drunk and we decided to go meet with our old classmate because he had a house where we could crash. There was a girl from my previous school who was a year younger than me and she was so drunk that she could not walk so me and her best friend decided to help her walk to my friends home to crash there ( i had never talked to the girl before or anything like that)
So when we made it to my friends place, there was a girl who used to be my classmate and she started accusing me, saying that i helped the other girl walk because I just wanted to touch her ( i specifically held her like you hold a drunk person, so it wasn't sexual at all). I was very hurt when she said that and decided not to help random people anymore. 

About 2 hours later ( I dont remeber most of it) I had punched my friend chris so hard that his nose started bleeding and then i got beaten up by other guys i think?

Okay about 30 mins after that a girl i had a crush on once started talking to me, realising that I wasn't okay mentally. I know she was trying to help me, but she was just making me relive my horrible life. She reccomended me to see a psychyatrist, but I am too scared to tell my mum, because I know that she would be depressed, since she had to bury my brother when he was just 6 years old. 

I now have lost all of my 5 friends, because they finally understood that I was a fucking worthless socio/psychopath. I am contenplating suicide or joining a islamist group in my country ( i am a convert of islam, but nobody knew that before yesterday. ) that was a huge mistake since Estonia is very islamophobic and I saw in the eyes of one of my friends that he was shocked and not in a good way. 

I know I'm mentally ill, I know that I am a bad person. I really want to help myself, but I am too scared to tell my mum about anything. I am too scared to kill myself, but I really don't want to live.


Sorry for my username and bad English.

Thank you.