The worst suicideDepression I never thought it was for me.I was already sure and looking for any hope to get away. Every smile, every joke, every happy day was further proof that it was far from me. That it wasn't me. Worse, it was an excuse. 

To admit that I have a mental problem is to admit that I have hope. It is admitting that I really can do more. I have a way out. This is especially difficult. I could improve, but I don't want to improve. I want to end it all and have no hope. I want everyone to miss me and dream of some better future for me. Any of them will be better than reality. The reality is just that. 


But I can not. Of my activities, the worst I ever practiced was suicide. It was not particularly difficult to get rid of the ideas that I will cause suffering. They will overcome. It will be difficult, but they will. I have faith in the people I love. So why the knife just freezes my neck and doesn't cut it?. I think that this spectrum of life is not helping anyone either. The disappointment is not definitive, but it is constant. 


I just look at the floor and I can't find it. Why? If I am so rational in knowing that I will not be able to be happy, I will not be able to be loved, I will not be able to be strong, if I just want to run away and be weak. If I just want to be a memory, why don't I go down in history? Why do I still dream? Why do I still allow myself to dream? 


I fight my own reasons. I would use reason as an antidote to itself, but it seems very useless when I have the colors of depression in every and every mistake. The only answer is to try to iignore any cold analysis of possibilities, skills or consequences of how sufficient I am. And even with that I'm here. Living, crying, sleeping, waking up, cleaning. Tired out. Unable to breathe.


Will I always live like this? Always feel the wind of the train cars passing and never having the courage to anticipate it. I will drag myself through life. I will be pitiful and use the lives of others to be able to survive until they give up having nothing in me but a concern and a repeated cry for help. A better suicide should have at least firmer reasons for failing, but I don't. I wanted to disgust selfishness;  have fear of some hell; be ashamed of a failed attempt or even a supernatural voice at my ear of any of those antidotes for the losers. In my lonely moments, the possibility of ending this mess doesn't escape me in no time. I drown the possibilities with all sorts of procrastination. I set goals for days and they pass quickly and rearrange and I put smaller or bigger obstacles in droves to not realize that I have already decided. And I have no relief. It is an obligation that ties me up and I insist on not accepting it.


I feel no less alone when I realize that millions of people are just as miserable as I am. I feel sorry for the disillusionment of their real potential for overwhelming pressures and even more for those who are certain of and about their destiny. Every life matters, but some matter more. I remain sorry for any and all actions that I have already committed. Even though I have actively done good, I have never tried my best. I never did my best. I never satify myself with an afternoon. I could always be better and I chose the easiest way.