I'm just a Parasite to everyone around meI'm nothing but a worthless, scared, stupid, socially anxious, and lazy POS. I live with my GF's family for free and I provide absolutely nothing. The only thing I do is work with them to transport vehicles but I know that's not a permanent thing.  I'm in College going on my 5th year as a 23-year-old and I've gotten nowhere. I don't even know what to do in life... This Major is more of a desperation move honestly. I've been having seizures and I'm hoping that I'll blackout and die since it's incredibly peaceful. I'm too scared to do it by any other means... My Asian family will want to disown me after they find out I'm still not graduating.

I wish I could give something back but I'm too worthless to do anything. My only skills are typing fast (120 wpm), video games, and rapping. Music is the only thing that makes me incredibly happy but it's hopeless to think I could succeed when there are more talented artists out there. I've tried applying to a ton of desk jobs that don't require talking to strangers (I can't even work at a cash register because I start shaking and forgetting where everything is) but they all require a degree, experience, or both. I have nothing to offer. I really wish I could... As a kid, I've always dreamed of getting my poor mother the things that she deserves for taking care of me and my sister. It also sucks that I'm deathly afraid of her. I hate having so many things wrong with me. I couldn't even work properly at the fast-food jobs I worked at since my back gives out to where I literally almost collapse because it hurts so bad especially after one place where they give no breaks at all. If I was gone my GF would have a richer guy to take care of her better and her medical condition along with a person who can't provide anything to her family. I don't even deserve their kindness. I don't deserve anything.

&amp;#x200B;

I had a longer block of text but I accidentally highlighted it all and deleted it on accident. It was more detailed but honestly, it doesn't matter. If you read this stupid post thank you for taking the time out of your day to even read this sad post. Have a great day everyone. Hope everything goes well for you all.