Feel like I have nowhere to go and it’s all going downhill.Hello, how are you? Thought I’d introduce myself before I dive deep into the dark pits of my life. 

Especially since the beginning of the year, I’ve been struggling with a major depression funk. I am almost seventeen and I have my driver’s license. I am a gay male and have a boyfriend I’ve been dating for 20 months. My boyfriend is wonderful, but his parents are really hard to deal with, and have made me unable to see him for almost a month. It’s hard for me to communicate only over text because I can’t tell people’s emotions over text, and he doesn’t like to call, so i worry a lot if I annoy people over text. 

I’m homeschooled using an online program. My mom, divorced when I was 8, to my father whom I have a rough past with, lives with her “butch-dyke” girlfriend, and she’s been living with us for 5 years. I am scared of big tough and gruff people. This woman works 2 days a week and the rest are spent sitting on the couch while my mom tries to make a living. The days when the dyke is here, I sit in my room, for hours upon hours without food or drink, scared to walk into the kitchen because it will be awkward. Our personalities don’t mesh well together. 

My boyfriend has this new best friend who is a female and since she is new and fresh in his life; she is able to get a lot of his attention that I am trying to get also. She’s lesbian, but she kind of has taken the only time I can talk to my boyfriend, really my only friend, away from me in most cases. My boyfriend feels trapped in his house and is depressed because of his parents, and it’s in return made me feel lonely because I cannot see him.

Since I’ve started homeschooling, I have gained 60 lbs due to my depression, lack of exercise, and stress eating. I went from 160 to 220. I hate my body, but my boyfriend is fine with how I look. I over the summer started a crash diet where I ate 400 calories a day, but then I binge-ate Chick-fil -A and ate my weight back on.

Since the election in November, I also feel like politics have taken over my life and that Donald Trump is targeting me, because I see so much of my dad whom I don’t like, in Donald Trump. I live in a small Republican town as a gay teen, and I get called “snowflake,” “fag,” “libtard,” all the time. There are many moments where I go insane and yell at family members for being racist at the dinner table, or for saying an anti-gay remark. I travel a lot and feel happy when I leave America, but I feel that America has betrayed me. I’ve been looking for 7 months for a job and have gotten no offers even though I have a good resume, I get constantly ridiculed by Republicans for me being gay, and I am struggling with trying to leave my Baptist childhood religion for Zen Buddhism. 

I miss my boyfriend so much. He’s all I have left in me to keep going. I went to counselors, but they all gave me sugar-coated “it’ll get better” advice, but life has not been getting better. I feel as if I’m going insane and that I’m hurting everyone in the world.

I just don’t want to hurt him. And I’m worried I have been :/ 


I attempted suicide before. Once when I was 15. But I can’t attempt suicide because I have to keep going for him. If I were to ever lose him, I might have  no other choice, though. 

I just need help.
Please.


