Well I've tried three times.First time it was with a computer duster..I know you can die 'instantly' from inhalants..well the can wasn't very full and i woke up on the bathroom floor and my hands and feet were freezing cold..the second time i didn't have a duster so insted turned to spraypaint..also didnt work..would have but my brother caught me..tussled in the bathroom and got the shit everywhere - now nobody trusts me with any of that shit anywhere near me..all aerosol cans are gone. Third time I was trying to have fun for the first time in what seems like ages..but my little brother was treating me like shit..don't even realize if he knows he's doing it or he just..instinctively treats my like a pathetic piece of shit cause i am...i won some money at the casino..we went to my sisters house...and they left me there at her house watching their kid..i guess i wasnt fucking good enough to go meet whoever they were getting the weed from..even tho it was my fucking money...so insted of watching my nephew i went into the bathroom with spraypaint and tried desperately to inhale myself into oblivion..they got back and i got in a fight with my brother...left for a few hours...They just always treat me like that - like nobody actually wants me around. My little brother goes out and comes back and tells me of all the fun he had without me...he doesnt even try when im there..doesnt try to find a party or anything..at all..guess he's just embarassed of his loser older bro. Its not like its his obligation to take me to parties or anything but he's all I've got anymore..all my old friends fucking hate me now - i try to talk to them but nobody can even give me the fucking time of day. my life stopped being fun..i have no friends..every time i meet a girl she'll tell me to 'eat a sammich' which is fucking great on my self esteem. Often times i'll meet someone and try to vent to them..they get annoyed cause who wants to hear about how much my life sucks right? I used to have someone who would listen. I met her online..we talked for a long time..got her phone number..talked to her for hours and hours..thought i loved her..that went on for..well way too long but i have no life at this point..no hope of a IRL girlfriend..just this pretty girl from far away..i knew she couldnt be seein someone else..there was no time to..i was always texting and calling. She got cancer and while i was trying desperately to go see her i found out she's not the girl in the pictures she'd been sending me - i got mad and cut her off completely...i think i always knew but..never really wanted it to be true..not her..she loved me..well she tried calling...several times after that - texting..she was dying and I ignored her...i hate myself for it...sad thing is thats the closest thing to a 'healthy relationship' ive ever had. Just all these things..feels like its piling on my soul and I have nowhere to turn. My dad found out I was trying to kill myself and his first instinct was to call my mom(who left him) to try and get her to come see me(see him) - he's just using the situation to his advantage. Even now he hasnt tried to talk to me about it..nobody has - my mom wants to 'know whats going on' but im not typing out a bunch of texts to MAYBE get a response. I don't know what to do - i havent left the house in a week - i think my family is just embarassed of me or something...they dont tell me when they're going anywhere(live in the middle of nowhere..got to travel 20-30 miles to do anything) but they dont ask if i need to go...maybe id pick up a job application? maybe i have a friend? no..they just assume i dont have anyone id like to see i guess...nothing seems like its going to make this better right now...putting all this down didnt even make me feel better. I made this account for self-improvement before all this..Thought i was going to subscribe to /r/fitness and all that..doubt that'll happen now. It just sucks that the only people i have left to talk to are strangers i met on facebook - and they like so many before are getting tired of me...i dont know what to do..i can see how its gotten worse and nothing ever gets better. its always something bad. always someone leaving me..always someone insulting me..not wanting me around..i havent even gone over half the shit thats wrong with my life...i read all these other posts and i just want to yell at the OP cause they have no idea how bad it can get. 