Girlfriend is suicidal and I don't know what to do.I feel backed into a corner by my girlfriend's behavior as of late. I know she has struggled with anxiety and her childhood was not the greatest to say the least. She has difficulty with panic attacks and it feels like I can never do anything right in our relationship.

Over the past few days she has gotten more and more zealous about committing suicide. I ask if she is going to do it and beg her not to because she has so much to look forward to and it would destroy everyone around her including me. She either tells me she doesn't know if she is going to commit suicide or she says something along the lines of "I won't tonight." She then goes ahead and tells me about how I would get over her and that Id be happy and dating again within the year.

She has started making these dark, twisted jokes that really come off as sinister comments regarding killing herself. I used to be able to joke about those things because I knew I wasn't serious. But every time she jokes about it, I can tell that there are serious intentions behind it.

I've asked her to get help but she doesn't listen to me. She says she has tried to contact therapists but they either cannot accept new patients or are not answering back her calls. We have phone calls right before I go to sleep every night and she tells me more about how suicidal she is and how it seems like an escape. When I try to talk her down or say that isn't good or tell her that her future isn't worthless and meaningless, she nonchalantly brushes it off as false and just continues.

She recently gave me a key to her house so I could go inside if she is unresponsive to any messages because I voiced my concern of her committing suicide. Her sole parent isn't home a lot and wouldn't be someone I could go to with this. Their parent seemed uncaring about their suicidal behavior in the past. I ask if I should call 911 to get her help and she tells me that they wouldn't help anything. They would just make things worse.

I don't know what to do. Each night she calls me and tells me she is suicidal. I cry and get upset and start blaming myself for everything. I feel like my tongue slips sometimes and it makes things worse. When I try to explain things, she tells me I am just making things worse. I am being emotionally drained. I'm sure there is a negative aspect from my behavior toward her and I should be better but I don't know how to handle everything right now.

I'm worried one day I am going to wake up and she won't be there. And I feel like I would only have myself to blame.

TL;DR: Girlfriend is suicidal and I am her only support group. Things have been getting worse lately and I don't know how to help.