What's the point?Usually a lurker but really have to post here because I don't really have the will to live anymore. I'm 17 and a senior in highschool, I attempted suicide 3 years ago but the string I was using to hang myself broke. Recently for the past 4 months I have been talking to a girl I work with, we confessed feelings but never started dating due to her lack of willingness because of some emotional scars she had from her past relationship where she as well attempted suicide. My parents recently announced after Christmas that they were getting a divorce due to an affair so I was in an emotionally bad place.

She helped me get out of that hole and encouraged me to get help for some mental health issues that I had (History of mental health issues on my mother's side). Never ended up going to therapy because I feel like I didn't need it. She recently told me she was going to a school dance with another guy because we weren't exclusive and we had a lot of fighting recently and "she didn't want to go alone" I got really angry at her and told her despite our fighting we have had some great times and even though we were not exclusive we were still emotionally connected. The whole business with her going with another guy really put me in a bad place. I haven't gone to school in the past 2 weeks because of how much my life is a mess. My average has gone down by almost 5 percent since the start of the year and I am off my mark to get into university.She came to my house today and I told her I loved her and have been meaning to tell her that for a month, she said I don't love her and she doesn't want me to love her because at this age it's not real. She said she wasn't ready for a relationship as well so we have to our separate ways. I really think this is the end for me, she was the only one I could talk to and now she is leaving me. I have 2 hours before my dad gets home and Im debating downing this bottle of sleeping pills I found in my moms medicine cabinet. It seriously feels like my life is in shambles and I have no reason to continue.

Sorry if this is all over the place, Im just not in the right headspace for proper formatting.