I wish I had a friend and I wish she loved meI’m beginning to struggle with my life, and in reality I’ve been a struggling a long time, I’m 20 years old have have always been afraid to grow up, but my child hood wasn’t great either, in fact it’s something I would never wish upon anyone, my parents were married for 17 years and divorced when I was six years old. I was torn between the two and eventually stopped seeing my mum for years. Physically and emotionally I didn’t know how I felt because I can’t remember any good times from my childhood. 

Going through school wasn’t great either I never focused, I failed every exam thrown at me and I can’t seem to focus on anything at all, I have no interests and no value to life, I don’t see enjoyment when I wake up. I just hoped to die in my sleep every night but it never happened.

14 years old my life took a huge turn, I met the love of my life, and by that I mean I knew something was right because I valued life when I met her, I enjoyed conversations, meeting her, and spending time with her.  We did everything together, and by everything I mean everything, we moved in together when I was 18, at this point we had planned ahead of time and our future seemed to be pained as clear as day, at least I thought. 

When we move din everything was great, we wanted to get careers sorted, and ensure we had enough money to enjoy life, and what it threw at us.

October 2018 - I lost my job and wasn’t able to provide anymore, I became severely depressed and didn’t seek help for a while, when I finally seemed help I was put on Sertaline and it did nothing for me. But I didn’t say anything I just stopped taking it and tried to deal with the problems myself. I’d stay up all night and contemplate life, to the point of suicide and the impact it would have on everyone’s life. 

March 28th my girlfriend was out, I was at home by myself, I went into the bath room and wrapped the shower cord around my neck, put something on my feet to ensure I would slip, and have no possibility of going back. My girlfriend comes home to me in the shower knocked out, the shower cord must have broke but she just left me and went back out. 

We broke up after she admitted she had been messaging their people behind my back, meeting them, and spending nights with them. I’ve tried suicide since and will continue till something works.

I am no longer happy I’m just a product that’s past it’s sell by date, nobody wants me, and I know this, my friends seem like strangers I try to talk but they make jokes or try and lighten my mood and I can’t handle it.

I don’t know what to do, and this maybe the last thing I ever write, and if it is, I will always love the woman who broke me in the end, she fed off my insecurity’s and led me on for months, made me feel special and wanted, made out I had a chance but I didn’t. 

I will always love her.