Can't cope with this pain any longerI've had severe recurrent depressive disorder for almost 8 years possibly triggered by my PTSD that I've had since leaving an abusive marriage. I also have bulimia and self harm when distressed and self medicate myself out of distress too. There was a family upset in May following which all 3 of my adult children said how awful I'd been and how horrid I was, and my eldest and youngest child have written me out of their lives forever saying they never want to see or hear from me again and therefore I've not seen my baby granddaughter and won't know her as she grows. My middle child hasn't unfriended me on Facebook, but he agrees with his siblings and lives in another country and I have no contact with him. My depression has been severe and in recent weeks the grief of loss of relationship with my family especially my granddaughter has been unbearable. I wake, cry all day until sleep reprieves me. Sometimes the distress is too great and I will SH or take a lot of different medications to get to sleep.  
I'm doing a sponsored event on Sunday but after that I have had enough. I no longer have the strength to fight this or cope with this pain. The thought of my birthday,  Christmas and mother's day all alone and ignored is more than I can cope with. My children were my entire world and are my only family. I don't have any rl friends though I post on forums. 
I'm being seen my my cmht and the acute team but before when I've asked to go into hospital when feeling suicidal, the answer was no, because being in hospital doesn't stop someone ending their life if they're really intent on it so I feel sure they will leave me at home. I'm planning on taking my stashed meds either Sunday or Monday evening. By morning it will all be over and there'll be no more pain, no more tears, just peace. 
It's got to the stage when my first emotion each day is disappointment that I've woken,  as sleep is my only peace so I'm looking forward to that forever peace. I've battled suicidal ideation throughout the last few years but now that my family say they never want to see me again, there's nothing holding me back. Nothing to live for. I have no hope and cannot cope with this pain. Not long now, one weekend to get through. 