I plan on dropping out of college, work for some time and then kill myself, but I'm still hoping for the best ¿Why should I still be living?This year I was about to graduate from the local Language school (I'm from Mexico) as a English Language teacher, but a lot of shit happened all at once, covid-19 pandemic included. Right after what happened during my internship, I almost decided to drop out of the career asap. I just haven't done so because I already paid an irrevocable contract for the graduation party and because two of my teachers already talked me out of that. The thing is that I wish to drop out more than ever.

During my failed internship, my depression and anxiety sky-rocketed like hell. I just didn't feel like a teacher at all, I couldn't bring myself to finish the weekly lesson plans, I didn't have fucking idea of what activities get the students to do other than the book, my classes were utterly boring, I yelled and nagged my students all the time, I didn't like them and they didn't like me either. I started to hate them real bad, but I know that wasn't the most professional reaction and that this guys deserved a better teacher, so before I could ever snap at them or have a meltdown in front of them all, I decided to cancel my internship in order to do it again next semester. Meanwhile I would invest the time for that class in writing my dissertation thesis.  Basically, I sucked ass way harder than what I'd like to admit at teaching English. Working with mexican teens in middle school level just didn't helped at all.

I don't want to graduate anymore. I don't want to be a teacher ever again. I just don't feel compelled enough to finish my thesis. I don't want to teach toddlers, kids, teens, adults, or whatever. My short internship just showed me how much basic skills I lack to be a language teacher. Ever since I got admitted at that school, I knew I was studying there for everything else but teaching and just because I'm suppossed to do something with my life. I know the clock is ticking and as the days pass, I'm missing out due dates to send my thesis progress, but is like I'm waiting for the worst to happen so I fail all my classes, then have a reason to drop out, and then kill myself.

As days go by, I can't stop thinking I should kill myself because of how hard I'v failed to be an English teacher. It makes me feel worse the fact that a lot of my friends have been going through similar experiences during their internship but they still decide to go trhough and get the job done, dissertation thesis included. It makes me see how useless I am because I just don't know how to deal with stress and I suck at working under pressure.

I don't know what to do with my life now. I can't see the worth of stayin alive any longer. The only thing I know for sure is that if I ever actually drop out of college, I then would  have to kill myself just so I don't have to deal with the remorse of dropping out and being constantly called out by my family for doing that. At least I wouldn't kill myself inmediately after dropping out. I plan to work for a while in order to save money for the funerary expenses.