Suicide is quite tempting.Well, personally I'm exhausted as fuck from my depression, I have no energy and I've been sleeping for 15+ hours a day.

Last month or so I've been thinking about suicide and how my problems will simply vanish, only things stopping me from it is i don't want people to have to clean up my useless remains off a train track.

I have attempted using a belt a couple months ago i think that may work when I plan to carry this out, but I just gotta wait until I get paid to get a rope, so i can tie it to my roof and jump off it.

I just fucking give up basically, what's the point living, a trans-girl like me isn't worth living on this planet, it's clear as society treats me that way, and the world around me treats me that way.

Life always seems to reward evil people, it's so fucked as I see my abusers living happy lives, with jobs and girlfriends, but I'm sitting here debating whether or not to slice my stupid wrists open with a knife. 

Personally I feel as if I'm doing everyone a favor a person like me doesn't belong on this shitty planet and I'm such a nuance everyone.

I'm sitting here balling my fucking eyes out because of debts, unemployment or what not, and I see fuckwits getting into positions they don't deserve because they resign a fucking week later. The only reason they can get jobs is because there shifty little fucks with better social skills then me. 

My parent's aren't ever going to accept me for being trans, it's going to open the door to more fucking abuse from my father, i'll end up hurt that's for sure. 

I just want out, i don't care how, I don't care what method, but I want to suffer as much as possible before I exit this shitty planet.

Psychologically I'm beyond fucking repair, I'm just waiting for the perfect day to off myself, I'm thinking when I get paid so I can buy a nice meal before I jump off into the train tracks never to fucking live again.

Feels like it must happen, I want all my pain and suffering to end, nobody knows I'm in this much pain, nobody knows I'm sick of living, every day that passes i want to grab a fucking kitchen knife and slice my shitty throat with it.

But at the end of the day, does it really matter, when I'm dead I'm dead I shouldn't be caring about useless shit, such as what will happen to me etc.

All it takes is once decision and I'll be gone forever, and that kinda gives me hope, I think eventually time will run out. 

I shouldn't of been born in the first place, fucking giving birth to this mess of a human, who isn't even fucking normal, the fuck was i born so fucked up in the first place. out of all the people who could be trans it had to be fucking me.

I'm going to end up as a ugly monster in the end, I'm going to look awful, argh. Why the fuck wasn't I born the correct sex.

I've deleted all of my dead name accounts, and not one single person has said a thing ahaha fuck.
