QuestionEveryone around me says "Time heals all wounds," but honestly... does it really? I don't think so. Not at all. It just seems like bullshit people say when bad stuff happens. So what I'm asking is whether or not if it's true? That time heals all wounds... But before you answer, here is a bit of backstory.

Parents split up when I was 7. It made me sad, yes, and it caused a lot of problems for me, yes, but I don't think I was ever truly depressed about that. I had thoughts, but the thoughts were never about killing myself. Just wishing that I was gone from this world. 

Suicidal thoughts truly started when I was 14. When my mother was killed. She had just picked me and little brother up from school. Little did we know that an ex-boyfriend of hers, one that me and little brother looked up to as a FATHER, was waiting for us at the home. He shot her in the shoulder, but the bullet came of her neck. It says she died of exsanguination, but she drowned in her own blood. Then, the man shot himself in the head. 

I saw it all. By the time the day was over, I had blood all over me. On my clothes, on my face, on my hands, and somehow in my hair... It was horrible. I started cutting myself shortly after. I started to vividly imagine how I killed myself, what my funeral would look like, the whole shabang. But... I didn't suffer alone. Everyone, even people outside of the family, was affected, but I gotta say that it affected my little brother and our grandma the most.

 Little Brother was only 5 when it happened, but he was by far the clingiest child out of me, him, and our older brother. He followed our mom everywhere that she went, sort of like a shadow. School was already hard for him, so when our mother died, it became even worse and the teachers and staff did nothing to help him. He actually had to repeat Kindergarten. He is now home-schooled, but I have no idea if that's making things any better. It doesn't seem like it as he always says that if I die or our Grandma dies, he is gonna die too.

Grandma... Well, she lost a child. Not to even mention that the year before, she lost her mother. On top of that, she suddenly had to raise two, emotionally-damaged kids. It was hard. She constantly wishes that she was dead, not our mother. She tells me as such and it kills me inside. Because, yeah, I wanna die, too, but I can't. I can't as I have to be the 'mother' to little brother and 'best friend' to Grandma because that was what my mother was to them.

I'll be 18 in a month or so. Even though I resisted the urge to self-harm since I was 16, I relapsed today and my thighs are a bloody mess. Grandma doesn't know. She thinks I'm doing okay, but I haven't at all. I've tried though.

So, uh, yeah, is it going to eventually get better? Thanks for reading my word-vomit, btw, if you did. 