Here's how and why I'm gonna kill myself over money 

It's just that even if I magically got over depression, ptsd, panic disorder, anxiety, and psychosis my life would still be fucked up beyond repair. I'm tens and tens of thousands in debt and I'm only 22. It's been this way since I dropped out of college and then went to the hospital for a past suicide attempt. So now I have absolutely crushing debt from student loans, medical costs from the hospital, along with credit card debt because I'm an impulsive irresponsible idiot. My credit is sub-400 because so much of this has gone into collections and I haven't been able to keep up with payments. I eat on like $1 a day, have a cheap phone plan, a shitty car that needs so many repairs it could die at any second, live with abusive alcoholic parents because It's at least rent-free even though the abuse is intolerable, and work as much overtime as I can at the job I hate on top of giving plasma twice a week and it still isn't enough. By the time I make even 3/4 of my payments I have and pay for food and gas to get to work and back I have basically no money for anything including saving. That's working as much as I can and giving plasma and not a penny into savings and it still isn't enough, and other things just become more and more delinquent in collections so my credit only gets worse and worse. Some of these things I'm only even making interest payments so I'm literally making no progress whatsoever on the actual debt.

I can't move out of my abusive, disgusting house (pet waste, pests and mold *everywhere*) with parents who are drunk 7 days a week 52 weeks a year. Even working my absolute hardest at a job that I hate but the pay is ok and I can work overtime and plasma isn't enough. I can do literally nothing.

Even if I weren't depressed this would be a horrible horrible existence and that's the thing people don't get. It's not even about the mental illness anymore. Yes I'm taking meds and seeing a therapist and psychiatrist and have for 7 years but none of it has ever done a thing. I've done the works, every lifestyle change and med and therapist and group and therapy type and everything short of ECT or ketamine because I can't afford them and none of it has ever done a thing.

But! Even if it did, even if i was mentally healthy, my life would be absolutely awful. I can't live like this. I don't think anyone should. If someone described this life to me even if they didn't have a diagnosed mental illness I'd understand if they didn't wanna live. This isn't unreasonable or crazy. It isn't "just money." Money *does* buy happiness for some people and I'm one. I could move out from my horrible house, not work the shit job I hate and focus on doing things I enjoy and that heal me, I could afford more treatment options, I could travel, try to get back on track to going to college again, I could visit the couple friends I have who live far away etc. It all comes down to money. That's it. My happiness is dependent on money and I can't get it and won't get it. This is realistically the best paying job i'll get right now and I'm working OT and supplementing my income and it can't even touch my needs. Even bankruptcy wouldn't help because a big majority of my debt is student loans.

Just cruel. It's funny in the darkest way. Money is so arbitrary and it's what I'm gonna kill myself over. A social construct is gonna kill me. And if I had just had a better dice roll at birth I'd be completely fine. If I had just been born to rich parents like so many are I wouldn't have to die and could live a fulfilling life, but the way my life actually is I can't. It's impossible, I've tried everything. I've even very very seriously considered escaping my debt by moving to another country but it would be way too expensive upfront, even just a one-way plane ticket would be way too much. They say suicide is a last resort but it's like yeah obviously. Nobody stubs their toe or gets a hangnail and suddenly kills themselves over it with nothing else going on. I am using it as a last resort. I've tried literally everything else. Everything I can try, I tried and it didn't work. So this is all that's left.

Edited to add why bankruptcy wouldn't even help