it feels inevitablehi, so this is my first time posting on reddit. i don’t really know where to begin. i’m sixteen, and i didn’t think i’d make it this far. i don’t deserve to be alive. i’m a burden on everybody. i feel like a monster. i’ve been self-harming for a while now... just over two years? as it does with most people, it progressed as time went on. so what started off as cuts barely leaving a mark, i’ve now got nasty, purple, raised scars. my mum’s told me that i’ve ruined my body (it was already ruined) but i do find myself agreeing with her. i’m now a walking ‘trigger warning’ how is it fair on others that they’re exposed to scars that they’d be better off not seeing. i burn myself too, which feels pathetic. it hurts though, and i suppose it does the job. i used to take lots of overdoses and never tell anyone about them, nothing ever happened. i never even passed out. i ‘attempted’ suicide back in march, but i hadn’t planned it out and deep down i knew it wasn’t going to work. i was in the hospital for five days and then i was discharged. it was an attention-seeking stunt for the most part, and i ruined things for my family and friends. it was selfish, i know. i was hoping that things might get better, and that i might have got more support after an attempt. i was in counselling for about a year, for depression, anxiety and self-harm but then after a month i got referred to somewhere else with a restrictive eating disorder. if i’m honest, not eating helped me in so many ways. i’d stopped self-harming, and i was starting to feel more positive. but then i was put on a meal plan and i was told it was that or hospital (i was at a healthy weight) i was on the meal plan for about a month, i followed it with almost no problems but i started overexercising and abusing laxatives at the same time. i didn’t lose any weight, though. they thought everything was fine. my mum hated doing the meal plan for me, she acted as though it was the toughest part of her day to plan what i had to eat. she stopped doing it, so i did it for myself. she’d say that i wasn’t eating enough, that i was exercising too much and would call me names. she’d make me eat lots at night which would lead to me bingeing. i gained about a stone from my lowest weight, before i started purging. since october, my life has consisted of nothing but eating lots of very unhealthy foods, and then getting rid of it. no-one noticed for about six months, until my mum called me out for not cleaning the toilet properly. she then told my psychiatrist and support worker, and they weren’t particularly concerned. i refused to be weighed and that was that. i’m on fluoexetine at the moment, it hasn’t helped greatly but it’s caused me to have extremely vivid dreams and manic episodes. these manic episodes have included, me giving my address out on a public forum asking for someone to help me run away, trying to solicit myself for pills and alcohol to take an overdose and shoplifting razor blades. i think if i was able to do smaller amounts of reckless things, i’d be able to get some of this energy out. to take my mind off things. instead, it’s gonna end up with me killing myself. all of my problems lie within myself, mainly my appearance. if i was pretty, my personality wouldn’t matter as much. but unfortunately for me, i have no redeeming qualities. i’m a rotten person, on the inside and out. that’s why i feel like it’s inevitable that i’m going to have to kill myself. i have a plan now, which i didn’t before, and i believe in it. it could work. if i could start starving myself again (unlikely, as i have no control) it would almost definitely work. i’m allowing myself time to see if i can lose weight. either things will get better for me, like they did before or things will remain the same but i have a more certain way out. it’s not gonna be soon. i have exams for another week. then i’ll see if i can restrict my intake and lose some weight. i’ll also have to go to the shops unsupervised (i live in the middle of nowhere, not within walking distance) at some point to get one last thing i need. i’m so bored with my life. being depressed as a teenager isn’t tragically beautiful unless you are beautiful. it’s sad and lonely and i don’t want to have to feel anymore. it’s too much 