I don’t think my thoughts are a mental health issue.Everything you read, everywhere you go they will tell you these feelings are a result of mental health ‘issues’. 

I am fully aware of my situation. Yeah I had my share of tragic moments growing up. Whatever. I also know the mistakes I’ve made. I understand my perspective on how people have fucked me over is biased. I understand that it’s my own fault being where I am today. I know that I squandered countless opportunities for various reasons. I am wasting away. I just don’t care. I am conscious of all of this. I don’t feel depressed, I realize where my life is and I just want to press quit like a video game. I have full awareness of this. 

I’m 26. I have no one. When I say I have no one I actually mean it. I go days at a time without talking to someone. Sometimes weeks without seeing a person aside from the corner store clerk. 

I isolated myself and I know that. I did it because I hate everyone including myself. I’ve already seen the good and the bad of this earth and I don’t care for anything this society can offer me. The things I would have cared about years ago I already fucked up. (Dropping out of college, failing my Pt test for military, just to name two examples), and even those two things are bullshit constructs of a life that was planned for me by societies expectations rather than the real passions I had at that age. 

I worked a bullshit retail grocery manager job for years. Worked my way up several promotions. Made some money. Hated my life every single day. Obsessed over suicide constantly for years. It’s been 4 months since I quit that job. 

Honestly my plan right now is to kill myself once I run out of money. Already burned through 30k buying dumb shit and donating money to people on twitch and some random charity’s from charity streams people were doing. Whatever, I don’t know why I even wrote this shit. Just found this sub and it’s almost 6 am and yeah. If you read this far I hope it helps to relate, already forgot what the fuck the title was. 

-E