Giving myself the last few daysThen I'll go. I have nothing good in my life. I'm a complete failure, I'm stupid and I cannot pass my classes, I cannot have a job, I'm disabled. I have depression, a sleep disorder and fibromyalgia, and lately axiety too.  
I'm non-functional. 

I tried to build myself a better life, but I failed as I fail at doing anything. I have nothing to be proud of, nothing to look foward to. I'm going to drop uni for my grades and that was the only thing that mattered to me. 

It's not that I'll never be happy in the future, is that everything will go this way because I'm broken and I cannot be fixed. And I'm tired of failing at everything. 

I only want to sleep all day.

This is not life. Life is doing what you want, not what your illness allow you to. 

I'll do it at my first occasion of when I'm alone, I already have a plan. Take months worth of painkillers, some alchol, cut my wrist and take some warfarin, so even if they cure me for the cuts they won't figure out the overdosing. Or I'll bleed to death before they can even notice.

I'll suffer for 10 minutes instead of a whole fucking life. This is a bargain. 10 minutes vs a lifetime. I'll take the 10.  I hope I won't fail this too, as I failed everything else.

I hope I'll die. Soon. I'm feeling disappointed that I wake up in the morning at all. 

I don't know if I should wait for the 20th, I have to see my psych. But I'm tired. Every single day I'm tired even more. I cannot keep living like this. She will probably just up or change my meds. And few months from now nothing will change, because I'll be always stuck at the same fucking point of being nothing and worthless and having everything I care about took away from me.  
I never asked to be alive, why I should keep hoping that my life will improve, even if I know it won't work? Living for the sake of others is stupid. 

People will miss me, but who cares. They will be better without me anyway. No stupid, useless and lame me to care about anymore.

I would like to see my LDR boyfriend for the last time,  but... No. I won't wait. I'll go at the first occasion I get. Then I won't be able to do it until the end of August and I cannot see myself be alive for another week. The thought of August is dreadful. No, the next day I'm home alone I'll do it. 

I'm tired. I'm too tired. Let me rest.   
