I feel like I'm ultimately going to Die by my own handsMy whole life story isn't necessary, but I'm going to post it to make myself feel better.

I used to live in Michigan. I didn't have many hobbies or do much other than be on the computer all day. I've always been smart. I don't like saying that, because I feel like everyone who's dumb says the same thing, but it seems like it's true taking into consideration the results of tests I've taken in the past. Up until the end of high school I never really felt depressed. I was never happy and couldn't smile, but I was never "depressed." Then I graduated.

I hated life. It was boring, dull, I had no legitimate purpose, no friends in real life (2, really). No desire to better myself because why should I? Why should I better myself if all I need to live and be happy is internet, food, electricity and shelter? I didn't see a point in living. I decided that since I was going to kill myself I had no reason not to move wherever I damn well felt like it.

So I did. I left my free housing and food, I left my free college education. Some would say this is dumb, and I would be one of those people. But I saw it differently then, and I understand my point of view. If I was truly going to kill myself, better to leave and live than stay and die--even if staying and not dying would have been a substantially better idea.

I moved to a really far away state. Unnamed for confidentiality. I moved there, and I could now meet my best friends on the internet in real life. I now had, and lived with, my girlfriend. I actually enjoyed life.

FFW a year. I tried as hard as I could but couldn't find a job. My money ran out. It's Valentine's Day.

From here I don't know what to do with myself. I can't kill myself because it would destroy my girlfriend. I can't leave because same. I can't find a job because I can't work the job finding system to my advantage. Hell I can't even get weed to smoke e.e To make matters worse I've lived for a year in her parents' house and have barely contributed. I've only paid like, 100/mo for rent. I feel like a useless person, and my girlfriends brother pretty much told me as much today while I was just trying to make my girlfriend feel better after an argument with her mom. And it's fucking Valentine's day.

So basically from here I'm trying to find a job still, I'm also going to try to move back to Michigan in March to attempt to finish college with my girlfriend. But I may have lost most my scholarships, I probably wont find a job and I'll probably, well possibly, lose my housing soon. I just don't think my life will be a good one, and if ultimately it turns out I'll be homeless I guess I'll just kill myself. No legitimate reason not to should that come, because suffering is ultimately worse than death, regardless of how temporary the suffering.

I think the worst part about this is that I initially was going to kill myself because of a large amount of privilege but no reason to live, and now I'm going to kill myself because I have all reasons to live (My girlfriend--I love her so much ;-;) but no privilege. Or, at least, possibility for a good life.

I don't really have a reason to post here I guess, since people saying "don't kill yourself" won't help me not kill myself years from now, but I think I just wanted to get this all off my chest. I feel terrible today, and honestly I almost decided to take a gram of MXE to gamble my life away. I decided not to, but still. Probably closer to suicide today than I ever have been. 