I am jacks sad realization !You probably better read this 




Well im gone now , dead , not living , a ex person, worm food , hmm I always liked that parrot sketch ,
Well I suppose you wondering why I did this and to tell you the truth I'm glad I did I was quite sick of this life , it's too hard and I couldn't help myself from , fucking everyone over . There were 2 things that I loved my 2 girls and cats ,
Nina was my best friend but I treated her like shit , probably because I met gen  who treated me like shit , maybe I just liked shit 
 Well after spending the happiest time in years in Quebec with gen I came to realize that she was the one , I've probably talked about her to everyone except Nina, I was happy I wanted to move there it was one place where I could actually be happy  , I had my buddy there , everything is cheap and there seemed to be a lot of cats around . Perfect. But then I came home to a fucking ambush . It sucked . I thought maybe I could get gen back but know she moved on to Some fuck who won't last long anyway.  I really really really loved her and realized that when I was in Quebec . She probably didn't love me but . I just couldn't cope l the fact she moved on so quickly I mean I was only there 3 weeks ago. Life sucks it actually does suck . What is the fucking point of this . So anyway I decided to do it thus way cause , well I won't feel it . I think , 
 
Actually sorry jim I was a good friend until I stopped caring , I really was a dick . It's cool but . Not really but you know , I will try and haunt you but .
  And gen why can't I hate you , it's probably a sign of being a head case just like you . 
 And nina sorry for everything I spent most of my life with you , look after neo  . I hope you and gen finally meet . Just wish I was there to see it. 
 And guys make sure that gen comes she's poor and I can't look after her anymore .

 Oh work guys thanks for looking after me, I know I was a bum but you did anyway , cheers 
 
I fucking wish i stayed in Canada 
Everyone take there cats to the funeral 
I would like always look on the bright side of life    to be played when I'm put in the ground , not burnt just in case of a zombie epidemic , I want to be part if that!

Be nice to gen and Nina but please 