After years of heavy thinking.. I have decided to not make it to 2021.I am planning to do it on Dec 21st, the day before my 37th birthday this year.

Things in my life have progressively gotten worse for over four years..I thought back in 2019 that things were finally going to get better.. but then 2020 reared its ugly head. 

I've looked up a method I found will be quick and easy to execute. 

I don't think much will improve between now and Dec 21, and I already have been recording video goodbye messages to my friends, my hateful dad, and to each of my children that I haven't seen in over four years. They're better off without me, but at least I figured I'd owed a long, video response to each of them. Might do one for the ex wife who has ghosted me since 2016, but I'm sure she'll be happy once I take my own life.

No one is really going to care once I am gone anyway, but before I do it, I'm going to make sure I have a nice meal.. I already have a nice black dress ready to wear and I'm going to make sure I am made up with all of my makeup, my hair... try to smell good to hopefully mask some of the smell so I won't be too stinky for whenever my dad, or police or whomever finds me. 

I plan on cleaning everything in my house.. and I mean everything.. I figured I should at least leave a clean house so my dad won't have much to worry about in regards to wanting to rent out or sell this house (as he's the owner of the house). 

Sure, some people might be sad for a few days.. but as time passes, I'll simply be forgotten and no one will really miss me when it comes to the whole big picture of life.

My counselor and the mental health clinic I've been going to for nearly two years .. I feel .. don't really care about me. it took FIVE WEEKS for my anxiety and anti depressant medication to arrive in the mail this time (as they are rightfully not doing in person pick-ups due to COVID), with this pattern happening over and over again for nearly six months now. It sucks having all of these problems with bipolar, PTSD and MS thrown into the mix of everything.. can't get health insurance because I can't work.. even though I still have been trying to find a decent paying work-from-home/remote job.. seems impossible. 

And before anyone says so, I have already spoken to suicide hotlines on probably no less than 25 times. They can't magically fix my life.. they can't magically bring my children back into my life.. they can't magically make my dad love me. No one can talk me out of this. 

But at least will prove everyone right.. my ex-wife, my dad, all of the bullies and internet trolls who have called me weak .. each and every single one of them will come up winners and won't ever have to worry about interacting with me ever again after Dec 21, 2020. Plus, I am a pretty shitty person.. so I am definitely doing the whole world a favor.

I just hope that 2021 will be a better year for the world.. and by not having me in it will already give them all a head-start on having a better year.