It only gets worseYou atrophy and get older while everyone else improves their lives, and if you ask for help or a hand, like they got in their lives, they laugh and step on your face with cooing sounds.

It only gets worse.  No one actually cares. Not enough to do what is necessary, enough to say words, like a hollow wooden politician running for reelection, these words mean nothing and in fact as sounds come to represent betrayal. I failed. I failed, I failed and that's all that matters. I failed in actions after birth, and my body failed the second of conception.

I guess I don't understand, though. Is my body really THAT wrong?  Is my personality really THAT wrong?  No one gave me a chance, I gave myself a chance, but no one else did, and in this dance of humanity, that is a death sentence. So no one individually, though many individuals in individual actions, but an accumulated pile of shit that you're not good enough.

Well, OK.  This is humanity. This is reality. And apparently you can be many things but still be completely worthless when it matters.

I look at how humans mate, touch, "love" (yeah right), fuck, and all I see is that I am pathetic and worthless. I thought I was worth something, but that look, that look women give you, that you're not that 6.6 foot dominant man who plowed them that one time, so you're still a child, so you think there must be some woman, somewhere, who cares about other things, but she only exists in your dreams, she exists in words she speaks but not in actions she takes, and you wake up a day older, and you look at your gun, and you sigh, and you promise yourself you won't kill yourself until your parents grow old, but eventually you do as well and then you die, having never lived, because no one ever gave you the chance and dancing in the desert by yourself got old a decade ago.

It only gets worse. I'm looking into DIGNITAS.  Don't let people tell you it gets better, they'd be the first to laugh and turn you down. They'll be the first to offer "consolation" then start rumors behind your back.  They'll be the first to treat you like a little puppy for having feelings, for not being born in the right body. Body is everything.