Been having suicidal thoughts for about six months and can’t do it anymore...I feel completely alone and I’ve always been the black sheep of my family. We live in Utah, so of course very Mormon besides myself due to me not believing in 99% of it. Here’s why, and why my depression and a big chunk of my suicidal thoughts haunt me everyday. I grew up without my dad, my mom and dad had me young and my dad left a week after I was born because drugs and alcohol were clearly more important. So I grew up with a single mom and two younger sisters (different dad), my mom was in and out of relationships trying to find someone that would deal with her. No such luck yet, jee I wonder the fuck why. We have never been financially secure, and this is what I believe attributed to the start of my sexual abuse history. My uncle (by marriage) went to prison while dating my aunt for raping a minor, and for some reason my aunt stayed with him and they got married. He’s pretty wealthy, has his own business and also works a huge paying side job so he’s doing well for himself. Due to my mom working full-time and being single on and off again my aunt and uncle would babysit us after school and on the weekends. When I was six or seven my uncle would always make a fort and ‘go camping’ in the living room and he’d build the tent and him and I would sleep in it alone (again, he was my uncle and I was so little I wouldn’t have thought anything of it but my aunt shouldn’t have ever allowed this to happen due to his history) and one night when I was asleep I woke up and he was raping me and had something over my mouth. He started raping me every once in a while but then it was constant, everyday, every chance he got, every time my aunt was out of the house. He didn’t care that his kids and my little sisters were out running around the house because he’d always lock the door. As it kept getting more constant he’d start taking me to his friends apartment (telling me we were going somewhere else) and he’d give me underwear without the crotch part and then put ski goggles with aluminum foil in them so I couldn’t see. God knows who and how many people he let hurt me there, including my moms brother. I know my mom knew about it the entire time even though I was threatened time and time again to not tell anyone or ‘this is normal’ ‘everyone does this’ ‘don’t be a little bitch and ruin your moms life’ but my uncle paid for stuff and helped us majorly financially, but I was the one who had to pay for it. We needed clothes for school? He’d rape me in the parking lot of the mall. He volunteered to take me to the state fair? Park in the back and rape me before we went in. I’m inviting you to come camping with us? Well you’ll sleep next to me and I’ll shove my hands down your pants or put my head between your legs all night till you have a mental breakdown. My mom let him do this because he had money. When I was 13/14 he finally stopped, maybe because I was too old. Still at that age I didn’t know what he was doing to me because my mom never talked about anything sexual, because Mormon. I learned what had been happening to me in 8th grade health and I was traumatized. I was terrified of him. At this point I didn’t want to believe my other uncle had anything to do with it, and thought my uncle was lying to manipulate me further. But then my uncle was caught with child porn on his computer, and I know my uncle took pictures and most likely videos because I’d hear the clicks when I was the mask on and he’d show me the pictures printed out to scare me more. My aunt forbids my uncle (the one with the child porn) to talk to this side of the family and we haven’t seen them since besides funerals, which makes me think the pictures and videos on his computer were of me. When I was 16 was the last time my uncle tried anything on me, and he got me out of my cousins room to ‘help my little cousin get to sleep because she was asking for me’, dragged me to his room like always, gave me an envelope that I knew had One Direction (don’t judge, I was young) tickets in them because I was talking about their concert and wanting to go a little before that. He told me if I wanted them I’d have to let him play with my boobs for an hour. I slapped him and ran back to my bed because at that time I knew it was wrong and he was a disgusting human being. He gave me the tickets on my birthday a few weeks later and I had to act like I was grateful/excited in front of my family. It was a game to him. After that I refused to talk to him, his name made me sick to my stomach and I couldn’t tell anyone because he was the supporter of my aunt and my cousins- he couldn’t go back to prison because of me. My mom shamed me for not talking to my uncle that has done so much for me, sick fucking bitch. Mine and my moms relationship went to shit after he stopped raping me, she hated my guts and I hated hers. This trauma later developed into me suffering from panic&amp;anxiety disorder, no self confidence in myself whatsoever, knowing I’m an ugly piece of shit who’d ‘never find a husband’ because that’s what my uncle nailed into my head, being fucking terrified of being physical with a guy and avoiding it at all costs even though I’m 23 years old it makes me panic because I just remember pain, and now my chronic depression and suicidal thoughts. In October I got a promotion at my job and life was going okay, and then my uncle started sending me photos of when I was little telling me how cute I was back then, and my PTSD kicked in that I didn’t know I had. I freaked out. I blocked his number but my mind was everywhere and I needed out. My depression came back so fucking hard because I was scared he was going to rape me again. And that’s when my suicidal thoughts started happening for the first time, I’d rather die then ever have his hand touch my hand. I can’t look at the bastard without feeling nauseous. I now have stomach problems because of my anxiety and everything just got so intense. I decided I wanted out of Utah, I moved to Sacramento California with my great aunt and my grandma who has dementia (my grandma to this day hates my uncle because one time when I was a baby she saw him coming from behind the pool with me and I was looking at him with a weird look and she knew something was up, she told my mom and bingo, nothing.) I moved to California and couldn’t get a job that would offer more than 10 hours a week, I am someone who has a complete work history in management and couldn’t get anything because I have no confidence in myself and I think it is obvious. So, I moved back to Utah because 5 months of nothing was killing me. So I failed, yet again. I want out of here still, I need away from all of the abuse and demons here. My mom tries to make me go to church again (haven’t been since I was 16/17 and got my head out of my ass) but I refuse when people like my uncles go and are high up in the church. I know my uncle still does this to others, I see signs in his daughter and it kills me. He tried touching my little sister, thinking she was me because we were camping and it was dark, and my sister told my mom and she did nothing. My mom is horrible, horrible. She doesn’t care for us. Rare doctors and dentist appointments, didn’t get us braces when we were little, never once cooked a real dinner for us besides on Thanksgiving, these little things she doesn’t care to do for us really affect us now that we’re 17/19/23.. she’s the reason I refuse to have kids because I would fucking hate myself if I made my kids feel the way she makes me feel. Whenever I try to explain my depression or feelings she changes it to boo hoo my life isn’t great either, and then she yells at me when I don’t talk to her about things. It’s so much emotional and mental abuse. I feel like such a fuck up when I’m not, I graduated high school which she failed to do, I have two full time jobs and money in my bank account ready to move into a 3 bedroom townhome by myself and be financially stable, I’m a great person who’s very loving and accepting of everyone even if it’s not returned I don’t mind, I try my hardest, but nothing I fucking do is good enough. My mom doesn’t want to let me move out because I’m her bank, she knows how much money I have (she’ll peak over when I open my app) and so whenever she’s in deep shit she knows that’s what I’ve got and she doesn’t want me to have major bills like an entire rent to pay because that means I won’t be able to help her. I’m tired of crying myself to sleep, I’m tired of memories from my ‘childhood’ replaying over and over, I’m tired of being so alone with no friends because I can’t take my walls down because I feel like the second people hear about my past they’ll bail, I’m tired of just trying to force myself to not cry. I’m tired of living. I wish I had enough strength to kill myself, I really do. But I’d for some reason feel guilty. At this point I feel like my uncle won. He really did it. He broke me. I didn’t have a chance. He made me want to die. And I know a lot of people have had it so much worse, I just wanted to write this down for the first time trying to heal myself. I don’t know what else to do. I’m so lost, I’m so unhappy and feel like nothing will come my way and if it does I feel like I don’t deserve it or it’ll be yanked away from me. I feel so trapped. I’m sorry this was so long, I literally don’t expect a single person to read this but if you did you’re a saint and thank you. I just needed to vent and make it anonymous so I can’t hurt or affect anyone. Sorry. I really hope anyone who’s going through shit right now finds a better way out and happiness. It just hurts to have never felt loved by anyone or anything and not have a single person I can talk to. Again, I’m sorry and really hope no one had to read all of that because I rambled a lot.