I didn't want to post this, as I have many enemies on Reddit who may rejoice! But even a troll can feel very low. I truly don't think I can take my life much longer. My reddit "alter ego" is a hardass troll who shoots his mouth off whenever he can. The real life me is a 34 (birthday was yesterday) year old guy who walked away from a career he hated, is living back at home with his parents, and is in the worst state of mind of his entire life. I was excited to quit the business I was in, and try something new, but that excitement has turned into a nightmare as I realize I'm 34 with nothing at all to show for it. My parents encouraged me to move back in, and now spend their time degrading me and accusing me of being "on drugs". I don't have the motivation to start a new career, and at this point I'm in tremendous doubt if I'll ever find anything to do that will make me happy. All I think about are the relationships I have ruined throughout my life (I used to be a drug abuser) and the woman who I love more then anything in the world, who won't even speak to me. I just can't take it reddit, every thought I have is negative, the only thing that makes me feel a little better is to think of painless ways to kill myself, like jumping off a tall building or something of that nature. I try to tell myself that I don't really have any problems, that I'm privileged and compared to most of the world in a great place. But for some reason all I can think about is what I've lost. I don't think I will ever find another woman like Amanda, and I beg G-D everyday to change her heart towards me, but I can't blame her for not wanting anything to do with me. She was the love of my life, I know this now, but when I was with her I spent more time smoking pot and hiding out then being a real boyfriend. I've had so many great people in my life, and I've pushed them all away through idiotic drug-induced apathy. Quitting drugs entirely hasn't made me feel better, it's just made it so I can't hide anymore. Why go on living if I feel like this everyday? I honestly think, in an objective sense, I'm better off dead. Today I was fishing in a lighting storm and begged G-D just to take me right then and there. I'd rather not kill myself, I'd rather die of natural causes, but I just want to die. This life just doesn't hold out much hope for me anymore. Sorry for the long, sad rant reddit, I just need to talk about this.  