first time, my storyI've never been on here before. I saw it, and... Figured on could give it a shot.
I will be working under a fake identity, Penny Silvers.
For a little bit of catch, up. I'll tell you what happened with me.
First, I must tell you what PFEW is. It's basically a program, done for a week, where you are a college student for a week. It's for 10th graders, and 11th graders.
Over 20,000 kids apply, and I was one of the 1,700 to get accepted.
So, I was really excited, and I was super pumped to go.
Now, let us begin our story.
All names have been changed.
On May 17th, 2015, I attempted suicide. Obviously, I failed. I would have been successful, but my friend came over to my house, unannounced. She walked into my room, and literally saw me hanging. I can't imagine how that impacted her. She did whatever she did to get me down, and got my parents, and that was that.
The next day, my friend told the school. They brought me down, and questioned me. They asked to see my arms (I cut), and I denied, saying I don't have to. My one friend got mad that I got away with it so easily. So she told my one teacher, Mrs. Adams. Her and I have a connection. She was my English teacher one year, and she's been my theatre teacher, always. She's my favorite teacher, and.. Well. She was more than concerned when she found out. So she pulled me out of class, and talked to me about it. Of course, I couldn't lie. It was near the end of the day, and Adams wanted us to go down to guidance then. I denied, saying we could go Wednesday. She asked why not not or tomorrow, and it was basically because I wanted to go on the Gettysburg trip the next day.
So, we're now on Wednesday, the 20th. When I got to school, it was normal, until fourth period. Adams called me down, and asked if I was ready to get help. She said seeking help made me the bravest kid she new, and she was super proud of me. I made her proud of me, even in the situation I was in. After spending the day in her office, exceeding school hours, and answering questions from people all day. At around 4:10, they sent me to Dubois Behavior Health center for suicidal idealization, and attempted suicide. 
This place was basically a psych ward. There were others there too, but most of them were there due to not having a home. They were all under 18 in my unit. I spent two weeks of my life there, and it did not help at all. The only good things were I got sleeping medication, and they found out I had a split personality disorder, which, is what gives me those thoughts, but it does a lot more too.
After getting out, it was the last few days of school. People questioned me all the time, but I let it go.
I was happy.
Up until July.. I started cutting again, and writing about suicide or giving others pain. And I was gonna do it. And I was gonna be successful. But I remembered. 
I remembered how excited I was to have been accepted to PFEW. I remembered how much I wanted to go, and I got those feelings back. PFEW gave me an excuse to keep living. During the wait, I still cut. No one there noticed the cuts aside from Max and Jasmyne, people I met while I was there.. But they were there. I even did it there one night. But.
I made it until then.
PFEW saved my life a LOT, because it gave me that excuse to keep living.
The only problem is...
I can't find that excuse now.
And I've figured out what I'm gonna do, after school starts up (I guess I do have an excuse, the start of school, and seeing how my I enjoy my set up)
But.. PFEW saved me.
The only problem is.. What's gonna save me now..?
And, I think I have the answer.
But it's not something this world can provide.
Please.
Help.