I Just Don't Know AnymoreSorry in advance for the wall of text.
Where to start.  I'm a freshman in college, 18.  I have no real friends.  My family, the only people that I think truly understand me, are essentially on the other end of the world.  Every night I feel depressed.  I feel alone and isolated.  I feel worthless, useless, like I don't deserve to be here.  I have a constant looped track of thoughts running through my head that I can't seem to stop -that I'm weak, devoid of utility and worth, that there is no reason for me to exist.  I have no talents, nothing that really makes my presence valuable to anyone.  I'm just a mannequin, a place holder.  I don't feel like a real person; I feel like a shell, like I'm living only half of a life.  

I don't feel that my time in college is worthwhile.  I know it's supposed to be "the best years of my life", but I just want to get it over with.  But even if I fast-forward four years, what then?  Where do I go, what do I do?  "Just something to get over with" describes my entire life.  I feel like my only purpose is to die.

When I am at my lowest, as I am now, it feels like I will never be happy, and I never really was.  As I write this it feels like it's been years since I've been satisfied with my life; I can't remember the last time I went to bed looking forward to the next day.  The closest I can get to contentedness -when I play poker or pool with some people I know- is just a dull numbness.  I feel like I laugh to fit in, to put on a mask over what I truly think and feel so that I don't kill everyone else's fun.  At best it feels like I'm living off of borrowed time, like I am just staving off my own inevitable suicide.

Sleep is my only cure, but even that is only temporary.  I wake up with a malaise, an apathetic feeling towards myself and the world, but at least I'm not depressed.  But once I get back to my room, it all comes crashing down like a deck of cards. 

The only things that keep me from killing myself are my family and the rational part of my brain.  I know that my death would cause extreme and undue harm to those I love, and I'm not willing to do that to them.  I also cling to the idea that my feelings are only temporary and irrational.  That someday, somehow, it will stop.

Every day, though, those thoughts get a little weaker.  I feel like it's inevitable; I think about suicide several times a night.  A few days ago, it was staring at a pair of scissors contemplating stabbing myself to death.  Today it was thinking about enlisting with the Army or Marines for the sole purpose of being deployed into a warzone.  

I can't even trust my thoughts anymore though.  I can't tell if I'm thinking about suicide out of some subconscious desire for attention, or if I'm actually serious.  I just don't know anymore.

I'm sorry.  I don't want to be a burden on anyone.  I just can't turn to my family because I don't want them to worry, and I don't have any friends to talk to.

I just want to be happy, but I feel like I've forgotten how.  I feel like there is something wrong with me, something broken that I don't know how to fix.