Another ventI say another because I've found myself posting to this subreddit a lot recently. I mean let me go over what's happened recently.

So Thanksgiving my parents went shooting early in the morning, and when I woke up they had come back and left again to go shopping. But my step dad left all of the guns out. When I saw them I kind of like, blacked out right? My whole lead up into Thanksgiving (along with Thanksgiving day) was met only with turmoil and despair in the circus of my mind. So I just like almost lost control of myself. Like I wasn't doing this with purpose, I just was moving. I loaded a 1911 smith &amp; wesson (a beautiful one at that) and I just held it in my hands for a bit. I just felt so powerful. Like I held agency over my life, in the chaotic storm that it is. But I couldn't do it. Once I really realized why I was doing this, I just felt afraid right? So I unloaded the bullet and I have it to this day. Maybe as a reminder as to how close I was? Or maybe if I plan on using it again? Who knows?

Anyways, since Thanksgiving, things haven't gotten much better. My anxiety has been through the roof. I've been losing sleep. I'm so afraid of those I love just leaving me. My girlfriend especially I've felt would leave me. For those who don't know (I've posted these things before I am almost a regular here lmao) my girlfriend left me when suicidal thoughts and tendencies began creeping in. But she eventually went through it and realized what she did and we've been dating again.

But I don't know.

My whole week has been filled with fear and anguish. I've been isolated. The little contact with people I had was short lived and when it ended I was brought back to my prison. I've come to realize that I don't think I want to kill myself. But living has become so hard and tiring and strenuous that dying just seems like the best option.

I've been afraid and alone and lack of contact has become hard. My parents don't understand and life has just been sucking. I got a new antidepressant so I'm hoping it works but I don't know dudes life has just gotten so tough.