I don't want my family to remember me this wayWhat's keeping me going are calendar milestones: I can't kill myself now because it's too close to my brother's birthday. Then it will be my mum's birthday, then my dad's etc.

I feel like it's inevitable, though, so I am terrified of what's going to happen when my own birthday comes around. My next birthday is a big one.

I have read this [NHS leaflet](https://www.nhs.uk/Livewell/Suicide/Documents/Help%20is%20at%20Hand.pdf) designed to support people left behind when someone takes their own life. I can't do that to my family. I know deep down the universe overall is a better place without me in it, but I also know they would never be able to see it that way, so their universes would be worse, and because it's my own family and the only people I have left in the world, I just can't take this step.

If it wasn't for them it would be such an easy decision. I've planned out the entire thing, covered every angle regarding method, making sure the body would be found in time, etc.

I've tied up all financial loose ends. I have no job or responsibilities, I'm just a drain on my mother's bank account now. I don't see any route between my current situation and normal life. I'd never pass any kind of job interview in my current state.

I keep thinking I'm going to do it, and then I remember that leaflet and I just can't bring myself to order the parts I would need to carry out the deed itsself.

I feel deep down it's inevitable and knowing it's an option is the only comfort I have left.

My overall point is: I've noticed I've started trying to make my family dislike me. I've become a horrible person because I wanted to make them happy/relieved when I finally do it. But I am conflicted because I fear they would not be happy/relieved but instead would just remember me as I am now.

I want to leave them with only happy memories but I have forgotten what it means to be happy. If I died today I think they would struggle to remember a time when I was happy, so they would only remember these last few years of isolation and misery.

Sometimes I wish they would all die in an accident or something, so I would have a legitimate reason to feel this way, and I would have nobody to hurt by ending my own life.