I don't deserve to be alive. (Beware, long post.)Everything in my life is wasted on me. I live a comfortable middle class existence. I didn't earn anything I have, and certainly don't deserve it. I'm just the personification of useless. I'm not attractive, talented, clever, funny, charming or even likeable. My parents wish they didn't have me, a fact I can see in their eyes, and the rest of my Family could give less of a fuck whether I live or die. And Friends? I used to have those, then I drove them all away. They were good people and I never deserved to be around them. I'm a vile, unbearable, toxic little shit who deserves everything that has come to me.

I mean, who ever would look at a husk and a shell of a person like me and see anything of even remotely redeeming or worthwhile value? My "life" is so fucking empty. I have never worked outside volunteering, had a relationship, been popular, been recognized, been kissed, had sex or had close friends for long. Because that's my greatest weakness - even when I have something good and positive in my life, I fuck it up and send it away.

Compared to other people of my age, I am nothing. I'm a loser, in every sense of the word. I mean, what would an average person my age, with lots of friends and meaningful experiences, want with a kissless virgin that still lives with his parents, never worked and hates going to parties? Who would want to hang around a wretch like that? Who would want to be near a scumbag like that? What would I tell other guys about my life? I have nothing to say to them. Nothing of any importance or relevance to anything. I rarely leave the house, and when I do, I'm always alone. Going to Uni, leaving, going to the Gym, the Cinema, wherever - always, perpetually fucking alone. And that's how it's going to be. At least in High School, I had people I thought were Friends, I got along with them and talked to them. I thought I was happy, but it was a lie. Once they didn't have to see me, they cut off contact and rightly so.

And the thing is, I used to think I was really ugly, even though I wasn't deformed or anything. But every time I had to look at myself, I just felt revolted, disgusted and ashamed, even when some people thought I was "cute." I never understood it, but then I realised the truth. I was seeing who I really was, and they could only ever see the surface. I am a liar, a traitor, arrogant, condescending, a narcissist, weak, useless, pathetic, talentless, worthless, a failure, a disappointment, a wreck and above all else, nothing. I am fundamentally nothing. My Family knows this, even if they'll never say it, they recognise the mistake my birth was to them and to the Family. Every Friend I've ever had, I drove away. Whether by acting like a cunt, or by the nature of my own toxic, unbearable personality, I drove every single one of them away. And that wasn't their fault - they saw who I really was and rejected me, as well they should. I'm broken and can't be repaired.

I know I'm hideous inside and outside. That's why I don't blame anyone for the fact that I am such a disgusting worthless piece of trash. My "hobbies" are garbage. My interests are boring. My life is completely empty. My personality is dull. I'm not even smart. Not attractive. Not motivated. Not fun... Nothing. What will I do? Finish a career I don't like. Get a job I'm not prepared to take. Live a fucking life just pleasing others and then fucking die. Alone, certainly. What have I lived for so far? Why would I want to keep going? All for nothing. No achievements. No experiences. No relationships. No fucking goals. No ambitions. No future. Hell, I'm not even good at videogames. I just want to die. I'm tired of being alone. I'm tired of crying when everyone is asleep. Tired of wondering what did I do wrong. Tired of thinking how much I want to be like the others. Tired of wanting to change, to help; and being unable to do it. Tired of feeling this impotence and this rage. Tired of reviving those memories wishing you could change everything. Tired of living in this house, where I can't do anything. Tired of having all those sweet dreams and waking up. Tired of having to live under a facade of content and happiness in front of everyone. Tired of lying. Tired of worrying about what others think of me.

Tl;DR (and who in their right mind would read it?) - My life is worthless and I deserve to die.