I wil end this feelings, this void inside me.Sorry for any errors in the text. I don't want atention, or help, i just want to tell my history. And maybe help someone who read this.
I'm a male 26 years, at a bad job, because i never study anithing to the end, bad payment. My father begin to back away from my family the moment i have been born, until them he was present, i have a sister 3 year older tham me. This hurted me when i discovered, but i managed. When my sister lived with me and my mom, we always figth, sometimes was my faut but others don't, but i awayls ended in trouble with my mom, beacuse i was wrong everytime at her eyes.
I found a gilr with my 19 years , we started to date, soon enough she became my girlfriend, for 4 years we are together. But i always have this problem of thinking that i'm holding people down, we have maked plans to marry, to live together, but that feeling, made me talk to her to we give a time to us, so she can figured if that was what she wanted, we broke up. After 2 months we meet by accident in the shooping, we talked we laughed we hangout, and she said " i really love you, now i understand why did you said that, but you don't drag me down" . She was a princess, in every way. And me the bad boy, punk rock with earings, skull belt etc. After this time we met, she told me that her family never liked me that much, and was afraid if her mom find out what she would do. One day after 2 months together again, her mother find out about us, and said to her "You chose, stay with him, or stay without the car that i brought to you" she break up with me, and never again we talked, she ignored me, even saying that she loved me and etc. That hurted a lot, that i tried to commit suicide, didin't work out, i'm that uselles. afters this i was devasted, i hang out with other womans but never again felt love for anyone. In the mean time, i have been fitghing with my mon and dad one time or another, being compared with my sister, that have a sucessiful job. My sister she is the definition of sucess, me on the other hand. after 3 years of this, i have envolved my self with a married woman, it was only for a one night stand, but become a second night, a third, i started to feel again what i never think was possible again, and we become more and more close to the point that she said that she will divorce so we could be together, I feel in love with this woman, but again, destiny has another tricky for me, turn out that her husband found out, and after months in this, " i will divorce him to be with you" she didin't divorced, she lied to me, even tthough she said that she love me, she have feared if her divorce, what her family would say. and so many other things, that dont fit in here.
Again my heart has been broken. But this time was diferent. The things i do to relax, to chill, that i enjoy, started to fade, started to don't give me more joy, Fuck i love to read but now i cannot open a book to read, there is nothing more there, that magic is gone. See a movie, play videogames, go to a pub, everything ihave become a bad thing. And i dont want to live like this, because this is not living. "When you can't sleep, well, you can't dream, When you can't dream, well, whats life mean?" The beauty in the world has gone this time, this has hited me so hard, that is not my heart that got broken is my soul, my inner me. And i dont want to be here anymore.
I've alredy planned how to comit suicide, when to do it. I don't want help. I dont' want to be here anymore. I want you who read this, to be aware, that ifi you fill sometinhg like that, seek help. don't let it consume you, the way that consumed me. don't let it go this far.
Thanks for your time. Sorry =) and goodbye.