a life lessoni have so much regret. My close friend was addicted to weed, was dumped by his girl, lost his dog, and his cousin. He told me several times, "I am depressed. I want to die, I can't handle it anymore". My take? Be grateful you are still going, that God gave you another day to live for a reason. He used to send messages to the Group Chat on Insta at 12 at midnight, and not one person would ask him...

"Why are you posting this much?"

We got so used to him being high, so I let it go. The last time I spoke to him, I asked him, "Why do you lie to yourself about spirituality? You're coping with something." He responded that he genuinely likes it and makes him happy. The next couple of days, the Group Chat went silent. 

Woke up and got a call from a crying friend. 

"He killed himself." 

My whole body went into shock. I couldn't believe it. I still can't. Our close friend is gone. And I can't help but blame myself. I could've done more. I COULDVE DONE MORE. Tell his parents he was struggling. Call him up and have a discussion. Meet up in person. We spent so much time together man. But, as I cry writing this, I can't help but think this was going to happen sooner or later.

I just feel like absolute garbage. I think I failed two of my five final exams in first year Uni. I don't know. My ex-girlfriend doesn't seem to care that I am fighting this alone. I talk to people, but I just feel lonely. Maybe... maybe this is how he felt all those nights when he spammed the GC with Bohemian Rhapsody lyrics. Maybe he felt alone. 

I sound pitiful. So, I'll just cut to the point. If you know someone, who has been quiet, who hasn't been involved; get them to be on your side. Talk to them. Do everything you can to make others happy, because when they go, at least you can feel satisfied that you did everything you could. God, I miss this kid man. Don't kill yourself. Please. You have no idea... no idea... how much pain it brings to all of us, even people you've only seen a couple of times. 

\- j.