Last shot at this. Likely hanging myself next weekI've been a porn addict pretty much since 9-10 and as the years went on it definitely warped my thinking. I had taboo fantasies but have never watched anything illegal or been interested in anything of that sort just so you know.

I've been suffering from severe depression for a long time and have spent the past 4 years in isolation. In isolation I pretty much spoke dirty to a lot of random girls and made a few mistakes a long the way that I regret and gave me extreme paranoia. Here they are:

- When I was 15/16 I did date a girl who was 13 and 12 but didn't know this was wrong or immoral or whatever. No pictures or anything, nor did we meet it was all online but did talk dirty to the girl that was 13 when I was 16. I still feel like a pedo for dating a girl that young but I thought it was normal at the time as I knew other guys who dated younger girls. 

- At 17 I spoke to this 15 year old girl on kik. She bragged on about fucking older women and so I pretended I was older than I am (said I was 24) because I was turned on by her "sluttiness" so the conversation went on and on and I stupidly ended up asking her what's the youngest person she would fuck, to which she replied she has no limit. I was turned on by how slutty she was and stupidly asked her if she would fuck someone who's 11 and she said yes. It turned me on. Not the whole fucking an 11 year old part but by the fact how horny and slutty she seemed to be. I regret saying that stupid line and am worried it's a criminal offence of some sort. I've never ever been into children or watched child porn or done anything of that sort but what I said still makes me cringe because I played along and said I agree with her and that I have a girlfriend who's 12 that I would fuck. (There's no girlfriend I just made up the scenario because the sluttiness of the convo turned me on ). At the time the last thing on my mind was a child but her horniness and the extremity of what she said turned me on. I still feel this makes me as bad as someone who's seen child porn. Even though at the time I didn't even realise then shit I was doing was quite messed up.

- At 18 spoke dirty to a girl who was like 14 or 15? (didn't know this was illegal) because I know a shit load of older guys who have dated girls that age and everyone seems fine about it. What really fucked with me was this one time I spoke dirty to a girl who bragged on about fucking loads of guys and seemed experienced with fetishes. She seemed young but I sub consciously thought she was older and pretty much dirty talked with her (no nudes) and she sent me porn gifs of adults fucking to which I jerked off too. Once we finished she vanished.
What fucks with me is that after looking at her profile picture time and time again she seems young as fuck. Like 13 or 14 and I'm paranoid she might be younger. Then again she could be like 16 or even 18 because lots of girls look petite and small and younger than they are. I guess I got caught up in the moment and stupidly dirty talked to her because I was so accustomed to it. I really should have asked her age considering she looked young. No pictures were exchanged, no taboo/illegal talk was done and I didn't ask her to meet her or anything creepy of that sort.

I'm suddenly more suicidal and paranoid about these events because I turned 18 recently and realized that I'm an adult and that certain shit is illegal. I've been freaking out ever since. 

There's a lot more but these are the few major events that eat away at me. I've told my mum about it and she's understanding. Thing is thought I'm paranoid that if someone finds out they'll wrongly think I'm a pedophile or arrest me or something. I know I'm not one but you never know with the law.

Porn has pretty much made me a suicidal, depressed, paranoid, sexually addicted freak and I just want to end it all. I've since deleted kik and stopped talking dirty to girls if it helps. I've been freaked out ever since.

I've posted several times here before but I just can't take it anymore. Porn isn't the only reason Im suicidal but it definitely adds to it. I'm a normal, good spirited guy but isolation and my own bad choices have ruined me. 

I basically intend to play my favourite video games and then hang myself when I get bored. I have nothing going for me.

Weird thing is the guilts started recently and it's so bad that I've been losing bits of hair and at times felt like I was going to pass out. I can't take it. 

Seems like quite a few people down voted me so if you think I'm a monster stop hiding and just say it to my face. I'm tired of this shut and am going to be gone soon anyway. I'm a normal guy but I'm now paranoid that certain mistakes could ruin me.