I'm Living in a Nightmare and I want it to EndI feel like I am living in a nightmare and I just don't wanna experience it anymore. I know people have had it way worse than me, but I realistically do not think I can keep going on.

A couple of months ago I was raped and I was threatened to keep it secret; I made the mistake of waiting too long before having it reported. I go to a University, so the University decided to help "keep me safe" alongside the Police, as it was their idea to investigate after hearing what had happened. However the University began investigating, but because it created a lot of controversy, the case was closed twice (I repealed it but it just recently again closed) without any charges, and the police would not take me serious. What's worse is the fact that the roommate of the rapist and the rapist himself have been harassing and spitting at me ever since the case was filed, and the roommate is very close with most of the Residential Assistants and their boss, explaining why they won't even acknowledge my existence. 

Rumors spread saying I faked it all for attention, despite witness accounts and after backing from mental-professionals I had to seek because of the trauma (of which they gave coping mechanisms but said I was beyond their care and I would need to seek outside the University help); people constantly give me dirty looks, spit at me, getup and move away from me if I sit near them, and any romantic connections I had/relationships have resulted in me getting dumped because no one wants me based on the rumors + the baggage.

I don't have family support either, as I don't really have much blood family, and the family I do have I am dead to them. Lot's of my friends have stayed out of the situation to avoid getting harassed as well; I feel so alone and like I don't belong here anymore. Before all of this, I thought the childhood trauma and everything that happened from growing up would stay in the past, even after affecting me, but this is the nail in the coffin.

I really feel like I can't do this anymore, but thank you if you actually read it. I just wanted someone in the world to know what I am going through; at least someone might understand.

&amp;#x200B;

Tl;dr - I was raped, University buried my case, most people are on the side of rapist's best friend, I am regarded as sub-human by 95% of people I know.