Ive been depressed for years but until now, suicide didn't seem like a viable solution.50 years old and lost my job.

In debt.

Health issues

Only a brother and sister who i haven't see in 6 years. I have been so depressed for so long that they wouldn't be surprised If I killed myself. 

Ive been pushing my friends away for years and few are left

The last time I was unemployed, it took me a year to find a job and I cant do that again. I rent a room in a house and I've started to clean-up and label my things so those I leave behind wont have to do much work. I have no motivation any longer and my life seems to be one failure after another. 

I'm a good person though. I've never been in trouble with the law and I'm always quick to help people in need. I even volunteered for 2 years looking to give my life purpose but even that doesn't buoy me any longer. My best friends have been pushed away long ago. I feel I've been building towards this for a long time. 

My father died when I was 11 years old and it twisted me up inside. Every time I get close to success, I sabotage it... I feel like I'm still waiting for my life to start but I'm much closer to the end than beginning. Well, now, I've dug myself a hole. $15,000 in debt and no job. Its tough for a 50 year old to get work. 

Ive been so low on money that, for the last 6 years, I've dated very seldom. Consequently, there is no one in my life that would be impacted by my self-inflicted demise. 

In the past when i had these thoughts, I still had friends, money in the bank or at least a career. Losing my job is like the last card pulled from a house of cards and now it's time for the cards tumble. I'm not particularly looking forward to ending my life but it seems to make the most sense. Continuing isn't worth the effort and I will leave no void. I've wasted my life so far and it's an appropriate end. 

I'm not sure why I'm typing this. I don't want to hear, "Hang in there, things will get better." I have no reason to expect they will. I no longer find joy and I haven't felt love in over a decade. 




