Not suicidal but seeking help/adviceHi. I'm not really sure where to start with this or what I'm even looking for so I'll just speak my mind and talk about myself. My life has been a trip to say the least. I'm 27, turning 28 next month. I haven't caught a break since I turned 20 and honestly lately I just don't know. When I was 20 I was pretty much at the top of the world. Healthy, strong, body of a model, 160IQ, can program in multiple languages, very fast learner, women flocking to me, pretty much anything anyone could want. Only negative I could thing is I was dirty poor but it didn't bother me. I met someone named Ashley. A blind date setup from my friend Skylar at Hershey Park. I thought she was cute and it was comfortable being around her. She was a cook and specialized in baking. I forget the name of it but she made this delicious pastry that I think had honey in it. It's probably my favorite to this day. We ended up dating and got engaged after a year. After that my heart started giving out, literally. My heart kept seizing, going into afib, and other abnormalities. It put me in the hospital at least every other month half dead and I'd stay weak after. Then by the time I built my strength back up it would happen again and again and again. Doctors would look at me and see a strong young guy then blow me off. I had to practically beg for medicine to be treated. The antiarrythmic medication is what kept me alive. In the middle of this Ashley started having strokes. She had over 10. It changed her. She ended up in a psych ward twice. I was there as much as I could. Only a few times was I not and it haunts me to this day. I don't expect myself to be perfect but still. I could have done more and I know it. Hindsight is something right. Around the 2year mark of us being together I got hurt bad physically and ended up recovering from surgery for a while. During this literally every 2weeks I was having to stop Ashley from us breaking up. Instead of being there for me she did this. After I recovered about a year later we decided to move out of state. I would go first to get us ready and get us a house. Then we would get married. Not even a month apart she sleeps with a guy she just met a pool party. I find this out when I get a random text from her saying its over. I convince her to meet. We drive to eachother. First thing I do is grab and kiss her. So happy to see her. She cries when she kisses me then tells me what she did. She literally slept with the guy while wearing her engagement ring to me. We ended after that. I dated some after that. My mind wasn't in the right place at the time. I just wanted to forget and move on. Wasn't right but I didn't realize at the time. Where I moved had a lot of my family including my elderly mother who I started taking care of. She got very sick and I saved her life on more than one occasion. Couple years later I meet someone at work. I'll only use her initials here, DT. We worked together around 2years, ended up together, and engaged at 3years. She was married. Fcking foolish me fell in love. I believed her story of married the wrong person because of her family, etc... I found out how much I was being deceived and the truth much later. It ended up costing me my job but in my mind she was worth it. I ended up breaking my back at the next job shortly after starting. It literally made me a cripple at the time and almost put me in a wheelchair. I'm still recovering to this day and might have back surgery #3 coming up soon. After I got hurt my fiance DT, I have never seen a case of dr. jeckle and mr. hyde more than in her. She literally abused the hell out of me in every possible way you could think of. I find out what I was told when I got together was a lie. She married the ex because she was after the better life(he had money). She even had an ex's ring with her during there wedding. She got with me for a similar reason. She's been gone for about a year now and I don't want her. The pain from that abuse is still with me to this day. To double it up this all happened while I'm a cripple I find out that my own mother who I've been taking care of because she didn't always get what she wanted. For example if I went out anywhere without her she would give guilt trips because she wanted to always go with. She trashed me so badly to the family that I've literally been thrown away by my whole family. My aunt, uncle, cousins, little cousins, it's gone now. And my only sin was being there when I was needed. Helping when I was needed. I literally have nothing now. My fiance and I had the same friends so they went with her and my own elderly mother I was taking care of took my family. Kick me while I'm down why don't you. To this day I know what happened and I'm not in denial but it's so hard to believe. It's like I'm living in a nightmare. I'm a cripple who lost everything. If you ask anyone who has known me. I've always been kind and strong both physically and mentally. My only weakpoint mentally, which I knew about but considered it ok, was that I open myself to those I care about. Those are the only ones who could hurt me. Nothing else even phases me. Conditioned be my rough life growing up. This betrayal which it would be one thing if I actually did something but all I did was get hurt and at most as for help. This broke me. For the first time in my life I broke. I've pieced myself together very slowly. Tried new hobbies(got into audio and the music helps when I'm hurting physically or mentally). I don't leave the house. Not to keep the world out or anything like that but because of my injury I physically can't. I only go out for dr appointments. Before my last surgery I practically starved myself so I can drop weight. I was actively losing my legs so this was a last ditch effort to slow the deterioration down(. Then after the surgery I've stuffed my face since to help the healing process. It's helped but I'm not healed yet(If I woke up after the surgery without function in my legs I was going to put a bullet in my brain, not just words, I really mean it). I have nothing anymore. I own a house. Paying off my car slowly(workmans comp barely gives enough for the bills). That's all I got. That's it. Every day I'm doing everything I can so I can heal physically and mentally. I want a new life. Every day I just want to put a for sale sign in the front and any little bit of money I'd make if any(a thousand or two at most). Move somewhere and start a new life. Honestly I'm thinking of how I could move to a different country and start truly fresh(I'm in the USA now). If that's not possible probably the west coast then. Benefit of being a nurse is if I heal enough from the injury I can work almost anywhere. If you read this far I want to say thanks. I don't even know what I'm looking for here but I had to do something.