Not in crisis - just in contemplation mode...Hello wonderful peoples. 

I've had a long history with depression, anxiety and suicidal ideation. I'm also a mental health worker, so I work with a lot of crisis and crisis management, including talking people down from suicide. 

Within the last year, I started suffering from chronic migraines. I have a history of migraines, however, one day a migraine came in February and it just never left. I've been to a specialist, and just had an MRI this past weekend. I get the results in two weeks. I don't expect a brain tumour or a stroke or anything. Medically, I am being taken care of.

What's making me suicidal: 

* The pain. The constant fucking pain. It doesn't leave me. It's always goddamn there. The only thing that has helped slightly are narcotics. I take them maybe once a week because I don't want to foster an addiction (I have worked in an addictions setting and have seen so many lives destroyed, starting with narcotics). The other thing that helps is eating... Brings me to my next point.
* My weight. I can't stop gaining weight because I can't stop eating. I don't work out, and I eat too much shit. I know why my weight is what it is, but I struggle everyday because the pain "makes me eat". I know I ultimately have control, but it helps ease my pain.

The two are just a nightmare cycle. I eat, gain weight but do so to help the pain. 

I have zero motivation to do anything, mostly due to the pain. I sleep a lot - easier than living through the pain.

My only idea so far is to end my life. However, I have roughly 40 weeks until I want to end my life. I'd like to do it on my birthday so my family doesn't have to suffer through so many days (birthdays, death day, Christmas...). 

I have lots of time to plan (which so far are in order re: finances), but I'm open to other alternatives and ideas but, I feel completely and totally helpless. 

I guess I'm reaching out for other ideas, or just to say this since I  have been thinking and doing casual planning for a while but I don't DARE to tell anyone. 

 I don't want to die by suicide, but I simply cannot continue living - and I have no motivation to change. 

/horribly rambling rant over. 