Welcome to the shit showSo, where do I even begin to start. Umm. I am 25 and he is 35. We have been married for five years. We share one child together he will be turning 2 soon and he is the stepfather to my son from a previous relationship, a 5 year old. We are always broke. We have one car. I own the home, it was my fathers whom recently passed away. Alongside my brother, mom, my grandparents and not to mention various aunts and uncles. I literally have no one. He works for 7.75 an hour. He has no drive to get anything else. On his days off he plays video games or sits on his phone. He never helps me clean etc. I pay the bills with my dads insurance check that comes monthly and my child support. We never go anywhere. Not that my truck would allow us to go far. We are on a spare. So day in and day out I sit and watch tv, clean and do everything around the house. He states that he is always busy etc etc. Well then why the FUCK am I the only one who has done laundry in five fucking years. He will finally get up and clean after I get to the point of having a screaming rage for him to contribute. ALL DURING MY PARENTS DEATHS I still had to be an adult, BUT I went on a solo hiking trip when my mom passed and he watched the boys for me. The house was in a horrid state when I got back. His mom made the comment maybe (we will call him Tom) Tom would have liked to have gone. Well fuck. I KNOW HE WOULD LOVE TO COME ON A TRIP. BUT I NEED A MOTHERFUCKING BREAK. I was a teen mom and got married to the first guy who told me he loved me because I thought well, shit, who else would love a shack up.

I had to quit school recently because he can't make more than he's making because apparently there is nothing out there and our car is shit. So we are planning on selling my home and moving to be closer to his family. Well the fucker has no driver WHATSOEVER to help improve our situation. I'm having cabin fever, so I begged for a ciggerate just to calm my nerves. I get it. It's bad for me, he doesn't want me to pick up the habit. He told me if I wanted one I'd have to go buy them myself. Knowing damn well the spare is liable to pop any minute. So after throwing a fit I finally get the cancer stick. Now I am here writing this.

I feel so fucking trapped. I have no friends, I was an exotic dancer in the Bible Belt. The entire town knows that history so alas no one wants to hang out with an ex stripper. He gets invited to go over to coworkers houses. Tom is so charismatic, he makes friends so easily. His family is huge in the state we are planning on moving too. He says that when we move he will be able to find a steady job with a higher pay (considering the minimum wage in this state basically doesn't cut it).

We never have sex and when we do he refuses foreplay. ACTUALLY the last time we exchanged bodily fluids he went soft. I couldn't help but laugh. It just felt so pathetic. I'm over this.

We had gotten into a huge argument about me being stuck in the house, literally I have been in the house for a couple of months straight. Well, long story short, I was a complete lunatic and threw my fathers ashes, after we had a yelling match. I wish I could redo the moment and keep his ashes in my hands, near me. Please don't bash me. We both got physical. The cops were called etc.

His mom was involved, he called her for a way to fly back. Well she texted me asking what I was doing to her son. Well I responded with we are splitting custody and he has time to save for an apartment. Well she was like no we are taking the baby, WATCH US. He stated that the wheels were already turning for the custody battle. All of this happened outside of my home. INFRONT of my super religious neighbors. While he was gone (walking to wherever) I started to feel the walls closing in. I HAVE NO ONE LEFT. I am going to be alone and die alone. Whilst my child first father was nagging for friends with benefits. I had to sweet talk him so he'd fucking lend me some money. My husband left me with 75 dollars. So with the notion of dying and decaying with my cat eating me and having to be in a position where my ex would gain control again (he is a bully), I drove and found him walking. He refused to get into the car. Etc etc. EVENTUALLy we ended up reconciling, after I begged him to come back. Even though I wanted the safety of not being alone and not actually wanting him. EVEN though his is beautiful. He is so handsome and his voice is usually soothing.

After the fight, while he was sleeping I went through his phone. His mom had screenshot everything I was texting her and sent it to him. EVERYTHING before that was deleted besides her saying OH I KNEW YOU WOULD GO BACK FOR THE KIDS. The next week, she texts, "How are you? I'm worried?" Tom: "Everything is fine and yes." FAT mil:"ARE YOU REALLY? with a snide winky face. (We have to share a phone sometimes because sometimes I don't have enough for my phone bill, his dad gave him one and pays for his so sometimes I have to use it and it just popped up that time.) I'm trying to not invade his privacy. I obviously have trust issues. ANYWAY lol. I guess I just answered my own question but WHAT DO I DO????? I mean besides committing suicide. I feel like it's the only way out. Maybe I will start out clean when and if I chose to reincarnate. HA. I wonder if I would come out clean in my next life, if there is indeed another one. How did I do this to myself? 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

My dad was a functioning alcoholic, my mom wasn't so functional and did a lot of crack. She chased me around the house with a knife. Once my dad got on top of me and unbuckled his belt.. He didn't do anything, he got off and I just froze. my mom informed me that she had to stop me from sitting on this guys lap because he would play with me (her ex bf). I don't remember this but I had a lot of bad dreams and bedwetting. I had a guy watch me while I was like 9 through my bathroom window, my mom said I was a liar and I was making it up. I got raped at 14, the man was in his late twenties maybe early thirties maybe mid idfk, sometimes I don't think its rape. I didn't yell, or freak out but I just froze and I couldn't move any part of my body.  My nurse told me that it was rape. but I think im just dirty. I mean I don't even know if that was my virginity. So was I ever clean. I feel like I need to cleanse myself.