Today was going to be the dayI’m totally responsible for all the shit that has happened to me over the last several months. 

One of the main reasons I have been so stressed is I haven’t been able to recover financially from my car and a deer having a make out session right before Thanksgiving last year. Since then my bills have been accumulating and overwhelming me to the point that I stupidly deny they exist which of course just puts me in a worse, very red, financial state.

I had a plan to drive to a place I love and do my thing. I spent last night tidying up my basement apartment so my roommate wouldn’t have to deal with that at least. I started a load of laundry. That was stupid because I literally broke my roommates washing machine. I looked up some YouTube videos and it should be fixable, but I don’t want to fuck with it and ruin it further. 

Breaking the washing machine was sign one. Sign two was that I went out to my car to buy my last pack of smokes ever, only to find it gone from my driveway. It was there last night. It has been repossessed because I couldn’t keep up with the payments.

Now I can’t even go away to follow through with my plan.

My roommate is probably home from work now and I should tell her that I broke her appliance and that I can’t pay the rent that I owed her four days ago and that I can’t fucking drive anywhere.

I’ve been lying to myself and my friends and family about my inability to be financially successful right now, even though I have been in the past. They have no idea this is going on because I have gotten pretty good at pretending everything is fine over the years. 

I think I should ask my roommate to take me to the hospital. I went there last year and thought I was doing better, but apparently not.

I’m resisting because I don’t feel like it’s their job to fix my problems. I brought this on myself, despite feeling relatively stable on my mental health meds for the past year. 

I wish I had my car and could follow through.