I dont feel like my life going anywhere good and there is no cure for this hopelessnessIm a 24 guy who has a few close friends who skip meeting with me every week(because im working on the other days) i live in a pretty shitty neighbourhood and have a job that doesnt really pay enough(because i can barely afford anything) even tho i have a degree(which is absolutely useless).I never had a gf or a best friend or anything that close. I hate it when people tell me”omg just wait youre gonna get someone one day” bc it never happens and it wont.i lose more and more friends every day . Last week i lost a friend bc it turns out that he was talking badly behind my back,in getting the idea that everyone just hates me. My parents treated me like shit since my childhood beated me multiple times and always told me i would never make it to anything and only wanted me to go for the jobs they wanted(because they pay good even tho i dont like them) i did what i wanted and still ended up broke as hell. We moved back to the country my parents come from 8 years ago(they migrated to another country and in that country i was born and raised until i was 16 and we moved back to their origin country), even after 8 years even after getting used to it i still dont like it here bc the culture is totally different and no one understands me here. Everything here is also extremely overpriced and i also dont get paid enough so i can afford nothing. I started going to the gym hoping it would change me but it didnt,same applies for meditation. I went to a psycholog when i was a kid but that never really helped. I went out many times before on my own and tried this”enjoying being alone” attitude but never really could because i get tired and bored after a travelling alone for a while.I stopped enjoying video games and series and basically anything else. I really dont know why. I suck everywhere games ,conversations ,job etc. I applied for a promotion at my current job but unfortunately my job only promotes people they like and are close friends with instead of people with the right skill(i know bc they do this couple of times they list requirements then pick a person who has a poor performance and never meets any of those requirements).I tell people my problems and no one really cares. I want to take my own life but i dont have the courage to do it. I tried it when i was a kid and was bullied but i survived it . I just wish a car would hit me out of nowhere or a earthquake would kill me in seconds . I wouldnt really fight to survive i would just let go of it. It isnt worth it anyways. I feel really hopeless and my life doesnt change. I wish i would get killed in an accident or would get the courage to take my own life because no one really cares