Completely socially inept - can therapy actually help or should I give up?I'm 20, female, and completely isolated from the world. I have no friends, I live with my parents, I commute to college but I skip most of my classes because I'm embarrassed of being seen. I have a good relationship with my parents but they aren't home most of the day, so I barely ever talk to anyone. I even feel awkward talking to people online.

I don't know how it got this bad. I had friends in high school, I was the president of two big clubs, I wasn't happy and was always a little socially anxious but I was functional. I'm going to be a junior in college in the fall but I still feel like I'm an awkward 14 year old. I dress nicely, fix my hair, put on makeup, but I know my mannerisms and posture and presence is palpably awkward. I can't imagine ever getting a job in this state. 

I literally have no idea what to say to people my age - not that it matters, I haven't had a conversation with anyone at college in a year. I have nerdy interests, I don't drink or party, I don't watch TV or listen to mainstream music (promise I'm not a hipster). The only conversations I've had with people revolved around partying/drinking, television, how much they hate going to school - I can't relate to any of that. I try to ask a lot of questions but the conversation always runs dry after they find out we have nothing in common. I tried to make friends with 2 different "geeky" guys but they didn't want to talk to me. One was reading one of my favorite books, another was sitting next to me in class and talking to his friend about fixing something in Ubuntu (that I knew how to do). I wasn't being weird or anything, I just said "hey I love that book" and "you have to install winetricks". They both gave me weird looks and said "oh ok". 

On one hand I want to just give up, but on the other I want to spend this summer trying to improve myself (read more, exercise, go to therapy). I feel like no matter what I do I will never be "normal" - I will never be able to interact with other people my age and be seen as someone anyone wants to talk to or be friends with. 

I want to see a therapist but I don't want my parents to know. I want to therapy once in high school and my dad was pissed about it - he said all teenagers are depressed and nothing was wrong with me. I don't even know what to say to the therapist. I don't see how anything they say can help me. I have periods of feeling optimistic about being able to change and periods of feeling completely suicidal. Sorry for the rant, I was just hoping maybe someone here went through something similar and can give me advice.