Seriously looking for help and or advise as i see only 1 course of action leftHello. My name is...well like myself that is unimportant. I live in texas and am 27 years old. In the past 4 months my life has gotten to the point where i have lost all controll and only see 1 course of action left. A little before christmas i had my house broken into. Everything they took i was ok with except for 1 thing. They took my box of important papers (i.e my social security card, birth cirtificate etc etc.) Well normally i would do the normal thing and replace them. The only issue is i am now stuck in a giant loop and have been for months. In order to get my id i need my birth cirtifcate and my social (or two similar forms of identification). I was able to get my birth cirtificate my miraculous dumb luck. But now in order to get my social i need my birth cert. And a state picture i.d. well i cant get that id with out said social security card. Normaly i would be like fuck it i dont need it i got a job. But recently i was fired for...well lets just say as a waiter that customers can be some real dicks...especially drunken dennys bar rush customers. So i was fired and had a trespassing whatever its called put on me by dennys ( hence why i cant just get a copy of said papers from them).i have tried everything and am about to be homeless, jobless and without a single person that actually wants to help instead of calling me a lazy bum millennial who just needs to get a job. Everyone tells me this on a daily basis knowing full well my situation. Look im not here asking for money or anything like that. All i want is help. Any form of help i can get (preferably a way t ok get the stuff i need) because unlike what is said about me i am the only one of my generation of family that has had a job for the past 4 years consistently and tries to work hard. But this past month has been hard. Hard mentaly, financialy, emoionaly, just hard in every way imaginable. As soon as i was fired and she saw i was unable to keep a job ( i have been hired and fired from 5 diffeent places this month alone all because legally i need a social and an id to get paid). Shortly after that the only emotional support i had (my 9 year old pit bull/boxer mix that i raised from 9 weeks old) was let out of my apartment by a "friend" while i was at work because they broke in and forgot to close the door when they left. So needless to say my dog was captured and lacking $250 to get her out of pound she was put down. Im at the point where i feel death is better than the  horrible future i am facing. Struggling to just eat 3 times a week ( like i allready currently am) and likely begging on the corner for change. As i have allready stated if givin the opourtunity i will work and i will do what i gotta do. But i have tried everything. Well almost...i have not yet attempted to preemptively stike against my looming future. Please just give me a reason to not do this. Help me find a solution to my problem b4 i give up all hope. Please someone