I'm living in so much agonyHonestly I never stood much of a chance in life. My mom died young. My dad was the weirdest guy ever. I remember I had to make some entrance exam for high school and it's not possible to study for it. I just tried my best and that's it. Then my dad gets angry because he didn't like my results? I always suffered from depression too. When I was around 14 years old I couldn't listen to music. I didn't care about anything. My dad would always argue with me and abuse me. Eventually he killed himself.

Then I start to study. My housemates smoke a lot of cigs and weed so I start doing it too. Finally I'm feeling happy. I'd smoke way too much though. Like between 5 to 10 joints per day and a bunch of cigarettes. Also only eating garbage.

Then I quit around 27 and realize how fragile our lives are. Start hitting the gym 6 times per week. Healthy diet. No more smoking. Graduate. Full time job. Lots of progress. However, I spira with my mental health. I just get these constant intrusive thoughts of dying of lung cancer. I get 100% convinced that I'll get it because I read studies that say 1 joint = 20 cigarettes. I become an anxious mess of a person. The constant repeating in my head is the worst. I'm starting to feel suicidal because I feel like my life is ruined beyond repair.

Then I randomly contact my 8 year older ex. She's angry that I dumped her and how I did that was very shitty, but I did it because she was wasting her life with me. She tells me it's over and she has improved a lot. Me, being extremely grumpy because I'm convinced I'll die soon, makes a new account and tells her, hold tight: Fuck improving. I'm done with life. It's all pointless bullshit anyway. You still want my cat?

Then I talk with her and the conversation completely escalates. I'm just explaining myself. Crying about all my regrets. About my unhealthy past. How I'm going to die. Everything. She keeps engaging and then blocking me so I keep making new accounts. She also says I 'didn't change a bit and only went backwards'... So I'm like: but I did change! (Because I was thinking of all the healthy lifestyle choices I've made etc)...

Then she explodes. Writes the harshest message possible. Says shit like 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... It keeps repeating in my all the time. Just 24/7 hearing her shit repeat in my all the time. Out of desperation I just keep spamming her. In the beginning a bit angry, but after that just explaining myself. I do this for months because it's fucking unbearable to hear what she said repeat in my head. I had nightmares. I couldn't concentrate. I felt depressed. The worst period of my life. I thought I'd never get better. This morning I woke up and it started to repeat in my head again 'you'll, ever learn how to live your life'... I don't know. Just feels like such an evil sentence to me. So spirit breaking. I got an intense headache out of frustration and started sobbing because I can't take hearing it repeat anymore. I feel like such an inferior person because of it. All my progress of working out feels less worth it. My life story is ruined by this situation. I'm also so embarrassed for spamming my ex with a bunch of mentally ill messages. Never thought I'd end up like this. Suicide is often running through my mind.