Told my Former TherapistMy former therapist is only former because of the rules at the center I was getting mental health services from. She called me today because I ordered a prescription of sleeping pills. I had told her that's one way I was going to go if I was going to go through with it as it had been on my mind about a month ago. I didn't plan on telling her. 

I got scared a couple of times over the next moment after death. I don't believe in a heaven or a hell as that doesn't make sense. It's the whole consciousness part. I like the idea of consciousness but where does it go? Is it reincarnation, is it a void, is it kinetic energy looking for its next final moment? I didn't know so I told her even though I'm extremely unhappy.

Cops came and had me in cuffs for their safety moreso than mine. Asked me all kinds of questions. Either I went on my own or I went with them to a hospital for a 3-day stay. When it was that I shouldn't have said anything I felt. I don't have anything in my life I really want to see but I also see nothing in the view of an afterlife. Catch-22 of the mind-fuck - fuck. So when I made my decision to go in myself I told a woman that won't speak to me whom I fell madly for and wonder what is going on with her every day. I told a friend that I honestly don't know if I want to talk to her about it. Before them I told another friend I was going to go through with it. She tried talking me out of it. I told my brother and his fiance but only after I told them I was going to be at the hospital for the next three days so I could be unreachable.

Part of me feels dead and part of me feels loved but I don't care. It's not enough for the promise of a future. It's not enough when you can't hold down a job and you see how much people have been screwed over way before Trump to allow yourself to work for indentured servitude wages. It's not enough when you're no further in a career you wanted. My transition is going alright but my body is a political battleground rather than my own body where I can feel comfortable being exactly who I am.

But most of all - I'm madly in love with a woman that I was close friends with. Someone I could stay in a car for hours on end with after we had already said our goodbyes to talk about everything. Someone that held me in my arms and I her when I told her months ago I had planned on committing suicide. Someone who I comforted when I told her. Someone I broke a promise to. Someone I look at a picture of her everyday just because I want to see her face. Someone I can picture and it didn't hurt for all the things that used to hurt. Someone I cry over when I see a (lesbian) couple, when I see her face, when I see her face in someone that looks like her, and someone I just stare at the name of when I want to text her but don't and can't. Even worse now that she doesn't text me back.

And she stopped doing that after she told me she doesn't want to be my emergency contact anymore. I don't blame her. I told her I know she'll never feel the same way for me as I do for her and I understand if she needs some space. I told her it's okay to never want me because she has that right. I just have a love I can't shake and not unlike all of my previous infatuations it is unrequited. I just want to know if we'll still be friends. I still update her over what's going on because I don't stop thinking about her. I hope she's having a good time and I hope she's doing okay. I don't ever want anything bad to happen to her. There's not a bad bone in her body. There are in me though. And I don't see it ever working out but if it did - there's not a person alive that could tear me away from her.

Part of me hopes out someday. But someday doesn't come for me. I don't know why I didn't just lie and agonize over whether or not to go through with it. Maybe it's because I saw the pain in my former therapist that I see in myself and I know she's coming from a place of mutual understanding. Maybe it's because I'm still in love with that someone. Maybe it's because I didn't want to off myself before my brother's wedding. I can't say.

But what I can say is I'm still here for now. I don't know how long and I don't know if my life will ever get better. A huge part of me doesn't. But I know for a fact I am in love with the most wonderful woman whom doesn't feel the same. And that hurts but that doesn't hurt nearly as much as feeling nothing will get better. Because I know for me it was all downhill from birth onwards. All the things I've done - I would regret if I hadn't met that someone. That's the truth. I love her and I wouldn't want to hurt her but I did. And I want to make it up but I don't think she even wants me to be in her life - let alone make it up.

But if I have to live than I don't want to do anything but make it up to her for the rest of my life. That's it. That's all I wanted to say