feeling badhello guys,i feel pretty helpless at the moment. I dont have a reason to stay alive. I just dont know what to do.  
First of all: Im 14 years old(pretty young, i know) and i basically just feel bad for around 1-2 months now. you guys might think something like that im just fake depressed but i really have a lot of reasons for all my sad emotions. Well, it all started when i was 6-7 years old. I was in primary school and it already started in the first year: almost my whole class bullied me. I never did anything against it so that went on until high school and I never told anyone something of my problems. The stupid reason for that is just because im really short. Now im 14 and im 4´11. and im still really, really short. So when i got into highschool i was suicidal. I thought i was on a better way but those hopes ended when i fell in love for the first time. i REALLY REALLY loved her. When i first told her about my feelings she acted like she loves me too. 5 hours later she just started to ignore me what hurt me so f\*cking much. A year   later i started to feel better and i found a new friend. He was the best friend i ever had until he told me around 1 year later that im annoying and unfunny. So everybody was chilling with him and i was just alone. those times were really hard for me. Since than i never really felt better anymore. I lost the contact to my last few friends and now i got nobody. There are actually many people in school that like me but when we all get home i stay home alone while they are meeting. They dont even ask me if i wanna come with them too. Im just sitting home and start crying if i see their insta stories.  
I literally dont trust myself to talk to people online because i sound like 10 or something and many people just make fun of me. Everyday im hearing jokes over my voice or my height and it just really hurts me. There are a few more shitty things that happened to me im just too lazy to write them all down.  


just wanna say: im sorry for my english its not really good.