It’s no longer me who wants to dieI suffered depression for a long time and after my failed suicide attempt, i led a very quiet life for many, many years with little friends, worked a low-paying but very secure job and spent my time reading and watching tv only. 

I finally had the opportunity to return to school, courtesy of the company I worked with and met my current husband. He was like sunshine, gave me confidence, full of energy and showed me how to live my life. I enjoyed many firsts like travelling, fine dining, movies, etc. 

Fast forward to now, we are married with kids, he’s enjoyed multiple successes at work. On the other hand, I lost my job after birth, and haven’t managed to find my way back to corporate life since. 

I do have an issue with my self esteem but I don’t think I’m suffering from depression? What makes me think I’m down in the pits is discovering that my husband has become the depressed one instead. His feeling of self-worth has plummeted and he’s began to have suicidal thoughts. Sometimes they come at him so intensely, that he’s already researched and decided which way he wants to die. 

I honestly do not know how I can carry on living without him because I depended on him so much emotionally. 

We recently went through therapy together and talks about his childhood (he was abused for many years and neglected) surfaced. This led to even more negative feelings because images of him being beaten, belittled, humiliated replayed over and over. 

I do not know how to manage this. He is apprehensive about checking himself into emergency because he’s afraid of his company ever finds out he will lose his job. 

He is not on any medication yet and he doesn’t know whether to start because he’s pending to see a cardiologist as well. 

I’m very thankful he’s gone to seek help, but the help is coming really slowly. What else can I do? I’m scared and I don’t have family members to confide in, I’m not sure if I want to tell any friends. 

So many what ifs going through my head now. Some days I feel like my own life has just fallen apart - from coming out of my darkness only to see my Husband crumbling like that. 

Some days I feel like escaping this journey by dying first? But who will look after my babies? 