Frustrated at my inability to do anythingSelf-improvement's key word is self. All you, dear reader, can do is provide me with advise. Read X, Do Y, Try Z. When success stories are told, they say XYZ were why. They exercised, they changed their diet, they did CBT, or whatever.

But I have never been able to do any of it. Right now, I would like to become vegan, read Radical Acceptance by Brach, take a walk every day. I would like to start super small too. For that walk, maybe just put my shoes on. Nothing else needs to be done, but I cannot even do that consistently. There's this mental block or something. What's worse is that I am stuck on the level of planning nowadays. I cannot even sit down and make a basic plan to do Y.

I try to change some of my internal monologue. I refuse to change all of it because I think aspects of it goes against reality (Example: "I can be anything I want!" No, I cannot be anything. While I am somewhat privileged, I am still a worker in a capitalist economy). I have not been able to, though.

None of it works. I cannot "just do" it. I cannot magically develop this drive or willpower or whatever you people have. Even with pressure, nothing happens. Part of me feels like free will must be different for everyone. I accept compatibilism so there is no such thing as total free will. I think there has to be different levels of free will per individual. Or maybe, I really am just that lazy or weak.

The only thing that has worked over the years was a recent development. I wanted to try intermediate fasting. Nothing worked, but I decided on just doing it when I feel like it. Some days, I am able to wait until dinner to eat. Others, I eat all day. Surprisingly, it has worked. I lost 20 pounds. No plans, no regime, no SMART goals. Just doing it when I feel like it (which has been the exact opposite advice I have been given over the years) But I have not been able to expand this anywhere else. 

I don't know what to do. I am sure me coming here is unhealthy too as I am obsessive with this crap, and I cannot *not* feed into it. I always think about dying and killing myself because I never do what I want to be doing, and the fact that I don't do that, life will catch up with me and screw me over.