Suffering Severe Depression: Seeking Opinons and Personal InputHello all, 

I have found myself in a predicament. I have been depressed for many years now. But, I have been seriously considering suicide for a few months now. 

Some brief context. I am a twenty-two year old Male from the U.K. From the age of sixteen, I have desired to be a doctor. I, like many I imagine, have the intellectual capacity, but due to my melancholy, I performed poorly in secondary school. I am at University now, but Medicine is no more than a sad fantasy. It is all I want to do. I cannot settle for anything less. 

I have a girlfriend whom I love dearly. Despite her repeated shows of proof, I doubt her love for me. Through some, deeper mistrust for any affection. She would most likely be better without me anyway. I have considered breaking our relationship due to minor indiscretions I see as unforgivable. 

I am not a religious man particularly, but, with great conviction, I believe there is some divine intervention. For over a week I have been setting days as “The Day” yet something has come up. Every day. That has prevented me from going through with it. But any day now could be the day. I am a man of rationalism. And I do believe that things can be coincidental. But I wish to share a peculiar incident. I was at home, brooding as I normally do, reading the accomplishments of greater men. And there is a knock on the door. Normally I just leave it, in this day and age, unless it is an Amazon parcel, a knock on the door is never good. Despite minor anxiety, I open the door. I am met with a lady holding a bible, before I get to say anything she says “Did you know God loves you?” I was speechless. Totally perplexed. Now. Allow me to be rational. It of course, is strange. But, it is a Jehovah’s Witness, they say things like that all the time to lure people in. I know. Yet. There was something odd about it. My religious skepticisms are typical. But she addressed all of them. Odd. But can be argued to be mere coincidence.  

It is the saddest tale. Family that love me. Distant from them, but friends that love me. Yet I feel I cannot live in this world. I feel a stranger. I have always been called a “19th century person” which I suppose is true. (Of course I do not ally myself with the “I wish I was born in the....” etc. People) 

Is there anybody else here who feels deaths cold hands pulling them into the darkness? What are your coping mechanisms? 

I am a HUGE Funhaus fan (For anybody who knows who they are) It’s cliché, but I have followed them from Inside Gaming days. They keep me going. Knowing I’ll miss out on such great content. Oh. And my endless array of books. 

P.S: I apologise for the dramatic style this has been written, it’s the only way I can write about such a serious topic. 