End of the week maybe?I've spent the last few weeks thinking/mulling over my future and I've come to the conclusion that I think suicide might be the right move for me. I normally talk to my family about serious issues in my life, but unfortunately, I can't go into great detail about the where and why with them, and it would be nice to at least hear someone's opinion.

First, I guess I'll knock off a few of the more standard reasons and get to the meat.

Professionally- I have a really good job, one that a lot of people would love to have. Great pay, great potential for advancement, all in the field I studied. The people at work are great and really like me. A few weeks ago I tried to quit and they told me to take a month of and reconsider (considering I had only been there a few months, I'm taking this as a sign they really want me there).

Family- My family is pretty great. I basically stopped talking to my father a while back because he was a generally shitty person but truthfully it didn't feel like much of a loss, he wasn't exactly a pivotal part of my life. The rest of my family loves me and cares about me and wants me to do nothing but good things.

Self worth/people- I really don't feel a huge issue with self worth. I'm a pretty good person. I'm generally considerate, kind, friendly, fun to be around and do well with people.

I guess my issue here is that I don't think I've ever really been happy. In the past I've always been able to ignore it because I figured I wasn't where I was "supposed to be". I figured once I finally got to where I was supposed to, happiness would fall into place. There was always a future to look forward to, something that would change.

Now that I've graduated and I'm essentially at the end of my development phase, I exactly where I've always been. It's not any kind of sadness or longing. It's a feeling like life just may not be for me. People have no problem saying and accepting that they're just not into certain hobbies, like sports or music. I feel that way about life. There's nothing I've found that I truly enjoy. 

I had a friend tell me the other day to treat myself for doing something really important. She said that if I were a girl she would have suggest a spa day or something. She asked me what I do to treat myself and truth be told, there's not a single thing I could think of. If I could do anything in the world at this exact moment, it wouldn't be a damn thing. I have no passion for anything. No desires. No dreams. Ultimately, no purpose.

I don't find this particularly a sad thing either. Unfortunately (or fortunately depending who you are) my parents raised me to be rational and independently minded. So I don't really have any kind of faith to fall back on either. 

I guess overall, I just feel like a lot of people live there lives with purpose, with some sort of drive. They're here because of their faith, they're here because of their kids, or spouses. They're here because they believe they have a purpose. I think I just ended up on the short stick of that one. I don't feel like I'm here for a reason, and don't particularly feel like spending the next 50 years of my life existing just because I'm supposed to, and truth be told, I'm pretty at peace with this decision.

I feel like it's worthwhile to have people question this though. Either #1 it'll change my mind, or #2 I can go into it knowing that I've thought it over, and remained steadfast in my decision. Anyone have thoughts?