Will I ever feel okay again?I have no idea if this will end up a long, sad story or an incoherent ramble but here we go. Since the age of 13 (I'm now 18) I stopped being happy. From seemingly out of nowhere I became increasingly insecure and depressed, I started hating myself. I kept these problems to myself up until my last year of high school, where I essentially had a nervous breakdown. I had went into the year with the intention of essentially forgetting everything I had felt before and forcing myself to become better by purely ignoring my obvious mental health issues. I set incredibly high (and unrealistic) expectations for myself for what grades I wanted and soon burned out in a short amount of time (cue nervous breakdown). I saw a doctor and was diagnosed with moderate depression and anxiety issues, and then counsellor for a few months, which resulted in pretty much no actual improvement. After summer I somehow still managed to make it into my first choice university after completely bombing my last year. Cut to semester two where I stopped going to classes completely, excessively abused alcohol on both wild student nights out and on my own in a dorm room, I experienced sexual assault, and avoided everyone i knew for days at a time. I suffer from severe insecurity, constant thoughts that tell me I'm a burden to everyone around me, no one wants me in their life, and I make absolutely no contribution to the surrounding society. Even as I read all this back I hate it. I still have suicidal thoughts and the honest reason I haven't acted on them is I'm scared it won't work and I then have to deal with the aftermath of it all. At this point in time, I'm hopeful that won't be the answer. What I really want is to learn how to change my perspective. I want to be happy, I want to be healthy, I want to live my life to the full. I can still feel a shred of hope. But where do you start to recover? How do you unlearn bad habits and unhealthy coping mechanisms? I guess what I'm trying to say is I want to fight but it seems incredibly overwhelming and I feel scared and lonely at the thought of even trying to fight back against my mental health issues. I want to find the will to live and I want to live a good life, but where do I even begin?

Thank you if you read all this. Any advice, support, and helpful anecdotes are welcome and immensely appreciated.