My friend feels like she has no purposeHi SW,

I'm not the person at risk, but my friend is, so I hope this post is follows the guidelines here. If you do know a more appropriate place for me to seek support I will be eternally grateful.

My friend suffers with BPD and has previously (in her younger years, before we knew one another) attempted suicide. Recently she has told me how she feels like she no longer has a purpose in life - she recently resigned from her job due to a toxic work environment. She is an incredibly driven and motivated person, who will stop at nothing to be the best at what she is passionate about. We worked together years ago and I have seen first hand how driven she can be. I believe that a lot of her self worth was wrapped up in her job, and without one she is feeling lost in life.

Please bear in mind that she has only been out of work for a week or so, she is not in any danger financially, and has interviews lined up for other similar (and better paying) positions. I'm worried that if any of these fall through then this will be utterly devastating to her and may lead her to take actions she cannot undo.

On top of this, she is in an abusive relationship. She has admitted when drunk that she knows she should end things. I am concerned about her safety, but I know that I cannot intervene and make the healthy decision for her. I am as supportive as I can be, and have let her know that I am always here to talk or if she needs to get away.

I want to do everything I can to help her, but it's simply not possible (nor realistic) for me to be by her side 24/7 to prevent anything from happening.

I could really use some advice on what I should do to help my friend. I don't want to sit back and let something happen because I didn't do everything that I could. This is incredibly frustrating for me, as I too used to be in a deep depression and contemplated suicide for many years, yet I feel like I'm at a loss right now.

Thank you for any support you can offer. I will not get chance to reply today (based in Europe so I'm heading to bed after this) but I will read any and all responses tomorrow.