Lost my faith in the worldLive-in boyfriend broke up with me so that he could have sex with someone else. Found out a few days later I was eight weeks pregnant by him. Arranged an abortion. Had a panic attack in the clinic, so they put me under general anaesthetic. Wasn't allowed to drive after that, and had no one to pick me up or come with me on public transport, so had to stay there, which was expensive. All I could think about the entire time was how there was no one in the world to support me in the way that I needed.

Now I have these medical bills. I can't afford to move out of our apartment. I've moved four times in the last year, and each time has been more heartbreaking than the last. Everyone I know in this city has cats who might let me stay has cats, and I'm allergic. He can't afford to buy all the furniture off me and pay me back my bond.

My mother back home alternates between appearing to be supportive and telling me I'm a bad daughter for making her unhappy by doing things like spending alternate Christmases with my father's family in a different city. She threw me out of home for being with the now-ex-bf. She says she'll give me a place to live if I go back to university and become a doctor, but even if I could imagine giving up the next ten-fifteen years of my life re-training, I know that living with her would be going back to the same hell I was in before.

My friends don't have time for me. The one friend who I thought my understand depression and self-harm knows I'm in a bad place, but is busy and says she would call me back but never does. I have two sisters who I have never been close to. My father is kind but our relationship after my parents' divorce has been more cordial than anything else. I've deleted Facebook and switched off my phone because it hurts too much to keep checking for messages and calls and emails that never come.

My dayjob was a means to an end and a future that I can't have anymore. Things that used to be pleasurable are meaningless; things that were tolerable are now unbearable. I love food and cooking but I can't bear to cook for just me. I fancy myself a writer, but I can't write now because I can't imagine anything outside of my current misery. I go on adventures and try to do things that I wanted to do in my relationship but which never happened, but all I get is this horrible sensation that there should be someone with me, and that I don't have anyone to tell my adventures to, and a deep-seated urge to just go home, even though I don't really have a home anymore.

I stayed with my father's family over Christmas. It took them less than forty-eight hours for them to forget I was around and leave without me. I have a panic attack when I go to bed every night because I don't want to go to sleep alone, and I cry every morning when I wake up because I didn't die in my sleep and now I'll have to live at least another day again in pain. I hate going outside because there are couples and happy people everywhere, and I feel vulnerable and exposed. I can't watch movies or read books or listen to music because it reminds me of how much in the world is motivated by sex, and how I am in this position now because the person who told me he loved me and was committed to me threw away everything I worked for to be with someone else.

I feel like I don't belong in this world where everybody is self-absorbed and selfish. I told the ex-bf about the abortion after, and he made it into a big deal about why he had a right to know about it, even though it wouldn't have changed the outcome, and then switched off and went to bed. I told him I was suicidal, and he said "please don't kill yourself", then shut the door and went to bed. My mother knows I'm distressed, but it always turns into "you're making me unhappy I need a guarantee of love and unconditional support from someone I trust, but I know there are no guarantees, and my trust is broken.

I know the mantra is "plenty of fish in the sea", etc. but I feel that I am a) unlovable in this state, and b) would never be able to love him/her the way he/she deserved because I will always be waiting for him/her to leave me as soon as it was it was more convenient to be somewhere else, like everyone else has.

I fly out on the 3rd. I have between then and when my ex- gets back on the 4th to do ... something. Now it's just a matter of weighing up the scale of pain vs probability of effectiveness.

Not sure why I'm posting, really ... hoping to get some comfort out of putting this turmoil of thoughts in some order.