Well, I was found out so I didn't do it. Now I'm just depressed and embarrassed.I was going to kill myself back in mid December. I'd actually been very thorough--I had an extensive suicide note written up, I'd picked a pretty decent time and method, and I'd even gathered all my bank information into one spot. As the days ticked by I felt more and more sure in my decision.

Then, about four days before my planned date, a friend that I hadn't spoken to in a while messaged me. He was concerned--apparently my boyfriend had told him that I was suicidal and planning something soon. I was surprised as I hadn't told my boyfriend my plans. Apparently I'm an idiot and had left one rough draft for my suicide note somewhere that he'd found it. Oddly enough my boyfriend never confronted me or asked me about it--instead he spoke about it to his family and a couple friends. 

Well, this might sound stupid, but I felt too embarrassed to attempt anything anymore. I felt judged by people and I felt really uncomfortable doing anything with everyone knowing my plans. I didn't want to die with this awkward pitying group of people around me who cared just enough to give me weird looks but not enough to say anything. It was degrading. 

So instead of attempting anything I did nothing. I let myself get swept up in everything, first the holidays and then a new semester of school. It hasn't all been bad... I've had genuinely happy moments, tons of them...but I still feel a lot of embarrassment mixed with regret. I wish I'd gotten to quietly kill myself back when it was right. I wish certain people never knew. I wish they'd gotten to read my note and felt love for me instead of the pity mixed with disgust that they probably feel now.

So I'd been ok enough, if numb. But these last two weeks or so have been particularly bad again. I've been so depressed. I've been mentally scrambling for a new time to attempt something, but I come up with nothing. Despite wishing I was dead I don't have the drive to kill myself. It makes no sense. It's like I'm too lazy to do anything but float aimlessly. I didn't even celebrate Valentine's day ...no sex, no going out, nothing... and I didn't feel much about it. I'm much more scared of this numbness than of dying. 