2011: The Worst Year of My LifeSo, without a doubt, 2011 has been the worst year of my life. This may sound a bit like r/firstworldproblems and I apologize for that. Also, this may sound all over the place but I haven't been able to put this to words mainly because I don't really have anyone to talk to. Anyways, here we go.

It all started when I decided that I wanted to continue my education by pursuing a Ph.D. With all the right attributes and the like, I applied with every notion being that I would easily make it into a program, even if it wasn't my top choice; however, after a grand and months of waiting, it came down to me only being accepted into a masters, not a Ph.D program, halfway across the country. I had just started dating a girl that I had known for 2-3 years and, since things were going great, I turned it down. In the mean time, I start applying to countless jobs, knowing that with my credentials that I would found a job easily. Well, the months past and job after job I was still unemployed (and still am to this day). 

On to the girlfriend...As I said, we were happy, or so I thought. We planned a vacation to the beach over Spring Break with my roommate and his girlfriend. Everything seemed to be going well up until our vacation but over the vacation I noticed some red flags, which came down to her planning on cheating on me when we returned from Spring Break. Needless to say, my trust was broken and we ended up going on a break. Anyways, a few weeks later we started hanging out again and I told those around me that it was just for fun since I would be graduating soon, even though in my mind I knew I wasn't over her yet. Things started getting serious again and, since my trust was broken, I decided to test her just to see if I could trust her again. I told my roommate, who was also my best friend, about my test and he ended up telling the girlfriend, which, as can be expected, didn't go over well. To complicated things even further, the girlfriend and I had had sex a few days before the trust test and it was the worst experience of my life - the whole time all I could think about was her on top of some other guy but, thankfully, I used protection. Well, the weeks go by until I find out that she is late on getting her period. I have to say the timing couldn't be any better, since it was the day before my graduation and two days before my birthday. So, as we both worry and pray - which I had prayed after us having sex that this wouldn't happen because there was no way that it could be for the best - my birthday passes and only my family remembers. Anyways, it comes down to it and I go and buy her a pregnancy test because we couldn't really wait any longer. Of course, it's positive and she's pregnant so now we start looking at all of our options. Due to our current situation - relationship and in our lives in general - we decide on an abortion. It has to be for the best because there is no way we can tell our families or even really support a child. 

Now to present day, every day I think about how she's going to find someone new because I truly believe she's only with me due to what we've been through because, honestly, we weren't even talking until she texted me to tell me she was late. She's busy with school so I barely see her and I'm just sitting around doing nothing all day.

I can't say that I'm suicidal but there are days where I wish I didn't wake up because it would be better than dealing with everything. It's just really hard because my trust in her (and others) has diminshed and my faith has diminshed greatly due to one bad thing after another. I know this is probably long-winded and all over the place but I just needed to get it off my chest. 