The feeling of this... Thing. A poem thing about denying self-harm.Tw: self harm i guess

You recovered, and you failed your first attempt in 2015. You had been a habitual cutter, until your mom found out and exposed you to your sisters. You stopped for a while, but then just kept doing it anyway and hid it. Its been years, and you still dont wear anything unless it has sleeves. 

The ache. The way your teeth grit and hurt when you feel that way again. When your mind starts to believe that it is the only way to feel normal again. That releasing, that sweet pain, and looking down and seeing your true self. It is better than any drug you've had, and at this point you've had them all. The ache of your chest when you sit at your desk with your school work and your pens and your computer and your assignments and your email and your papers and your undeniably painful life. 

It pulls you in and gives you love when you cannot speak to anyone else, but youre not allowed to indulge. You promised. You promised that friend. Your mother. Your aunt. Your girlfriend. You promised... But its the smell of baking cookies, the feeling of fresh sheets, the taste of pistachio ice cream in your tongue, the sound of an orchestra. It makes your teeth ache, because you want it so bad. 

Seeing yourself and looking in the mirror is nothing but pain, and yet pain is the only thing that seems to make the thoughts go away. Doing anything anymore makes your feel inevitably alone. You are surrounded by people who only care about you on the most surface level. No one treats you the way that you treat them, with sunflowers and folded napkins and bows made with white lace. Not expensive, but beautiful all the same. 

If you could only lay down and not get back up. If life could stop for as long as you needed to get things together. If your mind could quiet the waters and your bones rest and let your teeth. stop. aching. If only for a moment you could wait and people wouldn't forget you. If only for a moment you didnt have to worry about food or what you looked like. To sit on your patio that is falling off your apartment building and look at a sun burnt sky like staying here was worth it or affordable. If you could sit and do what you pleased for just a moment, and everyone else would pause, the world would pause. 

You cry and you sit in the bathroom typing up everything youve ever felt on a phone with a broken screen. Your dreams are fading and your eyes are still open. You put down a knife or a pen or a piece of paper or a blade or a pencil sharpener and you sit and you know you won't do it. You can feel the feeling of doing it and its never enough... But you make do. You clench your fists and let go and you run your tongue over your teeth. 

You will never get that ache to go away, and she will always be the cause of it.