If you really have a problem, don't post here.People here are not OK, they will use you as the one person that is worse off than them. 

I sent a PM to someone who answered me on Sunday. Here's how the conversation ended:

&gt; Me: It probably stems from the experience I've made so far. [...] It's really a thing, there was a report about it on BBC radio about a year ago that the rate of suicide among Polish people in UK is massive, according to social workers because they come with Cambridge certs in English, university degrees and work experience but they have to work as joiners because they are Polish.  It was very discouraging, at the time the thought turned up for me that if everything revolves around who I was born then it doesn't really make sense I should carry on living. 

---

&gt; Them: That seems like a terrible situation to be judged solely based on where you come from. [...] I guess that it does make me appreciate things a bit more here, as I have had the ability to grow from a poor Franco-American upbringing, and have been able to climb my way into being a part of the US Space Program. I'm not as successful as some other people, but I'm very comfortable with how things have turned out in the end. Have you ever visited the US? I'd love to hear about your travels and experiences, if you have the time to share! :)

Yeah. It sucks when there is no chance for you, no matter how hard you work. I KNOW.

I suppose the situation was manageable when there was religion and people believed that when they suffer irl they'll go to heaven. Now losers have to be fed antidepressants to keep going but some people will still inevitably refuse that kind of life and kill themselves.

So I'll do it. I have a new visa atm so not right now, I'll chill out for a few weeks and think about what all I wanted to do before I die. I'll go to Europe for it, I know a fast train railroad in the woods (from Germany to Prague), that will be a good spot. According to videos from watchpeopledie that should be quite a sure way to do that.  

I'm feeling better.  
