I am a failure, life is humiliatingI am a failure, life is humiliating. I can not even talk about it, if I did, even here, you would laugh at me and mock me. You say you wouldn't, but if we talked long enough, you would. Everyone else ever has.

I think I was broken in childhood, probably emotional abandonment by parents; gotta get over that shit, or so I thought, turns out some of us are just so far behind the race appears to have moved on entirely.

I can not connect with others, I get pitiable expressions and laughter at my expense; I can not blame them, I would like to think I would do differently in their shoes, but that's most likely hubris. I think maybe at some point my mental development got stunted; there was a period in time when I was doing really well, socially, and I excelled beyond belief. I haven't had that in years, my mind has atrophied to the point of worthlessness, and now I am just an angry ball of mess. Turns out physical isolation rots the brain, turns out human touch is absolutely of the utmost importance, turns out no matter what people say, no matter how much they convince themselves that what they say could somehow work on someone else, at no point does the physical or sexual nature of a human just disappear. There is this reinforcing cycle of loneliness, and once you hit it you're never normal again. We say "there is no such thing as normal," but we all know that couldn't be further from the truth. There's a "good" sort of weird, and then there's people like me, just weirdos, the fucking losers, those who deserve no sympathy. I wouldn't want it anyway, all i ever wanted was a solution:

the solution is death. each day gets worse, it's slow, some periods better than others, but it's a clear downward spiral. it's scary, not wanting to die but realizing that life moving forward would and will undoubtedly be worse. if you would have told me a decade ago it would turn out this way, i don't know what I would do. probably have a nervous breakdown and be the ineffectual bumbling joke of a tryhard wannabe napoleon complex simpleton who thinks he's better than he is and needs to learn his place and accept that he is the joke and he can't even begin to grasp how fucking stupid and weak-minded he is and appears to be. we need a joke, right? gotta laugh.