No matter what I do I can't seem to get anywhere.As of right now I wouldn't kill myself, but I fear that if things get much worse then I may. I have had a difficult life though to be honest a much better life than most. I've been told to get over myself because of that but knowing that others have had worse doesn't make me feel better about myself.

I grew up with a verbally abusive father with trust issues. His lack of trust in anything I did caused me to be fearful of others growing up and hurt my social life. On top of that anything that I did was scorned and was never quite good enough for him. As I grew up I started to distance myself from the man as much as I could but I just felt bad because he was still my father. When I got out of high school I thought that everything would change. That it would all get better.

To be honest for a short while it did. I finally got a girlfriend who wasn't a cheater and I was doing well in college. My relationship started to take a turn for the serious side and my trust issues came swelling back so I broke up with my girlfriend because I couldn't go through all of that with her. I started to do poorly in school and when my father found out I got scolded relentlessly day in and day out. I finally stopped going to school altogether after being told that I would never amount to anything all the time.

At my job I started to excel since I worked as much as possible to stay away from home. I was in  line for a promotion that would put me on the fast track to moving out and getting my life on a good path when I got screwed over bad by a coworker spreading horrendous lies to kick me out of the running. Needless to say they worked and I not only lost out on the position but almost lost my job. I've been struggling to get by for two years since that happened when I got myself back in school. School was going great with no problems until I checked my grades tonight. Apparently I failed a class with no warning. Last I saw I was passing said class. This isn't what is causing problems though, because of this F I am kicked out of school. My whole plan for life just got ruined because of this and I don't know what to do.

Every time I've ever tried to better myself something knocks me down. When I get back up life throws me down even harder. My whole life I can say that I've only experienced real happiness a handful of times in a few short months. Life is getting more and more unbearable and if I talk about these feelings with my family I get scoffed at and told to man up and stop being a selfish pussy. I don't have any friends that I can talk to about this as the only friends I have anymore are druggies who to be honest are bad for me to be hanging around.

I've sat in bed for the past five hours wondering what would happen if I were to die today. I can only think of three people who would care, and even then I am willing to bet that only one of them would remember me in a years time. As I'm writing this I'm in tears realizing how little my life has amounted to. How worthless I've turned out to be, and how right my father was. I'm trying to get through this but if things get much worse I feel that suicide is the best option.

I'm not writing this to be talked out of it. I'm writing this so that someone can know what I'm feeling, so that I don't feel so alone, so that I can feel that just for one moment, for one fucking god damned second that someone knows that I exist.