I'm not going to do it, but I also wish I could.I just got suspended.  I may be getting fired tomorrow.

I'm looking at an alternative solution right now and wishing I could do it.  I have the method.  I just need the guts.

It doesn't help that there is a girl involved, and she verbally gives me signals that we're work friends (and nothing more, although I haven't asked), giving me big smiles, but then knowingly stabs me in the back.  And when I tried to avoid interacting with her more than minimally, she said we should talk, that I seemed down, making me think that no I'm not bothering her.  And then weeks later after I go back to normal (nothing more than chatting with her at the office), and her stopping by my office occasionally to say hi or ask for a soda, I find out she called me the creepy IT guy who keeps bothering her. (on her twitter page, so maybe I am creepy. ugh.  But it's not like I'm stalking her. I just happened to see her site that she made public, and months later after I'd been talking to her.)

So the suspension is because I copied one of her public tweets to the person who I thought she was talking about, and did it through an email account I created on a free mail server.  My mistake was including her name in the account name.  I felt bad about it last night and told her what I did, apologizing for it.  She claimed she'd known it was me, and I find out later she'd forwarded it to everyone.

If I hadn't come forward on my own, no one would have been able to prove it.   I had no idea it was all over the company, but the managers knew.  So either she told everyone she thought it was me when she forwarded it, or she told everyone after I apologized to her.

So now I'm either gonna be fired, or I get to go back and live with the stigma.  I guess this explains a few interactions I had yesterday.

Edit:
so I have a plan, but I doubt if I'll be able to follow through with it.  I actually went to the step of setting up a delayed email account, and wrote up emails to send in notepad so that I could make sure not to accidentally send them. (what's worse than killing yourself.  Accidentally emailing people that you're going to before you've really made the final decision.)  But then NOT saving the notepad files before my machine froze up.

So then I discover that the delayed email site has a limit of 2 emails unless I pay for the account.  But I had 4 letters,  ack.  So I should just pay for the account right?  But if I decide not to do it but I still get fired,  I won't need the account.  fuck.  

So then I was starting to feel a little better and maybe it will be ok.  But then I realize that I haven't been getting any emails from my job on my phone.  They changed my password.  Well, I get it.  Not encouraging though.  And now I'm feeling more discouraged than before though.

I'm not fired yet, but only because the bosses aren't in until Monday.

There's a certain amount of wanting to do it just so that everyone at work will know.  It's not like I'd have to face them again, right?  I guess I have a drama streak in me.)

I definitely don't want to attempt and fail though.  From what I read, if I take enough of my bp pills at once, I'll stop my heart.  I'm pretty sure there's an afterlife so I'm not worried about that.  I believe that when I die, I'll just be dead.  But that is a hard thing to do.

I really wish I could just prevent my own conception.  Or that I didn't survive various things in my youth.  Everyone around me would probably be better off.

But attempting and failing, that would be far worse.  I couldn't face anyone after that.

Edit 2:
I'm thinking I'm not gonna do it at home. I'm gonna kick off the delayed emails, drive to the hospital in the evening (they have a nice waiting area in a few spots), and take some pills.  I figure it won't be quite as horrible for some hospital employee to discover me than if I were to make a 911 responder do it at my home a day after.  Plus, this way my cat won't have to experience it.  Hopefully my sister will find a home for him though.  My other thought is to use a motel, but I don't want to mess up a poor clerk's day.  Although now that I'm thinking about it, that might be the way to go.  The hospital route might be chancy.  Someone might notice me too soon, and manage to make everything worse.  Waking up after a failed attempt, with the letters going out, would be very bad.

I gotta say, I don't know that I want to die. I just really don't want to live anymore.  Plus, the drama queen in me would be pleased.  I'm so fucked up.

I doubt if I'll go through with this but it's so hard to live with the consequences.