After a decade of living as a complete recluse I've rejoined society by going back to school, but I don't think there will be anything in this life for me.After graduating high school I promptly went into my bedroom and didn't come out for the next ten years. No job, no school, no friends, no conversing with anyone. Severe depression and anxiety, I couldn't leave the house. I could go weeks or months without talking to another human.

Things changed this year as my brother set me up to go back to school.(It wasn't that simple of course given my severe anxiety, but I'll spare all the details) So the past few weeks have been quite the culture shock, lots of ups and downs.

The first week I just sort of felt like a robot or a floating video game camera moving through the world, but not really of the world myself. The second week I found myself enjoying listening to class discussions, but then once going home it would hit me hard how lonely I was. Third week was good, this past week has been kind of shitty.

It's the loneliness that is really killing me. I've been completely and utterly alone for the past decade and it's the number one reason I plan to kill myself. I really can't take it anymore. I can't even begin to explain how profoundly soul-crushing the loneliness is. The shitty thing is if I try to imagine things will get better in the future it only makes me more depressed and suicidal when time goes by and nothing changes. The alternative is to assume that nothing will ever change, which prevents hard mood crashes but leads me to the same conclusion that I need to kill myself. I know my situation is never going to change so I am feeling a strong resolve to finally take my own life.

It was the anxiety in the past that always kept me alive. I didn't have the capacity to navigate the world which meant I didn't have the capacity to figure out how to get myself to a gun shop and purchase a gun. But in going to school I've learned a lot in the past two months - how to drive, how to pay for things with a debit card, how to order things online, how to find my way when given directions to an unknown location without being crushed by anxiety, etc. The ironic thing is that while I needed to learn all these things to attempt to get on my feet, these things finally give me the tools to arrange a proper suicide.

A strange sense of calm came over me tonight as I began looking up where to buy a gun in my town. I've tried to look this info up before but it only triggered my anxiety and filled me with a sense of dread. Not tonight though. I went over to the pawn shop not far from my house to check it out even though they were already closed. It's strange that I feel a weird sort of optimism that I can really do this this time, as opposed to all the times in the past where I thought about it but was too inept and chicken-shit to follow through. The past month has taught me I do have a certain internal strength to get through things, and I guess it sounds fucked up but I want to apply that strength to finally killing myself, knowing that I can get through it the same way I've gotten through my anxieties about rejoining the world.

I don't even know what I want or expect from this post. Not anything really. Just felt like writing all this down for my own benefit.