I just don't know anymore...I really don't know how much longer I can go on. Every night I fight suicidal thoughts. I just want to die. I really do. I just want all the pain to end. I've been hurting for as long as I can remember. 

I remember, back when I was in kindergarten, I used to wonder, if I were to stop existing, would anyone care beyond my parents? The answer would probably be no, to be honest. In this town of white supremacists, who would care about the sand nigger child? They made that painfully clear all throughout my childhood. Don't let my child play with her- she's different. Why would you let her play with the toys? They're meant for white kids. Don't let her on stage to sing with my fair boys and girls, sand niggers don't belong on stage. Halloween decorations for the kids! Just be sure to give that darkie in the corner a trash bag. That's what trash deserves, right? Of course, my parents didn't catch on until I came home one day and tried to wash and scrape my off... Washing, washing till I was red, and washing, washing still... After all, dark skin is dirty, isn't it? Dirty and ugly. That's what it is. Dirty and ugly.

That was preschool. Then came K12, which was admittedly better. There, the teachers only gave me barely passing grades since the PTA had set up a conspiracy to try and kick my family out of the town. I'm not making this shit up. I would turn in 20 page thick reports (mostly photos) on the lunar cycle, only to get a C-. I was always placed in the retarded children's class until one year... ONE YEAR... I was in a class taught by the one teacher not influenced by the PTA. I was placed in the advanced class. My ability had nothing to do with placing, it was imply because I was, and am, dark. Girls would get me in trouble just by telling those in power lies about me, even when the ones issuing the punishment was there. Standing by the fence? That's a red card- niggers like you never learn to leave the school yard. Handed another kid some scissors for a project? What the fuck! Why did you throw those?! That's strike number three, my lovely shitskin beastgirl. Years would slowly tick by as entire classes would go to birthday parties. It would be the talk of the schoolyard the next day. Of course, of course, I showed up once by accident. I was immediately sent home.

And when you think it couldn't get worse...

My parents divorced. One part was the fact that my parents were different races. On my dad's side, racists. Racists who disapproved of the marriage. The funny part is, the father, my grandfather, was a stellar man. He might have been xenophobic, but he was anything but racist. He was a fantastic man for the few years I could get to know him. I don't know what went wrong with his kids, with the exception of my father. To get back to what I was saying, the other major problem that lead to the divorce was the fact that my mom was, and still is, abusive. I didn't realize it at the time of the start of the divorce, I was only 11 or 12 at the time, but my mom was so terribly abusive. Eventually my dad moved a bit further away, so it would take over an hour to get to school every day. Between that and the fact that my mom didn't care that I played video games all day instead of working on homework, I was able to stay with her most of the time. That was the worst possible fucking choice I could make. She was abusive... She was so terribly... Sometimes, at least once a month, usually more, I can still feel something wrapping around my neck... She choked me over the TV remote when I was only, what, 15? Luckily I didn't lose consciousness. Or unluckily. I also used to have long, 5+ inch scars running down my calf because of the abuse. Bite marks, scratch marks, slapped at least once a day. This went on until I was 16, when she tried to call the cops to get me evicted since I wasn't doing my homework. Naturally, I told the cops that she treats me poorly- I didn't give details though. The cops took her outside and had a very long talk. She walked in and by her expression, you can tell that she was shocked to her core. That was the end of the physical abuse. All that continued was the slappings. And the emotional abuse. She complains that I just sit around and do nothing all day. Can she really blame me? I've been beaten into a corner by her, then beaten some more, just for her amusement. 

Fast forward to today, and I just don't know. I never had any justice for everything terrible that was done to me. I'll never have any justice done. I was always under the jackboot of life, since I could walk... Sometimes I feel some joy, but it's fleeting at best. I only feel it for an hour, then the darkness comes... and I retreat inwards again. I haven't had a hug that feels like a hug in... my god, 10 years at this point? The best I can do is cuddle with my pets. This terrible, overwhelming pain, I just wish I could stop it. I wish I felt nothing. Not something. I wish I was dead inside. Then I couldn't feel this pain at all... I just.. want it to end... But I know it won't. Because life is inherently cruel. How can it be anything else? Sure, a select few are born into this world to live a decent life, a life where they have friends, family who love them. But what have I got? 

It's just so hard to go on when that foundation that everyone needs to thrive has been systematically cut down for the lion's share of my life. Hell, those oh-so-important formative 5 years? Those were spent in a living hell of isolation... All I could do was play with the goats and chickens. I mean, sure, the staff would take pity on me and sneak me slices of birthday cake when they could (again, I wasn't allowed to socialize with the other kids, including birthdays), but ... I guess it's fitting for an abomination. I can't even look at myself in the mirror and think good things. All I see is my skin. My ugly, mud-colored skin. And then the horrors I experienced at home...

I just want to end it all. This is too much for me.

I just wished someone in my life cared... I just wish I wasn't all alone... I just wish I had some justice...