Textline phoned the police, now everyone knows and my life is overI was texting a supposedly anonymous chatline and I told them I was planning suicide. He talked to me for a bit but I was doing other things while on the line so there were several pauses in my responses. He told me he didn't feel I was safe so he was "getting me the help I need". I had no idea these places could track your location and send police, but he did. I called 911 and told them to cancel but they said I would have to tell that to the officer. So I go downstairs and wait in the lobby for the cops to pull in, and once they came (four of them) I told them it was all a mistake. They talked to me for a bit and I reassured them that I wasn't going to do anything. They said they weren't convinced I was safe and that it "sounds like you're just trying to get rid of us". After talking for about 30 mins it finally seemed like they would leave, but then they asked me if they could see the texts I sent before they left. I didn't want to show them because there were 700+ back and forth texts with the crisis line (over the course of 5 months) and I knew they would not let me go back if they saw it. I said no but they kept insisting until I had no choice. And sure enough, they said they had changed their mind and that they couldn't leave me alone. They went up with me to the apartment, and told my family everything that happened. They drove me to the hospital for an assessment and overnight stay, which I only agreed to so I didn't have to face my mom. 

Five different doctors came to see me and asked me the same set of questions about how I was feeling, which lasted from 1am until 7 am in the morning. They set up an appointment for me to speak with the psychiatrist and released me the same morning. I walked home, considered walking into traffic so I wouldn't have to face the mess I made.

My life is ruined. It was already ruined but at least I could pretend it was ok. Now it's unlivable. I am currently in hell. Everyone knows now. I have to sneak in to the kitchen and bathroom to avoid being seen, because I am now a subhuman defect. My mom is angry at me for what happened. Ironically I want to die even more now. Everybody says "tell someone, get help" but nobody tells you about the consequences. The shame and humiliation of everybody knowing. I learned one valuable thing from all this; when I kill myself, I will not tell a single soul, anonymous or otherwise. Not worth the trouble and the crushing shame.