Misguided. sorry for leangth but I would read yours This took a lot to share. Never done this before 

  So I'm a 27 year old father of 2, 6 year old and 1 year old. I've been with my wife almost 10 years. She's my crutch and so are they. Iv been going through life almost like wearing a mask always hiding my true self always pretending to be okay. Don't we all am i right.. I only reasently have sought out help but my growing up was something of a nightmare or a Stephen King novel evertime I think about it I can't understand it fully, why am I, who am I ,why me. I'm not okay not good at anything, have no real friends sept 1 or 2 that will sit with me in silence or just listen and try to help even though they truly never can. I just want someone to talk to truly that can, i guess kind of understand. 
 My thoughts on life are so dark when It comes to myself or just general existence itself. Whats the point. No one seems to care except about things in life not ones feelings or well being. How do I know cuss iv never really been asked about how I was really doing cuss they were concerned about my well being, or seeing the darkest sadness of silence within me and stamped on my face.
 I can't remember the last time I was comfortable with who I am inside or the last time I found real joy in doing literally anything. 
 Yes I have kids and a wife but its my duty as a father to protect them and make sure they don't turn out like I am. What kind of person is the person that would want someone else to go through what I am, much less my own children. Mainly because I hade the best example of a father a non existent one, he fled my life not short after my mother pasted away in a car accadent who he mentaly and physically abused by him. I was only 3 years old when she passed so I don't know what its like to call someone mom or dad and ill be dammed if my sons have to experience that. I don't even remember my mother. And sadly all i can remember is my peace of shit  father. 
  So I live even though everyday I'd rather die then exist in this cesspool of shit we call earth I could literally go on forever kinda why I can never stop feeling the way I do.