I don't think I'm depressed anymoreI can hardly remember a time when I haven't been feeling suicidal. I clearly remember stating that "maybe It would be better if I weren't alive" when I was in grade/primary/elementary/whatever you like to call it school. At some point in my late teens it dawned on me that apparently, you're not supposed to feel like shit all the time, and maybe, something was wrong with my psyche. My mother had been hospitalized for depression for a few weeks, or months, when I was young. Being at least somewhat hereditary, and - at least in popular usage - synonymous with "chronically sad", that sounded like a good guess.

Now, almost 10 years later, I'm finally at a point where I no longer know what to do. Basically, there's two options in front of me: end my life, or have myself institutionalized. There's no middle ground here, I've tried it all. I've tried to give myself time to sort my issues out on my own without a lot of other stuff to do. That hasn't done anything. I have taken medication (SSRI) and spoken to therapists (like 5 of them by now). Admittedly, the longest I've gone was like 10 sessions, and I understand that that probably doesn't treat anything. But the problem here is the same as if I signed myself up for psych ward: I'm probably not depressed.

I'm not too much on an expert on psychological diagnoses, but I'd say depression is when you're feeling down even you don't really have a reason to (or at least disproportionately so). There sure have been periods in my life where this has described what I was feeling very well. But not anymore. I can precisely identify what makes me feel sad. Also, I don't meet the DSM-5 criteria for major depressive disorder. Maybe those for persistent depressive disorder, with a bit of a stretch. But even if that's the case, depression is not the root cause.

So what if I go to a mental hospital because I'm suicidal? I guess they'll want to treat me for depression. At least, that's what they are good at.

Some time ago, I read a question in another thread, something like "Do you have an idea of what should change for you to no longer be depressed?" Apparently, most people in this position don't, and thinking about this triggers some sort of epiphany. Well, I don't know either. But for me, it just underlines my point: maybe, there is no help for me.

Edit: Oops, I kind of left out the main part. Well. If you look at me from the outside, I seem to have a pretty good life. I have lots of talents, a nice education and like what I do in my field. I don't have financial problems, supportive parents and several good friends. No substance abuse or early childhood trauma (although my parents are divorced, but in probably the most civil manner possible). Quite some bullying in school, and I'm sure any psychologist will jump on this (and the divorce) as the root of all evil, but, even if that were true, not really relevant today. What is, however, missing in my life, is love. And here's the thing: In this department, my emotions work completely, utterly different from everyone* else's. Because I have never been able to let go, to move on, or to simply have a "let's see what develops" attitude. For me, this is a dead serious thing from the moment I meet somebody.

Now you're probably thinking, okay, recent breakup or something, time heals all wounds, plenty of fish, bla bla. But I'm way beyond that. Think of somebody lamenting that they are kicked out of college due to some misfortune, cannot get the qualifications for $decent\_job, aren't hired, have to spend their life working minimum wage. For me, it's the same thing just with "job" replaced by "love interest". And this comes from a deep trait of my personality: **one that I would never want to change**. Because if the only thing that could "help" me would be if I cared less about those I love, would it really?

So, yeah. I know nobody will advise me to catch the bus here. But can anyone even try to convince me that seeking help has anything to offer?