am i just some attention seeking bitchI've been considering taking a BART to San Francisco and just jumping off the Golden Gate bridge. Thing is, I don't really have "a reason" to commit suicide.

My parents are surprisingly flexible for an Asian family. They're so much better than horror stories I've heard from my friends (including this one guy who literally ran away). I have trustworthy and reliable friends. My grades aren't horrible. So I really don't have anything that's driving me to suicide. Which is why I feel like I'm just being an attention-seeking whore who needs to do something drastic in order to get others to care for me even more than they do now. 

I kinda just feel completely useless, to society and to people around me. I seek validation so often so subtly I'm starting to fucking hate myself for being such a self-centered narcissistic bitch. I put so much effort into sounding like I'm useful, or knowledgable, or likable towards others. Whenever somebody laughs at my joke, I instantly feel validated. I feel useful. But then I just hate myself for feeling that way, because I feel like my ego is inflating and my selfishness is acting up again. I've been trying to pick up coding for quite a long time (2 years?) but still after so long I'm still at the basic beginner level and I had been considering taking it as my future major / career option but I feel so hopeless and useless. There's no fucking way I'm ever gonna get there considering how I've gotten nowhere for the past years. I'm skilled at the thing I literally fucking hate, outreach. People tell me "oh you're good for outreach! hey you're outreach executive now" and I take the opportunity because these things that I do outreach for are related to my "passion" in coding, so I was hoping that by joining these organizations through outreach I would hopefully learn code too. But half a year after applying to be a coder at this club at my school and getting in, I didn't learn jackshit on code and I feel as though I'm completely useless to the team. Team leader even tells me that "you're good for photography! and docu" further reinforcing my position as outreach and such and such. I'm not even that skilled at outreach, it's just that nobody wants to do it. I don't make any significant contributions whatsoever. I'm useless. I'm easily replaceable. I'm getting tired of going through cycles of self-loathing and long hours of just "sad boi hours" as I deem them where I try my best to distract myself from my own thoughts while aimlessly browsing through loads and loads of social media. 

I've already imagined the scenario a million times in my head. The moment I get to BART, the moment I get on, I already know my fate is sealed. I'll be carrying it out. Any time now, I can just bike over to the BART station.