My first day of recovering my mental health started with calling the Suicide HotlineI'm not sure if this post is appropriate, and I apologize if it isn't, but I wanted to share my experience with calling the Suicide Hotline mainly because I've seen the same fears about it posted here that I've had myself. I wish I had called sooner. 

The (US) number is 800.273.8255. 

I have long had depression and suicidal ideations, but because of tremendous stressors that I won't weigh you down with, they were a much darker, much more frightening turn. 

I could not think. I could not eat. I could not sleep. Panic attacks were hitting me daily, and when I was not panicking, I was afraid I soon would be. 

I've posted here under various throwaways, but for me at least, there was only so much a message board could do. I needed human contact. 

So, fearful, I called the suicide hotline. I told them I was not going to hurt myself, and we talked for maybe an hour. It'd be a miracle if they understood half of what I was saying through the blubbering. 

I said over and over to please not commit me - I have dogs and without me, there's no one to take care of them. And if I lose these dogs....Well. 

Instead, they were kind and listened. I happen to be a veteran and they linked me up with resources because well, I've got barely a penny to my name. 

I believe though, that they know a lot about civilian resources, so it's a good place to start to reclaim your life. 

I've called them a few times since to help me get through panic attacks. They ask if I'm going to hurt myself, and I say no - because I'm not. I just need to get this anguish OUT. They seem to understand. 

It seems many of us on here fear being committed, but also desperately need someone to talk with. If you are going to hurt yourself, a hospital is a great place to be. If not, but you are distraught, please know that calling 800.273.8255 will not automatically land you in the hospital. 

Sometimes we all need someone to listen. 

And you happen to be one of those fine folks who picks up the phone, thank you for your service and kindness. I never thought I would need someone like you, but I did, and I'm so thankful you were there. 

 

