The worst days of my lifeI desperately need someone to talk to about this. Less than two days ago, I lost the only person I've ever loved, the only real friend i've ever had. We were in love for three years, but she stopped telling me she loved me a week ago and broke up with me yesterday.

I lived 22 years of absolute misery before I met her, she was the only person who gave me hope and real happiness. I've been content at times being alone, but not now after this. She's even said that we'll meet again some time a year or so from now, and I know I have a chance to get her back, but that's so far away and things may change between now and then. 

I've never wept so much in my life, I went to the hospital but I was released right away. They don't hug you at the hospital anyways. 

I haven't mentioned that our relationship was long distance and we had only spent a week together about a year ago. That was the best time of my life and if I could live one moment over and over again it would be meeting her for the first time. 

All I can think about is suicide but that's all it'l come to, I know I don't have what it takes to do anything. However, I haven't eaten in two days. I have refrained from drinking alcohol aswell, which I know would make me feel better but at the same time it wouldn't.

I've spent a few hours looking for someone to talk to on omegle and met a couple of people who I had a decent conversation with.

I know this isn't exactly a place to meet people, but I know the people who read these posts care very much for others and i'd like to know one or two of you. If anyone is willing to skype with me i'd appreciate it more than I could put into words. She was my only friend on skype and nothing was better than hanging out for an hour or so and shooting the shit with her (other than actually being with her IRL). 

I know its hard to care about strangers, but I need someone to talk to who will eventually get to know me and just let me know that they care. I'm 25 and I have no family to turn to, just an in-affectionate cat who won't even sit on my lap.

Just PM me and I'll send you my skype name back, or just send me yours. Thanks for reading. 