Hopeless...So I don't remember when my depression started it feels like forever..Im sure the main cause of it was my parents although I try not to blame them but I do.  My father would get into fits of rage when he was "coming down" from his high and would take it out on my mother and myself. He's broken my collar bone and my arm for no reason. He used to tell me he would kill me in my sleep so for a long period of time I lived in fear of almost everything.  I honestly wish it was just the physical pain I remembered but it's like I have these scars in my mind I can't get rid of.  This one night when I was 15 I was out drinking with some friends at the park, when I got home there was blood everywhere my dad broke into my moms room and just beat the living shit out of her I just lost it grabbed a shovel and went after my dad but my mom got in the middle and as blood and tears were running down her face she begged me to stop, she didn't call the cops cause she thought if she did it would make him even more angry. Well I ended up fighting my dad and kicking him out of the house. Once he was gone things were getting a bit better.  Btw I was raised catholic so I believed in forgiveness and we let him move back in with us a couple years later...what a huge mistake that was...he ended up having an affair and for some reason both my parents dragged me in the middle of it all. It was so embarrassing and heart breaking for me...anyways I moved to norcal to get away from everything but in sf I entered a world I wish I didn't I made friends with the wrong kind of people and just did drugs and fight alot. In the end it was all bullshit and fucked my view of life.  Those people I thought were my friends just used me. So now I just don't trust anyone.  I ended up losing all of my friends once I moved back in with my mom.  Was using drugs heavily at this point and I could see the pain it was causing my mother but I was to weak to stop.  the hate my father passed on to me is uncontrollable all I do is hurt those around me even though that isn't my intention. I ended up pushing away all the people who cared about me because of my negativity. Sadly now my mom And brother are the only ones who actually care whether I live or die but it's so hard for them in don't  want to be a burden I keep trying to convince myself I'd be doing them a favor killing myself... I'm trying to be strong but I just feel so alone and hopeless. Also both my parents at one point in my life said I was useless trash and you know what they were right I have nothing to show for it.