Just need somebody to listen for a whileAs the days go forward, I can feel myself slipping further into depression. I've had a history of mental health issues in the past and over the last few years, things were great. I had some sporadic bouts of anxiety, but usually because of temporary stress in my life. I've mostly been content.

More recently though, I have found myself falling deeper into a hole from which I feel I can't escape. I've been seriously depressed in the past, but I thought I'd left that behind me. But now it's come back worse than ever.

The positive thing is, I know I'm depressed. And because I've been depressed before, I can at least sometimes tell myself it will be temporary. The negative thing is I feel I have no options to get out of it. That this time maybe it won't go away.

Part of what's lead to my being depressed is that I moved to America around 6 months ago to marry my wife. This should have been an amazing event for me, but it wasn't. We mostly married to stay together, so didn't have a real ceremony - we wanted to save money. My family wasn't even there. 

In the six months since, I've been unable to work due to visa restrictions. I've just been living with my wife and her parents. I had no drivers license (or way to get one) so have been incredibly isolated. I've had to rely on lifts from her family and have lost all my independence which has made my self-esteem plummet.

Added to this is the knowledge that I've left my home (UK) behind and I know that it'll be a long time before I go back. I miss it a lot and hate where I live in America, but currently we have no funds to move. I thought I'd be happy to give up many of the things I love about the UK to be with my wife. But some days I feel like I've made a huge mistake. That I've sacrificed too much.

Most recently, I have been granted work authorization, so I've started to look for a job. The trouble is, I'm still learning to drive, so still need to rely on my wife and her family for transport. All of the jobs have bad pay and despite quite a good resume, I feel like I'm destined to do similar jobs to those that I've done in the past. Work that I hated.

I'm convinced that there is nothing positive left in my future. Just a job I hate, not making enough money to move out with my wife. Never finding independence again. I keep thinking that once I do get a job, I won't get enough holiday time to ever go back home. That something might happen at home and I may never get to see my mother again. 

My savings are almost gone and soon I'll have to take any job I can find. I feel like a complete failure. And I just feel like there's little chance of me being happy. 

The longer this goes on, the harder life becomes. The problems I have feel bigger every day, though they don't change in size. The solutions don't seem to exist. I feel like I am trapped in my life. Destined to be unhappy. I just can't picture any positive outcome to me life from my present circumstances.

And I feel lonely. I literally left everything behind in the UK and in the USA I have nothing. I've tried to talk to my wife, but she doesn't know what to say. I can't make friends without having my wife drive me some place and now that my money is running low I feel guilt about spending on things like going out.

The more this goes on, the more I think about suicide. It's a bad habit more than anything. I just do it automatically. I'm not sure I'd ever follow through with it. But that doesn't matter. What matters is I feel so hopeless that I believe that to be a rational option.

I don't know. I feel like there's very little reason to live apart from my wife. But then I also feel most days that she'd be better off without me. Like I am a burden.

Sorry, there's a lot of self-pity here, but mostly I try to keep this stuff to myself! I'd happily go to see a therapist or counsellor but obviously that would cost money which I'm currently running low on. Another reason to feel angry and sad.

Anyhow. I hope somebody can understand at least.