I’m ready to leave this world. I wanted to experience a lot, but I guess that wasn’t supposed be. at 17 i promised to give myself another year. i’ve been trying and promising years since then to make things better. i’m 21. the only thing that gives me peace now is knowing it won’t be longI’ve decided i’m ready to give up. i did a lot of trying and thinking and planning to make my situation better. but what it comes down to is that i just have no one. no friends or family outside of the family that is causing the problems, so i have no one to reach out to for help. i also have no energy or the physical or cognitive abilities to help myself how i need to. i’m not able to take my medications daily like i need to, or even remember what day it is even with my pill container having shit labeled. i can’t take showers everyday like i want and need to. i’m mixed so my hairs thick and curly and needs a lot of work to keep it healthy (r/curlyhair lol) and i haven’t been able to do what i need to with it in over a year. i can’t leave the house and walk around a store, i can’t have friends, even online friends. i don’t have the energy to talk to people or remember things about them or anything. i pushes myself working and that’s what took my health from me being bad to completely unable to even take care of myself. this was a result of being denied disability just cause i didn’t have some doctors notes cause i didn’t have a dr who knew about the disease i have so she wasn’t supportive. idk kinda wanna make a video or something now to tel people how fucked up america’s disability system is cause if i had just gotten disability like i should’ve then none of this would’ve ever happened. i’d be living a life different than how i would’ve wanted for myself as a kid. i would have a nurse aid to help around the house and with my care, (appointments and meds and cleaning) i’d have section 8 housing cause that’s what i’d have to do but i’d have my dog with me because she’s an ESA and that’s a positive. i planned this new life i realized i had to live but being denied disability was detrimental and even though i am clearly disabled by my illnesses, it’s not recognized ‘legally’ and that’s what fucks me over. absolutely ridiculous and i just wish i had the rights i deserved. but anyways i tried my hardest and did get section 8 but no disability. so i went back to working. my brother wasn’t working so i kept the job i had making $3-5/hr being a nanny because it was all who would hire me,  and it ruined my health more because she overworked me. my parents are neglectful, manipulative, and don’t understand my condition and it causes me to have to push myself physically even more. if they talked to a specialist for my disease they would be told how fucked up and damaging they’ve been to my health. i tried getting out of this house but i just couldn’t. shelters is an option but i am too scared to be alone because i know i can’t advocate for myself or be on the streets all day and take care of myself and not have meds or anything. idk man everything has just been shit. if anyone read this, thanks. ive been wanting to kill myself for so long and ending my life when i’m no longer able to care for myself seems like the best decision and brings me a lot of peace. i am scared but i know it’s what i have to do and things will be over and i won’t hurt anymore