"Home": The source of discomfort. "Home": The place I'm quarantined in.I don't really care if I die at this point. I feel so uncomfortable in a place that I'm supposed to call home (in a way because it's an apartment). I live with my mom, her girlfriend and her girlfriend's two kids. I feel like my mom's girlfriend doesn't like me and I just found out recently that she thinks that I'm rude. I have never disrespected her, I am always the one to say goodmorning to her first or say hi first because if I don't say it nothing gets said. She doesn't like that I'm always in my room but what she fails to realize is that I am a person who likes to be alone most of the time, and when I do come out of my room and she's there she barely says anything to me or nothing at all unless I say something. I get so nervous around her so I try not to be around her at all, but we are quarantined. I have either eaten once a day or not at all for the past week and a half because I don't feel comfortable leaving my room. I feel so sick at times and sometimes my body hurts from hunger. I think I'm getting used to it though, usually when I don't eat I don't drink anything either. I have a very unhealthy relationship with food because of how fat I feel and look(But I won't go into too much detail about starving myself).So sometimes I don't care if I haven't eaten that day or for 2 days because my mindset is always "You need to lose weight anyway." Then the days that I might want to eat I can't really because not only do I not like being around the people that live here but I get really uncomfortable eating in front of other people, the fact that my mom's girlfriend has a problem with me just makes it worse. I know people are gonna ask about my mom and if I talked to her about it. She knows some of my discomfort so she doesn't say much to me about it. I don't really talked to her much about my feelings because she's kind of a hypocrite(I feel bad for saying this but...). She says that I can talk to her about anything last week she said that. Then a few days later when we were first quarantined I was starting to get upset I barely got out of bed and I didn't talk. I come out of my room and she tells me "How come you are so sad there are people who have it worse, I don't get what there is to be sad about." I didn't know what to say and I couldn't say anything I just went back into my room and I didn't eat that day. This isn't the first time she's done this so I shouldn't be surprised. Also she tends to get frustrated with me for the simplest things. So I can't tell her how I feel. She has apologized a bit so we are in a place where she isn't mad at me over trivial things that much so I want to keep it that way. I just want to be dead but I care enough to not kill myself because I will feel bad. I'm so hungry right now because I ate very little yesterday but I have to try to not think about eating because right now it doesn't matter. I'm sorry this was so long thank you if anyone took the time to read this.