Is this the end of me?Hi reddit. It's been a while since I felt suicidal but apparently I am now. It's terrifying, but the pain that is ahead of me feels terrifying too. I don't wanna live to experience it. I am alone at work bawling my eyes out. Can't keep my shit together. I work with my mom, we run a pharmacy together. I wanna call her and ask to cover for me, but I don't want to hear what she will say. Like always, that no other job would allow me to do this. That I should act like an adult and nobody gave her that lesiure when she was young. I love her, but damn she knows to undermine me. Maybe she's right though. I'm almost 30, I should not be weak like this. Anyways. I had a nasty, nasty fight with my husband. Mean and regrettable things said from both sides. But mostly his. He said he didn't mean it. He said he is sorry. Like every time. He knows I am sensitive and yet he still does this. Say harsh words in anger. Even less sensitive person would be moved but I am fucking shattered. Anyways I had some hope. Yesterday he showed some empathy and said he doesn't want me to feel like shit about this. When I heard that I thought maybe we can work on it. But today he is angry again. Because I was hurt and didn't say hi in the morning. I couldn't because I was seriously considering divorce. I needed time to calm down. But he is angry again saying I should take responsibility for my mean words and expressing that by saying more mean words himself. He got butthurt that I told him to just stop talking so I just turned off my phone. Can we even stay together after this? I love him, it was so hard to get together because of different circumstances. We did so much for each other. If we separate it will mean I failed again, I will have nothing, I am just some 30 year old loser who works with mommy. If we decide to work through this I have to deal with what he said. I have to deal with this pain and more ruined experiences. Customers keep coming, I cannot put a straight face in front of them anymore. It takes all my energy. My battery is drained. I am at a pharmacy, I have access to poisons. I have the opportunity to fall asleep and never wake up. I have only one life, I hate to throw it away and I am terrified of what's after it. Probably nothing, which is terrifying too. But I can't deal with all of this anymore. I failed everybody. I failed myself. Please don't blame my husband. He has his reasons to be angry and I know it. But holy shit. I can't do this anymore. Please help me