Feel's like I'm in a downward spiralI spent the entire time driving home thinking about what I want to say here, if anything. I'm still not sure exactly what to begin with, but here goes.

I was never really an outgoing person, never had many friends. A few close ones, throughout my childhood, but they were the type of people that other people flocked to, the exact opposite of me.

I had a few relationships throughout high school, most of which felt extremely codependent, using each other to fill a hole in each other that we both thought needed to be filled. The last of which lasted from my junior year of high school until my junior year of college.

That last relationship was one that I thought would last forever, was the one I thought I was meant to be with for the rest of my life, a perfect fit. It turned out to be too good to be true. This relationship ended as my Junior year ended in college. She cheated on me.

My self esteem and self confidence had never been very high. I had always been described as a decent-looking guy (in my eyes I was below average, even then), but after the relationship my self-esteem and self confidence were at a new found low.

I'm one year out of college now, almost to the day. I haven't been able to establish another relationship since then. I've put on weight, and like I said have never been the handsomest guy, who would want to be in a relationship with me?

I've moved back home with my parents since I got out of college. The few high school friends that I had around here moved on by now, and my best friend lives in an entirely different state and barely ever has time to talk. I feel alone.

I got a job off an internship near my house, it pays way less then my degree would be able to get me and is very unfulfilling. But it gives me money without having to go through the intimidating stress inducing process that is interviewing. Why would anyone want to hire me to do a worthwhile job? My skills and resume are unimpressive, lackluster, to say the least.

And she's having a baby with the guy she cheated on me with...I forgot to mention.

I just feel like I have nothing going for me, I am unimpressive, unlikable, ugly. Everyone is moving forward with theirs lives, and I'm just standing still, getting sucked down into quicksand.

I went to a doctor and she put me on Welbutrin. I felt like it was working for a while, but these last few days, anytime I think I want to cry. I try to distract myself, ignore my pain, my loneliness, with whatever I can. But I don't know how much longer I can do it.