I don't know where else to go. This is a last resort.I don't think I can handle life anymore. I don't think I was ever meant to live this long anyway. I always thought I'd kill myself before I was 20. But now, here I am, 21 and a burden on my family, unable to function as an adult, completely miserable and tired and burnt out from existing. It would be better for everyone if I was dead, and I want to die. I don't want to try to tread water anymore when it still feels like drowning. My brain is constantly fogged and muddled. I don't feel like I'm experiencing my own life, or even my own thoughts. I can get off a shift a work, get into my car, and realize I don't remember nearly anything that went on that day. I suppose my life is just that monotonous and forgettable. It's like there's a wall of glass between me and the rest of the world: I can see it, but it's not mine. I can't touch it or experience it. The only thing on my side of the glass is my only clear, coherent thoughts of loneliness, numbness, and depression. College (shitty community college, at that) and work feel pointless and consuming. I'm supposed to want to be a teacher I've day, but the only plans I can come up with for my future are ones that end in a grave. But I don't have the energy to actually pull off any of my plans for suicide. I'm much too tired to die. Not to mention I've developed a couple of eating disorders over the past two years: first anorexia, now binge eating. I've lost 70 pounds and gained back half of it. I feel disgusting, unlovable, and out of control. 
So here I am, stuck. I don't know what else to do. I'm a burden on everyone, I do nothing but make my family miserable. I'll never be enough for them or for anyone. I want to die, but I'm too exhausted. I wish I could just die in my sleep. 
I don't know what I'm hoping to do in posting this. I don't know what else to do. I guess this is a last resort to vent everything out in the event that I do decide to end it? I don't know. All I know is that it's nearly 3 am and I'm wishing I was dead. I have nothing left but these words. Maybe tomorrow will kill me, but I won't get my hopes up.