Why shouldn't I?  Life will never be what I want it to be...I'm 23, in college for journalism, my last semester.  I've dealt with depression for the last few years, I've been on lexapro, risperidone and lorazepam for months and was ok for a while.  But now I'm back to school...and I can't fucking take it anymore, I'm at the level where I can't fake and pretend I know what I'm doing, everyone knows I'm incompetent.  The pressure and the expectations are too high, everyone is going to realize that I'm a failure.  I'm realizing that I am nothing, I'm average and I don't want to live if I'm average.  I don't have a future in this business, and even if I do my future is a job some nowhere town living a nowhere life where no one will ever care that I ever existed.  Whether I live a miserable life for another 50 years or kill myself now, there will be no difference in the world.  So why should I not kill myself?

I can't help but think about killing myself, it's been on my mind all day.  I'm at the point where even the fact that my suicide would wreck my family is starting to stop seeming like a good reason not to do it.  I keep thinking that it's my life, my misery and that they shouldn't be sad if I ended it, that they don't really care about me if they want me to keep living.

I haven't eaten all day, can't make myself.  Won't eat tomorrow, I'll be too busy trying to convince everyone in the real world that I'm ok and trying to fake my way through class and work.

I've got sleeping pills and my lorazepam, but I don't know if they're enough.  I could go out and get a bottle of whiskey to wash them down.  Would that work?

I think I'd be ok if there was just someone to hold me in their arms and tell me things were gonna be ok...but there's not...never will be.

I can't talk to anyone about this, my mother would freak and call someone.  Therapists would have to inform people wrecking the rest of my life.  Even suicide hotlines could trace me back and then, even if I got better and happy, this would be on record to ruin my life.

I know I'm an asshole, I know other people have it worse, I'm sorry this doesn't make sense.  Why is it so wrong to kill yourself?

EDIT:  OK, I'm feeling a bit better, I'm not at the edge anymore.  Thanks for the replies and support.  I think my best option right now is to try and power through this last semester, graduate and then find some hole in the world and close myself inside it.  A meaningful life doesn't seem to be in the cards for me.