I don’t feel like anyone listens to meThrowaway for whatever reason. Idk. I guess I still feel the need to protect myself in some sick way

Yesterday, I posted the following text to a group of close friends: 

&gt;	All my life I have dealt with the idea that I should not be alive.
Unfortunately, this fact leads many to believe that I actually have dealt with it. That surely by now I would have decided one way or the other where my life went.
People also tend to think I have talents somewhere. Maybe singing, maybe teaching, maybe writing (I think you can tell that that one’s not the case), just some skills somewhere. This is not, and has never been, the case. I am a complete failure in everything I do.
Apparently, I am also a failure in depression.
Ain'tcha proud of me ma?
Unfortunately for me, all of this failure is hidden away. Maybe I say something about this whole “wanting to die” business in some secluded channel. Maybe I mention it during a song I’m singing, and so I can hide behind the old “well I’m just singing it how it was written” excuse favoured by those white people at rap concerts. Maybe I hide it behind these “charming” jokes. Regardless, it all gets hidden.
Why that’s unfortunate is that people then take my hiding of it to mean I don’t deal with it at all. Instead of seeing the sniveling twerp who might shatter at a particularly loud cricket that I am, they view someone who has dealt with their problems and can be strong for them.
I have become the constant listener. People appreciate that I listen and respond to their needs, their venting, what have you. Because people appreciate this, I feel validated. That validation feeds this whole perpetual motion device to where we are today where some expect me to be an active participant in their lives, yet I have to threaten going through with “it” to get any response. Even then, it’s never a sure fire thing.
And I get it. I give off this vibe, it’s no one's fault that they view me this way. Besides, haven’t I ever given a thought about what they think of the whole situation, I should really learn to be more considerate.
In some ways, it doesn’t matter anymore. It’s too late. I feel the crushing need to help people at all times by now, so nothing will change that. But it hurts when people take this as me saying I feel unwanted. It’s not that. It’s that I feel like the teddy bear taken out when the storm gets rough outside, I feel like the friend character in a movie who centers themselves around the main character, never to do anything, anything, that does not affect their lives.
I feel isolated in the center of crowded rooms.
I’m stuck in this constant need to tell people something, while also not hurting them by saying it, while also not wanting to be that open to them. It’s a deadly bermuda triangle built on a rough sea of self loathing. And there’s no way out from what I can tell. I’ll always be stuck here. Not this physical place. I will always be stuck as these words on a short page when the human me almost shattered for good. The person who wrote these words is stuck in the past, unchanging, and because of this, the person you will later speak to is exactly as stuck.
The truth is that I was rigged to fail from the start. Depression isn’t current sadness keeping you in your bed. Depression is the long ago faded pain which kept you in bed, and will keep you in bed so long as you have it. Depression is never about the present, it’s always a past thing. And I’m still stuck in the past.
If you value anything I say, never worry for me. That is as good as calling me dead. If you want to help, just listen. Thanks.

Today, when the first and so far only person to respond actually said something to me privately, they asked if this was a suicide note. I said no.

I guess I wasn’t exactly lying. I don’t plan to kill myself now, specifically. But there is something there. The lack of response to this, literally just one person, only tells me my fears are true. If it seems only one person will care about my suicide, why shouldn’t I do it?

Idk why I’m putting this here, or what I’m seeking to find.