Long distance sister concerned about her little brother &amp; in need of resourcesSorry for the throwaway account, but I wanted to preserve some anonymity. For anyone who might be suicidal, please consider closing this thread, as it may contain triggers for you.

The backstory: My little brother (he's actually 26) lives 3 hours away with my mother. He's unemployed and an on-again-off-again college student, both due to his worsening mental health over the past few years, and so he doesn't have any health insurance. Communication is spotty (he almost never speaks to either mom or I) but we believe he has seen a therapist at least once or twice. Most likely a campus doc, while he was in school last semester. It's probable that he has BPD and/or paranoid schizophrenia; emphasis on the paranoia. He has periods of semi-wellness, and then periods of deep dysfunction and he's going through the latter right now.

Today he sent me several emails that talk about suicide &amp; not wanting to live anymore - one in particular mentioned a firearm which made me incredibly upset, as that to me indicates he's thinking about the "how" and not just seeking attention. (The attention-seeking behavior has occurred in the past.) The emails became progressively more paranoid - the most recent email as of fifteen minutes ago talks about two-faced family members; it gets more characteristically illogical from there.

I'm very concerned about him, and it sounds like he needs help pretty urgently. I called my mom and she's obviously beyond upset; this is her baby boy, and she struggles with depression herself. Also, his mood swings are essentially a carbon copy of my [estranged] father's troubles, from whom she divorced. So she's having to deal with a lot. After much phone discussion, she decided she wanted to talk with him and (a) ask him about the gun and (b) have a heart-to-heart about getting help. That's going on presently, but because I'm far away, I can't be there to help her or stay in the loop. She's calling back in a few hours to check in (otherwise I *will* be contacting local police for safety) but right now, I really have no idea how to help my brother. He has no health insurance, no job (nor any prospects -- he really can't function socially at all), he's not on disability, and if my mother leaves the home this evening for her safety, he'll be alone (not good). If she asks him to leave, he has no money and no friends, so he'll be homeless. I'm worried that an involuntary hold would put him in the hole for tens of thousands of dollars and my goodness, if he isn't suicidal now he would be after a $40K hospital bill. He's also incredibly paranoid and resistant to medication, as well as any kind of family involvement in treatment. Plus, he lives in the middle of nowhere Midwest USA, so local resources are few and far between. And it's Sunday night, so all local docs/psychs are closed.

Reddit SW, what exactly happens with an involuntary hold? Will he be stuck with a huge hospital bill if we were to initiate such an action? Are there any other crisis options available for someone who has literally nothing to his name, financially? I have absolutely no idea what to do and if I can help, or how I should. Thank you in advance for reading through this huge confused post. I've never experienced anything like this before, and am really at a loss as to what to do. : : : HUGS : : :

Edit: I am aware of NAMI, and have plans to contact the local chapter tomorrow for assistance. I called the Natl. suicide hotline this evening and wow...they weren't really helpful at all. That's why I turned here.