Venting about Suicide Awareness. So here is the thing.

I haven't gone a year since age 16 without trying to kill myself.

Am I ashamed of this? Not really.

I think if someone wants to kill themselves and they have had help fail them many a time, then it's their personal decision. I don't think anyone has the right to force someone to stay alive. I get that many people believe that suicide is a selfish decision, but asking someone to stay alive when everyday is hell, is also selfish. No one has to live your life but you.

People leave. People give up. People can't take it.

No one wants to be around someone that is constantly suicidal. People can't take it after awhile. It is draining.

Imagine how draining it is to feel it all the time.

Imagine having this constant feeling, almost like the need to take your hand off a burning stove and forcing yourself to leave it there.

People stop asking if you're ok.

They stop being your friend.

They run out of words.

After a while there is just nothing to say.

They talk shit about you.

They add to the pile.

They ignore you.

They treat you as broken as you feel.

They stop trying.

So you do too. You stop trying. What is the point staying around for all these people if once you decide to stay they disappear?

You suffer more loss.

So they put you on medication. But they don't really know what they are doing. Medicine for depression isn't an  exact science. You become a guinea pig. They "won't really know it is working until it is" before you know it you're on 8 different medications. Mind altering totally fucking symptom inducing medications. Medications that change your brain chemistry in a big way. Are you fighting the cause anymore? Or are you just fighting the symptoms?

They put you in the hospital, in patient, out patient, group therapy, individual therapy, art therapy, outdoor therapy, eating disorder clinic...

They all give the same information. It will get better. This is temporary.

I've felt like this for ten years.

ten years.

This isn't temporary.

This is my disease.

No, it doesn't "get better" that is ignorant. Things change. That is true, but not always for the better. Fuck people for spreading that false hope around.

I feel like I have cancer and everyone is angry about it. I get shunned and ostracized for it. I get left. I am more open to abuse because of it. I'm so sensitive I don't even know how to live. The way I carry myself is different. The way I think things through is different. My thought process is different.

This isn't something light. This isn't something I just get over or stop doing. My brain is altered this way. This is my reality.

Every second of everyday I want to die.

Every second of everyday I loathe being alive.

Am I sorry for this? Not anymore.

I refuse to be bullied for this. I refuse to listen to people tell me that I haven't done enough or I haven't lived long enough. No. NO.

You don't live my life.

You don't know what I go through.

You don't know what I've been through.

And why does it matter anyways? You will expire.

Maybe one conversation, maybe a years worth, you will leave.

Because you can't take it.

I can't take it.

But I just keep waking up.

I just keep waking up.

I don't know how I'm still alive.

I am abandoned.

I can't talk about it with anyone anymore.

My best friend dumped me basically.

I'm haunted by horrible memories.

I suffer.

I am locked in a room within myself.

So congratulations.

Congratulations for taking one day out of the entire year to really try to understand.

Thanks for putting a penny in my cancer awareness donation box. You've really changed my world.