After meeting my friends I can't decide if I'm motivated or suicidalYesterday I was going out with a friend. I got a very spontaneously invitation and after a little battle with myself because I don't want to go and continue sitting in my room with thinking thoughts, I decided to go. Because I was isolated for days and it was time to raise my ass and go out.
We had a lot of fun and I felt fine after a long time. Last time I stared in emptyness very offen, prisoned in my thoughts. But yesterday I just lived. Tried my best to get every lucky moment out off it. There were my endless thoughts but I said them to shut up. 
Everytime when my friend went to buy overpriced food and had the money for it.
Everytime she got attention from men and they told her how beautiful and sympathic she is.
Everytime she met someone she knows from here and there.
Everytime she told me something about her life.
I had moments when I just want to go home and cry about how horrible my own life is compared to hers and all the others I thought about in that moment. But it was all fine and when wie weint home, I was just happy and tired. I decided it'll get better for me, I just have to keep that in mind, try my best and then I'll have this good feeling more often. Fun, flow of life, a normal day. It doesn't matter how long it'll take. Because I got an impression of that person which I really am in the inside, under the pressure oft my life situation, anxiety, depression and chaotic thoughts.
I will be late to the party called good life, but I'll be there.

I thought I got over it to compare myself to others and just try to get my shit together. Well, today I just woke up and cry the hell out of me. Being again in my own life by myself, with absolutely nothing and no ideas how to get out oft this situation. I don't want to improve, just to have a little part from that what friends and people around me have for years, some things without even working on it. I don't want to get my degree when all my friends have a job, money, family, vacations and the best time of their lifes. It isn't worth it. I want to switch lifes, I don't want this life anymore. I don't want to be left behind. But even if I get motivated again, I just don't know what to do.

I want a change, but compared to what others have, no future perspective and the time factor, it is just worthless.