wish i was aloneMy boyfriend’s best friend subtley bullies me constantly. We used to all be friends but I eventually found out he best friend didn’t acrually like me. Boyfriend said it’s okay if he has a friend who doesn’t like me. I’ve been dealing with a short staffed over worked job as well as trying to control my adhd for the past couple years but this has just been it, since this started happening in the fall I have been stuck in a spiral of depression. I’ve tried to talk to him about this multiple times but he always gets defensive and I can’t tell if he’s gaslighting me or not, but somehow it always becomes about him (while he simultaneously says I’m making the conversation about me.....which why wouldn’t it? I’m bringing up how I feel..?) I have completely stopped drawing which used to be my passion. I don’t want to play video games anymore or walnmy dogs. I do things with him but I am so drained. Your friend hates me, and is bullying me, and you think that’s okay. How low of self esteem so i have to hae to put up with this? Or, if this is really normal, then i am not meant to be with someone. I’ve been so depressed I cut off most of my friendships, and I barely talk to anyone anymore. Telling him an ultimatum means nothing, he has to understand for himself how disrespectful he’s being. But he’s finally getting treatment and therapy now for his bipolar disorder and I haven’t felt like I can bring this up to him again, I don’t want to emotionally upset him. Besides he last time said he didn’t want to hear about it again. I won’t sctually go through with it....I have two cats who depend on me...and I could never do that to him....but I am at the point I fantasize about ending it constantly. Every day. I take Benadryl to sleep just to escape a little longer from my thoughts. 

edit: best friend is a girl. We are all queer and multi sexual. I had suspicions the friend had a crush on him which he thought was silly, and she openly denied when I asked (his advice to me was to just ask, but that he won’t ask himself because “she doesn’t like if I speak for you”). Ya well this friend is tagging him in blatantly romantic things all over social media now. But ok.