My son who was so pure and kind just committed suicide in the UK .. far far from home. About 14 hours by planeI lost my son eleven days ago.  He committed suicide,  as he had severe emotional issues ftom horrible and I mean horrible things that happened to him when he was young. He had just be diagnosed,  two months ago with severe Ulcerative Crones disease... He went to Europe. There was no Stelara ( crones Med) there. He knew he’d suffer ...He thought he’d be happier far away. He always thought he be ok far away. Never stayed in one place too long.   He was so sick from a flare up of his crones he went from 175lbd to 110lbs.  He was a Skelton.  His bones sticking out. His pictures made me cry and cry and cry.  He then felt very vulnerable and he couldn’t live with  “not having power”.  as someone evil took his power away when he was young. Someone offered him to stay at there house- there were sick gross people but he thought everyone was nice like him.    He also had brain damage from a previous suicide attempt gone wrong. So then my son had brain damage so he believed everything anyone said. He was 30 so I could not force him to stay home. He kept leaving home.  Running away from himself. always going to places far away and many times dangerous countries. But when he travelled before,   he was sharp, smart, aware picked out lies, bs and could smell bad situations. No one could fool him. A man and his wife did quite the number on him. His health was failing.  He knew with crones he couldn’t travel anymore.  He wanted to come home to us but he was a 14 hour flight away. He was took weak saw no hope and was doing a podcast while overdosing. I am loosing it. I love him so much. He was my sage as he was so book smart and school smart. If something scared me even though I’m his mom he helped me,  he would stay on the phone for hours with me- talking making sense of things. He wouldn’t say good buy until he saw in my face I was ok. We spoke or texted everyday. It’s 11 days. I want him back. I cant walk. I dont want to see light. I dont want to eat no appetite not only that’ but I want to go join him. He was my everything. Want to write more but can barley see the screen crying too much. This is torture