Pretty much done.[Really long, might not be clear, sorry. I'm not exactly in a good state of mind to be typing out my thoughts right now, so please do forgive me.]


I just turned 16 last October 30. Being raised by a single mother (teacher and soon-to-be principal), living in a house with a really loving and caring family (grandma, grandpa, uncle). Now that we've got formalities out of the way, let's get into the shit.

I was a token student. A kid everyone knew as "that one smart kid" or someone with unlimited career opportunities. My depression actually started 6th grade, which sounds weird but hear me out. After the shit I witnessed with my mom and dad arguing all the time when I was still a kid, I turned my attention to reading magazines and huge books on planes, trains, cars and more to get my mind off of the arguments that made me worry. I figure that's how I became so mature at that young age, and also how I became so smart. However, I was and still am an introvert, I suck at talking to people and I always make things so awkward during conversations. For reasons unknown, I was bullied throughout 6th grade... And it continued until the end of middle school (which was actually my best time in school).

Come freshman year of high school, I continue to do well, which is fine, and my depression is still there but I wasn't suicidal. Sophomore year is when everything went to shit.

Now sophomore year I overwhelmed myself with all these honors and AP classes - I was up past midnight doing homework almost daily, which I could manage. What was really shitty though was not the AP classes, but it was in fact Chemistry and Algebra 2. My algebra 2 teacher didn't know how to teach and really shouldn't be a teacher; she did not help me understand anything at all, even in tutoring. My chemistry teacher was a total douchebag and I was too afraid to ask him anything, even in tutoring for the fear of being wrong and the fact that he practically called me stupid in front of the class 3rd quarter.

Each progress report I got that year was pretty bad. I got yelled at by my mom and I cried and I cried, and prayed to God that things would get better. Things didn't get better at all, and I ditched praying. I felt my family getting farther away from me, like I was a disappointment, something really bad in an Asian family like mine. Because of this, I punched myself in the nose every day to bleed without cutting myself.

My final grades were really bad. The only classes I failed were Algebra 2 and Chemistry, both with D+'s. To top it off, my chemistry teacher put in a comment on my grade saying "Great student/credit to class." I was brutally devastated and I cried hysterically every night. I don't even know if I can go to a university or join the USAF anymore, and if so, might as well end it now.

Come junior year (now!) and things are a bit better grade wise (even though I get yelled at for having a B+) but there's this thought at the back of my head that nothing matters anymore. Even if I get a good grade now, my future is still dull due to my performance from sophomore year.

Then I have some other problems. I feel like a fucking loser. My friends don't feel like friends anymore, I was backstabbed by two girls I was friends with (not girlfriend), which just happened recently so I am still pretty fucking down. I feel like a lot of people distance themselves away from me because of how negative and gloomy I am, and I'm just an all around awkward person to be around and to talk to. I guess people look at me as "that weirdo".

I look at couples in hate. I look at people who have awesome 4.0+ GPAs in hate. I look at happy people in hate. I hate successful people... I guess I hate everyone.

Speaking of couples, one of the girls that backstabbed me went behind my back saying that she wasn't interested in having a boyfriend when she told me she liked me (pretty contradictory, I know) and went to homecoming with one of my friends. I'm no longer friends with her, even though she thinks we still are friends.

Now I have standards for girls, and I have my eyes set on this really nice Asian girl who sits by me in two classes. Token student, professional, knows what she's doing, fun to talk to despite my awkwardice and nervousness. Knowing my luck, I'll never have her though, and besides, I've never had a girlfriend before.

In conclusion, I guess this was sort of a rant about my life. I don't even think I made any points clear. All I can say is that all of the problems I stated above are really hitting me now, and I think it's time to end things. I really have no purpose of being here, nor do I think I'll become anything I want to be in the future.

In the end, it's me against the world, and I'd say the world won.