Need to die before JuneI know I won't make it to the summer.

Every day that I don't have work to do, like weekends and vacations, I cut. I can't help but start thinking about all the horrible things that have happened to me and those I love.

My boyfriend was sexually assaulted by his brother and cousin for years when he was a child. He doesn't want me to know who it was, but I figured it out. And now I have to pretend I don't know who it was. I interact with this brother all the time. He is actually really nice. I have to live with the burden of this knowledge and I can't tell a single soul I know because my boyfriend doesn't want anyone to know. Which is reasonable--he is embarrassed and people do NOT treat victims well, especially male victims of sexual assault. It's so fucked up. Our society is sick and disgusting. 

It just goes to show, you can't tell what's inside someone. And that terrifies me. Whenever I'm in an elevator with a stranger, I fear they will rape or torture or kill me. I'm so afraid of everyone and everything. I want to die because I cannot stand living in fear.

I was abused by my boss when I was a teacher. I became a teacher after I lost my dream of becoming a scientist. Now I am afraid of men who look like him. He was Indian, and now I am afraid of tall Indian guys. So now I am racist. I am everything I hate.

I cry so often at home that nobody cares anymore. Nobody ever comes up to me and hugs me or talks to me when I cry. They just ignore it and go about their business, even if I am in the same room. It hurts really bad. Nobody loves me. But I don't blame them.

I've been researching carbon monoxide. I might do it that way.

I skipped both of my therapy appts this week. I just can't think about these things anymore.

I tried for 10 years to be a scientist. 10 years of my life, my entire 20s, wasted doing intense work. I worked myself into the ground, pushing myself way too hard and now I'm a burnt out loser nothing piece of shit leech who lives in her parents' basement in misery. I just broke.

Every morning, I wake up and feel a little anxious. I don't know why at first. But if I sit in my bed for even five minutes, the memories flood back and the emotions are right there with them. I hate mornings because it forces me back into reality. I hate weekends and breaks because I am alone with my broken self. These are the times I cut, beat myself in the head with objects, and punch my torso as hard as I can. I want to scratch my face off until there's nothing left to hate.

I tried to meditate a couple of weeks ago, as per my therapist's request. It was really hard. I think I got it a couple of times--a clear mind that isn't thinking about anything... but then when I looked deep inside myself, I saw nothing but a deep, dark, bottomless pit of sadness that I am sinking into. I almost started crying in front of the monks.

I have a problem with pot. I smoke multiple times a day, every day. I smoke as soon as I get home because I can't stand one minute of being with myself in my head. I realized the other day that the main reason I love pot is because of the memory loss. When I'm high, all I am thinking about is the current moment--my comfortable bed, my cuddly kitties, a funny youtube video. I can't do this sober. It's a real problem. I smoke out of a bong, too, so my tolerance is insanely high. No pun intended. But I ran out, because I smoked it so fast, and my dealer is out of town until next week. I won't have any pot this entire weekend. It's going to be bad. I already feel shaky, my heart hurts, and I'm completely overcome by anxiety. I can't really eat or sleep. I don't want to live like this.

This week was valentine's day. My boyfriend and I have a very bad relationship. He is a great person, one of the most generous and unselfish people I've ever met. But we are codependent, and have bad habits, and communication issues. What's more, I am so so so sensitive to what he says that I can get upset at very small things. Sometimes, if I get upset enough, I throw things and break stuff like a spoiled little child who deserves to get beaten. My boyfriend has PTSD so violence triggers him, so when I do this he becomes overwhelmed with anxiety and begins to treat me badly... which makes me cut. I mean, obviously I don't blame him for being triggered and then not being supportive... he can't help it. It's just his flight or fight response. But it hurts me, and it hurts him.

So on valentines day we talked and we decided we need to break up. It was almost like a cruel, sick joke when we went out for our pre-planned valentine's day dinner later together. It was a horrible day and I would rather have an anvil fall on my head than live through that again.

He's going to move into his cousin's house nearby. I've been with him for 7 years. I don't know how to live without him because we are unhealthily codependent. Also, he's pretty much the only person who actually might love me a little. I'm not sure. I don't want to get my hopes up because God likes to smash them down whenever I start to feel OK.

No, I don't really believe God is doing it. I actually am agnostic. But it just really feels like there's someone out there who doesn't like me, and is out to get me. It really feels like the world is against me and actively works to sabotage my efforts.

I got drunk and messaged my childhood bully on facebook. I really let that asshole have it. I do not regret this. I blocked him so he couldn't reply. He's one of the stars of my morning flashbacks.

Why is everyone so horrible? Why doesn't anyone care about me? Why doesn't anyone hear me when I scream, I AM IN PAIN? I NEED HELP! i seriously need help and nobody will help me... they wont take me seriously at all... they are used to my bloody arms, legs, stomach and neck.

I don't really want to die, but I don't think I can live. It's just too hard when your brain is a broken worthless piece of shit. Am I my brain? I don't know.

I had to block my aunt on facebook, and I posted about the interaction in raised by narcissists. I've seen nothing but support in that thread... until my post. For some reason, everyone else is believed but I was questioned and told that what I did was wrong. I feel like people just don't like me, and I don't understand why. I don't understand what makes other people valuable, and good, and deserving of support and love, but not me. What is wrong with me? Why can't I be happy? Why can't I be loved? I love others, and they do not love me back.

I look ahead to my future and all I see is a bleak horizon. A million steps through a lifeless desert of pain until death. Why go to so much effort just to scrape by? It's just not worth it. I'm not worth it.