I am completely lost and suicidalSo I'm (20) writing this out of pain and anguish and it feels like I have nowhere else to turn. I was recently accused of sexual battery by a girl (23) who, along with myself, had too many to drink and she was also popping pills (which she ended up telling in the morning. We didn't have sex at all. I knew what was gonna happen next I'm just smart I have a good gut instinct. My roommate (best friend of 6 years) kicks me out of the apartment and doesn't even care to hear my side of the story. I get almost choked to death by my other friend who apparently had a crush on her since middle school and just assumed I raped her. So I admit myself to the hospital because I was really about to kill myself and I'm only a day in there when my mom calls me and tells me the girl pressing charges. Apparently my "friends" were having a meeting with her and I'm assuming it was to discuss a plan to prosecute me. All these people didn't even get my side of the story, yet they instantly believed this girl. So I get out on Christmas Eve of last year, and I'm told an investigator wants to talk to me. I talk to him because I'm naive and I really had nothing to hide. I was honest and straightforward and her narrative was apparently constantly changing. She just took what everyone else said and ran with it. So I go in again in February and I'm like okay wtf I need a lawyer y'all are trying to fry my ass. So I ask for a lawyer and these sly mfs slide two felony arrest warrants they've been keeping the whole time, and escort me to jail via an unmarked police car. First time in jail and let me tell you, I wanted to die so badly. I was in there for a week and when I got out, this girl comes over a week after at 4AM in is posted up outside, screaming and yelling telling me to come outside. Now I have a no contact order at this point prohibiting myself and everyone I know from even speaking to her. So at this point, legally, we just had to sit back and wait for police. So she tries breaking into our house and breaks down our side gate to try and get in the sliding door but luckily someone blocked it with wood. So the cops get there and they LITERALLY pass her as they're pulling up like a bunch of fucking idiots. So we go the next morning to get a restraining order and she does the SAME thing. She said I did exactly what she did and ended up getting it because my mom forgot her court date. So fast forward to September and I get news that the case is being dropped and guess what, so does the girl, and she is PISSED. She comes over AGAIN, but this time it was a close call because it was right as I was walking in the house. She gets out her car and starts screaming and yelling and making actual death threats. She and her boyfriend blow up my phone with threats AND SHE HAS THE RESTRAINING ORDER ON ME. So the cops show up 40 fucking minutes and three phone calls later, and by this point she talks her way out of it and they let her go. So yesterday, my mom and my dad went to court for her stalking charges and we had a stockpile of evidence against her, but the judge dropped the case because I wasn't there, even though no one said I had to be a witness. No one subpoenaed me either so I'm just really disappointed at this point. For anyone who read through this, I have BPD, PTSD, severe anxiety, severe paranoia, and schizoid delusions from this experience. Everyday I wake up I want to die because I'm stuck in a position where I can't get a job, corona is going around, and everyone in my city thinks I'm some sort of psychopathic rapist pedophile. I got unemployment but blew it all on things I didn't need because if I was going to spend my life in prison, I would go all out before then. Now I regret not saving my money because now that the case is over, I have nothing and I am basically leeching off of my parents at this point. I feel like a piece of absolute shit when I go about my day because I have nothing to show for it. I went through all of this and the justice system bent me over a fucked me in the ass. Now I have a therapist who just wants to talk about fucking breathing exercises and writing in a journal. I just don't think people can truly understand what I'm going through because my situation is so unique and people don't know what to tell me. So this is why I wish I could just fucking kill myself. I often put gun fingers to my head just out of impulse when no one's looking. I hit myself when I don't do something right. I am a failure to myself and to society and no one except my family, gives a single shit about me. Friends of 8 plus years turned their backs on me for a person they only knew for a day. I don't know what to do anymore. My fucking brain hurts and my heart hurts and I feel like I'm losing touch with reality.