The ConundrumsI'm only alive so someone else won't die alone, knowing full well that is my fate.

___

I've been suicidal for 18 years. I've been hospitalized 3 times. 1st time for pills, but I was so into drugs at the time my tolerance handled it long enough for someone to find me and pump my stomach. 2nd time someone found out I got a gun and called the cops knowing I was planning to use it. 3rd time was voluntary. And then...

6 years ago my Dad died. The 1st conundrum.

My Dad was always what truly kept me from doing anything. My dad was my best friend and the only person in my whole life I knew gave a shit. I'm an only son of an only son. It was me and him against the world. And he died in his sleep out of nowhere. Undiagnosed sleep apnea. Found him dead taking a nap, when I was 28. 

The 1st conundrum is, the only 2 other family members I have are my grandparents, and they were real old, so if I killed myself at the moment where I truly and utterly was at my lowest not only would  they have to go through losing their son and grandson, but they would also  have noone ro take care of them or visit them...

And then last year...my grandpa died. Now its just me and grandma... she's epileptic and handicapped. 

This is just my situation. This is literally none of the feelings I have about the world or of myself and why I don't want to be alive.

_

My profession let's other people have work and feed their kids. The 2nd conundrum.

I work with a lot of good people. They all have big families and kids. And I have a card in my pocket that says if I'm not there they cant work, I'm a journeyman. Not only do they not work but my boss loses money too. So I take food out the mouths of 3 families of I'm not around.

The 2nd conundrum is, as much as I've tried in the last 18 years of relationships to have start family and find a significant other worth my time, I've failed, but everyone I help gets to have that.

I watch my work and effort give others the things I honestly deserve.


....

I feel like I've been drowning my whole life and I can't handle anything anymore. I'm so tired...