can't afford to get my hopes up // need advice...though i will regardless!

so. last night, incredibly, i found a psychiatrist near me who specializes in evaluating a bunch of things, namely personality disorders and ptsd. it is the first time i've seen someone in my area even mention these in their professional capabilities. all the others only handle... idk, grief and depression and family issues. very general stuff. so seeing this felt like doves fluttering away, aka something that would only happen in a movie.

however, since i haven't even tried to set up an appointment, i'm already cruising hard on the Hopes and Expectations Train and if this doesn't work out (there are many ways it can go wrong lol) thennnnn... i'm screwing myself over because i fall HARD when hopes fall through. like, i'd be devastated and probably pledge to not go back, which i did a year ago. i just need!! some positive experiences!!!

but yeah. i'm not sure how to go into this without raising my standards way too damn high. i'm banking on a perfect eval when there are a million ways it won't turn out how i want it to. the psychiatrist gives off good vibes (i tend to care about that kind of thing) so?? to hope for the best or to act as a stranger in my own body? i can't really not get my hopes up unless i dissociate.

worst case scenario: i have a terrible time and as i take myself back home alone i jump in front of a car. like i wanted to last year. 

idk what i'm expecting by writing?? tips by someone who's had a successful or unsuccessful psych eval? am i allowed to go in and tell her what i think i have? do they prefer if you've done your research or not? can i argue with her eval if i disagree? how easy is it to deny medication? is it like having a therapist where you need like 5+ visits before they can tell you what's wrong or will she try to eval me the first visit? will it feel like i'm being tested or will it feel like talk therapy? is she gonna whip out the dsm-5 or have her own list? should i bring up everything or just what will get me the best eval results? is there a certain way to talk to them to get what you want? is all of this subjective???

aaaaaAAAAAAAA!!!!! why is nothing easy