Depression and bulimia = suicideHi Nice to meet you! Right now i'm in need for your help. Your advice, your point of view and how you would have dealt with it if you were me. I'm a 22 year old male and i don't know if ill ever turn 23. For about 3-4 years i have been depressed and about 1 year ago my bulimia started. I suppose my depression started when i realized that i was stuck in time and everybody i knew moved forward, got a job, and started collage and lived their lives to max. I never completed highschool, im lazy and i have something called 'ADD' if i'm doing something that i dont like i lose focus and i decide to quit what ever im doing. The 3 years my friends went to high school i always tried to go to a school but it always ended up me being kicked out because i was never there. This happened 3 times to the point i was over the age for joining a highschool. After that i still tried and this time it was 'adult education' and yes, i failed that to, 3 times. I guess that im just too depressed to complete such task. And the school is not all the problems i have, i dont know if this happens because i'm depressed or if the reason if im just a terrible human being. I almost never like the people i meet, and they never like me. It's like im always finding something about a person that's makes me 'off'. I don't want it to be like that, i want to have friend, im really lonley. I don't have a job, i can get one from my dad but i always tells him no, cause the job is a really bad one, bad pay and i swim in mud all day. I want to have a job that matters to me, i dont want to be 40 and still have a job that i really hate. I dont want to spend 10 hours a day to me miserable. But i still dont know what i want to do, and you need to study to the most jobs today thats not 'shit'. so thats like 2 years to study my high school degree and after than then what? Then i need to go to collage for 3-5 years, and i dont think collage is for me, no i never went to highschool so yes, im kinda stupid. Everyday people think im stupid because i don't know certain things. It can be what ever, and i have a problem that my brain just freezes and i dont know the answer to REALLY easy questions. I dont really know if that's from my ADD or if im just stupid.
Now to the bulimia part, when i was 18 i was really fit, i was handsome and girls really liked me. But over the years i put on more and more weight and now im obesity. My bulimia goes up and down, some days i don't puke, others can be as bad as me eating then puking it all up, then i eat agen and puke yet agen. I really want to lose weight but the bulimia is taken over my body, i can't control myself around food at night.
I have small dreams but they are slowly fading away, one of them is to study japanese in japan. Another dream is to travel to australia or new zealand get a shitty job but just to live my life for a second. It feels like if i just left my home and my country that i just have bad memories of if i just left that behind for 1 year. And when i come back i have another point of view of life. My family loves me and they are always telling me to start to study, but i just dont know anymore, 6 times i have failed, what's so different about this time? And they have problems to, and i live with them so it's like their problems become mine, they always fight when my sister is around 'she is 11' and i always need to defend her and comfort her when she's sad. My mom is an alcoholic and dont even try to get help for it. Every night is a nightmare when she's drunk and they are fighting so my sister gets sad. The only time i can relax is when everybody sleeps, and its then i decide to get my reward, and that is food.
It feels like if i just had a little bit of courage in me, just a little bit, i would have taken my own life long time ago.
If you had my life, what would you do?
Please help.
Sorry for my poor english.