Not sure why I'm hereMy life has been consistently difficult for me. I don't exactly have a family. We're  bunch f broken toxic people who don't keep in touch. My father kidnapped me a a child and left me in a basement where i was subjected to a room for hours a day that was sound-proofed, with the lightswitch and dead-bolt on the outside, where i spent my days in silence and darkness with nothing but an army cot and a tabbaccco can to pee in. I found out it was part of a scam so he could collect money from the government. His girlfriend collected welfare and child benefit cheques under me and my siblings' identities with a series of forged documents to pay the way for her crack addiction. Motion detectors, no phone or computer access, very little food (a tv dinner or can or chef boyardee for dinner and a glass of powdered milk suppliment) we were told everyday that  noone loved us, that we deserved it and that we'd never be free. she died years ago without getting caught. i ran away and my dad chose her, to support her after i escaped at 15, while i tried to overcome the trauma living with my heroin addicted aunt, who eventually killed herself in the few months i was in highschool. despite the depression and unstable home i had top marks until her suicide was my tipping point and i dropped out. Now i'm unemployed, 26, with what i can describe as feeling like ptsd or bprderline personality disorder (not self-diagnosing, just describing symptoms). I dont have much family support. I dont talk with my siblings, have few close friends, and i've struggled to keep my head above water my whole life without any sign of my life improving. Everyday is excruciating and painful, i feel as though im too broken and lack the resources to help myself. Why am i suffering everyday to be around when i feel like i dnt want to be here? Why try to fix myself for a world that doesnt want me? I feel like a burden, a toxic person with no hope. Where do I go from here? Ive been patient, I've been brave, I'm fucking suffering. If my life meant so much to people it wouldn't be this way. I get a "happy birthday" copy-paste wall post every year from my dad, which feels like the extent of our relationship. He posts on reddit a lot though, and like a loser, i search his username and read his comments to feel like he's in my life. I feel like when i try to be around people I'm "subjecting them" to me. I feel so alone, and pathetic, and it never ends. Decades of suicidal thoughts and all I get are regurgitated platitudes from people who are trying to be polite. I'm a waste. I tried so hard to get back on my feet after being seriously suicidal last year. I mustered up all my energy and got a job, an apartment and ended up having ym boss sexually harrass me and then fire me when i denied his advancements. He banned me from coming to the bar and now my sister aand friends all still hang there knowing i cant join them. I'm unemployed and destitute and devastated. I think i'm too sick to have a healthy life at  this point. If it is attainabe, i'd need a lot more support and stability and love than has ever been available to me.