AloneI'm writing this sensationally high.
Every day it seems things have been getting worse for me lately.
Im 20 years old, but I moved out of my parents house about a year ago. I say moved out, but in reality they didnt give me a choice. Im gay, they're very religious, and they said I had to choose being gay or having any sort of connection with them. Unfortunately, being gay was not something I had control over. They didnt seem to understand that.

I had a job when I first left but after some time there I became a student full time and now I work some days as a waiter. I had everything pretty under control for the first part of the semester, but to keep up i had to cancel my insurance payments. I know thats wrong but I didnt know what else to do. I also ran into trouble with my room mate, who wants the rent a few days before the 1st. I get my biggest income through a sort of financial aid on the first. Its more than enough to pay rent and bills. But because it comes ON the 1st, my room mate is constantly telling me how he had to "cover" and I always am made to feel like Im struggling and I'm a burden. Then, a couple months ago, I shattered my phone. My phone company replaced the phone for me, as it was insured, and charged me the tiny $400 copay. On top of my usual bill for the month, this took up more of my aid than I could afford. All pocket cash from waiting tables is my food/gas money. And my savings was completely nonexistent at this point since I left my house suddenly and really hadn't planned on it (I had just spent a ton of money on tuition/college expenses). So now I had to spent all of last month with no service because I couldnt pay my bill. My line was temp. disconnected, I couldnt get any calls or texts. My boss was furious with me. So, as soon as I got my payment the beginning of this month, I paid rent and that whopping phone bill. I anticipated working certain days early on, but was called out by my boss because it was "too slow" at the restaurant. Due to this, I overdrew my account by about 200$, accounting for my bills thinking I could make it up in the weekend. So now my debit card was overdrawn by 200. Because of this I couldnt pay my credit card payment, which incurred a late fee, which brought it over the limit. On top of all this, I found out that I'd forgotten to pay one one of my house bills that my room mate sent me (he only ever sent it through Venmo, and my phone was out of service). So now I'm a month late paying my room mate about another hundred bucks. I owe 200 on my debit card and 49 on my credit card. All in the span of about a month. OH, I forgot to mention what happened a couple months ago as well. I get a text from my mom (to which i didnt answer). She says I got my registration reminder from the DMV and that it was gonna be around  a grand. Theres no way in hell I can ever afford that. My registration expires. On top of no insurance. NEXT. I, in high spirits as I've been trying to stay, asked my two younger room mates if theyd like to go have a bonfire at the beach. I used to go a lot with my friends from the religion but now I didn't really have anyone, so I thought it would be nice. We all hopped into my car,  I went to start it, and all I heard was a tut-tut-tut from the engine. My battery was dead. I have the only car out of my room mates. I texted anyone I still somewhat considered a friend (the list is dwindling honestly). All busy, all sooo sorry, all cant help. I texted my mom for the first time in a bit. You're on your own, she says. I can't drive to work or school. Getting to work on public transportation would be an all day thing, since its in a smaller town. In 4 days I think I've eaten about 3,000 calories. I'm 6'3. I have no food and now I can't even take my room mates to the store or to eat, which was my only saving grace in getting someone to buy me something (which is one of the most humiliating positions I've had to be in, in my life). I have no food. No money. No friends. I dont know what to do. I smoke cannabis because it helps dissolve how heavy those thunder clouds feel in my head, but even so. I don't feel that I'd actually commit suicide. Mostly because I don't have the means or the courage (not in the good way). But I think about it a lot. All the time. I keep getting told (it'll get better) but I've been told that for 10 years now and it really isnt getting any better. I don't know what else to do. 