Found out years later that someone wrote a song about meI just recently discovered something from my past that left me feeling empty and questioning if anything in my life has any meaning.  This story will seem a little weird, please bear with me.  When I was in college I developed a drug problem with prescription pills, and over the years it caused me to behave in odd ways at certain times.  In my sophomore year I was going to see a band I was a huge fan at an on-campus show, and I was high on pills at the time. I was totally obsessed with their music, and after the show me and the friend I was with had the opportunity to meet the lead singer.  I said something strange to him (I don't quite remember what) and then quickly left.  Recently I was listening to their music and remembered that incident.  I was listening to their third album (which came out about 10 months after this encounter) and realized from the themes in some of the songs that they were about our awkward encounter.  I know this seems far-fetched but trust me, Im 99% sure.  I attended a show of the band's a couple years later and remember the lead singer noticing me from the stage.  After studying the lyrics to all their music released after the initial encounter from college, I realized that he wrote another song about seeing me in the crowd all those years later.  The reason why this upset me so much was because the themes of the songs were very emotional and romantic in nature.  The songs were about him being taken aback by my behavior at our awkward meeting but him not being able to get me out of his head, describing me as a "wreck", but there was also a theme of searching for someone in a star-crossed lovers sort of way.  I felt so depressed about this because I wondered if it was some sort of missed connection. I know that Im not making it all up in my head.  There were multiple songs over 4 albums with these themes, it appears I became some kind of muse.  I could explain more but I don't want to divulge too much information about the songs.  I have changed a lot in the past year after suffering a major depressive episode (I also gained 40 lbs from a psych med I was on) and this made me feel disconnected from my former self, like this happened to the old me but I am no longer that person and I dislike who I am now and how my life is going.

&amp;#x200B;

I only started reminiscing over this kind of thing in my life since I became very depressed about 10 months ago.  I was initially institutionalized for drugs and mental health in 2016 and kept being transferred to different facilities for about 2 years. In the second facility I had a schizophrenic break and was diagnosed formally with schizophrenia.  In June 2018 I transitioned out of the most recent facility to an apartment in the community. At the time I was drinking alcohol (to celebrate my newfound freedom) and my mother would act crazy, scream at me and totally lose it when she caught me.  (some background: my mother has undiagnosed psych issues where she becomes hysterical, rage-yells at me, and gets confused and has ranting conversations with people.) When she got hysterical she dragged me to my therapist and doctor while she was ranting, which was totally stressful and uncomfortable.  This happened a few times over that summer after I moved to my apartment (even if she didn't catch me drinking) because, I think, she had been so stressed and worried about me during my stay in the facilities and needed me to be 100% fixed after all that time in the psych facilities.  One day I had trouble sleeping and took too many anti-anxiety pills my doctor had prescribed me and ended up in the behavioral health unit.  Shortly before this I had received a DUI. Due to these 2 events, my therapist and doctor decided to put me in PHP (partial hospitalization program) 5 days a week for 4 hours a day, while I was working full-time evening shift. They were aware of my work schedule and did not immediately recommend to me that I needed to quit my job. After a few weeks, I had become burnt out and wasn't attending PHP regularly, and then my therapist finally suggested that I quit my job, but I refused because keeping my job was important to me (after all the time I spent not working) and I was too stubborn to realize it wasn't healthy for me to do both. I eventually put myself into rehab as an escape from PHP (a stupid solution, but I was still a but delusional at that time). I felt trapped by PHP and the facility was giving me no way out, telling me that I would be discharged "when I made improvement".  I was in PHP about 2 months before I put myself in rehab, which I only did because I felt so stressed about having to go to PHP 5 days a week and work evening shift full time.  My rehab experience was awful because I was sent to a facility with 19 beds; terrible for someone with shyness and social anxiety like me, who doesn't like opening up during group therapy or individual therapy.  The environment there was awful for me because the small number of people around made me feel extremely insecure, I was expected to interact with peers and staff constantly in a manner that made me so uncomfortable and insecure that I just withdrew into myself even further.  After rehab I was still stuck in PHP for 3 days a week instead of 5, however, by this point I had totally stopped participating (after becoming withdrawn during the rehab experience) and was told that I needed to participate in order to be discharged.  I stopped going to PHP due to how uncomfortable I was in a group setting but felt this nagging guilt that I should have been attending. This really messed with my psyche as it went on for 2 additional months after rehab.  During my hearing for the DUI I was ordered to go back to PHP 3 days a week, but I switched PHP facilities due to the fact that I felt so trapped in the program at the initial facility.  They totally ignored the fact that I wasn't getting better, just burning out from the stress of having to go to PHP and working full-time.  The new PHP location discharged me to individual therapy after a month because they say I wasn't getting anything therapeutic out of the group setting.  To summarize, being forced to go to PHP while working full time was not the best thing for my mental health and well-being, they didn't consider my needs as an individual and put me in a situation that was harmful to my mental health and ultimately caused me to have a major depressive episode that I am still suffering from. I have lost interest in many things that used to make me happy and have trouble concentrating, and restless constantly, and struggle in social situations far more than I used to.  This facility and its negligence is responsible for my current mental state.