I'm really tired of it allAfter slaving away for a major paper for an major class I'm in, I just got it back and earned only a C on it. It doesn't sound that bad on its own probably but in the context of my life right now I really, really needed this to actually be good. I'm a junior in college and its just been a whole semester of mediocrity for me, and I have been trying harder than I was last year. The rest of my grades for my other classes aren't that much better, and I have been really trying hard to improve my GPA for years. I want to go to a good law school but these college grades aren't up to show for it, and I have spent days on end staring into space and procrastinating on whatever normal work I have to do for the day, all while feeling that it's just so pointless. 

My social life isn't any better either. My only friends are my roommates and they just add to the distraction and frequently piss me off indirectly, usually with them constantly shitting on other people I know behind their backs or just constant complaining about everyone else around them. I don't use the word often but its such a toxic atmosphere. They haven't said anything to my face about it but I know I'm also a really sensitive person and I can tear up over the smallest things, so I hide that so I can't get bothered by anybody over it. I've been doing that for years, along with thinking about suicide, but its all so tiresome. So many fantasies, ranging from notes that call out people I want to suffer for making me suffer to just vague apologies to the few people who care about me, and vice versa. I'm writing this here because I've been planning so much already and I'm worried about actually acting on it, because I've thought about suicide for as along as I can remember and it's never been more attractive than now.

You could say that it's all going to be okay, say that its just a small blip on the timeline of my life, but I really don't have any prospects. I know that I'm a liability and that I've caused more harm than good to people, despite me spending my life trying to do the opposite. For years I've never actually understood what I wanted to do in my life, I've always wanted to be creative but I have never mustered up the motivation to actually do something that's satisfied me. I constantly come up with ideas for books, poems, songs, lyrics, and it never really manifests into anything because I either forget about the idea and move on to something or fail to make any progress after seeing how terrible it looks on paper. I don't know if you've ever felt that way, but not being able to really do the one thing you actually want to do and believe you're good at is soul-destroying.

The worst part is that I know that there are people who care about me, and I know that whoever responds to this would be included in that group of people, but I still fail to see a point in it all. 

If you managed to make it through this wall of text I thank you, and hope you have a nice day. 