So the ideation comes more frequentlyIf you want to not have your day soured, stop here stranger. 



I've had depression for the last few years now, no big deal, having all the joy in anything slowly be sucked away is surprisingly tolerable, but at this point I think I've been basically , in dark souls terms hollowed out. There is no more emotion left, just pain and anger and sometimes sadness? I went from being a man who could crush something with a 90% failrate (computer science) to finding getting out of bed to be an exceptionally trying task. Suicide ideation would come maybe once every few months, then once a month. Now in December? I've episodes happen for nearly a 3rd of the month, I think whatever "super natural" force if there is one behind it is finally telling me to just finish this business, no point in beating it around the bush, that would screw my family though who have sacrificed so much for me......but it's getting ever more tempting.

 Unironically if someone were to kill me I'd almost consider it a favour at this point, least there would be closure for those close to me other then "he couldn't tolerate life anymore", that was the fate of my uncle and first cousin and my family are still recovering from the fall out from that, "why didn't he say anything" years on. 

My family are well aware of my depression and I'll be blunt in that talking about it does nothing to talk about it for me, I'm just leeching off them more then I already am at that point. If I try to get help I can enjoy a permenant black mark of being mentally ill (I've had ambitions to become a gun owner in the past when I still had ambitions, I'm a euro by the way), or immigration, assuming I live long enough to get the """"emergency"""  access to a therapist of any kind (+4 months is a great turn around time for emergencies, gotta love Irish healthcare ). 

My default state is stable, not good, not bad just nothing, stability, and it's hard now to justify why I should press on especially since with my engineering skills I'm sure I can devise as least painful a way as possible for my family to end myself. My recent university graduation is pyyrhic at best as I was pre depression prior to entering it, and now I walk out this complete hollow who will probably lose his sanity sooner then later. I am not sure why I'm even posting here, Aside from it being the only suicide related subreddit I could find (I suspect the rest were removed from the platform). I don't deserve the things I have, I have no reason to be suffering this, aside from maybe the universe telling me "hey it's time to go buddy, I need you to decompose for entropy related reasons", I have bright prospects in both work and in general, ironically, I don't fear any difficulty in finding a romantic partner or anything of the sort. I do have a physical condition but that will go away eventually. 

See you later stranger, now Im Gonma bet on when the next episode of when I do the hard drug of suicide phantasies comes out!