I NEED HELP PLEASE?!?!?!I keep reliving my traumas. I'm constantly burning and I just want to be put out. I'm tired. I just want to sleep forevermore without dealing with it. I'm getting help but still. Not saying I will kill myself but there are often times I have the thought of doing it and sometimes I'm worried I'll do it so in case it happens I would like to ensure the future of my 2 cats and dog.

They're not just ordinary animals either. They are my children. My equals in every way. If I had to I would gladly give my life up just to save theirs. It may seem foolish to take a "dog and cat life" so seriously but please understand I do. I love them so much. I am just worried that if I were to slip one day I want to make sure all are okay if/when I am gone. 

Both my cats were saved from circumstances and are very close to one another and would have to be together FOREVER while my dog, could stay with my mom's husband but he is old and doesn't take care of himself well. I have a strong feeling something will happen to him before my dog. I would like the person who would adopts my cats to also keep an eye on my mom's husband so in case something does happen to him my dog will go to that trusted person who will take my cats as well.

I'd like someone to adopt them who will guarantee me that they'll won't be given away to a shelter or separated. By someone who'd also be willing to adopt my dog later on down the lines as well. I'd prefer a young family who is established who can ensure my cats will remain indoors. While if my moms husband wouldn't be able to take care of my dog or if he dies that person(s) will immediately get my dog no matter what so she won't wind up in some shelter and fucked up like when I first received her. It took her such a long time to get out of that disposition.

I promise I am seeking help for my suicidal thoughts and tendencies. I am going to counseling and therapy, potentially getting myself institutionalized, Health Suicide Hotline on speed-dial, communicating to others of my tendencies, and taking many other platforms and help to improve myself but I don't go down that dark path. I'm just afraid that I might reach a breaking point to where I won't be able to either take care of them or completely end myself and I wouldn't want them to wind up separated from one another. They are all bonded together. Granted the cats are disclosed to the dog butt they are still pretty close. I just don't want them to have to deal with the f*****-up trauma of going through of going through the pain getting rehomed. I also don't want to have to worry about them whining up in an abusive situation and so forth.

They're just like humans. Still go through traumas and psychological difficulties if they were to be giving up so easily. I've already tried rehoming my cats and the results weren't good. I had them rehomed temporarily in a place where they could be held for 30 days while I got my s*** together and it was just bad. They were just put in a cage and though they were interacted with it just wasn't the same like a loving home environment with people who would interact with them. They didn't eat, they made out a lot, their nerves were so shocked that they had bad diarrhea, and even when they were put together in the same cage and cuddled what's the weather in love to comfort them. And that was just overall in a matter of the week. It really f*** them up. I wasn't giving them away either. I was just putting my cat somewhere I believe that if they could taking care of well I got myself together they'd be fine but they were it. It really messed them up. Since they've been home all day done is sleep but they're going to the bathroom just fine and they're eating. They're starting to get into their playful moods again. When I went to go retrieve them to from that pet sitting place they both left onto me and held onto me so hard with their claws digging into my skin.

As for my dog I know I couldn't do it because she would have it worse. She'd be cowering in a corner shaking not even eating or drinking not even wanting to get touched or anyting. She would likely die within a matter of days.

All these animals are very sweet I promise. They just wouldn't be able to be separated from each other or put in a cage like that. They would need a stable loving home that is quiet with people who would love them and consider their psychological issues just as equally as important as a human's.



Please, anybody out there who'd be willing to talk to me about these arrangements I'd appreciate it. All I want is to ensure that if something were to happen to me my animals will be safe and secure. I'm working on getting help but I would just like to create a backup plan just in case something happens my children will be secured since nobody is willing to take their lives seriously other than myself.