Lost my boyfriend to heroin and suicide. (Sorry about the lack of paragraph breaks)My boyfriend and I were together for over two years and had been planning our marriage practically from the day we met. He was my world and I was his. We did everything together and that included doing coke at times or popping/sniffing percs here and there when we would party. I had a bit of a perc problem in the past but looking back now I didn't understand exactly what it was or what a gateway drug it could be... My boyfriend and I ended up splitting up in the middle of our relationship and it was the hardest thing either of us had to endure. He told me later when we got back together that he had starting taking a lot of pills in order to get over the pain of losing me... I thought I understood and that he was telling me the whole truth when he said he needed to go through withdrawal at my house.. I thought it was okay and just from the pills he said he had been taking. We went to Baltimore many times to pick up suboxins for him or he would get things I couldn't really see or I guess didn't want to see because I was so scared of the areas we were in...anyways our relationship went out of control from there. He would take my car for long periods of time and he would bring it back with a dent here or there or he would tell me that someone hit my car and we had to call the insurance company so many times. I'd say he crashed my car at least five times. Then things would come up missing. He pawned two of our TVs, my new laptop my mother bought me, his brothers Xbox and his dads coin collection, my rent money and stole my bank card... After all this I had to leave him..I just couldn't live in that hell anymore but at this time I did not know that he was using the money to buy heroin..(I'm naive and I've never really been around that type of thing so I didnt understand the signs). He ends up robbing a bunch of targets and gets in a high speed chase with the police and goes to jail. Long story short I thought I could save him from himself and wanted our old life back desperately. i got in touch with him when he was locked up and everything just seemed right. He finally came clean about his heroin addiction and told me everything. He was finally clean and going to drug classes and working out. .he just looked so beautiful when I would go to see him that I knew I had to give him another chance. When he came home I let him move in with me. Everything was great at first. He got two jobs and was working every morning. I was finally so happy. One day he was supposed to go to his last court date and was in the shower forever. I grew suspicious so I went in to talk to him and the look in his eyes told me he was on something. of course he denied it. I knew that if I could see it any judge could too. they ended up taking him to get a drug test because of his appearance and it was inconclusive so they held him in jail for a few days and eventually his urine was clean so they let him come home and thus started the downward spiral. He quit one job and started working long hours and a place I had never been to. One night he came home abs asked me to come with him and keep him company because it was going to be an overnight job. He ended up changing his mind and told me it would be best if I just stayed home so I did. I ended up looking for one of my credit cards and one was missing. I called him and asked about it and he denied seeing it. I thought i had just dropped it so I reported it missing and they said that someone had used it already. After that  my boyfriend calls me telling me that he ran out of gas and I need to send him some money. I dont trust the situation so i lie and say I only have a couple bucks and i send that to him. I learned tgat he also had his mother send him money. The next day i awoke to him barging into our room and screaming at me about not answering the phone or the door. He had that same crazy look fron before. i kept asking what are you on? And he just kept yelling and denying it. At this point I'm enraged because i know he's been using. He even wrecked his car on the way home snd made up some crazy story about how someone ran him off the road. I told him to call the cops and his insurance but he told me that he was too tired to do it and that it was my responsibility. I'm so upset because i know he is lying straight to my face. I ask to see the money he made from the overnight job and he tells me he's not done yet so he didnt get paid. At this point I'm so I irritated that I need to see where our money is going. I grab his phone to look at his bank statements and he loses it. He kicks me off the bed and starts beating me and calling me names. He takes my phone from me and starts throwing our things at me and trashing our apartment. I tried to get out but he blocked the door with our couch. I was screaming for help but none came.  This person I had never seen before. This was not the man I loved so very much. I don't  who this  person was. He beat me for six hours before I could convince him to let me call my mom. when she didn't answer I knew I had to call the police or I may not make it out alive. he ends up running and the police come. while I'm filing a complaint he ends up coming back they end up arresting him and it was the hardest thing I had to watch. I felt like he was being taken away because of me. a part of me died that day. but I knew we had to be over. he calls me the next day and asked me to let him come home. I told him he didn't have a home here anymore. he started to cry and tell me that he loved me and I started to cry too. I asked him if had been using and he had admitted that he had been using heroin for the past week. I was screaming and crying and asking if I wasn't good enough or there was something wrong with our relationship. he said no he just didn't think it would go that far. at this time they had him in the hospital area so he could detox and go through withdrawal. I told him we were over and she said if we were done he would kill himself. he started to cry and asked me if I would come to his funeral.I got so angry. I said no an hung up the phone. He hung himself the next day. Drugs and his demons took the love of my life but i can't stop holding onto the guilt I feel. I thought i could save him but I couldn't. Now I am alone in our apartment and can't seem to get rid of alot of his things and can't seem to figure out how to get on with my life. I am lost and secluding myself. Sometimes I really just want to say fuck it and go be with him wherever that is. Hopefully I will find myself again