I think I’m readyIs it possible for life to be over at 23? 

I haven’t celebrated my own birthday since I was about 11, because it seems wrong to me to celebrate another year I shouldn’t be living, if that makes sense? 

I just feel like I am constantly drowning. From finance stress, to relationships and self image I really cannot win and I’m exhausted of losing at my own life. 

I have a job with the military and and I’m lucky to have it but it meant I had to move away from my entire family and everything I knew.

I am surrounded by so much debt that even with a steady pay check sometimes I can’t even feed myself. My mother opened up a few credit cards in my name when I was a child, and that has basically screwed me over since I was about 18. Recently got a letter from my power company saying that if they don’t receive $500 that I’m getting disconnected. I’m so fucking useless that I’ve been trying to pay off everything and not eating and sleeping because of it and I’m STILL not able to catch up.

I had a boyfriend that I met after basic training, he turned out to be a wolf in sheeps clothing and ended up putting me in the hospital. He got an assault charge, but he’s still in the military and I get to have panic attacks when I see him on the base they refuse to transfer me from.

I’m ashamed, I can’t talk to my family about it because they either don’t care or overreact, can’t talk to my coworkers about it because it’s humiliating. I tried a couple times recently to go to Mental Health on base, and all they did was schedule for a tentative appointment with a trauma specialist for July. 

I don’t think the world will necessarily benefit from me not being in it, I literally don’t think it will make a difference. 

I have friends, I go to the gym, I am a functioning person at work... I come  watch gore videos in the hopes that I can desensitize myself to blood enough to be fine and not chicken out when I’m ready to go. 


I’m just writing this so to get it off my chest before I take the plunge. At least I know my creditors will mourn me. 
