Sick of going on with life but not sure I want to die..I had a long story of what I was going to write here but if you want more detailed explanation just ask. 
I'm male, 23 years old, single for about 5/6, tired of being alone, still a virgin, bullied for most of my life and the depression started from there. Anxiety followed that. 
This last 2 years of my life have been absolutely terrible. Just going to give a quick outline of what happened. Just over 2 years ago my house was raided by cops and I was in complete shock as to what happened. Was later arrested and have been in and out of courts for just over 1 and a half years. The same shit every time I went there was we are still gathering evidence and need more time. This happened every 2-4 weeks which is stressful as hell as you don't know what's going to happen on each day. 
Ever since the cops raided my house I haven't been able to sleep too well and nearly every time a car pulled up outside the house I thought I was going to get raided again. Even if I knew someone was coming I would still my heart racing and start shaking. I've been to the doctors and got some antidepressants that don't seem to be worth the effort. Dont feel any different to be honest. 
I was sick and tired of being this sad pathetic loser that nobody talked to so I made a fake profile and it was great to be able to talk to people again, just friendly random conversations, no nudes involved at all. There was one night I was on call to a girl and she could sense that I was really down and I told her that I was having a really bad day and that I just wanted to cut myself. She talked me down and started to talk to me anout things, i was unaware that she went through depression herself,  as it wasn't something that came up at all. I have since been caught out but she told me that she doesn't care that I lied about the guy in the photos, she liked my personality which was 100% me the whole time. Still talking with another I told the truth too, didn't really talk to many apart from 2 people that made me happy.I understand that being a catfish is such a sleazy and pathetic thing to do but when I was just sitting at home wishing for that burst of happiness somewhere it seemed like a good idea.
The court case has caused some issues within the family and friends, only have 1 maybe 2 friends that I know face to face. They have stuck by me and said they will be there. Some of the family hates me and wishes me dead. Sometimes I just want to make that wish come true for them.
I rang a helping the other day and all I could do was cry, tried explaining everything but all I could do was cry. I miss human contact, not looking at people, a simple hug or arm over the shoulder as I done when I was out a few years ago. 
I just don't know what to do anymore and I'm sorry if this didn't make much sense, just so hard to write down what's pushing me into the ground so much and when i cant stop crying.I'm not sure that I want to die but I am just sick of living my life like this and confused on where to go from here