Life is a vicious circleYou know, there was this one moment, where I started to realize, how shitty my life was the last few months. As usual, love is part of this. There was this one girl, I loved her from November '16 until last month. I thought so, but I think the last 3 months have been "wanna-be love", because I don't have a person I can talk to everytime and about everything. I started chatting with another girl. It was different from the beginning. Girl A always tried to reject me as quick as possible while exploiting me in a few ways. Everytime I texted her, I got very short answers, if I got an answer at all. But now it was different. She always answered me no matter how long it would take, she was more friendly, it was like perfect. I felt like there was somebody caring about me. But there was a problem. Our current class will be split up next school year because we get into 11th grade (germany). And the moment I realized, that I probably will not see her often, showed me, how much I love her. And thats where it starts again. I love her, but she doesn't love me for sure. And thats where I start questioning again, why I am here. If this would be the only problem, I probably could handle it. But it isnt. I was on a class trip, and the day went back home, I was pretty happy to be at home again. But I expected too much. The first thing which happened when I got back home, was my mother complaining about me. Thats when I started crying. And I don't cry a lot, but I needed to cry. Because I felt like nobody cares about me, I'm just there to be exploited. I take my time for others, just to get really nothing back or just complains. And that hurt me. I started thinking about suicide already days before. And I know, I couldn't do it anyways, but I felt like it would be better to just end it here and now. But I can't just cut myself, neither to just distract myself nor to kill myself. And this would probably be the only possibility right now. And I don't want to leave her. I imagine so many life situations that would be so nice with her, but she already rejected me. I think she knows that I love her, but when I asked her whether she wants to do sth with me, she just answered maybe. MAYBE. FUCKING SAY NO. But I can't leave her anyways, I don't want her to feel like she would be responsible for my death. And thats the vicious circle I was talking about. Everything I do, would end up in another negative thing. I know that love can't and should'nt be forced, but she is the only thing that keeps me from finding a way to stop it here and now the least painful way. If you ever read this, Louisa, when I'm dead, I loved you.