Am I alone in feeling this way?Hi all. I joined reddit only to come here and reach out. I feel pretty lonely and I really just want to know if there are other people that have a similar experience. I am not actively suicidal or in danger to myself, but I've been struggling a lot. 

I'm a teenager, and it's been six weeks since I got discharged from a residential treatment program, and I've been having a really hard time. I've never had a "real" suicide attempt, but I've been depressed and anxious for a long time, and I've lived with suicidal ideation since I was 10. My family has been abusive in the past. I didn't realize this was the case until very late into my treatment at residential which has been very difficult because I came home with a lot of unresolved issues. 

I've been in every level of care, and because I was steadily declining, I was put into a residential treatment facility. I also needed 24 hour care due to how nonfunctional I was. When I got there I realized that most of my peers in the facility had attempted suicide. I have had suicidal actions, such as writing letters/notes, collecting pills, figuring out ways to end my life, starting to attempt, etc. Ever since I got into treatment, my resolve to actually attempt has gotten stronger and stronger. I'm very afraid that my pain isn't valid unless I've tried to kill myself. That narrative has been cycling through my mind for a few years, and now I wake up in the middle of the night thinking about it. 

There have been many, many times when I've been actively suicidal, or at least gotten to being "truly suicidal", meaning I really, really wanted to die. As in, that's all I wanted out of life. When I was residential I really wanted to kill myself and I tried 3 times, but none of them worked because I didn't have what I actually wanted to use, which was really frustrating at the time.

 The other odd thing I've realized is that I wasn't attempting outside of treatment because I lived by staying in bed all day, sleeping all day, or watching youtube all day. That meant I didn't have to actually think about why I was in pain, so I stayed in limbo of numbing the pain and constantly getting caught in it. I guess it was my only way of keeping my suffering at bay. But then when I actually had to think about the pain or why I was in pain, the suicidal thoughts became rampant. It also doesn't help that when I'm not suicidal or when I'm having a good day, that "I'm not sick enough" narrative is there. So when I'm actually actively suicidal where I want to die, that narrative adds even more resolve as to why I "need" to kill myself. 

But I'm afraid of being seen as wanting attention. That's the exact opposite of what I want. It's really hard to attempt at home because 1) I don't want my family to know 2) I don't want people to find out and worry 3) I don't want to get hospitalized again 4) I don't want to talk about with anyone, or talk about the emotions behind it. 

It's weird, because when I'm not actually suicidal, I'm thinking all the time about wanting to attempt suicide to prove I'm in pain, or that my pain is valid. But when I'm actually suicidal where I want to die to end the pain, then the "you need to prove it" just feels like an added reinforcer, even if that's not the primary reason I want to die. But then again, isn't it kind of fucked up that my baseline is "I need to prove I'm in pain by risking my life and/or dying"?

I don't know, maybe I'm looking for reassurance, maybe I'm looking for someone to relate. It's odd. I feel like I can't talk to anyone about this, and I haven't, so I'm still trying. I'm still reaching out. But it's just so hard.

I think I'm just sad and alone and exhausted.