Im 19 and my life has already slipped through my fingersThis post is long, and I might be actually crazy, so consider yourself warned. This is everything from the past year that has made me feel like I can no longer go on:

1. I flunk out of my first semester of college with a 0.0. Instead of going on academic probation and allowing the possibility of making up those 0s, I transfer to my local community college. 

2. I go long distance with the guy Im dating (who I met in that first semester). After months of going to him every few weeks and telling him Im feeling neglected and that hes not pulling his weight in the relationship, I do the unthinkable. I've never cheated before in my life. Never had the urge to cheat. I know you probably all think Im a pos, and you're right. I know what I did was horrific and fucked up, and looking back I can see what a fucking moron I was. I cry almost every day over losing him. He wanted to stay friends after we broke up, and we were for a while, but recently we barely talk and I can finally feel that I've lost him for good. We had discussed getting back together in the future, and even though he initially flat out refused, he was drunk one night and told me how much he'd love to get back together, if only I hadn't cheated. After some back and forth he told me it was a possibility in the future, but I have a feeling he was just drunk and lonely. I held on to those words for months, and now I realize how foolish it was. Of course he doesn't want anything to do with me. He ended up taking this semester off and I blame myself. I did him so wrong when all I ever wanted was to be by his side.

3. When I transferred to community college from my private 4-year university, my financial aid did not. My parents are dirt poor, and I dont have a car and thus also dont have a job. Because the community college is a state school, they require additional income verification from me and my parents in order to approve my aid package. I mention this to my parents almost weekly for 4 months. They finally fill out the request form to obtain the documents I needed 2 weeks before the final cutoff to hand them in. The process takes up to 10 days, and between that and shipping times, the documents finally come in 2 days before the cutoff. 
   And my father had filled out the form incorrectly.
   I was unable to receive aid, and am now on the hook for $2,600. Again, no money from my parents, no job, no way to pay this back. I had to take the semester off because I couldnt enroll with an outstanding balance. The bill goes to collections Oct 16, but I can't get approved for a loan because Im 19 and have 0 income. Some guy I met offered to pay the bill and I really thought I had found an out and was outstandingly hopeful, but it turned out he was just a scummy pos who wanted to take advantage of my vulnerable state. Needless to say I blocked him and he is no longer in my life. 




So here I am, alone, trapped in my house with nowhere to go, no way to pay the money I owe, and no way to go back to school. I wanted to major in art. Im a painter. I've always loved art, and losing the opportunity to go to school is devastating. I have no motivation, no life plan, and no way to get out of this situation. And the worst part is, I understand that in the scheme of things, $2,600 is not a lot of money. My parents brag about how when I was a kid they spent more on weed than they did on rent, so ~$1k/month. They never put even a cent away for me to go to college, move out, etc. 

My situation is driving me crazy. Because I dont have a car, I can't leave the house to go anywhere (I live in very rural town, so really ~10 miles from town). Im going stir crazy, I see and hear people that arent there, and sometimes Ill just start arguing and screaming at someone who I know isnt there (ie turning and screaming at my mothers chair about how much i resent her when i know shes at work). I only do this when they're not home and I think Im really, REALLY sick. Im at the least borderline psychotic, but its fairly likely I have some form of bipolar, as I go through cyclic periods of deep depression and these psychotic scream at nothing moments where I feel very disconnected and detached from reality.   

I know all my problems I've caused myself. I've put myself in this position because Im terrible at prioritizing, staying motivated, and staying sober. It doesn't change the fact that Im looking into buying a gun. I can't do this anymore. If I can't get back to school, I dont have anything left to live for.