Please help me. I am sad over not being able to be romantically sucessful with girls AT ALL. I want to die, and am going to kill myself in the near future if nothing changesI dont get it. I shower, i groom myself, i wear good clothes (not streetwear, but something like that, along with more classy stuff, no fedora or black trenchcoats thoug), i try to be social, talk to people and be a nice, empathetic and loyal friend. I am short though and I have a light voice. girls never see me as more than a friend. I dont want to be the one to ask girls out after being hurt in the past and it sucks to not have ONE GIRL love you or be interested in you. idc about sex, i just want some love and intimacy. i have aspergers and try to function in day to day life but its difficult. it hurts and i dont want to try anymore. what am i doing wrong? i see people that are cruel, manipulative or solely use their looks to get by have gfs (but im being told to be confident, even though confidence is more easily ascribed to attractive people, according to many studies; i try but its not helping me), but i cant. am i really THAT ugly? am I really THAT reprehensible? i dont get it. i think im a good person. i do good in school and have good friends and family despite everything wearing on me and making me very tired. 

Please i need help. Im already in therapy and on antidepressants but its not helping enough with dulling the pain. if i cant feel romantic validation by some time next year, im going to overdose on sleeping pills, stab myself to death, hang myself or jump out of a window. 

I just want to be normal and feel wanted by girls. i just want love and a partner i could treat right and have fun with, cuddle with, take on dates, walks, trips around the world, do my hobbies with. i love to love people and give out love but i dont find many people who want to recieve that love. 

If there is a god i hope he gives me eternal sleep when i finally end my life. im tired. i cant do this anymore. please help me.