Trying to distract myself from horrible thoughtsI'm so angry right now. Pretty sure I just lost my best and only friend over the most stupid argument. I'm so tired of being treated like shit by everyone. I fucked up, I know it, why does everyone have to remind me? Why do I have to be walked all over just because I have anxiety? Please try living in your bedroom for 4 years, don't talk to anyone, don't go to any events, don't go to movies, just fucking sit in your room and contemplate how many things you fucked up. NAH ITS JUST BEING LAZY RIGHT? I JUST DON'T WANT TO WORK RIGHT? I GUESS THAT'S WHY I WENT IN FOR THAT JOB INTERVIEW AND HAD A PANIC ATTACK. 

I knew my best friend didn't get this side of me, but now shes allowed to be angry about it? After six years of trying to make her realize, and her being okay with it now it's a huge problem that I don't initiate contact. I get it, It must suck to be the one who always has to talk. But guess what, when I try talk you just blow me off saying you are busy or more recently, telling me to fuck off. It's hard enough being a guy with these kind of issues, and then on top of it I get fucking crucified for it as well. Yeah your advice of "Man up" was really fucking helpful, thanks for sharing you fucking useless shit. I'm glad I spent night after night listening to you cry over your family just for you to fucking abandon me as soon as everything returns to normal. Thats how it works right? Once you're problems are over, it's all sorted.

Oh and thanks for letting this happen right before I go to uni. I might have been housebound for the last few years, and this might be my last real chance to make something work, but that shit isn't important right? All that's important is that everyone else keeps their shit together, because helping me slightly would be ever so troublesome.

Sorry for long wall of text. I just need to get this out there. I'm trying to distract myself, I have my music blasting my game going and just not letting myself sit and think because I fucking know that I'll end up doing something stupid if I keep up this train of thought. Why can't I have issues as well? Just because other people have problems doesn't make mine just disappear. I sympathize that everyone has problems but if I lend you a fucking hand the least you could do is lend an ear when I need you.

