It Isn't FairIt isn't fair.

I had to get a phone call while walking our dog that you were gone. I had to hold your mom and have her wail at me how much you loved me and wanted to have babies with me. I had to walk into the bathroom where you killed yourself and whisper "If you're still here babe, go." I had to pick out the clothes your body would wear at your funeral. I had to plan your funeral, who the fuck does that at 27 years old? I had to look at every single person who showed up to grieve and wonder if they blamed me or where the hell were they when you needed help. I had to pick apart all of your belongings and decided what to do with them. I had to struggle to let go of the smallest of your belongings because once I let the go they were gone forever, like you. I had to make all kinds of decisions that seemed so important yet I was completely unprepared for. I had to go pick up your death certificate. I carry around a funeral directors card in my purse. I had to do all kinds of things that nobody should ever have to do.

It's not fair.
I still have to pick out an urn for your ashes. I still have to battle my mind every day. The guilt and loneliness is excruciating. I wake up every day and the fact that you're not here is the first thought on my mind. I think about you constantly. My life is gone. I will never be the same. I had a moment during one of my bad days where the thought of ending my life seemed completely acceptable and logical because I don't want to feel this anymore and I miss you so much. It is so bad that I actually considered killing myself, something that I have never thought about in my life. My mind was lying to me. I would do anything if it meant it would bring you back, but I can't end my life. I wish you knew what this would do, and what you lost. I lost everything but mostly the chance to see what would happen between us. You took it away. Part of me died with you and my previously sound and logical mind is mutilated. It's destroyed beyond all repair, it's full of so many questions and things that make me feel bad about myself. Now I must do what you did not, get help.

You always hear 'Life's not fair' yeah well neither is death. Death is not fair. It's been one month. The worst month of my life.



