Not Brave elEnough to Live or Die       It's a odd feeling wanting to die but at the same time not brave enough to off yourself. My story is nothing different from others just a person with no future, money, or life who was screwed over by people and hospitals in the United States who made sure I could never work again or stand on my own two feet, literally and figuratively. 

      It's odd I was in a hospital for months hearing excuses from Doctors who didn't operate on my spine because they were to afraid of being sued and then said they could not give me medicine for pain because new regulations say only cancer patients get opioid pain medicine, but someone like me with a broken back and impacted spinal cord should suffer for their money and vanity. Long story short after 6 months of suffering the one family member who cares anything about me rushed me to another state were they immediately drugged me and operated on me to fix my spinal cord but because the doctors from my state kept me so long and without treatment i lost one of my legs and part of another one along with a fragile spine now that is barely held together. So now I'm trapped, I cant sit very long, I can't walk really, I cant work so I lay down in pain from my nerve endings still burning and watch this disgusting world. I once had a nice career a house money and love. Now i live on $829 a month from the government and all that goes to medicine, insurance, and my only possession, my car. 

    I'm forced to live with my elderly parents with a hateful mother and a wonderful father and I see my mother destroy my father everyday but he is to kind to through the bitch away. I also have one friend who cares about me and a brother who cares but lives far away. I am a burden to all of them I don't want to be a parasite like my mother and I want to escape but I see no path forward. I suppose I will sit in pain and rot until this body finally gives out, as I don't have it in me to die but I don't have it in me to exist. My only release is this writing and it is my only biography I will write.