I wish I was a good girlI dont even know what to do anymore. I tried messaging a 'friend' if they wanted to play a game with me and they just signed out when I sent the message. Anything is going to push me over the edge at the moment. I want to kill myself so bad. But then the funeral costs would be such a burden on my family. Every single day Im so cautious to try and be less annoying, quiet and good. I want to be a good girl but I cant. I'm meant to be quiet and small and pretty but Im not. I talk too much. I'm too tall. I'vegot big thighs. I can never be what I want to be. And I just feel like a burden. I always bump into things and bring attention to myself when I just want to hide away. Im sure that Im a mistake. Whenever I try and talk about it to my 'irmaozao' he just sighs and tells me to calm down. He used to care but now Im just annoying him and stressing him out. And hes an old man now so Im just making his life harder. Theres got to be something wrong with me right? I have a good life, food, a house, and a loving brother, but I just feel so out of place. Im not good like everyone else. Everyone else stands out but I just continue to be a stain on the image of everything perfect. In December last year, I used to have friends I thought. And then I made a joke about RS not respecting me and then he and MM got so mad and livid, I thought they understood I was joking. I tried explaining but they got madder. Then V joined in. 'Doesnt she know shes just annoying, when will she go away' Talking about me like Im not there. That hurts the most. When Im right in front of you, and you pretend to ignore me, I really wish I wasnt there so I couldnt hear the terrible things you say. MM toldme that Im just annoying, pitiful, attention seeking. Then my best friend, Data, wo i treid appologising to, could not accommodate me and then I lost all my friends. 2 more, Chung and Alex, tried t talk to me after but now they just dont een talk to me for more than a month when I message them. but I know this isnt life dealing me a 'hard hand'. Its because Im selfish. I ekep worrying whats wrong with me, when I ask whats wrong with me, they just made fun of my IQ. It feels like everything is wrong with me. I keep rambling and even thinking of someone reading this is probably going to make them think Im an idiot! Whenever I ask people what they like about me, they just hesitate and say, 'you're really nice to everyone'. That's all, Im nice. You could say that about anyone. Thats what I keep thinking about, people cant even think of what they like of me if they even like me at all. I pull out my hair because of the stress of trying to be a good girl. I cant even talk about it to my big brother because I cant stress him out either. And then he doesnt see how much it affects me. Why is it whenever I try and talk to people they sign out or IRL they slowly trail off and then walk away? Because Im so boring of course. Im so boring its annoying. It feels like everyone stares at me and is laughing at me. I dont even know why Im alive anymore. Its just a fantasy that someone will really love me. Even my brother doesnt really, hes an old man so of course he is going to find other people to care about. I think how pathetic I am to be rambling like this. Every day I just think how easy it would be to die . I hope I stop feeling something, but maybe I deserve this pain. I want to ask 'why', but that will just annoy everyone some more.. Just yesterday that 'friend' I messaged said we were definitely friends. And now he is avoiding me like the plague. Im sorry I cant tellthe obvious signs that you dont like me. I want to fall off the edge now and just end it so Idont feel this anymore. I cant stop pulling all these damn hairs out! i wish before I die someone would hug me. My first hug,not the awkward side hugs my family gives me. Want to kill myself already. Maybe the only good girl I can be is a dead one