Don't you hate new years?Soon as I started hearing fireworks and I looked outside my window to see them, there was only one thought that came to mind. "new years really puts a perspective on how much time has past and what little I did".   

I have to start looking for an apprenticeship as I am not going uni, but i can't. I just can't I dont know what the fuck I can be, Im literally going with what subjects I chose which I dont even know if i can enjoy with my social anxiety. Im looknig at all these apprenticeship wondering "what will happen then? will I be happy"   

I came into work today, and for some reason, I just couldn't stop thinking about my future. I mainly kept wondering if I was to grow old alone, I dont mind if that was my future, but I think the whole time I would be wondering I would kill myself. If I had a partner, maybe I can be happy for her. Maybe I can make my life meaningful, make it a reason to live.   
but who would want me? I play a lot of games and sometimes record myself, and when I heard myself, I just feel like crawling into a hole and never getting out. why do i sound so weak?  so fucking pathetic?    
Why cant I be a inspiration, why am i me.    

As I kept wondering about this a made a mistake in work which led to everyone looking at me. I know they said stuff behind me, but i dont care, I deserve it.    

I asked this nice girl if she would give me a lift home which she agreed. This only led to me being the last to walk out of the store with everyone gone, including my ride. Guess she was joking, or just didnt want to give me a ride.    

So I walked with songs on my earphones in. I just wanted to run, be stabbed anything. I felt so depressed I wanted to cry, why am i me, why cant i be something instead of nothing?    
Its because I was raised that way, raised to be pathetic and stupid, like everyone has ever said to me since my birth.    

At one point a man was actually walking towards me in a shady way, I had my earphones in I quickly looked up to notice, which he immediately walked in a different direction and passed me.    

I just thought then "why, Im fucking self loathing here wanting to die, and im so godamn selfish to want to live, what the fuck do I want"   

I dont want to die, I want to start a new life, I want to be free of burden, and be a new me. I want a plan for my future, I want to know what I want for my future, I want to love someone, I want to feel that warmth of knowing that someone really cares for who you are. I want to have kids, I want to see there happy face as I grow up with them and play with them as long as I can. I want to let go of this burden of being me and buy a new me. I want to live a happy life, I want a reason to live. and not a reason like "It will get better" but "Im living for this/them"   

But I can't. I'm me, im damaged, and I just want to be thrown away, I'v tried. Iv tried so much to change, but I cant change. Im me, broken, worthless, no future for happiness, and deserves to die for it.