I really need some help. Posted this in r/depression with no responseI just moved into my dorm for college. I've also recently started taking accutane which I feel like it has a big influence on what's going on. But anyway, let me just give you a run down of what has lead up to this. When I was 12, my father passed away unexpectedly. It really really hit me hard. But a few months down the road and it felt like I was through the worst of it. Fast forward about a year, in 8th grade. I got caught with pot at my school, so my best friend since 2nd grade was no longer allowed around me. I felt so alone. So goddamn alone. I moved houses from the home I grew up in, because my mother and dead dad's parents couldn't get along. Due to the new environment, I couldn't ever fucking sleep like ever. I was up every night freaking out. You know that feeling you get when you're about to get into a fight or go talk to a pretty girl. That was what I felt for months. But, eventually, I fought my way through it, and ended up with mild depression instead of severe anxiety. The depression got a little worse and I distanced myself from my family. I decided I should go find a girl to be with, maybe that'll make me happy. So I go around I get my heart broken a couple times but then I started dating this girl a few years ago, fuck she was way out of my league and just one of the nicest people I've ever known. She really really made me happy. For a good while. Then it got pretty rough. I couldn't talk to other girls, even in school. I couldn't think about anyone,I couldn't do anything. It was unhealthy. So I wanted to end it sort of,but goddamn I loved this girl. I was stuck in a limbo of wanting to leave and wanting to fix things. That is when the depression got way worse. I would cut myself and cry a lot and freak out over nothing. And I'm not saying she was a bad person. It's just the circumstances we were in. If anything, I was the bad guy. I'd do the same shit she did, get mad over things that didn't matter, let my insecurities get the best of me. That's not the point. I just want whoever reads this to understand that the relationship was extremely toxic. Eventually in March we broke up. We were at a zaxbys and I mentioned a girl she didn't like and she started throwing food at me. So I left the building and left her. But we had broken up 100 times so I didn't think this would be much different. I started talking to this girl that ended up playing me, but my ex found out that I talked to her and asked her to prom. And then she went and fucked one of my friends, a girl mind you, and had this thing with her all to spite me. Needless to say I was devastated. Absolutely crushed. But I kept trudging along. I start dating this new girl around graduation time. My ex finds out about her and tries to come crawling back. I say no. Then she breaks up with her fuck buddy, she was fucking her just to spite me, and gets a new boyfriend. I think nothing of it. No big deal right. But I had this pain that I wanted to get rid of and I thought I could do it by doing exactly what she did to me. So I fucked her best friend. It's been about a month now and she (my ex) won't even speak to me, won't return any of my messages and honestly I deserve it. But we're both going to the same college and I've seen her a couple times and man I'm still so in love with her. I just wanna give it another shot because I've grown so much and realized I wasn't appreciating what I had. I was taking her for granted even if she was doing wrong too. I should've talked to her more about why all those things bothered her and I should've listened. I understand now what I should've done and what I could've done but I was too weak. And now I think I've lost her for good. So there's two things I'm asking for right now. How do I not jump off the balcony I'm on or how do I get her back. Because there's no fucking way I'm ever gonna feel the way I felt about her with someone else. So if I can't be with her then what's the point? Really? I love her. I still love her and I just want a second chance. I don't know how to talk to her idk what to do all I know is that I want her. And yeah, this is a cry for help. I've never felt more alone. 

TL;DR I'm really considering suicide because I miss my ex. Please help.