133 DaysThere are 133 days between the eclipse and the new year. I haven't fully committed, but if I can't find hope by then I want it to be over. There are reasons I picked those dates: the eclipse was a memorable and surreal event that I very much enjoyed with my father, also the day I happened to come to terms with the fact that I will probably end my own life. And the new year because I should have died on New Year's Day in 2001. I lived, and since then my life has been hell, but more importantly everyone around me has suffered because of my existence. 

I'm going to give as much of my stuff away as I can, sell what is left to sell, and donate anything left. Hopefully I can find a way to downsize and live more simple, I think that will help, but I'm not sure. Also going to tie up any loose ends that I can with debts so it hopefully won't fall on anyone else. The whole point of me doing this is to make it easier on everyone, I don't want to leave anything behind.

I'm not totally giving up yet, I'm going to try at least a little bit to better my life. But this is my ultimatum, this is my last chance I'm giving myself. I'm talented, beautiful, and kind. I really think I could make a difference in my life if I get a break or if anyone decides to love me. There is something about me that eats away at the people around me though, something is very wrong with me and I don't know how to fix it.

(I wrote here how I was going to do it, or at least what options I think I have, but decided against it because I think sharing specifics could hurt other people reading. The summary of it is that I want to go very painfully (to hopefully keep me from actually doing it in the end), but I also want to make it like I disappeared or fled the country so no one would think I'm dead.)

If it's okay with the mods I'd like to update when I can, I'll keep it to this thread so as not to spam. But writing helps me not go over the edge, I really want to make it to the new year, I really want to try. I also want to write down my experiences, maybe if I come out on top it can help someone else struggling. If I don't maybe it can be a warning or help people in the future or used for research or... idk. Maybe it'll all be ignored, which is okay too. I just want to have a place to share what is going on and real people to get feedback from, I'm really trying to find any way to not do it. If it's not acceptable that's okay too, I'll find somewhere else to write or something. 120 days left. Thank you for reading.