Help Me, I Don't Know What to Do Anymore...To start off, I've never used this website or anything like this before, but I've heard it does offer discussions about suicide and depression and situations few of us are faced with on the daily...

My story; I'm 18, I was born with a mom and dad who were never together, an "accident" I was called by my mother. As a young child, I was beaten, touched, and verbally tormented by my mother. This was before she met my stepdad (who is a very good guy). When I was 6, we moved to a different town to live with him and eventually they got married; after 2 breakups and about maybe 4-5 different affairs she had behind his back. She made him look like the one who never wanted me home early on weekends, and could never go on vacations because I caused only HIM stress, never her. He is a very passive person, and my mother would egg me on about small shit, stuff that didn't even matter, and she would beg and plead him to "teach me a lesson". Growing up in a dysfunctional alcoholic household (cocaine, pills, weed, etc...) she put that before me. I've witnessed drug deals at a very young age, almost too young; then again, is there really "too young?" Often she would finally convince him to step in and hit me; one day it got to the point where I was pinned up to a wall, crying. I moved out a week later...

Mind you, my mother has always been a very self-centered person, and very homophobic at the same time. My uncle came out when I was 5 and she said nasty things that I can still remember to this day. She pretty much caused him to move out of the state. About maybe 2 months later (I can't remember exactly) he passed away. This has always been in the back of my mind ever since he passed away. I didn't know how to tell my mother that I was homosexual too, and that it is something your born with, not something that you go through. Anyways that's later on...

I'm not going to write out my whole story only because i could write a 300 page book on the reasons why I want to and need to commit and complete suicide. Anyways...

I had no friends in Elementary School, only one or two that left my life after 2 years anyways. In middle school, I was tormented for being overweight (not significantly, but enough to make me hate myself [reinforcement from my mother]). I made a few friends in middle school, only because in my early school years people avoided me because I couldn't contain myself in public due to canning everything in at my mother's house. I made a few friends after I started to realize what I was doing to myself, this friend was my greatest ever. We spent everyday in 6th grade together, three days in the summer we didn't hang out, but other than that, we were best friends. One that people often thought was gay himself (I'll give him a name; Tom) But this kid was my best friend and he was pretty much where I went when I was having a rough time at my mother's house. He made a few friends who hated me (2 of them became my new friends) and it drove me insane. Enough about this...

Okay, I moved out of my mom's house in November of 2010, and this is where the SEVERE depression started to settle. I have always had dormant thoughts about suicide and held a knife to my chest cavity when I was 8 in front of my mom, but didn't do it. She had always instilled guilt into my everyday life and thinking, but it was getting to the point where I would miss weeks of school, miss out on my social life, and put my dad's side in excruciating agony over me. They were confused and thought it was a phase. I had another best friend in middle school who became my new best when me and (Tom) didn't talk as much. I'll get to him later. I trusted a stupid dumb hoe, because honestly that is what she really is, with my sexuality and I lied to her about it. I told her I was bisexual, although she didn't believe me for the first couple weeks. I am not a likely candidate; I'm big into sports, I wrestle, for the longest time, I felt like my body was lying to me. But this friend, he definitely felt the same for me, because he was more "touchy-feely" than I ever was towards him (lets call him; Bob). This kid, was the one kid I legitimately ever had feelings for. I wanted to die by his side, I was head over heels in love with him. I seriously did, and when I confided in that dumb fucking cunt and told her, she told him. He didn't even believe that I was into guys in the first place and then found out that I crushed on him. He didn't even seem effected, untill my other dumb douchebag "friend" convinced him that I was a piece of shit (which I really fucking am) and then he turned (Bob) against me. This kid I loved, he got me a fucking job with him, he fucking took me into his arms whenever I had serious shit going on in my life. After this all happens, I attempted my first time...

I told the dumb bitch I took 25 Propanol (which apparently taking 10 can kill you...) and she told me to just sleep it off, I'll be fine. As she takes 5 Advil and claims to have attempted almost at the same time. But she puts it out there and says shit for attention, whereas I don't. Anyways, I'm out of school and rumors about my "bi-ness" are being spread. I come back, and I picked up cutting. (Bob) would make harsh comments about me being "bi" and me wearing long sleeves in April in 80 degree weather in front of my fucking class. I left school everyday before lunch before because I couldn't fucking deal with them. I haven't associated with those dipshits in over a year and they still get to me...

I attempted a second time, but this time I tried to starve myself and slit my wrists and ODing. It didn't work and when my parents found out I was starving myself on purpose, they would buy me Gatorade and I would dump it down the sink. I didn't eat or drink for 5 and a half days,    my body wouldn't accept the food. I was in a legitimate counseling room for 2 days because they wouldn't let me leave because I told them I was suicidal. I was admitted to a CBAT hospital for about a month and it was actually a positive experience (although my mom came in and told them she was going to kill herself and left me in despair for a week after she lied her way out of it). I was discharged and the ridicule became even worse. I didn't even finish my junior year, instead I spent most of it in and out of hospitals, 3 in total...

I got tutoring and passed, but this year, suicide has been more prevalent in my life. I've had a good friend of mine commit suicide after she was discharged (God rest her soul) and it made me realize a lot after going to the wake. I attempted once again in December, and the only person I told was my boyfriend (ex now, was at the time). He came from a messed-up household too, but he just had a problem with accepting that depression is a real thing and not a mind over matter. It never got physical between us (because honestly, I could whoop his ass =P) but it was definitly an emotional rollercoaster. My best freind, who has been a sister to me since sixth grade set me up with him because he has liked me since we were both freshmen. But he used me I feel, I'm straight-edge, which means I don't use drugs, at all. I have in the past (like weed three times and got shitted once) and the drugs remind me of how dysfunctional my mother is and like most of my mom's side. I had never seen $280 worth of weed in my life, but he flipped shit when I got nervous to drive it home, because I'm an adult, the driver, and in the situation, I'd be the one who's fucked, not him. So here's where I decided to say "fuck you, I'm out" to him. I told him I attempted the day I did in December and his response was "WOOOOOWWWWW, FUCK YOU" no response for the next day. I am prescribed Lithium and I took about 35-40. I lay in bed, feeling my heart start, then stop, then start, then stop. Laying there, cold, praying for God to just finally take me and accept me into his Divine Kingdom above. I hate this fucking world and it has brought me nothing but pain. I didn't break it off with him untill he cheated on me, he got defensive and mad at me for it. He cheated, and I felt at fault.

I established communication with my fucking mother again, I really don't know why, but the first time I talked to her, I told her I was gay. I did this hoping for her to leave my life forever, because she can't accept it, but tells me she's shocked, never would have guessed, and that she still wants her children. But I can't bring a guy over and "cuddle" or "kiss" in front of her. Every time we would talk, that's all she would talk about. I am not bringing fucking kids around her, if I'm even around to have kids by then. We get into a conversation yesterday about how I fucked her life up by leaving and making her moved to a different town because everything knows now what she fucking did to me. A kiss was more than a kiss, like a boyfriend/girlfriend kiss, when I was a little fucking kid. What possesses her to do this, but placing a "hickey" on my neck in eighth grade, the ridicule I got for that. Coming after school when I was a freshmen because I didn't take the bus home to stay after for a project. She smacked me across my face, and students told a teacher. I was gone before anything resulted from it. I cannot speak up to my mom and I'm really scared that she is going to attempt to kill herself as well, but no one else does because they think she is too conceited to do that. I met a new boyfriend not too long ago, and he's the only legitimate reason why I haven't discarded myself from this Earth yet. 

He is everything I have ever wanted in a boy, he's just absolutely adorable, sweet, charming, nice, polite, mindful, and he has experienced the EXACT same stuff I have. My mother caught me off-guard when I spoke to her saying "im going to hang out with (Fred)..." I told her that was my boyfriend, and she demanded she meet him. Problem is.... his Mom's and my Mom's family used to be friends... Drug-wise, that's the only reason. I never knew untill we ran into someone and he saw a baby picture of me. I would do anything for this kid, and although it has only been 2 and a half months, I know he's the one I want to get married to. 

Suicide is a terrible thing. I feel like I said too much in this blerb but I feel like I didn't get out enough. I'm diagnosed PTSD, ADD (More associating with the MDD) Major Depressive Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, (when I experienced sights and sounds unrealistic to this world) Psychosis, and probably a shit ton of other stuff like trust issues, belongingness problems... I feel disguisting, my self-worth has always been trashy. I feel like shit constantly, and it still gets to the point where I leave school unwillingly because of my problems. My house I lived at now is completely functional, but I'm always in a constant state of Depression, so that effects everyone else's perceptions of me. I worry everyone; friends, family, peers, professionals, school staff, teachers... My school knows about my past, and they know when I'm in a bad mood what happens. I have just pretty much given up on hope and there is a railroad station about 3-5 miles away from my house. I'm scared I will get in my car and do it. I can't accept myself for what I've done to everyone and what everyone has done to me. I've pretty much given up on hope, and I really don't see the purpose to holding on, I've held on for 18 and a half years now. Maybe it will pass, maybe it will not. I've mentioned going back to the hospital, but it has run my parents into so many bills (which they can afford luckily). I have a cruise in 3 weeks to go on, and honestly, it's to the point where I'd rather be dead now then go on a fucking cruise. What do I do? I'm really scared, and I'm honestly afraid to talk to anyone in my family about any of this. My mom is out of my life because she tells me yesterday she cannot accept me NOW for who I am, and that's the final fucking straw. She brought me into this world, and I took that away from her. The guilt just racks up and it is all that is on my mind right now, when I sleep, and when I wake up and go to school...