So depressed that I don't even know what to do anymoreI spend about 20% of my time crying in my room. I tried to quit pot for a while but I became so overwhelmingly depressed that I couldn't function at all anymore. I smoke way too many cigarettes and can't quit. I'm so traumatized that I literally can't go anywhere or do anything without getting insanely paranoid. Like to the point where I feel like I'm going to freak out. ALL THE TIME. EVEN WHEN I LOOK FUCKING FINE. I literally cannot see the point in living my piece of shit life any longer. I hate fucking working for my dad and he's told me multiple times that he doesn't want me to do that. But every time I try to do something, shit seems to get fucked up. Lots of girls like me but I'm too paranoid and crazy to talk to any of them and none of them will come talk to me. I really like this one girl but I have no idea what happened to her and no one will till me and it drives me fucking insane. About the only thing I can even stand anymore is drinking and smoking pot, and visiting prostitutes occasionally, which was extremely unpleasant last time. I basically hate everything about my piece of shit life. A lot of my friends humiliate me and I just want them to know that I forgive them and I'm not going to do anything if they'll just stop messing with me. And they won't even tell me what's going on, which is fine as long as it stops. I really don't care anymore. I feel like I have absolutely no reason to live and I just want to die pretty much all the time. I don't want to get with any girls but this one girl, if I could just see her. I liked her and I am completely committed to monogamy. But I don't know what happened to her and I feel like I'd just want to die if I couldn't see her. My whole shitty life is pointless. So who gives a fuck what I do right? All I want is to see this one girl, to have some fucking friends I can trust and then sort my life out. That's it. I literally don't see the point in doing anything til that happens but I'm going to try again. Like I've tried OVER AND OVER again in the past. But shit kept getting fucked up in coincidental ways. I used to be so fucking kind and trustworthy and funny and generous and now I just feel like the worlds biggest asshole because I say dumb shit. All because I can't see one girl, and I don't want any other girls. I guess I just have to hope that she'll find her way back to me.