All of it, hereThis is gonna be long and muddled but it's my life right now. There is a lot to say. I messed up bad and I would rather die than face it. I don't expect anyone to read something this long, but this is more for me anyway.

		                                       

I don't know how to fix my future. I spent the past 2 years in university (2nd year in B.H.Sc), and I was recently kicked out for failing classes repeatedly. I didn't do any work the entire first year, and by the time I tried to get serious in 2nd year, I was stuck in my old ways. Simply put, I didn't care for the classes or for the program. I'm also dangerously insecure &amp; anxious, to the point where boarding the bus, walking to class, and sitting through lectures takes an unbelievable amount of effort. So I skipped class alot. And thus I wasted $15K+ in tuition and other expenses (textbooks, bus pass, etc.) I wasted it. Knowingly. I knew I didn't care for the program, but I still went in thinking I could just go with the flow. I got through all of high school doing minimal work, and still landed honor's by graduation somehow. I thought I was smarter than average. I know now that I'm not only stupid, but arrogant, worthless, lazy, and entitled. I'm a waste of people's space, time, money, and energy. And it makes me want to die thinking that this is the sum of my existence. Everything has led up to this. I don't say any of this out of self-pity, rather I think I've come to a true understanding of my being. I've cut corners since grade school and I knew it would eventually come back to bite me. I did it anyway. I missed chance after chance to fix my act up, and it was only when I received the email telling me I was withdrawn from the program that I realized the extent of what I've done.


And the worst part is that I've been pretending to still be enrolled in school since February, when I was kicked out. I go to "school" (I basically just walk around malls and waste money on crap). I show my mom a forged transcript of B grades (some Cs for realism) and I'm at home pretending everything is fine. Imagining the moment everyone finds out makes me want to crawl into a hole and die off somewhere.The thought literally keeps me up at night and makes me cry convulsively. School is everything around here. Without it you're scraping for a living. $15k+ spent in tuition and other costs for 2 years that I threw away. I would quite literally rather die than face the consequences. I likely will. I'm just dragging this lie out for as long as I can. It's my lifeline. Since I don't see a future, I've been living accordingly. I buy random books, clothes, junk food, etc., wasting precious money and ruining my credit. I sit around the house all day and listen to music, watch videos, and eat food like everything is alright. I avoid my mom as much as humanly possible, because I don't want to be questioned or have to lie more than I need to. Living day to day is such a rollercoaster; when I succeed at forgetting all about my situation, it is like a paradise with no responsibilities. And at the height of it, darkness and despair sneak up on me and pull me down deeper than you can imagine. Most of the time, however, life is just an excruciatingly dull sense of perpetual idleness. Humans really aren't meant to be inactive, and I think it's making things a lot worse for my mental state (being locked in a room for days). But I can't go outside because 1. I'm way too insecure in the summer. 2. It feels wrong given my circumstances. I tried looking for local jobs to lessen the blow. Naturally, no one will take me; I have no experience or skills and I generally look like a shady and unfriendly person. And honestly, I don't want to work. The working world is just pure hell and nothing but suffering. I don't mind being productive, but the amount of crap that comes with it is unbearable. People are nasty &amp; rude. Everyone looks down on you for it. I don't want to be the McDonalds kid that everyone jokes about, the kid who couldn't make it. But I can't go back to school because I don't have the money and my GPA is through the floor now. I burned the bridge of life really effectively. 


What makes it infinitely worse is I have no one to confide in. My family is not the calm, supportive, understanding type. I'm very jealous of those types. My siblings are not good people to talk to. I hate them more than anyone else. One acts like I don't exist, the rest gossip and break my trust continuously and are generally just not intelligent people. They mock me and alienate me for very stupid reasons (e.g. I'm the youngest but also the tallest). My sister uses and bullies me everyday, and I can't complain or my mom gives me trouble for it. My sister speaks my mother's language better than me so she can manipulate my mom into taking her side. My mom is the only honest &amp; decent one in the family, but she is rash and simpleminded and doesn't understand me (english is not her first language). She just doesn't get complex emotions. She can't fathom the idea that her older children are not perfect and treat me badly. She works full time and is caring for my sick grandmother while in the middle of a lawsuit with my father, who has a lot of money but left the family years ago. My mom feels very strongly about proving to him that she can raise successful kids on her own. She always stresses to me that I need to do well in school to not shame her. And look what I did. I don't deserve a family after all, even if I don't like them much. 


I also don't have friends anymore. I ditched them and I can go on for days why. They were terrible friends; insecure, egocentric users who lack the capacity to talk about anything that isn't a joke. They feel threatened by me because I see through their shit, so they proceed to put me down constantly to stay on top. Everyone in my life acts this way toward me, like I am a threat to them. I generally feel like I'm the only person with any depth, though I know it's not true. Yet nobody takes me seriously, I am just around for entertainment. It made me happy to finally put my foot down. I thought that leaving them would also help me focus on my studies, and it did for a time. Until I stopped going to class entirely because I was too self-conscious to sit alone. I couldn't even listen to the professor in class if I thought that someone had glanced at me. Everytime I hear a group of people laugh together, I think maybe they're laughing at me. Sometimes I wish I hadn't left, because it is so crushingly lonely right now. And maybe I wouldn't have failed out. And even now they've already moved on with their lives and careers, with countless more friends to take my place. It hurts. It's nothing short of a nightmare. But even with all my reasons, I think me leaving my friends came down to the fact that I don't want anyone to know that I was failing.


So I've been venting online. And I've met some good people. But it just doesn't compare. No matter how many great people there are out there, they're just words on my screen from here. It doesn't compare. And all anyone can offer are quick-fixes or personal success stories. People just don't get it. I can't remember the last time (if ever) I fully expressed myself to anyone, without any reservations. And to have them understand me completely. It kills me inside to have so many thoughts and feelings that I want to share, with no one around. I know most people hated high school, but for me I was at least somebody with a place to belong. I was generally popular and had plenty of friends. But it wasn't necessary to have strong friendships, since you're surrounded by people all day. So when I moved on to university, I lost contact with all but two of them. And I realized those two were really bad friends, so like I said I cut them off. I don't know how to make new friends without a school or a job to go to. So for the past 2 years I've resorted to creating scenarios in my head obsessively. I spend countless hours imagining that I still have all my friends around, but that things are different. Whenever I watch or read something interesting, I pretend I have people to discuss it with. Sometimes it works, other times it comes crashing down. Sad, but it keeps me going. I wish more than anything that I could go back in time. It kills me inside to be stuck in the present. Can I just go back please? Either that or just end me now.


I don't know if I really want any advice. I don't think I do. I've gotten all the advice I could. People rebuilding their lives from scratch, and how failure is key to growth and success. "Get a job and pay off the money", "Go into trade school", "Reapply in a program that you enjoy". Or how I should just pack up and travel the country because I have nothing to lose. But I really don't care for any of that. I don't have it in me to start over. I don't know what my passion is and I'm not inclined to search for it while working some shit job. I do kind of like writing, and I think I'm alright at it. But there are too many obstacles and I'm already trailing behind everyone else. I really just want it all to end. Even the little things that used to bring me joy are starting to feel unwelcome. Like I shouldn't be allowed to have enjoyment after what I did. I should just stop wasting people's time and money. I feel incompetent at everything. I feel like I had my chance, and I don't want to start from rock bottom again. I can't see a future at all. When I hear about a new book or show coming out next year, I am aware that I won't be able to see it. There are many things I would like to do and see. But people make life way harder than it should be. Still, you can't experience the joy in life without putting in effort to survive. I don't have that effort in me. So I am a failure. And that is my life story. Hopefully I can say this is the end. 