My Friend Killed Himself. I am suffering from many reasons.My friend (17) killed himself on 31 October. He moved to another town when we started high school. He completely stopped to contact us and never replied. We didn’t message him after four months. After two years, he messaged us, how he is completely sorry about not contacting. We messaged him several times, but one night, he created a group, added four participants (excluding him), and messaged his suicide note to us. He was saying that he wishes all the best for us and how he loves us. We were shocked, and didn’t believe what was actually happening. My friend messaged me and we messaged his brother. After 30 minutes, his brother messaged us;

 My brother threw himself
 Down the building
 He’s dead
 How can it be possible”
 
We were all shocked and didn’t know what to do. We wanted details but it was early morning, and after losing a child, we think we shouldn’t waste their time. My dear friend killed himself by jumping down from the 10th floor. 

So this is the story, after that we were told that he didn’t write any other notes. No note for family and friends from his current town. Just for four of us. No information about what he was suffering. He didn’t talk about himself in that note. He wanted us to be happy and be loved. 

Guys, I know a lot of you suffer from various issues. And you shouldn’t feel any burden after what is going to happen after your death. You shouldn’t think about other people. That is why you are wrong. Think about yourself in this world. In this life. Not about others. Do not kill yourself. You are worth everything. You shouldn’t think about other people’s problems when you have already a lot problems. Suicide is not a solution. You should get a professional help. There are many people loves or going to love you. You are not alone. I personally won’t ever judge someone from now on. There are literally people suffering from major mental illnesses which leads them to death. Please get serious professional help.
Rest in Peace my dear friend. We missed you so much. I hope you are relieved after all of your suffer. 
Stay Strong.