I can't make it through this hell every day. I might seriously end it today.Every day is beyond hell. Every day is lower than the deepest level of hell. I will never be able to get these memories out of my head of someone I put all of my heart into, who I never even got to kiss, fought for, and she treated me worse than hitler treated any jew in the history of the world. And I lived through it. All I do is remember it every day, for years on end, and I've been deeply, deeply suicidal for years ever since then. She ruined my entire life. No one fills the gap, and every time someone who could fill it comes into my life, it's like they recognize this has happened to me, and god takes them away from me. And then only women I don't like come my way. Don't tell me to give it time, I've given it over seven years. Nothing fills the gap. I am going to blow my head off, it's the only logical conclusion. I can't get rid of the memories. I'm done with waking up only to hear all of her hate and betrayal towards me. I wish what happened to me never happened. I wish it would've worked out. I wish I was never committed, loyal, and faithful, because all three of those qualities were mocked. There is no replacement. I'm going to die, nothing fills the gap, nothing changes. You will never understand what it's like to be tortured for this long. If you tell me you do understand, and that someone just like her will come into my life soon, the way she was, the person that motivated me more than anyone, then I'm just going to be dead by tonight. I'm sick of hearing lies. I'm sick of hearing other people's opinions when ...

&amp;#x200B;

I'm sick of hearing other people's opinions when you don't know that the level of suffering I have endured throughout the entirety of my life timeline has been a hundredfold worse than yours. I don't want to hear it. I just want to hear you say just kill yourself. I am done with living. I'm done with being dead while alive on earth. I'm done with being expected to find happiness when it is impossible for me to find. I'm done with being told you understand me. I'm done with being told you understand my pain. I'm done with everything. I want to die right now, every day. But right now, I want to die. You just. don't. get. how. much. I have suffered. I wish I could bring it on to you and everyone else around me, and then you'll realize the magnitude of how heavy it is to wake up with these traumatic memories every day. I feel like I'm just being stabbed more and more, and god gave me cancer on top of ruining my life, and blesses the people who have destroyed my entire soul. I wish everyone felt all of my pain.