Antidepressant withdrawal is hardI don't need replies, I just need to vent. I could vent in notepad, but it feels different venting to a forum.

I'm UK-based. I spent my full 3 years with Early Intervention in Psychosis. I get depressed, then I hear voices that want me to end my life. It took a bit of tinkering, but we found that escitalopram (an antidepressant) and no antipsychotic were good for me when I'm not in a depressive episode. 

A few months ago I found myself in a heavy depressive episode. I saw my GP to refer me back to the psychiatrist's office because I couldn't cope. I'd spent my full time with EIP, so I was referred to the community mental health team, who are less well funded. Psychiatrist #1 decided that escitalopram had stopped working for me, and organised a transfer to prozac. Also, because I was struggling with the voices he gave me the only antipsychotic I tried that didn't have horrible side effects - olanzapine. It's good for me when I'm depressed enough to hear voices, but not good for normal use because it slows my mental functions. I'm a PhD student in mathematics, I need to be as sharp as possible. 

I gave prozac a couple of months, but it didn't seem to start working. Wiki says that changing antidepressant because the old one stopped working has a 70% chance of working. So psychiatrist #2 (covering for psych #1) transferred me from prozac to mirtazapine. Prozac is supposed to be one of the easiest antidepressants to come off, but for me the high half-life meant that I had the side effects for longer. Epic mood swings downwards. Brain zaps like you wouldn't believe. Shakes. 

Mirtazapine was given a fair 6 weeks to start working, and it felt like I was taking sugar pills. I was so down that the wall that olanzapine put between me and the voices crumbled down. Worse, I was obeying them when they told me to hurt myself. I've punched myself in the head until bumps form, then hit myself some more. I've cut. Psych #2 was on holiday, so I saw psych #3. He transferred me from mirtazapine to sertraline. He wanted to up my olanzapine, but I pointed out that I already feel like there's too much cotton wool in my head, and I'm sleeping ~14 hours a night.

This transfer is a cross taper. I take half dose of m and half dose of s for a week, then no m and full dose of s. Last night was my first night without m, and this morning was the first full dose of s. I'm getting withdrawal and I'm struggling to cope with the concept of carrying on until 1830 (when my partner returns from work), let alone a couple of weeks of withdrawl, and 4-6 weeks until s kicks in. If s kicks in. If s doesn't kick in then I'll have to struggle with yet another transfer. I've been transferring meds all year. I'm running out of struggle. 

The voices continue giving me hell while I struggle to do whatever coping strategies I can do. I have a barbell weight lifting routine I do, that I can't do right now because I don't have the energy. I can't read because there's too much depression and olanzapine slowing down my mental functions. I'm trying to listen to music, but instead I hear the voices enumerate the ways I could kill myself without leaving my flat. Also, I'm getting fatter because I'm struggling to motivate myself to track my calories, and my partner keeps bringing sweets home to try to cheer me up with sugar.

Also, for bad timing, I had an appointment with a psychologist this week to see if a talking therapy would be useful. He said that CBT for psychosis would be useful, but the waiting list is 8-9 months. I'm struggling with the concept of being alive in 2 hours, let alone 5700 hours. 

I'm just taking things an hour at a time, at the moment. Taking things a day at a time it a bit too much to handle.