is it selfish for others to tell me to stay?i don’t want to be here anymore. i have been depressed since i was 14, i’m 20 now. actually yesterday was my birthday and i asked everyone i could think of to spend some time with me. instead i sat in my bed and slept until it wasn’t my birthday anymore. i’m tired all the time. i have no motivation. i didn’t graduate high school because i didn’t have any motivation. i still can’t seem to finish school because i don’t have any motivation. i try. the last six months have been too much for me and everything is just getting worse. i had a terrible christmas,  i spent new years sobbing by myself because i felt so out of place, i lost my job the next day, my ex broke up with me a week later, he asked to see me valentine’s day but just wanted to hook up, my “friends” all said they would go out with me on my birthday and only one showed up. there is a deep, deep longing for complete silence and emptiness within me. i don’t want to feel anything anymore. i’ve tried antidepressants. i’ve tried therapy. i’ve tried meditation and every day i wake up and i still don’t want to be here anymore. i’ve never tried to kill myself but i know i want to die. the only reason i am still here is because everyone else tells me i have to be. for this person or that person or whatever the reason may be. why should i have to live a life i don’t want to live anymore because other people tell me to? isn’t it selfish to tell someone to keep going and then leave them to their own devices? everyone tells me they don’t want me to kill myself when i say i’m going to or i try to. and then i don’t kill myself and there’s no one there anymore? i try to reach out to everyone and they always have some excuse why they can’t see me. or they ignore me and do something without me. i feel so alone. all the time. even in a room full of people i still feel alone. i was hoping that this slump would end on my birthday, that everyone would tell me how much they care about me but most people didn’t bother to. 
are they selfish for keeping me here? or am i wrong to want to leave a life i don’t at all enjoy?