Something I Wrote A While BackNo matter how hard or how long I try to convince myself of the futility and senselessness of suicide, I cannot rationalize any logical argument against it. The mainstream rhetoric that "things will get better" does not convince me why happiness must always be the default condition of a person, or why depression or general dissatisfaction with life  are not legitimate reactions to the circumstances in life that warrant a voluntary death. When a marriage is failing, a divorce is sought. If parents are abusive and exploitative of their children, they are forcibly separated, even though it creates a permanent hole in the family that can never be filled.  After a certain number of years, an employee’s work contract is terminated. Why is our culture repulsed to suicide when we have always been permanently ending things we have outgrown or disliked? By extension, people can choose to end their lives when there is nothing more for them to look forward to. You’re probably thinking, “how can you know for sure?” To which I say, I don’t know for sure, but I do know what I am feeling now;  I’d rather end whatever it is I’m feeling than wait and hedge my bets because when I’m dead, I won’t feel any regret or guilt at having missed opportunities. Those who don’t exist can’t possibly be remorse at what they will never experience.
Let’s be clear here: I am not suicidal (yet). I don’t intend on ending my life anytime soon. It’s just that I’ve been thinking how the option of suicide appeals to certain people, and how reasonable the choice actually is. It’s quite simple really: a person who doesn’t exist does not feel anything – joy, sadness, anger, guilt, regret. In this instance, nothing is better than anything. 
Additionally, I am an atheist. I do not believe that there is a Supreme Being or a god who watches over us. If there were, he (and why do we automatically assume he is male?) is doing a very terrible job at it. I don’t believe in the argument of an “Intelligent Design”. Why are there children with leukemia? Why do we have wisdom teeth? Why are there schizophrenics and psychopaths who did not choose to be born into their mental state? I don’t understand how a god who makes flaws and mistakes in his design could ever be called intelligent. Don’t tell me that “everything happens for a reason”. What a load of horse shit. If your god makes people suffer just because he feels like it, that is not the god I would want to subscribe to. 
Anyway, I don’t have much to say anymore. If suicide was physically painless, I probably would have done it by now. I am afraid only of the physical sensation of death. “You don’t need to fear death because by the time it comes, you will already be dead,” the saying goes.  I am afraid of the physical pain when my head cracks on the cement pavement, the split second of incredible physical trauma caused by the severe hemorrhage that will happen immediately as soon as I touch the ground. When I die, my family and friends will definitely be shocked and saddened by my passing, but thankfully I won’t be around to feel bad about it. 
