I'm Ashamed to be Alive like thisI can't continue to live the way I do anymore, I feel extreme shame at what I've become.

I thought I had turned my life around; 3 years ago (I was 20) I weighed over 400 pounds and I've managed to get down to 170 pounds, but I feel like my life has gotten worse. I have a major problem with cross-dressing. I had never had a girlfriend growing up, and basically became the female I wanted to have, but it was different because I was fat and ugly. After losing all that weight, I realized I kinda looked feminine; the weight I had left on my body was all concentrated in my hips, and I had grown my hair out. I genuinely almost looked like a girl when I looked at myself from behind.

Over the last few months I have spent thousands of dollars getting laser hair removal on my face and body, buying women's' clothes, wigs, makeup, and it is crippling me. I have a consultation to get a brow lift and I'm thinking of getting a lip injection, but long story short, I have ruined my life in trying to look like a girl, and I just can't stop.

Every weekend I get on Grindr and hookup with guys, and I'm not even gay, I just do it because they call me beautiful and chase after me, it's all escapism to me. I know I'm not transgender, its purely a sexual thing for me, but I've taken it way too far, and everyone around me assumes I'm transitioning, even though I'm not. My family is so ashamed of what I've become. I want a girlfriend and might have had a chance at getting one, but I just don't look like a man anymore and no woman would ever be attracted to me.

 I had a scare a few weeks ago and had to get tested, it came back negative, but if is only a matter of time before I catch something. On Saturday, I hooked up with this guy and got really drunk and passed out and I think he raped me, I'm not sure. I just remember all the pain and the shame. Since then, I have had the strongest suicidal feelings I've ever felt.

I am so ashamed at what I've become, I am trash, I wish I had my beard back, I wish I had bodyhair, I wish I was a real man again, I'm just a sex-obsessed degenerate who was raped and I don't deserve to live anymore.