My friend tried to kill herself and now our friendship is different. What should I do? A week prior to my friend trying to kill herself. She sent me a weird wish you well text. While I was out of town at a family gathering. The second she sent the text I texted back but no answer. I called my mom. My another friend and she told me to calm down and call in the morning. Mind you a friend did this before and she was completely okay. For a week straight I try to get in contact with somebody on all types of social media, nothing not a word. I couldn't sleep at night and resorted to binge eating in the day plus I have horrible anxiety. When I was finally told that my friend was in the hospital from trying to kill herself. I cried for a couple of minutes then went shopping with my mom because I didn't know what else to do. I carry on conversation like everything was normal. Don't get me wrong before this moment happened I would not question my love for my best friend. She is like a sister to me. I could sit there and listen to anything she had to say at any time of the day whether she called me at 2:00 in the morning or right after I got off a 12 hour work shift. I was always willing to be there for her. However, now I can see myself not wanting to always be around her like I used to. We get into passive aggressive arguments about little things. And sometimes it feels as if she is "insinuating" that the depression I went through before meeting her was nothing in comparison to hers. She jokes about how she tried to kill herself, I didn't know if I should laugh because this could be a way of coping but to be honest it makes me angry. I know my anger wouldn't help her so I try to kept it to myself. What should I do in this friendship I want to be there for her but it scares me that I wont be surprised if I woke up and someone told me my best friend killed herself.
1. How should I react when she jokes about her death?
2. How should I fix not wanting to be around her as much?
3. How I should react when she starts to compare our lives?
4. Is there anything I can do extra to help her get through this?