I Truly Hate LivingObligatory I'm on mobile, so format will be unadulterated trash, as well as this is decently lengthy, get a snack.


I cannot remember a single day of my pitiful existence being remotely enjoyable. Every memory seems to be, at best, apathy. At worst, my memories are filled with contempt. Even my dreams are plagued with a call to the proverbial void.


Between the excessive feeling of self hatred, loneliness, failure, mental disarray, and overall depression, I'm beginning to have the wonderful nag of self termination (I'd say suicide but let me be a bit avant garde, that word began to bore me with time). Each day feels dreadfully extended. Every second is filled with a feeling I could almost describe as regret to my birth. It certainly does not help that I cannot connect with other people. 


I have friends, had friends, and will have friends, but, they all feel so 2 dimensional. As if I can only observe them and not interect(if that is a clear description of the phenomena). Because of this looming emotional flaw, I will never have a relationship that feels gratifying for the sake of love. Never can I be involved in romance, as I am incapable of expressing depth of such a remarkable emotion. To those who can or do still love, whether superficially or deeply, cling to such a miracle. 


I only fail in school. My motivation erodes with every second, leaving me nothing more than a disappointment whom steadily adds to debt. What was I thinking, engineering is for those who seek a better world, I want to escape it. With each failure, I see more reason to flee from my self created hell. 


If only I could properly type the details of my suffering, it is all too existential to describe in clarity. Let it be known, in my few moments of lucidity, I demand my death from myself. Purpose never having existed, happiness but a fleeting memory, and suffering all encompassing, the only bulwark against my imminent display of cranial ballistic testing is a macabre curiosity of tomorrow. And the next day. And the next day. And the next day.


If you made it this far, than you have my thanks. Yet, I have a request. Reddit, do tell me why I shouldn't take a visit to the lead express while having my last cigarette. And none of that cheesy shit like "BuT yOuR specIAL tO sOMeOne" or "but youR FamIlY". So, have a goodnight or morning I guess, and be suave in all things.