Lost my job this morningSorry in advance for my lack of cohesion and my stream-of-consciousness way of writing this all down. 

I was fired from my job in customer service this morning, an all-time low. I couldn't stand waiting for rude people to call me while sitting in front of my computer for 8 hours a day and it has been depressing me terribly this past year (only been working in cs for a year). Maybe part paranoia, but I felt like it was treated like the lowest position in the company (SaaS type company, ~100 employees) and frankly I was embarrassed of it. I hated every day and although I'm not dumb enough to ever quit a decently paying job, I'm ostensibly not above being largely inconsistent in my work there due to my internal struggle with where I am as a 30 year old. I hated it and couldn't ever keep up a charade for long. 

Full disclosure, I've had suicidal ideation for approximately 15 years. I survived an attempt when I was 14 and professionals will tell you it's increasingly common for repeat attempts to occur in the wake of the attempt. In spite of all of this - I've beat the odds, graduated college, landed a pretty great job with my degree in 2011 but screwed it up and ended up being fired after a year and a half. I was out of my league (not really an unexpected thing when post-college) but my pretty rigid defense mechanism that I've had these past 15 years caught up with me. I have a propensity the be highly critical of those around me, as well as myself. I can do a 180 at the drop of a dime on how I feel about someone. I guess you could say I'm a pretty emotional little guy, internally.

My parents divorcing after around 34 years have contributed to my emotional state, this happened maybe 2 years ago. I was very much in the middle of it and they both ended up being (what I consider to be) immature, dishonest and manipulative towards me. At the end of it all, they both moved out of state. My family outside of them has been pretty much zero, partially my fault (embarrassment after my attempt, too). Suffice to say, Christmases throughout high school consisted of just them and me and sometimes my one sister (whom ran away at the age of 17 to be with her current husband).

Also of note, my parents were rich growing up, and you could probably say I had a silver spoon in my mouth for most of my life. MANY extravagant vacations when I was young and pretty much through college. I've seen a lot of very beautiful things and had it very easy for a lot of my life. Which is why I'm even more willing to let go of all of this. My life isn't going to get any better and I don't mean to drone on too much with my narcissism but I've just had it. I've had a lot of great memories that I'm able to smile about. I've been fortunate enough to fall head over heels in love with and date a girl during 3 years of college so at least I know I've truly lived. I just don't ever want to make the mistake of having children that have this same depressive affinity that I do. 

These last 15 years have been so volatile for me, I don't think I'll be able to do another 15. It's most assuredly fucked up how often I think of suicide, I know that. But I've survived 15 years feeling this way... 15 years of introspectively daydreaming of suicide....as an easy out type fantasy, as a realistic look of the world and it's brevity...my brevity.

I just want advice. I've done therapy and it opens pandora's box. I tried celexa for a year, two years back, and it turned me into a hypermanic mess.

The only thing that makes me happy is music. I can sit at a piano and improvise beautiful compositions off the cuff. It's catharsis for me to stave my loneliness at times. Sometimes I'll play for an hour straight, and just start crying midway because of how much I keep inside. It does help, though.

I know this all may seem quite pathetic and obvious in terms of an answer to you guys, but I just had to get this out. I still feel godawful at the moment but better than when I started.

Someone please give me words of advice.