Just when I thought when everything was great it all falls apartI went through a downward spiral into deep depression last year but after a while and a lot of effort and support from my friends I managed to live life semi normally again. I started talking to people more, being more social, caring more about how I looked, and adopted a more positive worldview. A few weeks ago I met a girl and I thought there was real chemistry. We would talk every night for hours but I think I was too much of a bitch to ask her out and she found someone else. It really hurts because in my mind I had this idea of us being together a lot during the summer and dating. My dog, my best friend, is now losing strength in his back legs and isn’t doing well on treatment. This happened to another dog I had and she spiraled from having difficulties walking downward in the span of a year until we had to put her down. I am really scared that it’s going to happen again and my other dog seems to have a tumor that I really hope isn’t cancer. Other than that I’ve basically been smoking weed all day everyday to keep me numb, and my grades have suffered as a result. I used to be the type of person who could’ve gotten into Ivy League schools but now That my GPA has tanked 0.25 points idk if I can get into some of my safeties that i really liked. I don’t know what to do right now, I promised myself that I wouldn’t smoke for a few weeks for finals but now I don’t see the point and since I can’t get any weed for the next few days I’m just drinking to numb the pain. I can’t go to my therapist, since even though I like her, whenever I tel her that I’m not happy with life and that I want to kill myself she just tells my parents who shove more and more fucking antidepressants down my throat. They just make me feel numb and make my anxiety worse, and my psychiatrist refuses to give me anything else or Xanax to make me be able to socialize or not always worry about everything. Why is it that whenever that things are going well that it all crashes down and starts the cycle of depression over? Why can’t I just be happy? I already want to kill myself so bad and if my dog dies I don’t think there will be anything to stop me from going out on the highway, getting as fucked as I possibly can, and just flooring it until I hit a tree and hopefully die instantly. I can’t go through this again.