My newly LDR girlfriend is having more frequent suicidal ideation.Hi all.


As per the title, this post is me looking for a little guidance but also some catharsis so please please bear with me regarding the essay length. I feel like I might come off a bit dismissive or condescending in my writing but that’s always been an issue with me and I’m trying to work on it.


I met my girlfriend just over a year ago while she was on a working holiday in my country. She was brave enough to let me know about two months in that she had had a pretty big bout of depression a couple of years prior and a history of self-harm (related with super low self-esteem). Being that I’ve been struggling with severe anxiety and depression for the past four years we found it wonderful that we could speak to each other about these things.


We were planning on a short term fling considering her working holiday was short term. Throughout the remainder of her time in my country we had a fantastic time dotted with fairly frequent depressive episodes on her part. In this I offered support to the best of my ability whilst trying to keep up with university coursework.


Eventually we agreed that we could stomach a temporary LDR to keep what we have going. I’m planning to visit in late September and have booked a plane ticket. This is where the more serious suicidal ideation came about.


The first few weeks of separation were big with tears and despair on her part but we moved past it and settled into a routine of daily contact via video chat, which has been a positive experience overall.

I encouraged her as soon as she got back to start looking for a counsellor/therapist and look into medication and she said she’d be fine with that. Unfortunately her therapist who was a big help has moved cities and she hasn’t yet found someone else. 


Her therapist suggested a colleague that she’d be happy for her to see in her absence and as of yesterday she’s told me she will continue to look for a new therapist so I think that’s a step in the right direction.


Through the time we’ve been apart she’s had a significant number of bad days in which she wants to die. She’s never made plans but she has discussed methods although this seems like it has been more out of morbid curiosity.


She doesn’t have a good support circle in her home country. Her parents are ignorant to the situation to a fault. She does have a lot of friends but isn’t confident in talking to them about this which leaves me as her only real point of contact.


I’ve told her sister and one of her good friends that I’m concerned about how she’s doing and to maybe check in on her and they’ve both told me she seems very detached as of late but that they’ll keep me updated.


Thank you lovely r/SW people, is there anything else I can do?
