Friend has had mental decline &amp; attempted death 2-3x, he might’ve ruined the friendship with his roommates who are good friends- [ ] First post on reddit, we need advice. The friend group of my bf and I consists of 4 other people, we’ll call them Cathy, Justin, Derrick, and tonya, our ages are all between 23-32 with derrick being the oldest. Derrick and Tonya were the most recent additions to the friend group (excluding myself). They all mostly grew up together in a small secluded town, lots of generations of family and friends live here. Because of that it’s an extremely community driven place and practically a different world from a large city. Derrick and Tonya have been dating for a while and she is frequently away for college. Last year Cathy, Justin, and Derrick decided to move to a busy state capital city and be roommates together. They ended up moving in together a couple of months before coronavirus hit and were doing ok, some still looking for job but otherwise getting by. However when corona hit and now the past several weeks protests and riots, they’ve been struggling to get by and never got a rent break. Only Justin is currently employed as an essential worker, Cathy got fired from corona and has been looking for work, Derrick gets (what I can so far assume) is very small side money from streaming. Past few months and weeks when we would check in on them they say everything is fine or good, nothing crazy. But we get a call from Cathy and Justin a few days ago saying the past few months they’ve seen a severe decline and change in behavior from Derrick. So much that they had tried having intervention type sit downs (we weren’t informed about these) that didn’t seem to work. He shows a lot of signs of depression like having trouble cleaning and being motivated, hasn’t done his own grocery shopping for weeks, and pretty much stopped taking care of his cat entirely; he’s tried to kill himself 2-3x with Justin having to break down a door to save him and he gave tonya a concussion after throwing her off him when he was trying to jump out the window. They’ve also mentioned he’s been showing signs of possible bipolar disorder. We all smoke weed but since they’ve had financial issues they haven’t smoked in a long time which could be a factor in his decline. He’s been hypocritical towards Cathy and Justin and hasn’t been contributing; they may have fully damaged their friendship after Derrick said he was pretty much willing to ditch them if things go downhill. Another issue is tonya has been thinking of breaking up with Derrick, which to be honest I support. I love Derrick but he’s definitely a bit of a controlling and jealous guy when it comes to his gf and since his decline he’s been yelling at her over the phone more. A breakup would make things worse for him but I wouldn’t never ask her to hold off on a breakup of a toxic relationship for his sake since she deserves happiness just as much. Another issue is they just resigned their lease and don’t have the money for a buyout of it, Cathy and Justin want to come home but Derrick is against it even though things clearly have not gone to plan and should be re-evaluated. Most of us are 1-2yrs apart but he’s  a little older than us and has expressed disappointment at times when one of us has had success, he looks down on himself for being older than us but not having a more solid “successful” life than us. We feel he would improve if he moved back home where he has support and stability but doesn’t want to move back or if he did would want to move into his own place instead of back with family, difficult since housing here is expensive af and he doesn’t have a job. oh and we are suspicious he may be in credit card debt. He doesn’t have that many viewers so we know he doesn’t make a lot of money from streaming but Cathy and Justin said he’s still been buying things here and there, only way I could think of him having a lot of extra money without a job was maybe credit cards. We want to do another sit down but Justin said since their last talk with him they want to see if he can make a change on his own (though they didn’t sound optimistic) and pretty much don’t want us to all do an intervention type thing unless something happens again. They promised him they wouldn’t tell us so they don’t want to rush to have another talk and pretty much expose that they did tell us. To deal with the suicide risk before Cathy has hidden his keys to keep him from going out (he called from a bridge once) and we want to try to have him agree to remove the door locks temporarily since they had to break it down before. My bf wanted to take the whole door off but I recommended just removing the locks so he still felt comfortable since I would be pissed if anyone took my entire door. I think it’s a fair compromise. Any advice would be helpful on how to help our friend and ideally how to mend the cracks in the friendship they now have from living together.