It's all pointless.I have never had an easy life.

My mother was a single parent and neglectful. My father wasn't around. She wouldn't hit me but emotionally she was never really...there. I can't say that my mom was a bad person. I know that she loved me, she simply just wasn't a complete person herself.
I remember getting the silent treatment a lot. sometimes for days. Or she just wouldn't do anything with me? I started staying home alone from the age of eight for long periods of time. I made my own lunches, dinners (though we would usually eat out.). Now as an adult it's clear that my mother suffered from very severe depression. I remember begging her to just hangout with me and instead she would sit on her computer.

When I was young she became romantically involved with another female ...we will call her Helen. (my mother turned out to be a lesbian, so that garnered a lot of bullying for me- unfortunately. ) She eventually moved in with Helen who was an alcoholic (which my mother knew) she also had a son with Muscular Dystrophy. I know he had another illness, but I don't remember what.

I would hear them fighting in my room a lot. The cops would come and then the cycle would start over. One day my mother just said that she had enough and started to pack for us to leave. When she came home with me after school Helen had burned all of our things.

As a teenager things basically just got worse. I was diagnosed with a list of health issues (Epilepsy, Asthma, Adhd, Borderline Personality Disorder, Depression, Anxiety, Arthritis. We also suspect that later on in life I will have diabetes.) My mother had always been a dirty person (secretly) and when I say dirty... I mean dirty. Sometimes we would have maggots in the apartment and it order to get rid of them quickly I would have to get on the floor and burn them with a lighter to kill them. Sometimes you couldn't see any part of the floor in any room. It was all garbage, nothing was sentimental. She simply wouldn't clean.

Growing up in filth gave me a lot of anxiety. I couldn't have sleepovers or, when I was older, let my boyfriends come in. I grew up in an upper middle class suburb so I learned that people infact did NOT live the way that I did. It was like my nose was constantly being rubbed into shit. 
In the 5th grade I was diagnosed with depression, in the 6th grade I started cutting myself, in 7th grade that moved on to burning myself. Everytime my mom found out she would act shoked, we would talk for a few hours, then it would never come up again. Eventually I attempted suicide. My mom found me in the bathtub after taking pills. I was 16. After we came home from the hospital we, again, never really talked about it again.

I'm 22 (my birthday was 3 days ago). For the past year i've been dealing with my mothers cancer. I came to learn that my father had not walked out on me, my mother had constantly moved so that he couldn't find us. She fed me lies that he had temper issues and didn't care about us.
She used him as a sperm donor because she wanted a baby.

We found out about her cancer (stage 4 lung) in April. She passed in December. I sort of...ignored everything that had ever made me angry at her and tried to form a new bond. We did. A little bit... and then she died.

My grandmother died in August, My mom died in December, and my grandpa died 3 weeks ago.
All of my family is dead. I have literally no immediate family left. I'm so mentally ill that sometimes it's like I clock out of my body. I forget everything that has happened and I pretend that theyre still alive and i'm not me and I haven't lived my life. It's like i'm dreaming most of the time.

Mentally, I'm exhausted. I have so many other things that are going wrong but I didn't want them to be too long. Anyway. I've decided that on Sunday it will be the day. I have a boyfriend and I love him so much, so much. He's tried to keep me grounded. But I just can't hurt him anymore. And I can't keep hurting myself by being here.

I wish that it wasn't like this.