Depression at it's finest.I don't know what to say here, or how to even start, but I will do my best.

I have been extremely hurt in my life. I have been hurt in ways you can't even imagine. I lost half of family via cancer which is kinda ... let's say your kids can have it. After 7-8 months of loosing one close family member, I lost "best" childhood friend via suicide. All my life I was considered strange, freak, wierdo and all that crap. Ofc my love life sucks and blows big one. But my close people think that I'm amazing person .. "too good for this world". It's just ... I have been extremely hurt, and when I just got a little bit calm and little bit ok, life did found a new way to extremely hurt me again. I suffer from depression "whole my life". I don't remember all that stuff, but I remember me always being shy, humble, sad, introverted, not belonged to this world, here with body and mind is far away kinda guy. I really hoped that I would find something solid to hold onto. But everything in my life just felt apart. FE. at some point in life I created gaming videos ... and it helped me at some point, but that happiness didn't last long. Even if I just made videos for my friends who are gamers, didn't create them for anyone ... they did called me; "New PewDiePie". But that wasn't enough .. I was suicidal about 2 times in my life. Once I was on therapy in hospital .. and I would rather die then go back there again. Last time I was suicidal in time from Christmas till Valentines day ... It just hurt so much when people have time of their life, and mine continues to blow on every single level you can imagine. Since I suffer from depression, I poisoned and toxicated my body till it became unrecognizable. I had amazing plans for my life .. but that potential has been dying every second more and more. At some point, that beautiful world in my head, with mountains, with wooden house by the lake, surrounded by flowers, grass and butterflies .... It died. I lost it. It became kingdom of pain, alcohol, cigarettes, a lot of coffee, tears, sadness, sorrow and loneliness. I was created to be the most gentle person you can ever imagine, I was created to be gentle, kind, humble, caring creature. But the World did find a way to kill every trace of that creature, and make that picture in my head to be completely unimportant and useless. Since we are talking about cancer, I have got that disease .. and it means that I will go in hospital for next quite good amount of time, more then 12 years.  I just can't do it. :( When I first found out, ofc I was angry, I was hopeless, I wanted to hurt myself, I wanted to die, I wanted to throw stuff through open window ... And now when I'm trying to be not junkie anymore, my body hurts as fuck. And I'm glad it hurts ... it hurts a lot less then my emotional pain. In last 3 days, I cried more then 5 times. One day I was walking my dog in 9 PM. And I cried all over that walk. Luckily no one did noticed, and I washed my face when I got back home. Few days ago I did have my last day ... I did everything what I wanted to do for the last time, ... I eat pancakes, I had coffee, I watched the sky, I enjoyed in Sun as I never did ... I enjoyed all that small stuff, 'couse I'm aware it will be last time. Few nights before that day .. I had gaming night with my friend .... God it felt good. Shame it will never happen again. Even if my body hurts as hell now, I can't go to hospital, I can't be locked, I don't wanna go anywhere ... I just want to die in sleep and never wake up again. The only thing I regret .. I wish I did became New PewDiePie, I wish I had made 15 M € in last year, but not for myself, I promised that I will do everything just to save some people. I had amazing potential, but world keeps killing it every time more and more. I wish I could save them ... I wish I was a lot stronger in past, I wish I was patient with my wishes and not mad when I don't get them. I can't live here anymore, I can't continue to live for next 45 more years 'couse 8 - 4 work system keeps killing my every time more and more. I just don't belong here, I never was ... I wish I was born in some other time, in different circumstances, in different place .... Sry. :(