Please help. I think I am going insane.This is a throwaway account because it’s so far off what I portray to others I would 100% not feel comfortable sharing it on any other platform.    
So I’m currently a high school student and probably one of the most type A people out there (lol). I think my greatest flaw is taking on too much and always *just* getting by. I’m at the top of my class, have great extracurriculars and a good group of friends. I’m definitely very assertive, impulsive and occasionally aggressive but I always brushed it off as “you gotta do what you gotta do” and I joke around a lot to compensate. All in all I think I’m probably an average 18 year old.   

However in the last 3 or 4 months I think something has gone wrong in my brain. I kid you not I’m literally going insane, I get so angry I literally black out and and will punch holes in my walls and take plates and glasses from the cupboard and smash them on the ground. I often contemplate jumping out windows (and not as a joke, like serious) and ways I could possibly kill my self (especially when I’m angry). My nightmares have also been terrifying, I cannot recall the last time this year that I’ve slept through the night. Also my impulsivity has gone through the roof and it’s so weird I’m like watching myself live from a third perspective as if I have no control over it. I say horrible things to my friends, I scream and physically fight with my parents, I eat way too much in one sitting, I make bad decisions, I use people, and the worst part is: I do not care.        

On the other hand, the only times I feel somewhat happy, it’s to an extreme level. Like I’m on some sort of drug, everything is just moving so fast and I have huge energy spurts and everything is going great until it isn’t. I don’t think I have depression because I never really feel tired or sad. Just usually either really, really angry or really really happy. It’s exhausting. These last few months have been so incredibly difficult and I know it probably does not compare to some of the stuff people go through on this sub, and I feel absolutely stupid for saying this, but I just want to end it all.       
I’ve never experienced anything like this I’ve always been the “good kid” and have had extreme luck when it comes to mental health but in the last 3-4 months something snapped and now I have no idea how to deal with myself and I feel like I’m only getting worse. I’m honestly afraid of myself when I get angry and I have no idea what is wrong with me. I’m afraid I’m going to do something drastic when I’m angry as each fit gets progressively more serious and I’m not sure if I can live with this much longer.