Been a while since I've felt like this, I'm scaredLast time I got feelings like this was probably 9 months ago, at least feelings that lasted longer than a day or two.

Early last year I was incredibly depressed to the point that I tried to kill myself multiple times, but then after talking to online friends, family and even a doctor, I came out alright, even if my grades suffered from it.
Now this year started off well, motivated, feeling better than I had forever despite the usual stresses of school (final year of highschool). I'm well on my way to getting into the university I want for sciences, but now it's all going down hill for me, even though I'm still better off than I ever have been.

For example, I managed to get a girlfriend which I thought would never happen, she's still with me and she's amazing, but she has her own stuff too so I don't want to bother her. I don't even know where I'm going with this by rambling, but I do know everything is crashing back on me.
Really, the only reason I have been happy was because I was able to tuck away all the crap that got me down into a corner of my mind. It is always there, and I feel like even if I never do kill myself, it always will be. This stuff isn't childhood trauma, or losing a loved one, it's just me hating myself.
I can't stand myself, what I feel to be the real version of me, anyways. I have another version that I try to be, but I just can't keep all the time. I try to be nice and motivated and hard working and whatever else, but when I look down to what I REALLY feel, I see from myself is cruelty and anger. Maybe it's because I bottle everything up, maybe not, but literally anything can make me mad nowadays, and when I get mad I start mad at people, but then instead I turn it in on myself because I find it's my fault that I'm angry in the first place.

I don't know how much of what I feel is what everyone feels, it's strange, I have had a few close relatives die over the last few years and I've literally not cared. I've actually wished at times that friends would kill themselves, or family would die just so I could have something to actually be upset about.

It's disgusting and right now I'm ready to try and kill myself again since the thought bugs me all day, even when I'm happy. I don't even know what I'm asking for from you guys but I want to say things I can't to my friends and this hardly scratches the surface. Part of me is scared to death of this relapse and that I'll try to kill myself, the other part is egging me on telling me to get it over with.