Life isn't the sameSo I'm writing this bored and depressed, i usually hate it when people say they are depressed since most the time they are a bit sad, i never use to call my self depressed but now i felt the full force of this bitch i do, the worst thing is that i used to be happy all the time and was always thinking to myself why can't people just be happy... might as well start from the beginning... Bring back august 2013, i went out to grab a drink with a few mates after a nando's cruise (Great times) so we head into a pub to meet a few friends, bring on my mate and his new gf, she's alright maybe a 7-8/10, me and her never spoke that night but i could tell she's pretty fly (Same night i banged my head on a wooden plank and dropped my drink... oppps)... a few weeks later we all meet up again, my mate leaves his GF with us as he goes to work (poor sod), around the middle of the night it was just me, my mate and her, she was quiet. My mate was trying to ditch her, i however didn't, so in the end it was just me and her, we started to talk about a lot of stuff... Fuck! i like her... bring on the end of September... with my mate (the guy she's dating) he says they split, im like fuck yes... Another month later, she comments on one of my pictures and then we started to causally talk... "wanna go out get a drink" - her "Yeah" - me(think of me as a retarded fonz)... was a good night, went out, got drunk, got food and made out, she invites me in but me being as smooth as a luxey cars paint job said lets save it for another day (let's not rush this)... bring on another day, we go for a casual drive, she invites me in and i say not yet again (My mates mocked my ball blues at that point) bring on the next meet up after texting a lot and i confess that i like her... the next part was unpredicted, she said she only wanted to be fuck buddys with me (Some guys would call me a lucky man... them guys may have never loved anyone)... i pored my heart out and drove to hers... this time i go in and you know the rest ;)... JK couldn't get it up haha FML. After this we still meet, we still chat. Then we drink again, i confess my love again, she denies me again :( i walk home and rang my mate saying how much i just wanna drive... i texted her the pure amount of feelings i have for her... She then text saying how she thinks we would be a good couple and we end up dating... The next 6-8 weeks simply were the best part of my life... i have never been so happy, we done some much stuff together (not filthy :P) we even went official; so soo sooooo happy :/ 2 weeks before xmas she says she doesn't have feelings for me in that way or she doesn't know what she feels (she says we can still go out but we don't) :/ Ouch... i drive back to work (night shift) then i realised i will never be that happy in my life again... i wasn't wrong... over the course from then till now, we dated for a week over xmas, we split due to her depression, we have had sex again once, i almost won her back but lost it, we have made out a few times :/ When we meet i always end up still loving her and telling her i can't do this and not speak for a bit.. i met up with her yesterday, flirting like hell! as you do... texted her asking her for a date, she says she is fine being friends... The only thing is i don't wanna give up, im 20/80 (20% is the yes) there's a chances to chase that happiness again :/ she was only like 70% of my old life i miss, i also miss hanging with my mate, playing COD with him, going to the local pub and working over nights at a fast food joint XD Miss that shit! Desk jobs are good but they arnt as fun... My life has changed so much... The worst part is my Body dysmorphic disorder i picked up as the only thing i can blame for the break up (since we clicked so much) was myself... It's bad, i havn't looked in the mirror for around 6 months, im always on guard incase someone mentions my looks and if they do i go into a huge depression :/ I'm like 50/50 when it comes to my looks, someone say im good looking some say i don't, the only way to keep myself alive is to agree with the first lot. 2 years and i still love her, i havn't stopped...
Sorry about the spelling mistakes, i was powering through this essay. I just wanna kill my self... I will never be that happy again... :/ These 2 years have just been bad... I want a life... FML...

TL;DR Miss my old life....