my mother told me that my self harm scars on my arms were ‘disgusting’ and ‘next time do it where nobody can see’this happened when i was around 15 during one of my worst depressive states in middle school. i have since brought it up to her but she claimed to not remember saying ‘i don’t remember bad things’. i do acknowledge that my mother has her own issues due to her own strict upbringing ( grew up as the only daughter of a chinese family, pressured to be first in everything including academically ) which is why she chose to move to another country to get away from her family in her mid 20’s. 

my mother has always been an alcoholic and exhibit anger management issues ever since i can remember. she also admitted that she married my father only because of societal pressures. my father used to be absent for long periods of time due to work but after an economic crisis which led to him being declared bankrupt, he was home a lot. they used to fight everyday when i was a kid. i still remember one day how their usual shouting escalated to throwing things and i had to take my younger sister into my bedroom and play guitar to her to pretend everything was fine. i would get shouted at, hair-pulled, dragged a lot for the smallest of things. i forgot to do my laundry one day and she threw detergent water at my face. 

she treats my sister differently. i always knew my younger sister is her favourite, i don’t blame neither of them ( in fact i’m happy my sister is not treated the way i am) but it still hurts. i never physically hurt my mother but my sister did once when my mother decided not to take us out for a promised dinner night out and they started arguing and my mother told my sister to just hit her with a belt so my sister did. my sister apologized afterwards and they never brought it up again, unlike the many times my mother brought up my past arguments saying how selfish and ungrateful i was. 

i was also bullied during middle school for my looks, being half chinese and a generally just being a socially-awkward kid ( due to my family background). i don’t remember exactly when i started self-harming amidst my school and family troubles, but i can truly say that however an unhealthy coping mechanism it was, it helped me survive a lot of things. i’m mostly clean for now but still have occasional relapses, and while i do carry no remorseful thoughts towards my mother nor my middle school bullies anymore, but i just want them to accept how they have impacted me as a person, and will continue to be so until i die, with my scars to remind me everyday. 

i’m now in my 20’s studying computer engineering at a highly-competitive university ( arguable the top-rated uni in my nation) i don’t have any particular interests so i just chose the field because of the money. my friends tell me i’m pretty, smart, friendly and that i have a bright future ahead. i have been on anxiety/depression meds for almost three years now and they did help, but this constant thought of wanting to die has never left me. i’m planning to kill myself once i clear all of my family’s debt and amass enough fortune for all of them to live a comfortable life after i pass. 

idk why i’m typing out all of this now, but it feels nicer to let it all out. sorry for any grammatical mistakes since i’m not a native speaker. thank you for reading my rant, wish you all a great day.