Drowning is starting to sound niceI recently experienced my first severe manic episode. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder II a few years ago but I never had a high this bad. I was even hearing things that weren't there. I know that when I come back down I'll be thrown into the pits of depression. I've been in touch with my therapist and psych but in the dead of night my brain sometimes tells me to go jump into the nearby river. I can't swim so if I jump off the dock I will probably drown. 

Thing is, I'm super close to graduating college and can't afford to be hauled off to the shitty mental hospital nearby (I've been there and it was a complete waste of time and money). If I go now, I won't finish school and my parents and I can't scrounge up enough cash (even with loans) to pay for another semester. 

My antidepressant was recently halved to make the lithium more effective. I was sick and in pain for a week, then had a migraine for two days. Health-wise it seems there's always something wrong, but I'm only 23. I sometimes feel like I could save myself a life of potential suffering and help my parents get a better return on what I perceive as being a bad investment (me). I'm already on year 5 of college because of a similar event where my roommate talked me into getting help when I planned to hang myself.

This is kind of unrelated but I'm also a lesbian and while both of my parents love me, my mom still hasn't fully accepted that part of me even though it's been 6 years. I'm really tired of hiding it from extended family but I know verbal and maybe even physical fights will breakout in my family if everyone knew, and my parents would take most of the blame. I've also had body image issues ever since a stupid doctor put me on a medicine without telling me rapid weight gain was a common side effect. I put on 50 pounds in the past year and am now considered pre-diabetic with my current A1C.

I'm not about to do this tonight but it's been playing on my mind more and more. The crying spells and mood swings are getting out of hand and I've already made use of many of my college's resources. I feel bad asking any more of my friends and my family doesn't know enough about my illness to support me in the ways I need right now. I've attempted suicide before with pills. It was of the biggest mistakes I ever made. I feel so stuck...please convince me that this is a terrible idea.

TL;DR: Mania and health problems suck and I can't afford to take off school anymore. Please convince me that drowning is a bad idea.