It's hard to keep going. I need to get it all out.I started contemplating suicide when I was eight; I would sit in my bathroom holding scissors against my wrist and think, "what if?". Back then the reasoning might have been simple to get over if I had spoken out, but I didn't.

Back then it was easier things, like my best friend's older brother molesting me, my Father's physically abusive girlfriend and my absent mother who used to lock me in the house when I was one so she could party. Back then therapy might have been the answer. Now I feel like I'm too screwed up to ever actually be happy.

After this, many things happened. I was raped, about three times; I was too scared to speak out. I had to take care of my alcoholic and physically/emotionally abusive father whom I love and is one of the only good things in my life (he sobered up, but recently, not so much). I started sleeping around, what is it? 30 men? I've lost count. I cut, I took pills, I drank, did drugs, I did anything to numb the pain until all I felt was numb. I picked men who would hurt me, apparently there's a statistic for that, women who have suffered forms of child abuse turn to people who will abuse them. I've been so alone and after 4 different types of medications and numerous suicide attempts (obviously cries for help or I wouldn't be here?) I'm still stuck.

I don't know what happened, I thought I was getting better, but now it seems like any stress that occurs I immediately think about suicide. I think about hanging myself, over dosing on morphine, sometimes I fill up the bath tub and hold my head under just for a release. I think about death everyday and I want it to go away.

I wish those things in my life were the only tragic situations I've been in but unfortunately there's more. I think the problem is that for the past twenty years I've had so much more bad than good. It's funny because some have said just looking at me I seem well adjusted and happy but it's a lie. I've built a wall and after several different therapists/counselors/psychiatrists, I don't think anyone will be able to get through to me. 

I just want to forget, all of it. Sometimes I wish I would get hit over the head so I could forget my past life, start new. I want to forget or die.