Today, it all came crashing down.I'm a 17 year old male student who has always been held with high standards by everyone.  I've suffered from a long period of sadness that has continued and worsened throughout the course of a little over 6 years now alongside a heighnously severe case of insomnia, both of which I tended to keep to myself.  I've been successful in school up until this point but today that came crashing down.

For the past two months, I had been avoiding checking anything related to grades or school as a whole, even avoiding some online work.  All of this was done as a result of me bombing the two college courses I had been taking this semester.  Today my parents alongside myself were notified that as a result I'd be kicked out of my program that was paying for my college and aiding in my education.  My idiocy led to me bluffing to my parents about me doing fine in said classes, which has now been cleared as a lie.  This lie led to a mental breakdown alongside the removal of just about anything that provided me with a distraction or moments of happiness as a punishment for my lies and the dissatisfaction of my mother.  Note I only said Mother, as my father(who is out of town) instead reached out to ask me what was wrong and what happened.  Here for the first time I confessed to one of my parents that I hadn't been truly happy aside from laughing with various people in years, about a case of anxiety that has developed around various tasks and other things, alongside that of my lack of motivation, will to give up and fear of talking about any of this as I also feared dissapointing him or my mother.  This was conveyed to my mother, athough that was dismissed as it being a "ploy to avoid punishment, of course he would say that, why the hell would he not make up shit like that to try and make up for this?  As someone who has always considered suicide, nearly on a daily basis for the past year, after the eruption of many other troubles; I'm not sure what to do as I look at the future I've dissolved and what's ahead as suicide becomes an even more present thought.