Almost did it today. Stopped because I felt selfish, but still want to. Trapped. Angry. Gonna rant, maybe that will delay it more.The rush I felt when I realized I could do it was tremendous, almost an overwhelming joy. The fact that I could just get out so easily...I was going through the medicine cabinet trying to find something to overdose on. It's that easy. Cap off. Pills in the mouth. Swallow. Water, maybe juice because I like the taste. Then some waiting, then you're done. You sleep forever. So simple. No surprises.
 All I could find was aspirin and hydrocodone. The only thing, literally the only thing that stops me is guilt for the inconvenience of emotion and self-blame that other people would deliver upon themselves, like my family. They would blame themselves for my shortcomings, none of which are their fault. But their misunderstanding is the only reason I even consider stopping, but it's a damn strong stopper, bringing me to a screeching halt. But I hate living as this bastard that I am. Death would be of such relief. I could just never have to deal with anything ever again. Yeah, that's cowardly, but I'm a coward. What of it, I want to embrace it. I come here and post because I feel like maybe I should. Because that's what they say, they say "Get help". Maybe someone can talk to me.
 I couldn't think of anyone to text or call that I wouldn't be bothering, especially at 5 in the morning. Especially because people don't seem to take me seriously.
 Because complaining about this shit, about my life, just feels like I'm pining for attention. Or like I'm making a big deal out of nothing. Or feeling stupid and moronic because EVERYONE feels this way, EVERYONE fantasizes about their own death, it's oh so common. On the internet at least the people here come in because they want to hear about how awful you feel about yourself and tell you why you shouldn't feel that way. I feel like an ass the way I'm talking, but I'm just so angry at myself. I just want to let my nasty fucking self suffer by cutting off the life I don't deserve. Don't let me use up resources and air and things that other people need more than me. I have chosen to be a waste of life, and it's better that I get out quickly before I waste anymore upon the world. I distract myself from my thoughts by watching movies with a lot of sexual tension. Me? I'm kind of a slut, so I guess it makes me feel like I have something to relate to and laugh at and distract me instead of feeling like shit for all the other reasons I feel like shit. I pretend like I have a tough skin around a lot of people but the truth is I'm grossly sensitive and every criticizing word stings even when I know it's constructive and truthful. 
I could sit here and list all the various things I despise about me that I have struggled and failed to fix. For example, my enormous fucking ego that I hide by pretending to be humble all the time. Or the fact that I am lazier than anyone I know. Or that I'm completely average in basically everything I do, that in the things that I am "good" at, I haven't improved at in years and it's my own fault and I want to change it but fail to every day. I always need somebody holding my hand through everything I do, someone guiding me, and it's pathetic. Does it matter? Nope. Nobody in the fucking world will notice if I go away, on the grand scale I will be a blip, maybe I'll damage a couple people close to me but part of the reason I feel the way I do is because when I've tried to approach them they've failed me anyway. Or maybe I did it wrong. Maybe when I asked them for help I did it wrong. Maybe it was because I watered it down a little, to ease into it so they wouldn't think I was being melodramatic. I want my sinking ship to just ease into one final, sighing breath and plunge deeply into the ocean. A decrepit house collapsing with exhaustion, into the dust. Let me lay down my tired bones. I just want to disappear so badly. And I can't because it's inconvenient to other people. I'm so trapped. I want so badly to die and I can't because I don't want to hurt anyone, I just want to hurt myself. One of my friends committed suicide almost a year ago, and I saw how hard everyone took it even the people who didn't know him that well. I don't want anyone to care if I die because I don't deserve it, but they will anyway, and that's why it FUCKING SUCKS. Because I WANT TO FUCKING GET OUT AND I CAN'T BECAUSE I DON'T WANT ANYONE TO  SUFFER FROM IT EXCEPT FOR ME. FUCK. Fuck fuck fuck. I just want to do it. I just want to do it so badly and I keep stopping because people have money invested in me, maybe some feelings too, even if they don't know me but have convinced themselves they do. 