Why ought I be condemned to life?It has now been well over five years since I have started wandering in this barren desert of awareness. As time has dragged on I have lost all that made me vital and empowered - I am essentially hollowed out now. Bereft of passion, hope, dreams, courage, and energy, what remains? Though I have always been a solitary fellow, I presently have nothing more than scattered encounters with acquaintances and occasional meetings with the one good friend I have to keep me afloat. It is not enough. 

As I have deteriorated I have resorted to extreme measures to keep most people oblivious to my situation. Upon my shoulders rest absurd expectations of success, borne down by my family &amp; those who have known me well. Because in semblance I seem intelligent and possessing of great potential, it is assumed that not only I will actualize their hopes, but that I want to do so... I don't. Even if I believed the dubious proposition that I could achieve anything one could reasonably desire in life, I would still rather die, for I do not want anything from this life. 

As I am sure that many would suggest I am depressed, and ought to take medication or attend therapy before passing judgements or making decisions, I would note firstly that I have been attending therapy on a near-weekly basis for close to a year, barring a lapse between therapists. For some time I have had access to someone who offered the best therapeutic fit I could possibly hope for (a master therapist who observed one of our sessions concurred), and it only managed to decelerate my descent. Unfortunately, said therapist is no longer available, and I will be starting with a new therapist tomorrow, who though sincere will probably not be able to provide a comparable level of support or understanding. 

Towards medication I am in complete opposition for a multitude of reasons. Even if whatever existing neurochemical imbalances (assuming they exist) were resolved, and I did not suffer dire/inconspicuous side effects, I would still be wrought with the same thoughts that originally drove me onto this road. 

What are these thoughts? Primarily, that the fundamental futility of our existence is an inescapable, absolute truth. We create cultures, ideologies, and religions in a desperate attempt to avoid this truth, to defiantly scream that our lives have meaning and purpose, that forever after our demise there will still be life, and a legacy that will immortalize us in a small way, but it is a lie. Nothing persists. 

With this awareness eternally permeating one's consciousness, how can the volition to do things, to care, to LIVE survive? I derive no pleasure from the activities of our industrial society. All it has allowed me to do is stave off the worst of my thoughts and emotions through the use of this computer, but with it becoming woefully inefficate, I am now left to languish in these thoughts with little reprieve. 

Perhaps I could have been coaxed back into the delirium of our society some years ago, had I been exposed to the right people, if there still remained within me an irrational spark of hope, but now I am all too lucid and shattered. Probabilistically speaking, my prognosis is grim. I will always be an outsider who lives a lie, pretending that I believe life matters and that I should make something of myself with my time. As I crumble, my duplicity will be revealed. Even now I tread a fine line and live in constant fear of my parents becoming savvy to my situation. At this point I can hardly bring myself to complete a simple assignment, and my intellectual abilities have atrophied such that even when I do try to focus it is legitimately difficult. The day will come when I cannot hide my immense and ever-compounding failure. Should I really wait around for that to happen, when it will likely beckon my demise anyways?

From that line of thinking comes a dilemma that has burdened me for years. If I will inevitably, stunningly disappoint the people for whom I am living, shattering their vicarious dreams and hopes utterly, is it truly preferable to live? If I commit suicide, though those in my life will undoubtedly be devastated, it saves me from potentially decades of suffering and grief. On either path I will hurt those who care for me, so it becomes a question of magnitude. Even then, it must be acknowledged that regardless of the suffering others endure at my expense, they're dead at the end of the day too, so I question if it makes sense to care about the impact of my death at all.

So I ask of you, for I am genuinely curious: why ought I be condemned to life? Why should I endure the decades of emptiness and torture before my absolution in death, with the aforementioned thoughts kept in mind? For the time being I senselessly endure, but on my present course I will not last for as long as others might hope.

Thank you for reading. I realize that my thoughts are presented rather incoherently at best, and I have left a great deal unsaid, which will likely impair any discussion, but that I even managed to articulate something at all strikes me as a feat in itself.