Is being actively suicidal safe here?So Spez the admin just posted the transparency report which shows the number of requests this year for user information. There are Emergency Disclosure Requests which in his words are for "something like a suicide or bomb threat."

So if one of us were to say we are actively suicidal they could find us and send the police to hospitalize us. The thought of that creeps me out and brings new limits to me for reddit. I don't feel safe here anymore. It would make places like SanctionedSuicide, suicidenotes and suicidewatch insecure. suicide_methods has just been banned 6 hours ago. I was there just yesterday and now I feel so scared like I will have police knocking on my door any second for advising people on how they should leave. My paranoia is going through the roof. I feel too scared to stay on reddit. I'm not actively suicidal and I am in counselling but where else am I meant to go if I can't talk openly about suicide here? I suppose I don't have to talk about suicide methods but what do I do if I'm having a bad night and feel like dying. Hospital isn't always an option. Family and friends aren't an option. I'd come to reddit to rant and I know I'll feel better after but even that feels like it's being taken away from me. I'm upset.

Has anyone got any thoughts on this situation?

Edit: I posted this through my other account. My posts wouldn't show up with my usual account, but I could comment. Scared it's because of yesterday's suicide methods closing down and my many comments on it. This post came up the second I posted with a new account. Now I'm even more paranoid about this situation. All I did was get rid of links and change the title, didn't even change IP.

Edit: Thank you everyone, redditors and mods for your responses. Really have calmed me down. Didn't realise the admins cared about this place or had any interest in it. Feel relaxed knowing I can fully open up here. My other reddit account now works. My posts from yesterday still don't show up and I have no idea why but I'm not worried about it now.