Need a fair, non-judgemental opinionhi,

I've been suffering for depression for a while. I'm 20, turning 21 this year, and I've had depressiong along with anxiety disorder since I was in my early teens. My Mom and Dad split up when I was a kid, and my Dad was an absolute psycho before he got put on medication. He used to threaten to hang himself in front of us, used to try sexually harass my Mom after the divorce - and the night they divorced, he literally threw her and my Aunt out of the house. But he's a good man now, for the most part - and my childhood was okay, despite being the loner and having no friends in school at all.

I've been locked up in a psych ward two years ago. I'm also addicted to opiates, which I extract fromm poppy seeds. It's how I cope with my past and future. I've tried quitting so many times, and I'm planning on trying again shortly. I've been to detox three times, all last year, and I've done other things like attempt rehab (which failed miserably) and go on a Suboxone replacement therapy program.

After walking out on rehab last year, I was left to move up with my Mom.  had previously lived with my Dad, but he's tired of trying. The problem is, though, my Mom and step-Dad, her husband, are absolutely intolerable. I've tried to quit since moving in with them, but they won't let me discuss it or go to NA/AA meetings - otherwise they'd kick me out. They constantly yell at me for being "lazy", when in reality I think they're just angry, *angry* people. My step-Dad is absolutely maniacle. He constantly yells at me, morning and night, over the most trivial things - like not having a job.

Now I've been looking for a job, and I've even started a course, on top of using daily to avoid withdrawals since I can't quit. I thought I was doing alright, but I can't take the constant harassment. Whenever I mention it, they just tell me to "grow up" and "stop whinging", and for a while I believed I was just lazy. But I told my drug councellor the things they do to me, and he couldn't believe it. And I'm tired of their harassment.

On Christmas week, my Mom and I visited my Brother. Mom bought a USB so that she could save movies/tv series from my Brother's laptop and watch it on the TV. The next day my Dad and I organised for me to go see him for a week, during Christmas. I needed to pick up my clothes and laptop etc. from my Dad's place, so I suggested to Mom that I could also put my movies from my latop to her USB. Her response was her just yelling at me, saying that I shouldn't be watching TV and that I should be "out looking for work," even though I go out *every* day from 8am-6pm looking for work or doing my course. I retreated to my room after her outburst, and my step-dad, Al, came up and cornered me. He just started yelling at me about how I shouldn't be at Hungry Jacks buying food (I bought a $1 coke the other day), and that I'm lazy, and so on. I was having a panic attack at that point, and he just kept going. It was surreal. He forced me to go sit down with them rather than sit in my room in privacy.

I go down to see my Dad for Christmas, and my Brother shows  on Christmas eve, planning on sleeping in my room unannounced. I ask him what he's doing here, and after talking I conclude by saying "okay, well just leave me be - I want to watch some TV tonight and relax." My Brother just starts yelling at me, that I'm a piece of shit. And before I know it, he's throwing my on the ground and hitting me. I get up, shirt ripped, and say I was sorry and that it was rude. And he comes back and starts hitting me again. I wanted to leave for a walk, but he didn't let me. I later snuck out for a while that night and came back to see my Brother apologise at my Dad's request. Fair enough, maybe he was just drunk as usual. it was all over, so I thought...

I wake up the next day, on Christmas, to my Brother blarring music on my computer. I turn it down and go back to my bed, and he turns it up. 5 minutes later he barges into my room and asks me if I'm coming to see these two relatives with him and Dad. I hadn't been told about this for some reason, and I say no - considering what happened last night. I tell him that Dad and I can drive up and visit them another day. He didn't like that one bit - starts calling me manipulative and childish. This is coming form a person who has missed my 18th birthday, and every birthday since, missed seeing our Grandfather before he died, missed seeing every one of our Grandmother's birthdays for the last 3 years, missed Dad's birthdays and more. He even didn't want to walk down across the street to the cafe the day Mom and I visited him Christmas week; Mom had to bring him a meal. I tell him to leave me alone, and he starts beating me again.

I have to lock myself in a room, and briefly consider calling the Police. But instead I wait for Dad. Dad comes home, and they leave to see the relatives, not before my Brother screams that I'm a "selfish piece of shit". He later returned and just drove away to his home, so I didn't get to see him again.

When I come home to Mom and Al, the yelling starts again. Just the other day, I woke up at 6.50am, and I sat down to get dressed, eat breakfast and get ready for the day. at 7.20am, I'm sitting there watching morning News, when my step-dad, who's on Holidays, barges in and starts yelling at me for being at home. I ask him what the Hell he's talking about, and he goes on some insane tirade about how I should be out looking for work and "knocking on people's doors" (even though that's *illegal*). I go up and get dressed, and I'm absolutely fuming. I'm pacing around to calm myself down, and Al comes up and barges into my room, yelling at me more and more and more. I didn't even have time to explain to him that I had to wait for the bus to arrive (since my car was getting repaired). 7-goddamn-20. 

This is what it's like. And just a few days ago, my Mom started on me again because my resume on her computer didn't have a detail written down, which she asked me to do the other day. I told her I wrote the detail down on the public computers and saved the document online, but she didn't believce me, calling it "bullshit". I had enough, and I walked out with a jumper, wallet and phone. And since Saturday, I've been sleeping on the streets. My Mom hates me, my Dad is tired of me, and my Brother's just fucking insane. I don't know what else to do. I've been in a homeless shelter before, and I hate them. I honestly rather sleeping on a bench because I don't get to talk to anybody there. But I don't know what my next move is.

The reason why I'm posting is because I'm feeling suicidal again. I feel like there's no way out. I've tried killikng myself a few times by overdosing on opiates, but my tolerance is so high that is literally won't work. I've tried insanely high amounts, and it never works. I feel like there's no escape. And I need some - just *some* - validation that I deserve some human treatment. Because I'm tired of being told I'm nothing, and being treated like I'm not a person.

And just for reference, no, my Mom and step-Dad don't know I'm using. They think I got clean after I moved in with them. I tried getting clean, but couldn't do it after Mom yelled at me when I brought home a brochure on addiction for her. I'm going to see my councellor shortly and try jump on Suboxone and get a place to live, and I've cut down by like 1/3 of my dose in the past few days, which is good. 

I don't know. I need someone to read this and tell me I'm not totally insane.