On the outside, I have a pretty good life... Inside I'm dying.Graduated from college. In graduate school at a top 10 school for my field. About to graduate. 

Why am I so lonely? Why does every relationship with a girl I ever have always flame out? Why do my closest friends always end up screwing me over? If I was a good person, why do none of my exes want shit to do with me anymore? Some of them broke up with me, I broke up with some of them, but the clear answer is always me. I fuck up everyone. I take advantage of my family who is just trying to help me. I want to care about their lives but they live 500 miles away and I'm nothing like them. 

I always thought I was adopted growing up. I look nothing like them. My ideals are nothing like theirs. They tell me to read the bible if I'm sad. I never found anything in there that explained why I feel like I'm a detriment to society. If I died, people would be better off. I walk around and everyone I see is loved and better off alive than me. 

I live near the top of a high rise building and more and more lately, I've just had the urge to take the 2 seconds it would take to fling open the sliding glass door and leap off the railing without even thinking. 10 seconds and it could all be over and I'd never have to be alone again. I'd never have to feel pain again. I'd never have to hate myself again. 

I don't believe in depression. I don't believe that taking medication is the way to fix the way your mind thinks. I play basketball with some guys I know. I exercise. I generally am really normal. But for whatever reason, people don't like me and I don't make friends easily. I'm decent looking, but talking to women is impossible for me. I stay in my bubble when I'm nervous. The women I end up meeting are outgoing and pull me to them and then take advantage of me, and then I lash out back at them and this cycle repeats itself. I feel emptier and emptier every relationship that fails and I'm just over it. 

As time goes on and on, I realize more and more how meaningless this all is. What makes my pain and suffering anymore important than any of the other trillions of life forms on this earth or potentially on other planets far far away. My life is not some grand stage. Nobody is paying attention it. They cancel shows nobody cares about, don't they? Why shouldn't my show be canceled? I'm not normal. I'm not a big bang theory rerun that everyone is going to watch 5 times and love. I'm just self righteous asshole that thinks because he is smarter than most people than he is somehow more important than them too. Fuck that. Fuck me. Fuck this. 