My life is in ruins, my spirit has no fight left in it, and my ADD is back with a vengeance.My father was never a great man, nor even a decent man, but when he was there, it meant something. He walked out of my life, like so many others over the years, when I was around eight. When I was twelve, the parent I had left (my mother), turned to alcohol and copious amounts of drugs to quell her pain. Even at that young age, I knew it wasn't right. I watched her disappear before my eyes, over the years slowly evaporating. Her addictions consumed her by my fourteenth year, and the compassionate being I held so close to my heart was nothing but a faded memory of what once was. Even looking her in the eyes to this day makes my heart sob with agony. At eighteen, I lost the love of my life to my own insecurities, jealously, and problems the war that had been my life had left me with. We had been best friends for longer than three years, and had dated for the better part of that. I failed out of college my first time my spring quarter, a few quarters before I was due to graduate. I had spent a life long battle with a severe form of ADD (that went undiagnosed and untreated, due to my mothers drug habits I avoided any form of medication like the plague). The next fall I tried again, I paid for an entire quarter of school out of my own pocket, to insure my own motivation. (Still fighting untreated ADD) It didn't work. I failed out of school for the second time last fall. I fell into a deep depression. My heart only held agony and pain, and fear for what may never be. I finally sought help for my ADD, and I received it. It was like waking up from a coma that had been my entire existence. I looked around me, at my mother, at my broken life, at the hell that consumed my existence, from a new perspective of awareness. I realized that getting my ADD treated was just the beginning of undoing the chaos that had ensued up to this point. Only something insane could reverse all of this insanity. So I did something stupid, I conducted an experiment on some people I shouldn't have. I'll leave that alone, fore it left me emotionally stunted and i'm still paying for the consequences. And now, my ADD medication is no longer working, I've called my psychiatrist multiple times to no avail, and now I couldn't focus on a hydrogen bomb spiraling at me from out of the sky. I'm failing out of school again, because my medication stopped working. I'm isolated. I'm fighting every day against the living hell I created, and the living hell that consumed me far before my choices had any effect. I have no spirit left to fight. I have no will left to push. And I have no reason to want to. I'm not schizophrenic. I'm not a stalker. I'm not a malicious person with a cold heart. I am a boy who wanted help. I am a boy who wanted a hand to reach out and help me pull, that which I was no longer strong enough to move myself. Remember my name. Fuck you world. Seriously, fuck you.

- god-likenandworthyofpraise.