Am I justified?Please don't read if you're dealing with suicidal thoughts, following are the thoughts that are making my brain hurt and I want to talk to someone to help me understand these things.

I've been slowly going downhill for the past 3 to 4 years, the knowledge that I'll crash eventually takes its toll especially if nothing I do seems to fix it. I've tried changing numerous times, often times I had to spend more energy just to fix my past mistakes than focusing on future or even present (without going into details, the nature of my issue is that I cannot move forward without a decent past).

So I'm here with time running out to fix all those things. My whole life hinges on just one outcome which I know is not looking good at the moment. What do I want from life? A job that gets me through life, and someone to hug, literally anyone. But it's not looking good in either of those cases because of the expected bad outcome I talked about. So this is something I worry about.

Then there is this internal battle inside me : I've been suicidal for years now, that I'm sure of. Sometimes I get afraid I'll do something which makes me go look for help, so thankfully I'm still capable of rational thinking even if only handful of times. At the same time I'm thinking : am I really depressed or is it that I'm just lazy and blaming it on depression? Is it worth it to yell for help, ask for someone's time when they could be helping someone more in need than me? Should I be shouting hey I'm depressed, help me when I'm only just lazy?

My failings are not only affecting me but also people around me in a negative way, each failure hurts more than the last one, I know killing oneself is selfish and says that you don't care how it affects people around you but I'm in a position where I'm going to be a huge pain for a long long time, why shouldn't I just give one big bad news with confirmation that this was my last mistake? I understand that suicide still scares people around me for life, but not doing that still means they remember your every mistake for life, it's like 1+5 is same as adding 6 ones, or is it? Hope you get what I mean.

So far, it's been a chore lifting one step after another, just going on with my life just because I want to see what tomorrow holds. If better days come I'll be crushed with happiness, if not then I'll just have to take another step, but that has become frustrating as of late. Seriously I get so overjoyed over small doses of good news. Whoever you are reading this, in whatever position, I wish you all the joys there are, because I cannot imagine putting even my enemies through this pain.

  
