i figure someone here might relate. i guess i want someone to know how i feelI feel like I am valueless
So ignorant and stupid 
So incredibly pathetic
So useless, such wasted potential
If I ever had any potential at all
I hate nearly every aspect of my life
I hate my skin
I hate my bones
I hate my hair and teeth and smile and face
I hate my room. Incomplete and never clean. Even after I clear it up, it becomes hellish again. I can't keep up with anything 
I hate my dysfunctional family 
My dad and my mom and my brother
I can't truly talk to any of them
Can't make dad mad
Can't relate to mom
Can't understand my brother
I hate my inability to do anything worth mentioning
I hate my inability to write and I loathe my desire to write because of it
I hate my existence
How I have to wake up every day to another argument, somehow the same as the day before
The way I never seem to feel like I belong anywhere 
My closest friends, the majority would truly be just as fine without me
They all would be
I hate my voice and laugh and I hate thinking I could have ever been something significant 
I am nothing special
I am nothing to mention 
And I hate this world
I love this earth and I would love to just be a spectator 
This world is poison
I hate money and that no amount will ever seem sufficient 
I hate the fact we live and exist to harvest green papers that mean absolutely nothing beside what the earth was built to provide naturally 
I hate this damaged and horribly flawed structured existence we are expected to follow
I hate money
I hate so much and I'm sad so much
My life is black with white punctuation 
And recently I've only felt it becoming darker
I will never love
I can't deal with relationships. I'm not a romantic and I don't want someone to invest so much time in me 
I'm not worth their brain capacity and I don't want to be on their mind and I don't want anyone to worry about me because they're not going to fix anything
I have thought before how my family would be if I would die
Since sixth or seventh grade
I have wanted to spectate and see how my family would unravel at my death 
At how insignificant my absence would be overall
If someone missed me, my role would be overtaken at some point
I have been thinking that I have depression and lately it seems to be getting worse. Maybe it always has been. I hate my life. I hate being stuck in this human that I am. I am confined and swarming with hatred and what I can only describe as a raw sensitivity to sadness 
I keep thinking how it would be, saying "what if I just killed myself?" Or how I could
I visualize myself being killed in car accidents. Overdosing on something. Cutting myself open. Usually it's just the thought, "I don't want to be alive."
I don't want to be here. I have said that for so long and I still am. 
I'm not even crying right now. I'm not even at a depth and these thoughts still apply. 
My future is pointless. I have these empty, valueless, worthless, stupid dreams of having a beautiful large house, of being able to travel and go to Sweden and France and Ireland and everywhere. I have this ignorant, blind desire to make some people happy someday and it's all pointless. Out of reach. I have no skill and I have no motivation. I am a waste of space, a waste of potential, and I do nothing in my life that substantiates my existence here. I don't want to be here anymore. 
Thinking of ever creating my own family is a joke. I have none and I won't. I carry the weight of my family. I am the designated peacemaker who isn't capable of having problems of her own. I am the therapist that says nothing while absorbing the hatred and disappointment of everyone else. I'm supposed to be something special. I'm supposed to be smart and accomplished and something to be proud of. 
I am okay sometimes but my relapses into depression are coming in shorter gaps every time. It might be a permanent state of mind soon. Maybe my positive days are just empty optimism. 
I always thought I would die at a young age. That would mean to me within five years. I am 18. I could die today. 
I don't want to die and even more so, I don't want to live. I want to be a spectator or nothing at all. 
I don't want to be seen, acknowledged, or worried about. I want to feel better but I've been this way for so long. I feel like I'm at the bottom of a pit. 