Before you hurt yourself, please read this...My girlfriend had a hard time in high school. She had no friends and her family was distant and unsupportive. Her then-boyfriend was extremely abusive (beat her up and even raped her a few times) and she always covered it up and never told anyone. She felt like no one in the world cared about her or even knew that she existed or what she was going through.

I was always very interested in her, but I'm not exactly the handsomest guy, and I'm a little shy, so I never asked her out (also, she had a boyfriend, but... well, I thought he was a dick, so I didn't care... turns out he was). I just remember this awfully cute girl with long, brown hair and big, dark eyes sitting next to me in class everyday, almost always wearing skinny jeans and long-sleeved, baggy shirts, and how I would sneak looks at her all the time and wonder what it would be like to be with her. She never picked up on any of this, however.

I never knew why she always wore those loose, baggy shirts and those jeans in the sweltering Texas heat. I didn't know about the deep cuts on her wrists and her thighs, about how she cried herself to sleep every night, or about how she thought she was hideous and worthless. In my eyes, she was beautiful, smart, and interesting, and she always will be.
Well, the end of this story is that we went off to college, and more than a year later, she contacted me on Facebook. She had broken up with her boyfriend and remembered me saying some nice things to her. We ended up hitting it off, and we've been dating for more than eight months now-- eight of the best months of both of our lives.

It took six months or so before she opened up to me about her past, and she still doesn't like to talk about it much, but I hope that this helps some of you-- you may think that you're ugly or worthless, but I guarantee you that there is somebody out there who thinks you're the most amazing person in the world. They just may not know it yet.

My girlfriend once told me that she tried to kill herself back then, and just couldn't go through with it. It scares me to think that we might not have ever connected with each other, that we may not have ever had this period in our lives that is so filled with love, happiness, and joy.

TL;DR: if you're thinking about hurting yourself or killing yourself, don't do it. You're not just throwing away the life you have now, but you're throwing away the life you could have in the future. Think of all that wasted potential! Think of everything that could be, all the beauty and wonder in a life. Life is beautiful. You are beautiful. Please don't destroy that in a moment of pain.