Finally typed out my note. Gonna write it tonight when I get home.To Mom: I love you. You are not a failure of a mother. You have done so well raising Michael and I. You are the best mother anyone could ask for and I wish I could’ve been like you one day. Please do not mourn. Please do not think it’s because of anything you did because it absolutely isn’t. I love you so much, please get married to John. He’s a very sweet guy and treats you better than Dad ever could. 

To Michael: I wish we had a better relationship growing up. I’m glad we got closer but I often felt like I was just the annoying pest of a little sister. I didn’t know what I did. I know I could be annoying but I didn’t always mean to do you wrong and for that I’m sorry. I wish I could’ve been a better little sister. You were always a cool guy. 

To Trevor: I’m sorry things had to end like they did. At least you got mad and blocked me on a lot of things so that way you wouldn’t care about me anymore. I guess I’m sort of glad they ended up like this. Maybe you won’t read this, but I still care about you. I hope you find your dream girl. 

To TJ: you are the love of my life. You made me so happy all the time and you made me feel loved, made me feel euphoric. Please don’t do anything rash. Please don’t do what I did. I hope you go through life to be successful in everything you do. Please try to stop the drug stuff. 

To my pets: I love you guys dearly. I hope you guys get treated well by my dad after I’m gone. Don’t miss me too much. Maybe we will play and smile in heaven one day, all of us together. 

To all my friends: I love you guys so much. Thank you for keeping me in your lives and giving a damn about me. It meant a lot to me. 

To Dad: I wish we had a better relationship. I’m sorry I was such a shit daughter who only knew how to disappoint. I wish you made an effort too. I don’t know what it’s like to have a father to be close with and I wish I had that. You always made me feel like shit and I wish things weren’t like that. If only I could say “fuck you” in a kind way, but I don’t know how. You probably won’t notice I’m gone anyway because I’m usually out of the house all the time anyway. You just won’t see me anymore.