I'm about to fail at lifeI don't even know where to begin but I just wanted to let this out. In May of this year I got accepted to this program at a private college. Everyone was excited for it but me and my classmates soon realized, this college didn't give a shit about anyone. They were just a bunch of money grab people who charged excessive amounts of tuition feeds (50k) for a shit delivered condensed program. The "teachers" aren't exactly teachers and can't teach for shit, etc. They make you take like 9-10 courses and pile 5-6 midterms within a week with 2-3 hours of course content for each class. On top of that, there is an assignment, quiz, test every single day for a course. Basically, it's a lot. But 2 weeks ago until last week Friday, we had 5 midterms. 

Naturally, everyone is studying and what not but I have issues that make it hard for me to study. Firstly, my parents have invested everything into this so I'm super stressed about failing and letting them down. I'm not sure what would happen if I did get kicked. Second, I have insomnia which makes it hard for me to sleep. My sleep schedule is all over the place. Third, the course content isn't exactly easy and we have about 8 hours of classes and then studying. Most people are also far away from home so you gotta take cleaning, cooking into consideration. But during that midterm season, I had to cram my content in because I also have memory issues from antidepressants (take them for depression, OCD and anxiety). I would sleep 3-4 hours a day and study for 18-20 hours constantly for about 2 weeks. I'd try to pay attention in class but sometimes doze off from how tired I'd get and drift and in and out of consciousness. 

Yesterday I got an email from the head of the program that she wanted to talk to me about me basically being afk during classes. I'm gonna explain my situation to her but I'm afraid she's going to kick me out of the program. My parents would murder me if that were to happen and it's just negatively impacting my mental health right now. If I do end up getting kicked, I might just disappear and eventually die but yea. Just wanted to let this out to some random people. Thanks for reading.

TL;DR: Program might kick me out. Life falling apart. Contemplating death