One Month.It's been agonizing.  The stress, the unhappiness, the confusion. It's crazy how when you come to a conclusion how everything kind of melts away. 
No matter how this ends, I feel like I will be happy. 
I've done extensive research in regards to my faith, I don't think I'll go to hell for it.

My decision starts here.
09/13/11

The month, day, and year I made the worst conscious decision of my life. To abort my first, and only child. I am not 22. The decision still haunts me to this day. 
I hate everyone who supports such an awful thing. To deny someone of life. 
Things were bad then, and have only gone down since then.
I'm now 22.

Now for my decision. I decided that on the 13th of this month (August) I will begin my journey to better my life. 
I will give myself one month, until the day of my child's death to feel good about my life, and turn my life around.

If I cannot. If things do not improve. I will take my life. 
I've gone through extensive planning. 

Today (the remainder of) I will finish writing my plans, and decorate a journal I will keep to document my time.
Tomorrow, the 12th, I will clean my room, and pack everything I own away in boxes to keep the burden off my father and mother as best as I possibly can. 

I know that if I fail, they will hate me in death, as I have coaxed them to do so in life. However, they only pity me. 

I'm unhappy.
So many things have made me such. 
Despite my depression, which has such a tight hold on my life.  I'm tired of fighting, so let this be my final fight. 

I currently suffer from clinical depression and manic depressive disorder, as well as anxiety due to depression. I anxiety linked to agoraphobia, un officially diagnosed (they weren't sure, thought it was delusional disorder because of my "made up" delusions about my body, so why not lump everything together?)
Which makes it extremely difficult to go outside. I get anxiety attacks, black out. etc. 

My goals for this month are to:
See a doctor
Start medication
Regular Exercise
Work on my stream

I have to do these things alone. Why? I have no one. No, I don't have anyone.  No "What about a friend", no "Ask your parent" no  "Siblings?" No. Even if I went to a family member, it's always the same. "I can't take the time off work.", "Oh, it'll pass", "Oh, it's all in your head.", "When will you stop faking?" 
I have guys who would do it for me, however they expect a fuck, or me to be their girlfriend in return.
Currently I'm talking to a past lover, however I don't want him to feel this is his fault, or make him feel any type of way. He never understood my condition before, he won't now. 

Anyways.
Small, but it will be the decider. 
It's amazing how peaceful I feel, coming to this conclusion. 
I will keep the forum updated. Godspeed.