Laughing at the thought of dying.About 4 years ago, I dropped out of university due to crippling depression. I no longer cared about school, my health, my life, nothing. Fast Forward now: Working full time as a graphic designer and taking 3 to 4 community college classes to get my associates degree. 

No friends. No love interests (Even kind of tired of women.). All of my family is useless in having someone to talk to except my Uncle in Law, however, he's not good with this sort of problem. Father ignored me as a kid, mother left and jumped back into my life 3 times until ultimately for good. I'm having to reparent myself every day. Overweight, almost no confidence, barely making enough to survive, find everyone im surrounded by annoying because they seem to lack life perspective or character. This doesn't make for a good social life. My life is a very lonely one. I live alone, go to the movies/out to eat alone. BUT it's comfortable. 

At this point, all I do is hate my job during the day (I know it could be a lot worse), get home, play World of Warcraft, read very deep books before I go to sleep, rinse repeat. 

But it wasn't until today, that I thought about myself dying, and smiled/even had a welcoming feeling towards. I'm not afraid of it at all. Because ultimately, I could live without living. I mean, ultimately I don't have much going for me. I don't enjoy my life all that much, and im too much of a self conscious, fat, introvert, coward. 

Yes I could network. Yes I should exercise and eat right. Yes I should break out of my anti social shell. Yes I should take more risks. And I have. That's why I have the job/apartment/care I have. But it's not enough for me to be scared of losing.

Lately I have thought about suicide in this subconscious and objective manner. I don't necessarily want to kill myself. But I'm sure that fantasizing about it can't be good. 

I'm sorry about this jumbled wall of text. My biggest is flaw is not being able to write well or articulate my thoughts.

Not necessarily looking for answers. But I'd like to know what others think about it.