Finally got a diagnosis.Bipolar II and ADD. Explains a lot. I'm 22 years old and have been fighting depression for half my life now, but I only started to pursue help for it when I was 18. I've done therapy and medications, but those were targeted strictly at depression. Nothing really helped; after getting my depression diagnosis, I changed my lifestyle, losing a ton of weight and exercising while getting a great job and doing well in school. Even then, I struggled with constant suicidal ideation and loss of will. It was so frustrating, feeling like I was doing all the right things and still having such a hard time. 

Eventually, I felt there was no point to everything I was doing and kind of gave up. I started staying in, cutting off friends, drinking and smoking constantly and gaining a lot of weight again. I know now that that was in part due to my medications not helping. Depression medications don't usually do a lot for bipolar. It helps for a while, but sloughs off sharply. I'd feel on top of the world for a week or two and then go right back to dreading life, to trudging through for no reason other than because my parents said I should. 

They're really the only reason I'm still here. I know how much it would hurt them if I died. They've done so much for me and don't deserve to have to put up with someone as stupid and worthless as me. My brothers, too. I love them so much and want to give them the world, but I just feel like they would have a far better time if I wasn't here, taking up space and resources, wasting everything I'm given. 

My friends tell me I'm nice. They say I'm important. My one friend calls me Wendy because I take care of all my friends, all my lost boys. I don't see it that way, though. If anything, I just inject myself where I'm not needed or wanted, complicating things and fucking them up. 

I'm not Wendy. I'm not anybody. I'm a lost boy. I'm lost. I'm lost. 

I'm lying in bed right now, wallowing worthlessly and listening to fucking Bright Eyes, avoiding sleep even though I know I'll regret it when I have to get up for work in four hours. I went to a friend's house tonight with my lost boys and it was a good time, but on the ride home (where I DD'd) I got into a fight with my drunk roommate. He was being an asshole to me, but I was angry and he was unreasonable since he was drunk. I said a lot of things I regret, even though I know it wasn't that bad. It was so embarrassing, though, arguing in the car while my other friends awkwardly tried to placate us. 

I don't want to talk to him tomorrow. I tear up just thinking about it. Worthless tears. I've been tearing up all day, at the slightest inconvenience, at the tiniest thing. Stupid. Stupid. 

When we got home I came inside and gave all my medications to my brother. I had to wake him up to do that, which made me feel shitty, but I couldn't have access to them tonight. I'm fucked up. I'm fucked up. I'm sick and stupid and today I learned I have bipolar II and ADD, but those are just excuses to fall back on, a bullshit rationale to explain to people why I'm shitty, why I'm mean, why I can't do anything right. 

I don't know what I want. I don't want anything. I want nothing. I want nothingness. I want to go to sleep and not wake up. I want to not have to dredge through another goddamn day. I want to not cry over stupid things, to not argue, to only feel love and not loathing. I want to feel nothing. I want to be nothing. I don't know what I want. 

If I go to the hospital I won't have to go to work tomorrow. If I go to the hospital I can't kill myself. If I kill myself I won't have to go to work tomorrow. If I go to the hospital I have to explain things and talk about myself and confront my own inherent shittiness. 

If I kill myself, who's gonna take care of my puppy? 

When I got her just a few weeks ago, I cried and cried and held her in my arms and told her how much I'd love her, how I'd give her a good life, the best life, how she was gonna grow up and never know pain and be so happy, so carefree, just have the best fucking life. I want that for her. Who's going to make sure she gets a good life? Why did I get her when I knew all along I'd kill myself, most likely sooner rather than later?

I wish I hadn't given my brother the pills. I wish I had them. One time when things were ugly, I took thirteen of them from the bottle. One, two, three pills in my hand. It seemed too few. They looked so small, so lonely. Four, five, six, seven. Eight, nine, teneleventwelvethirteen. Thirteen pills sitting in my palm. I looked at them, small and round and white, and I was afraid but it felt so nice, thinking that if I took them all, if I just popped them in my mouth, washed them down and waited, I could go to sleep and not wake up. I put them in my mouth, ran my tongue over each one. I looked around for my water bottle and felt my phone buzz. My friend was asking me for the digital download code for a record I'd bought that I already had a digital copy of. Tigers Jaw, the self-titled album. The one with the pizza on it. I was so annoyed at her. Didn't she know she was interrupting? 

I spat out the pills. I found the code and sent it to her. I put the rest of the pills in my desk drawer and went outside for a little while. I brought my guitar. Sat under a tree near my dorm and played Tigers Jaw songs. I still feel weird listening to them. 

My sleep schedule is so fucked up. My psych guy prescribed me sleeping pills when I was in a manic phase and hadn't slept in three days. My mom picked them up from the pharmacy and brought them to my dorm for me, which was nice of her. I threw them away. I couldn't have them. If I so much as opened the bottle, I'd down them all. I'd do that right now if I had them. I can't have those. I can't. 

That's what's so fucking dumb. I want to not be here. I don't want to die, I just want to not be. I hate myself. I have the means to die. I'm a coward. 

Am I going to be like this forever? If I live, I mean. Hypothetically. Will I always be suicidal? It's been 11 years. Will it be 11 more? Will it be infinitely more? Maybe I'll get some new medications now that I have this diagnosis. Maybe I'll get on some good shit and I'll start to be happy and like myself and like life, like living, like everything enough to find my own reasons for living outside of pure obligation. 

I wish I was high right now. I used to smoke a lot of weed, but that was during a rebellious period when I refused to take my medications. It worked pretty well for me, actually, but things got really bad at one point and I gave it up to try and get my life back on track. I started on the meds again. Every time I smoked while on the meds, I'd have a great night, but the next week would be a depressive hell. I wish I was high right now. I'd love to step out of this headspace, leave my worries and suicidal thoughts behind, stop feeling all this bullshit and just feel nice, relaxed, pleased. God, I wish I was high right now. 

Where do I go from here? Do I go to work right now? Do I sneak into my brother's room and steal my pills back? I would do it the cowardly way. Pills. I don't want to feel anything. I thought about the car trick, but I don't have a garage. I dream of car crashes. I'm begging for one. I want nothing more than to swerve away from a deer and lose control on a corner, to smash into a guardrail and be ejected from the driver's seat, to briefly know true pain and then know nothing. Single-car crash. I refuse to take anyone with me. If it's a car crash, maybe they'll think it was an accident. 

I have a song stuck in my head now, thinking about that. A Song for Patsy Cline by The Wonder Years. 

*They'll think the ice cracked at the lake.*

*They'll think a tire blew out and a car crashed on the interstate.*

I cried when I saw them play that live. I'm glad I got to see them. I'd wanted to for years and I finally did and it was everything I wanted. On the drive home I hoped so badly for a car crash because I was happy and that way I could die happy instead of morose and despondent and stupid and guilty. 

This is pointless. Why am I here? Attention? Catharsis? A bit of both, maybe. When I was 16 I wrote a suicide note that doubled as a will. I'm considering finding it. I had it saved to my desktop for a long time. I don't know when or why I deleted it. I'd have to add a lot of things. New people to apologize to. New things to give away. More stuff to say sorry for. 

Have to find a good home for my puppy. 

I love her too much. She's the only thing keeping me here. She's sleeping in her crate and she has no idea how much I love her, how important she is. I want to snuggle her and cry over her and hold her tight, but she's asleep and I don't want to cry. My roommate could probably hear it through the wall and then would make a big stink about it. 

I hate this. I hate myself. I want to move out and drive to the beach in my dad's truck, the big ugly one he loaned me for the week while my car is in the shop, want to drive there at 2am and get there at 5 and see the sunrise, get a big coat and fill it with rocks Virginia Woolf-style and walk into the sea and keep walking. Last thing I'll see is the sunrise on the ocean. It sounds so nice. It sounds really really nice. It also sounds kind of hilarious in a fucked up way. Walk into the sea and keep walking.

This is a rant, even for me. I mean, I ramble in everything I do, but wow this is all over the place. I fell asleep while typing it up last night and I just woke up, miserable and bleary-eyed and under caffeinated. Hello from 7am, here at the 3-hours-of-sleep club. I thought for a moment that maybe I'd feel better today, that I'd read this over and not feel as much as I did last night. Nope! I feel it! I still wanna die! I'm committed, at least. First thing I've ever committed to, coward that I am. 

.... And that's not even true, I'm not committed. I'll never fucking do it; at least, I don't think I will. As stupid as it is, it'll fuck things up for other people. Apparently. I know I wouldn't fucking miss me, but whatever. I've never been empathetic enough. Apparently some people like me. I need to try harder to change that, I think. Maybe start acting like an asshole and push them off. Throw out my phone or exclusively text criticisms. I went through my contacts the other day, trying to find someone else to invite to my brother's DnD game since someone dropped at the last minute. Half the names in there are people that now hate me and 85% are of people I've let down in some capacity. What a depressing ride that was. 

I just started listening to Bright Eyes recently and there's a part in the song Let's Not Shit Ourselves that I first heard while at work. I work in a book warehouse pulling orders for their website. It's an okay job. I get to listen to music all day which is great. Lonely, though. I have a casual nodding relationship with most of my coworkers but I don't think any of us will be friends. Anyway. I first heard Let's Not Shit Ourselves while working and this verse came on and I was deep in one of the stacks looking hard for a certain book and I lost my place and just listened, just felt it. It's this one:

*Well, I awoke in relief.*

*My sheets and tubes were all tangled weak from whiskey and pills,*

*in a Chicago hospital.*

*And my father was there, in a chair, by the window, staring so far away.*

*I tried talking, just whispered, "...so sorry...so selfish..."*

*He stopped me and said, "Child I love you regardless*

*and there's nothing you could do that would ever change this.*

*I'm not angry. It happens. But you just can't do it again."*

That's how it would go for me, I think. If I lived. If I didn't live, who cares? That sounds more and more appealing. 

But I'm awake now. I fed my puppy. She's eating and looking up at me, so grateful, so chipper. Always happy. I envy her for that. I have to go to work and the very idea of that has me on the verge of tears. 

But I'll go, I guess. I'll endure. I have to. For my puppy. For my parents. My brothers. My lost boys. They won today. I don't know that they'll always win, but they won today. 

Sorry about this. I spent too long typing it to delete it, but if y'all just ignore it, I think that'd be for the best. 