I find it impossible to look forward to anything.I've pretty much had it with this life. Nowhere can I find any solace, or even any semblance of peace of mind.

I really don't know how to think positively anymore.

At home, everything is in shambles. Coming of from a lower-middle class family, we have a hard time trying to make ends meet. We're in massive debt, thanks to all the things we had to do in order to be able to pay our monthly utility dues. Both my parents don't have regular jobs, through I really can't blame them for that since they're both old. Because of this, they often snipe at each other, and these sniping sessions usually end up with my mom and dad yelling at each other. My dad 'bullies' my mom quite a bit, and my older sister takes it as her responsibility to side with my dad/help bully my mom.

My older sister, who's on her late 20's, has long since stopped college. Not because we can't pay her tuition (there was a time, when my parents had regular paying jobs; we were better off then), but because she's been in college for about a decade, and now she's too lazy to finish. Now, she's just lying around in our house, not fucking doing anything to help out or whatever. She just bosses me around.

I, on the other, am in my second year of college. I am quite proud that I am in one of the top universities in my country via full scholarship, which means that my parents don't have to pay for anything. In fact, this college is so expensive that I probably won't be able to study in this school if I didn't get the scholarship. Because of this, fitting in can sometimes be hard (difference in social statuses and whatnot). Academically though, I am pretty well off. But then again, a track in the humanities probably doesn't bode well for my future, considering that since my parents are both semi-retired, and since my sister isn't doing jackshit to help us, soon as I graduate I'm probably gonna be the one who has to take care of everybody else, while slowly paying off all the debts we have accumulated.

School is also shitty. Well, okay. I have amazing friends. But since they all come from well-off families, none of them know what kind of shit I have to go through.

Add to this the fact that I may have fallen in love with one of them. I'd love to try and see if she'll like me back, but I don't know where to begin. How do I ask out someone who already has everything, knowing full well that I can't even buy myself a decent pair of shoes? I can't even go the other route (charisma), because I am fucking droll. And I can't even try to be poetic and shit because she's fucking better at me in everything. I wanna give up, because I know fully fucking well that we'll never be together, but it just sucks. 

Life at home sucks. So is life at school. I have a ton of stuff more I want to say, but I can't seem to organize my thoughts. I really really just want to end everything. Help, maybe?

