My entire life is ahead of me but I don't want itAt the time of writing this I'm going on three weeks unemployed. I wasn't fired, I quit. So it's not like I was particularly hard done by or anything. I guess I'm in the middle of a gap year, which has consisted of staying at home and trying to save up enough money to go to university. But I have become kind of stuck. I quit my job because it made me miserable. I don't know if that's even a reasonable excuse anymore. Doesn't everyone hate their job? I don't know. 

My biggest concern now is getting another job. The problem, I guess, is that I don't want to. I know that's the most entitled thing. I know. But it's not like I want to stay at home doing nothing either. It's more like I just don't want to do anything. And if you don't want to do anything, what's the point in continuing really? I'm a burden on my parents. My dad works so hard and this is what he gets. He's spent so much time and money on me to help me be happy and successful and it's all amounted to nothing. I've always been a horrible daughter. For all 12+ years of my schooling I would fight so hard against going to school. It wasn't trying to be difficult, I was anxious and overwhelmed by everything. Things would be alright for some time and then I would just up and stop going to school for weeks or months at a time. It's a miracle I graduated high school. So it's not like this is a new thing. I have struggled to function my whole life. If I couldn't go to school how am I going to hold onto a job? At my last job I lasted five months before going crazy and quitting because I couldn't take it anymore. I can do that now because I live with my parents, but what about in the future? How am I going to make it on my own? All I can see for my future is freeloading off my parents forever and I'd rather die than do that. 

I guess my biggest problem after all that is that I can't go outside. Like the other day I went to the library. We were outside in the car and I just couldn't go in. Sometimes I think I'd like to go for a walk but then I realise I can't do it. I get so anxious. Although sometimes I wonder if I'm not really anxious and just making it up, because I don't really get the physical symptoms other than blushing and sweating. I've never had a panic attack, even in my worst moments. Sometimes I think I'm just making this all up as an excuse to feel sorry for myself. In any case, I haven't gone anywhere in the last two weeks besides appointments and grocery shopping with my dad. I don't go anywhere by myself. I can't drive, so I couldn't even if I wanted to. I got my learner's because all it required was a short written test, but I still don't have my driver's because I'm so scared of driving. I don't see myself ever being able to do it. When I go out I'm unbearably self conscious, I feel so ugly that I don't even deserve to show my face. I feel disgusting, not just my face but my body, my teeth, my personality, how I am as a person. 

My teeth. oh my god. From the ages 13-17 I was pretty hard core bulimic. The result is that at 18 my teeth are yellow, sort of see through, and chipped at the edges. And they hurt sometimes too. It makes me feel so hopeless and stupid because I did this to myself, and now I have to live the rest of my life like this. How am I supposed to talk face to face or smile without people noticing my fucked up teeth? It's a very noticeable part of your appearance. Add to that an impacted eye tooth, so my smile is all lopsided because I have an adult tooth on one side and a baby tooth on the other. The only solution as per my orthodontist is $7200 worth of braces, which I'll have for two years. Like I want to bring even more attention to my teeth. I don't know if it's the tooth or what but in that area I constantly have this dull ache that shoots up into my head giving me half a headache all the time. I don't have insurance anymore so it will be my dad footing the bill which makes me feel even worse. As if I'm not enough of a pain now he has to drop 7200 dollars on me. Fucking hell, that's the cost of a year at university. Not to mention that if I go through with the procedure I'm sort of obligated to stay alive for a long time because it would be pretty terrible to kill myself after he spent that much money on me. I don't feel as bad about spending money on university because at least that;s money I earned myself. EVERYONE I see has perfect white teeth, even the people at my old job which was adults working for just over minimum wage, so it's not like they have a very high income level. What's my excuse? That I threw up every day for 4 years? 

The throwing up stopped but the binging continued, and I gained weight. Not a ton, maybe 10 pounds, but that's quite a lot when it's all fat. I eat until I'm sick and in pain because it's one of the only things that makes me feel good. Isn't that the most pathetic thing you've ever heard? I've tried to stop many times but it never takes. I'm not overweight now but in a year? Ten years? I'm going to be one of those 400 pound people you see on tv. Yes there are overweight people who live normal lives but combined with me already not being to leave the house as it is? Yeah, I can see it easily, and like I said there are some things worse than dying. 

I know I sound endlessly whiny and pathetic and self centred, which I am. But most of all, maybe, I'm just too tired to keep trying, to keep going on like everything is okay when it's not, when it hasn't been, and it won't be. For as long as I can remember it's been so hard just to keep up with what I'm expected to do, to do normal things, just to live. I am seeing a therapist, in fact I've seen many therapists and taken many different medications over the years. It hasn't helped, or maybe I never let it help me. The first time I remember wanting to die I wasn't much older than nine. These days I'm thinking I wish I had gotten what I wanted then. Over the years the feeling has never gone away, only subsided for periods of time. That's how it is; things get better for a time and then go right back to where they were. I've been told many times by my dad and all sorts of therapists that anxiety is something that never really goes away, that you need to work on it for the rest of your life. If that's the case then I'm not interested. I don't have the energy or the will to deal with this for the rest of my life. I'm too weak to die and I'm too weak to live. Thanks if you actually bothered to read this.