i'm transgender and there's no point in life for meSo I think I'm going to start off with how I feel right now. Right now, I feel like no one cares about me. People are embarassed to be seen with me - as they rightfully should be. i'm a freak. just look at me. just a boy trying to be something he isn't. I don't have tthe body. I don't have the face. I don't have feminine features, I don't act like a girl, I don't talk like a girl, I don't move like a girl. There's literally nothing about me that's feminine except for my self perception. And it's killing me. i want this so bad to work, but I know it won't. So what becomes of my friends and family? Will they eventually shun me because I'm too different? I already see it. I already see it in all of them. It's going to get too weird eventually, and people aren't going to want to see me anymore. The ONLY reason people even hang out with me now is because my boyfriend is forcing them too. 

I'm not entirely convinced he loves me either.
I'm not entirely convinced he finds me attractive in the slightest.
I'm not entirely convinced he won't leave me once he meets a real girl.
I'm not a real girl.
I never can be and I never will be.
Hormones will change the body fat, but not the chromosomes.
Surgery will change my genitals, but they won't be real.
I can live my life as a woman, but people will see me as a man.
Because that's what I am.
A man.

Why don't you just kill yourself and save everyone the trouble of making everyone pity you with your existance? Why don't you just end it now and save your boyfriend from hating himself later in life because he's married to a disgusting, manly tranny? I hate myself. I hate everything about myself. I'm a liar. I'm a theif. I'm too emotional. I think I'm just the fucking greatest at everything. I shit talk everyone, and when they come back at me, I act like they don't have the right. I'm not talented, I never have been. I overexxagerate every one of my achievements. i'm misspelling words right now. Because I'm an idiot. I'm an idiot who dropped out of school because I wanted to kill myself because of bullying in the 6th grade, and I never got an education. My education ends at 6th grade level. I'm an idiot. I am an idiot.

Your boyfriend doesn't love you. Why would he?
Why would he ever?
Your friends hate you.
Why else would they look so uncomfortable with your existence?
Die.
Just end it.
Fuck you.
I hate you.

There's something horribly wrong with me. Something must have messed up during my inception, because nothing I do or say comes out right. All my jokes feel forced. I'm a loner. Alone. You're always going to be alone. Nothing you do is right. You were alone then, and you're alone now.

More alone than you've ever been.

Just look at you.

Pathetic.

I want to die.

I need to die.



Help.