I want to die and I don't want to die at the same time.Well, yes. I really really hate my situation. I'm 20, had a pretty shitty life so far, not much to enjoy except maybe a pretty good social life, but that's it, I'd say. No remarkable achievements, family problems all the time, got into some really shitty relationships that always backfired terribly and constant stress and despair. Nowadays, I've gone abroad for studies. I really love the new country I moved to, but there's no way I'll be able to finish my degree(it's too hard and to be fair it's not what I want to do with my life), which is a bit of a problem. My family made it pretty clear that I have only one chance for studying abroad, which will obviously go to shit soon enough. And if it does, I'll lose any kind of support from my family, including the obviously most important one, which is the financial support. That means I'll have to return to the depressing excuse for a city from the hopeless shithole of a country that I'm from, do a bachelor's there in one of the disgustingly shitty universities with a very narrow range of choices. And I don't want that, I swear I'd rather fucking die then go back there.

But on the other hand, I'm 20, goddamnit. There's so many things I want to do throughout my life, so many things worth living for. I want to travel to places, meet new people and cultures, fall in love(I mean properly, unlike until now), get married, and so on. You know, the things in life(because I'm aware that, while I didn't get to enjoy almost none of them, there are a lot of beautiful things that can make life great). I seriously want to live long just to get to do all those things, plus many many more. 

But what can I do about it? When I left my homecountry a few months ago, I was so happy that I didn't have to live there anymore. Seriously, that place sucks. And I just can't conceive going back there again and have fights with my family every day, all while having to live in that shitty, soon-to-be-collapsing economy. No, that's not gonna happen. If it reaches to that, I'll just end it all and die at 20, knowing that there was nothing else I could do to fix my life.