Seeking answers?Life's a bitch! That's right I'm not lying about it... I'm a low point in my life yet again. However there's been plenty of those points. So to anyone who's interested here goes a dark story.

To say it started exactly 4 years ago when I tried to take my life would be a lie... though its clear to me that that experience only broke me further.

I've moved far too many times in my past, even countries with similar cultures. Especially when I was still a child or a teen, I've been striped from roots and had to start all over again. Saying goodbye to friends and foes alike. 
During these days I had to deal with discrimination and unnecessary hate, violence and a pritty bad war of the roses. 

Choosing between parents sucks. So I tried to make it out between the country I was born in and the county that treated me like shit. Retrospectively that latter country still was the place I had the best friends... Well anyway... I stayed with my father. Big mistake! Thought he'd really go dry after he almost lost his life driving under the influence.

Back in my home country, I stayed at my grandparents place a lot, as my father worked during the day but drank in the evening in some pub. Really gotta skip I view things here but essentially, I got my life going again, viewer friends but my grades still looked well! Yay! They were so good I could even receive education. However moving up was yet again.. a mistake.

The new class didn't like my introverted personality and picked on me quickly. As I was used to getting beaten and loosing myself to anger in the past, I was trying to hold myself back. I did.
Having stress at home with a drunken dad and a horrible school day plus me missing mother, I quickly dropped grade-wise.

The thing about my grandparents. So I grew up with them a lot and they looked out after cousin now and then. A person I thought I could trust until he molested me a view times... Which obviously nobody believed. Something that contributed to my attempt 4 years ago

My first break down: it came from father, who told me ever so often how weak and quiet I have become and how he'd rather be dead than to be something like me. Yet I couldn't bring myself ever to hate him, even until this day somehow. However, it traumatised me to see him half dead on the stairs when he got home drunk a night. He told me he'd slow it down and going sober. Great! When he started the same routine 6 weeks later I couldn't take it anymore and left him, moving to my mother! Moving countries yet again. 

It'd only last a year. I was 17 and in that country already done with the obligatory amount of school years. Not quite adult tho! My father still had the custody for me and ruined my life even there. Anyway I started trying some drugs, but my sister and her bf hit it harder than me. I could retain myself. I saw the danger in it. Knowing the pain that I got rid of, was only gone temporarily. MDMA felt like heaven, not gonna lie. 

So I went back after I couldn't get a grip and got sabotaged by my own father. At least I got a decent education when I was "home".

(fuck my messy life is complicated to wrap up and this is getting long) 

Regardless, I had my first gf, moved in with her and we broke up after 2 years living together, because... well... I realised something was wrong with me. She was great and all, but I couldn't get intimit very often. Probably the molestations aftermath. My heart ached, yet I felt so numb. I knew people mattered to me and I could laugh, but I can not feel at the intensity I used to. Still got barley anything moving within chest to be honest

This thing that happened apparently had bigger impact on me and I needed to come clean. I spoiled it already I know. Nobody believed my molestation and my own grandmother ripped heart out. This wasn't what threw me of however. . 

THE BIG DEAL AND WHY YOU SHOULD READ THIS

So you got some insight now or you skipped, both is fine but thanks for taking the time if you did in fact take your time.

Now. It was a good evening. I worked at father's place like many times. It was a kiosk with bar and after my shift I thought I could use a drink too. After serving father and his girlfriend. We played darts and everything seemed well. Until we thought we should go to their place. We played darts there too and continued drinking. Only problem is that I get really depressed when I hit a certain point. 

So I wanted to talk about some stuff he said to me in the past and defended my mother when they both tried to argue with me like so many sleepless nights... It ended with me shouting at them and crying while I walked home. That's when the voice in my head got loud and finaly convinced me to do it. For real! No pills like last time. So after crying for hours I started the process. Fuelled myself up with the spare booze so I'd feel less about the cut. Got a razor blade out and cut my right arm open, held the not so minor wound under flowing water and let it go for a while. I fainted! Not sure for how long but I had a vision... A vision I wouldn't ever be able to let go. Yet another mistake. A mistake that follows me when I try to sleep or have a rest. I won't describe it, as if you'd ever have a close call experience you'd see something different. Let me just say I was very much alone in that vision. 

When my cat meowed too loudly I could catch myself again. The adrenaline got me sober-ish again and I called the emergency. A night to forget, truly... Guess the will to live kicks in even if you think there's nothing left keeping you alive. Remember that! Surviving such an experience changes you they say. They're right! Too bad I can't help feeling I lost even more of myself and the capability to feel true emotions. 

That was 4 years ago and the story really is getting too long and mainly focuses on the bad stuff. However, nowadays I can say the last 4 years even got worse. I grew as a person perhaps yet I'm completely out of strength. The feeling that eventually my life gets better and I will be wholesomely happy persists. Can't say I'm certain I can pull through until I reach that day. 

No moral to all of this just me feeling like a husk and been drained from my energy year to year. I don't know why or how I still am, but I swore to continue for death is inevitable so why call to it. There is still so much to say... I just don't know what to say anymore. Hope anyone feels any better