How early I go won't change a thing.&lt;After writing this I thought I should give some context to who I am and what I'm like:
I'm 18 years old, born June 21st 1997.
I've always been told I've very intelligent, which I believe, however I could never really focus in school for a long while.
Being around me I'm not generally a sad person, more of a matter of fact person. A no bullshit kind of guy, which for some reason I believe mentioning will make me seem less whiny during the following paragraphs and more that I am just relaying facts.
I've hoped to have a career in music, I've actually saved up money for recording equipment and have recorded a couple local bands, but I do write music as well. I smoke cannabis, it helps me stay grounded for the reason I believe to be that it makes me oblivious to my emotions. I've been jaded for many years but have come to the conclusion that I want to end my life.&gt;

-


Hi to anyone who stops by and hears my piece.
(I'm sorry for the rambling)

I don't remember the first time I thought of killing myself, but I do remember that my earliest thoughts never involved doing it any time soon. I've always had the commitment that I wouldn't want to live much pass 50, I'm currently 18, and in most circumstances thinking about my own death I knew unless of an accident prior, I would want to put myself out. This has always been the way I thought of my own death since I lost my cousin (who was 17 at the time) to a car accident in late 2008; the first time I really thought about my own mortality. I've been on a steady decline, depression wise, since then. Although I don't really believe that the accident was what triggered it.

I'm now seeing my classmates send off to university as I'm stuck at home without my high school diploma because I've failed 3 classes in the last year. My parents couldn't be more disappointed, and their disappointment is really the only reason why I'm going back to school for the 3 credits. You see, my parents also play a key role in why at first I didn't want to kill myself. I've always been told suicide is a selfish act, it's what you hear on the news and in classrooms, that individuals that kill themselves are only thinking about themselves. That is why I always figured, maybe I'll wait for my parents to go before I do. But now I'm thinking maybe not.

I've kept the same job for a couple years now, starting as a busboy in October of 2013 at a local pub/restaurant. I've met some really great people there, who have helped boost my confidence socially and personally. I feel more relaxed at work then at school and I think I act more myself around my co-workers than my friends. 

Not to say I don't relate to my friends but I'm really not as close with my pals as I used to be. I've started forcing jokes that fall flat and although have recently put extra effort into finding time to be with them, the time spent is awkward and unpleasant. I still want all my friends to be a part of my life, but I haven't felt connected to the clique in a long time.

I found this subreddit following my discovery of the deadredditors sub reddit. The first thought popping into my mind being maybe I'd be on there soon. 

That's when it kind of clicked. I'm suicidal. I have been for years. Sure I'm also depressed, of which I've been medically proven to be, but what I've been feeling since the earliest thoughts of my own mortality is the apathy of life. The indifference for destiny. And a whole lot of self hatred.

I used to self harm; when I was maybe 14 or 15. Only one friend knew about it, my closest friend at the time, who also self-harmed. I wouldn't consider myself emo, I got over that phase a long time ago. I think I just kind of did it to assure myself of my loathing, but there was really no question about it, that I hated myself, which is why I stopped. 

I've since lost this friend (somewhat). He currently in an abusive relationship with a girl that tried to claim I sexually assaulted her, which I didn't. He's now just looking for an answer to breaking up with her, but knows if he does it for the plain sake of not liking her as a human being, she will threaten to kill herself. It's twisted because he's knows what it feels like to have someone in his life try to kill themselves because I remember him telling me one time about how he had just received a text from a friend who was in the hospital after attempting suicide.

At this point it now sounds like I live in some town full of kids trying to kill themselves which isn't really true. In fact of the thousands of kids who live in this town these are really the only major cases I know of.

Right now as I'm almost breaking 4000 characters, I realize what I'm saying isn't even really the thick of it. Re-reading the text didn't feel the same as typing it, which is weird. Re-reading it felt a lot more disconnected emotionally. I'm not sure why I am mentioning this, but I'll now continue.

So, why do I now feel like how early I go won't change a thing? Well mathematically doing it earlier will give more time for anyone who cares to heal. But also I realized rethinking my cousin's death that humans are a lot more prone to accepting tragedies than we really think. It was devastating, waking up at 3 AM to my mother on the phone crying then sitting on my bed clutching her arms around me as she shared what had happened. But to the same effect if I were to go now or ten years from now everything I did in my time here, my consciousness, and my future would be wiped away just the same. So the reason why I am even waiting I can't figure out. I've already mentioned that I have to go back to school although I hate it and that my close friendships seem to be unrecoverable. My entire life I've consistently embarrassed and resented myself. I don't think I'm looking for an answer for not killing myself. I just can't think of why I shouldn't.

At this time the answer "It does get better" feels really pathetic, I have no desire to go to any kind of post-secondary education even after I get my diploma and I'll just end up being a deadbeat until I die anyways.