Just another suicidal kidKind of hoping this gets lost in the rest if the posts here. I'm just going to type. I'll try to add paragraph breaks for anyone bored enough to read this. Life story time, I guess.

When I was 7, I wanted to kill myself. At least, that's how old I was when my parents found out. They had no reaction, even when I told them I had a plan.

When I was 12, I started using self-harm as a way to cope. I didn't know it at the time, but I did it because it was the only thing I could control.

When I was 13, my parents found out about my self-harm. They took everything from me. My music, my communication, everything I used to distract myself. I thought I had been suicidal before that, but nothing compared to how much I truly wanted to die in those days I was cut off. Of course, my parents didn't care about that.

Now, I'm 16. Not much time has passed, but I've since come to terms with the fact that I'm a gay trans man. My attempt at coming out resulted in my parents making certain that I knew seeing my face makes them want to puke.

I've also learned something. I learned that my childhood wasn't normal. I learned that throwing children down stairs for spilling milk isn't normal. I learned that it's not normal to be afraid of my parents. I learned that being told my emotions mean nothing isn't okay. As you may be able to tell, I'm still a little (read: a lot) torn up about this. I'm scared of everything. I'm scared of people when they're irritated, because I can't tell the difference between someone that is mildly annoyed and someone that is about to hurt me. I thought it was normal. 

And I can't see myself ever getting past this. I don't think that I'm worth helping. I'm not worth anybody's time or concern. I will never be the person I want to be. Nobody will ever love me. I want to hurt myself. I want to grab the sharpest thing I can find and tear myself to shreds. More than that, I want to die. I'm replaceable. I can't think of anyone in my life who would lose something if I died. The only reason I haven't yet is because of my pets and my responsibilities. Nobody would take care of my fish, and I don't want to give my band director more work by making him find a new drum major.

I'm not worth the space I take up, or the air I breathe. So many people would be so much better off if I could find the strength to kill myself. I'm sorry if this is a mess and not worth your time, I just needed to type it out.