I should probably kill myself before the bulk of my suppressed child abuse memories resurfaceA bit of a scenario here: let's say you're in a savannah. You've been bitten by a poisonous snake, and you're unable to move. You can see in the distance a pack of hyenas coming towards you that will most surely kill you in your state. Wouldn't it be better to let the poison enter your heart so you die without having to experience your flesh and limbs being torn off your body?

Back to reality, I was already going through a pretty rough depressive episode when I was more or less was forced to think about childhood memories. My friend asked about it when we were watching a movie, and a new therapist asked about it so she could get my background. At first, it was weird that I didn't remember much from that time because autistics like me usually have great memories. It took some time, but my mind suddenly presented some terrifying flashbacks of my childhood concerning my father. I already hate him (e.g. constantly threatening my family, threatening my siblings and me to take us off our family health insurance,) and he's mostly out of my life. But these new memories are things I don't know whether or not I can live with. 

He chased me around my grandma's house and cornered me in a bathroom, trying to strike me even with other people watching him. He shot at me with a cork gun and a BB gun. He blamed me for getting bullied in grade school ever since fourth grade. He had no problems using his hand or a belt to discipline me. He forced me to eat the jerky of animals he killed in our backyard. And during this time, I was in middle school at the absolute oldest.

There's going to be more of these memories. I know it. I just don't forget most of the big moments of my childhood for no reason. Combined with the fact that I'm a survivor of sexual assault, I don't think my mind will be able to let me survive, more or less be able to live on my own after college. I'm even having doubts on whether I can survive to Thursday when I have a therapist appointment.

It feels like all of this has shaped who I am today. My only personality trait is that a lot of things scare me and that I'm a victim. The choice of whether I would prefer being the trash person my father wanted me to be so that I could have a childhood or being the person I am today with no childhood is starting to consume my life. I can't trust when other people say they love me and/or I have worth because my father said the exact same things. I mentally cannot see myself as getting "better," just worse. Whether it's from myself or current events (I'm American,) I don't see a life for me other than one that includes chronic mental anguish.

I'm probably whining at this point; I'm too sensitive. But I see nothing that I like about myself, and if I can't even trust my mind to be stable, wouldn't death be preferrable?