I'm doneLet me preface by saying I've posted here once before but deleted since after my last suicide attempt.

It's been three and a half years since I was free of my mother's wrath and hatred. She was not a good mother by no means, but she didn't get to choose to be that way because of slurs of mental illnesses and her past trauma. Still, the effects of her and her problems didn't interpret well into my mind growing up from the age of seven to thirteen.

I can't help but think it would've been easier had I not been born. After all; my mother had an abortion prior to me being born, and I was born out of wedlock, so it would've made more sense to have been aborted, right?

Not that that it was horrible my first seven years being alive, it was quite awesome in fact. A mom who loved me, a step-dad who loved me, a sister who loved me, and I loved them back with all I could. There was minor turbulence through out the household from time to time but that was normal. All until my step-dad divorced my mother after she started getting drunk a lot again and they faught some with him.

She then attempted suicide and was put into a coma for a week.
Not that I remember that ever happening, it was blanketed over in my memory along with a lot of other things.

She was not the same mother I once knew after she woke up.

She was filled with hatred and anger most of the time, usually taken out on me by yelling or by saying things along the line of, "you're sad." She kept repeating I was sad over the course of six years or so and I believed it. I believed it because I thought she was right, and she was right. It became all I knew after a while. It didn't help that after my step-dad divorced my mother that she remarried and was even worse at being a mother then.

I remember memories that hurt.

One night I was coming the down stairs to get something from the kitchen. Mom drunk, she says, "I love you, son. I love you so much I'll go lay outside on the porch to prove to everyone how much I love you. Even though you hate me, I'll prove to you and everyone how much I love you." I remember being confused and scared; I didn't want her to lay out there and begged her not to, and eventually she listened and went to lay on the couch or something.

She also, one day, was holding my little baby brother, and step-dad #2 bumps into her and she gets pissed. She puts him down and shoves step-dad hollering, "Watch where the fuck you're going!" And step-dad clammers to try and apologize but she's not taking it then they both start hollering and screaming at each other. Shoving each other over and hitting each other. I try and budge in and pull my mom off, and she lets me pull her off him and she exclaims, "See! He's smart! Why can't you be more like him? He's smart! He knows how to treat a girl!" It just felt so horrible hearing that. I didn't want to be an example, I just wanted to feel safe and loved by my parents.

Another time - I went into her room for some reason or another, and we talk normally for a while. Then somehow we end up to her hollering, "Am I raising a pussy or am I raising a man?" And she repeated it a few times because I was too scared to answer. I eventually ended up replying to the question with the answer, "I don't know! Both?" And she said it alright and we moved on. I don't know why that memory stands out so much but it does. I was like 10 or so at the time.

The last one I can remember is her coming into my room and asking me to help clean. And I didn't answer because I was enveloped in a video game. She says, "I break my fucking ass off trying to keep this place clean and this is how I get repayed? None of you are even grateful!" I stopped my game as soon as I heard that and looked at her. "I clean every single fucking day and this is how you treat me?!" she hollered. I didn't know how to respond and started crying. I didn't know how to help clean, Mom, I'm sorry for being such a disappointment. I felt horrible hearing that.

She'd often tell me how sad I was and I believed it. I still do, a little. But now it's me saying that. And I believe it. Getting better hasn't felt like an option since Mom attempted suicide. Getting better hasn't felt like an option since she left to Seattle three and a half years ago. And it doesn't feel like an option now.

There's still much more to all these feelings, but this post is long enough already. I'm going to go put up a noose today in the woods and hang myself Tuesday or Wednesday. I won't fail this time. I promised myself that when I got out of treatment from my last attempt. And I promised other people if I tried again I wouldn't fail this time. So I will follow through. Goodbye, thanks if you read any of this. You all are good people.