Existence is pain.Hi.. My name is Martin, I'm 18 years old and I need to vent out a little bit.. I'm tired. I feel like I've been living for 100 years already. I would describe my problem as "existential depression" if something like that exists. It all started, as i remember, an year ago when i realised I'm gay. But my sexuality isn't the root of my problem. I was always kinda intoverted, melancholic and dark minded cos of things that happened in our family and other things.. It just made me think a lot more then ever before. This year was, thanks to this "lightbulb moment", mostly about my personal development and trying to "find myself". I feel like completely different person now, in a good way. I've set my life goals and similar stuff.. But it wasn't so bright as it seems. I'm tired because i don't want answers anymore. I feel like I've had enough of this world. 

I'm writing this because I'm not in the best mood rn. But i feel like that almost every damn day. It's like "nothing and nobody have a purpose". To be honest, almost everyday I'm trying to find a reasons why not to kill myself.
I'm not gonna kill myself. I know it. It's just my dream. Every morning is not start of a "new adventure". It's start of another nightmare and I'm just living for going to bed again, dreaming about disappearing and never having to live that life again. I'm jealous about happiness of other people. They have something i don't have.. Like.. Spark or whatever.
I hate things like alcohol, cigarettes, drugs and similar. I want to keep my body clean. But sometimes i just want to buy few bottles and drink to death. Still, I'm trying to resist. I even started to do sports to distract myself. I was running two times per day to give my day a purpose instead of hurting myself or doing similar stupid stuff. It was my way to exhaust myself physically. I didn't want to cut or anything. This running routine helped but not for long.
So I'm here, stuck in this vicious circle with my nihilistic thoughts and opinions while listening to Elliott Smith and overthinking... I don't know what to do..
Visiting a therapist or someone? Cool, but i don't to take any medications or something. It's disgusting for me.

I don't even know what i want.. Writing this out helped me but i still feel empty. I want to cry but i can't. It's like that almost an year already and the hardest thing is to pretend you're ok around others..
And I'm scared that it will never end.
Only thing I'm still here for are people i care about. If they would not be here, i would probably do something stupid.

I've tried to keep it as short as possible and there's much more into it and i feel like words are not enough to describe it. Also, I apologize for my english, it's not my native language.