I am worthlessEach day I think about death. I think about how death might be painless and quick. I think about how if I were to die tomorrow, I could count all the people who would be at my funeral on one hand. I think about my dad a lot too. I remember the day he died like it was yesterday. I still regret not fixing our relationship. I regret not spending more time with him. He was alone when he died. He lay in his death bed, in my old bedroom. He would need help getting dressed and taking care of him. The cancer in his lungs had spread to his brain by this point. There was nothing the doctors could do. They found it when it was too late. He was too old and frail to be put on chemo. He may have had a few more years left had my mom not convinced him. Why didn't we have a funeral for my dad? "We can't afford it."

I'm alone now, my mom isn't letting me stay with her. I don't want to anyways. I'm at my SO's mom's house. I'm such a fuckin loser. I feel like a burden. I'm never going to get a good paying job. Let alone go back to college. I'm not capable of doing anything. I sit inside and sleep or watch Hulu or spend all day on Reddit or playing videogames. I'm not even enjoying this shit. I just do it to waste time. I hope I'm running out of time. I can't kill myself but if I die another way, maybe people will be able to cope better. I guess that's why I keep burning bridges, so I don't have to burden anyone with my illness. Ya'know, depression. 

I just want to be given a different life. A better life. I can't do it myself. I'm losing strength to go on every single day. I could go on about every single detail of how my life is shit but I know nobody will even read this far so fuck it. I'm just going to try to job search again. I need a job for now. So everyone will get off my back. They say, "I don't want to see you sit at home being depressed all day and not doing anything." 
Well i wasn't better off when I was working. I hurt myself a lot when I was working. I hate working. I can't find a good job around here. I can't even keep a job for more than a month. I always fuck it up. Always. I just don't know what to do. My life is meaningless w or w/o a job, so why don't I just save you all the trouble and off myself now.