Life is unfairI hate when people keep telling that life is fair and the only reason you're unhappy is because of your thoughts. How life can be fair from my point of view? I grown up in the very poor family. I hated it. I still remember days when I lied for friends that I'm not at home when they wanted to visit me, because our home was one nasty place, I still remember when my own father called me disgusting words, maybe he don't acted physically , but words sometimes hurt so much more. I still remember days when we couldn't slept , because we have never known when drunk father will come back home and what surprise he brings. This environment forced me to mature ,first I earned some money from dirty village works, I bought my first computer as a 13 years old boy and started earn some money from simple web games. Other kids enjoyed their lives , when I had to sit at home try to get some money so I could be at least less independent. When I went to High school in the bigger city, every morning I was forced to get up at 6 A.M , because road by bus lasted almost one hour. I was isolated , the only time when I could be with friends was the time when I were at school. Despite all this shit I managed to get in best university in our country(I live in Eastern Europe) , but it made things even worse. My self esteem now low as hell , therapist said that I have depression , every day now seems worthless. I dreamed about uni and the chance to be away from my home all my life , but now when I'm here , I don't know whats next. My physical appearance is tragic, probably because of poor nutrition. I'm short , have terrible acne while being 19 yo and whats hurts most I started balding. I thought I will taste life after all this sacrifice, but no, I can't, because I'm trapped in this body. I believe I have good personality, I can fake my confidence, you would never think that I came from place like this, I've found some friends in uni, but I feel more mature than them and  deep inside I scared that they will know where I came from. I feel like my youth years are stolen, because of appearance girls don't even look at me , even I dress well and drive pretty good car, but that's another talk... Now I'm pretty good at studies , I've grown up as completely opposite from my parents , I earn really  good amount of money as freelancer at such a age, but I don't know. My life seems to be much more better then it was before, but I feel even more depressed now.What's next? I waited for this moment, but now I see that it's doesn't make me feel happier. I never thought about ending my life this way, but now everything seems so pointless and I really want to do that. I'm just sad that this happened for me. I don't know why I'm writing this here, maybe I want attention , maybe I want to show for some people that their life isn't that bad. Sorry for grammar , as I mentioned before I'm from Europe. 