I don’t want to live without herSo I posted this in r/Breakups a little while ago. This is my story:

I don’t really know where to begin. I suppose at the beginning . About two years ago I (25M) started dating a girl (23) with a kid. A young kid (6 months). I was there when she first crawled. I was there for her first words. I was there for her first steps. I was there for her first birthday — and her second. For quite a while, after she began to talk, she called me dad. For nearly two years, I had a kid. The most wonderful, loving, smart, stubborn kid in the world. I was a father and I loved every minute of it. And then, all of a sudden (and it was *all of a sudden*), I wasn’t. 

My girlfriend left me for someone else. It didn’t make any sense — I’m not sure it ever will. I thought we were partners — I thought we were forever. She fell in love with someone else, over what I speculate to be a combination of Facebook messenger and FaceTime video, seeing as he is, has been, and will be (for months to come) overseas. They knew each other before. One day, apparently, she felt a compulsion to reach out to him. Love came quickly after that. A few weeks of virtual infidelity before she ended it with me. A few weeks more until she admitted to it. 

It’s been nearly a month now. Everyone says it’ll get easier. It hasn’t gotten easier. Everyone says they understand. I’m not sure anyone understands. My baby girl is not, as people have said, the “collateral damage” of a toxic relationship. I’ve lost a child — or so it feels. One day I was a father, and the next, I was not. 

I don’t know if I want to live without her. Her mother will still let me see her — but I’m to tell her (once she’s old enough) that I’m her friend, nothing more. I don’t think I can do that. I don’t think that’s fair to either of us. And so, it feels like I’ve lost her forever. It feels like losing a child. I don’t want to diminish how it feels to actually lose a child — but I can’t imagine feeling much worse than I do now. I’m not suicidal all the time — it comes in waves. I’m open about it with my family and friends, but when it comes down to it I just sometimes feel like I can’t or don’t want to keep living without her.
