Convince me not to do it.I've honestly been suicidal for as long as I can remember. I remember when I was maybe 9-10, I absolutely hated myself. My dad asked what was wrong because I was crying one night. I couldn't say anything because I was scared he wouldn't understand and he'd get mad at me. He gave me a piece of paper and told me to write down what I was thinking. I still remember exactly what I wrote. "Sometimes I feel like I wish I was never born." He gave me a hug but never actually did anything about it. I reminded him of this a year or two ago, but he doesn't even remember that this happened. He doesn't even fucking remember his child telling him that he didn't want to be alive.

I'm 22 now. Unemployed, no skills, nobody I trust, I literally just lay in bed all day being fed like a dog by my dad. I don't have anyone to hit up to explain how I'm feeling and I'm at the end of my rope. Everyone has said it gets better, but I've felt this way for most of my life and it's only gotten worse. I've never been able to make friends or even communicate and carry myself like a regular person. I've felt completely isolated and detached from everything for as long as I've been able to form memories. I'm so fucking tired of feeling like this, when the fuck is it supposed to get better?

And before you say I should talk to my dad about it, you can forget that. I've told him multiple times that I've felt suicidal. All he does is freak out, send me to the psych ward, and pump me full of drugs that make me feel even worse. For him it's "out of sight, out of mind." I think he's just scared and has no idea how to be a warm and caring person. Regardless of the reason he acts this way, it does way more harm than good.

I'm planning on finally buying the rope that I made sure could support a human and have had bookmarked for 3 years. I've spent hours and hours researching methods of hanging to make sure I get it right. Give me one reason to not do it that I haven't heard before or thought of, then I might consider not going through with it. But for now, I'm in a burning building and I feel like my only option is to jump. I'm so fucking tired.