Please just listen. I'm so tired.*Edit*: Thank you. Just, oh man, thank you. Most days I can be okay, though it's not effortless, but some days just seem so impossible. Yesterday morning started off as one of those days, but just *talking* about it made me feel stronger. I think today I'll make a few phone calls (maybe just one to start), check up on some people. Again, thank you for the perspective and all of your kindness. I think I'll hang around here more.

And as a wise commenter once quoted: "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." -Philo

So cool.

*End of edit*


Please, I just need someone to tell me that it will pass. Just all of this. I feel like I'm losing my mind.

I can't possibly convey everything that I'm thinking and feeling and experiencing. There are no words for a lot of it and too many for the rest. My family has a long history of mental illness, most of which goes untreated. Due to a genetic predisposition and childhood trauma, I've pretty much always been depressed and anxious. But I just kind of dealt with it.

~~Abridged version of~~ the last two years:

in September of 2013 my husband shot himself while our nine month old daughter and I were sleeping in the next room. I got to him a minute later and made an effort to revive him until the police arrived. I knew it wouldn't work, but tried anyway. This has left me with intimate knowledge of his "condition", which of course was not pretty. Looking back it would have been wiser not to go in that room, but there was nothing that could have stopped me anyway. We'd had a rare fight the night before, and it was quite obvious to everyone that the way which he killed himself was deliberately orchestrated to fuck with my head. Among other things, he put on my favorite hoodie, sat in my spot on the couch, and sent me a text message: "Don't ever tell [our daughter] I existed." Then he shot himself with our friend's .45 revolver. He even positioned a stack of my notebooks in such a way that they were directly in the line of fire. I'm a writer. Those notebooks meant a lot, contained a lot of myself, my thoughts and stories. The police couldn't let me have them back because they were, "quite soiled."

I think he must have hated me by this point. It's beyond my understanding.

We had just moved to a new state in an effort to get our shit together for our daughter. He left me with $118 in our bank account. We were kicked out of our apartment that same morning and ended up in the only shelter with room for us; one which housed convicts and junkies. I was thankful, but this was not a good environment. The point is that we lost literally (and I don't use that word lightly) everything. Rug pulled out from under us, doors slammed in our faces, and the ever-looming possibility of my daughter being taken from me. We got through it, made our way back "home", and tried to get my shit together.

In January of 2014 my father had a stroke, went into a coma, and died shortly after. He had the stroke while attempting to keep my insane mother from going to jail. She was drunk and violently raging against our neighbors. The reason she was so pissed was that I had cut contact with her the day before. Without getting into the details, she had crossed a line and was using my husband's recent death against me. The woman could be cruel and I was in no condition to handle it. More importantly, my daughter didn't need to witness any of that bullshit.

So I spent much of 2014 drunk. I have a bad back, bad enough that some days I can't get out of bed. The alcohol made it progressively worse, so what did I do? Drank even more for the pain. It wasn't logical and I didn't care. I stayed functional until my daughter went to bed, then hit it hard. I didn't realize it at the time, but I had a year-long nervous breakdown. The people that swore to help me knew I was constantly on the verge of killing myself and did nothing. One of them even deliberately antagonized me daily. They wanted the baby and promised me the world to get their hands on her. When I tentatively mentioned that I wanted to get on antidepressants I was told, "I don't know. They might make you too happy and then nobody would want to be around you. It's annoying." Again, without going into it, these people have serious problems of their own. I realize this now.

Mid 2014 I did attempt to get on antidepressants and anti-anxiety medication, coupled with weekly therapy. The day I was prescribed the antidepressants, I was thrilled. Maybe I can get better. Maybe I can stop drinking. Maybe we'll be okay. That same day my medical insurance was cut off unexpectedly. No more medication, therapy, or hope. I quickly got worse. Much worse.

Finally, in January 2015 I got out of the toxic environment. I quit drinking and the weight is coming off. My back is improving and I've started to get better. In February my mother died. At first they told me it was a suicide, which was a whole fiasco of its own. Then they changed the cause of death to murder. Her boyfriend shot her in the chest with one of Dad's old revolvers and left her to die in his trailer. We hadn't spoken since just before Dad died. I'm still processing this. She was a sick woman and I should have been there for her after we lost Dad. Maybe things would be different.

Now I'm a hermit. Everything scares me, just everything. Someone was setting off fireworks last month and it sent me into a panic attack. I knew it was fireworks, yet it took me three hours to stop shaking. This isn't how I am and I don't know how to be this way. My daughter is beautiful and healthy, but she's getting to that difficult age and some days I just can't handle it. My late husband's family still harasses me on a daily basis and I feel too guilty to just cut them off. Guilt, oh god, the guilt is overwhelming. I feel like I killed my family, all of them, and now I'm all alone. Every day the goal is to see the sun go down, to make sure my daughter gets what she needs and goes to bed feeling loved. 

I don't talk to my friends anymore and it's not their fault. I want to call them, to ask how the new baby is, to make sure everybody is okay. But the thought of it makes me physically ill. I'm so scared that they'll think I don't love them, but it's not them, it's me. I just can't deal. I don't know how to be part of things anymore. The few people I do interact with hate what I am now. They don't hate me, but I know that seeing me this way hurts them. "I can't believe one person could do this to you," they say, and the hurt in their eyes makes me feel even worse.

Now I'm seven weeks pregnant and haven't a doubt that it will kill me, one way or another. We were careful, yet it happened. The hormones are making my thoughts fuzzy again and I don't want to do this. I hate every option.

Some days I wake up and find that I'm lacking. I lack the energy and patience, the will to try, the desire to be here. But every morning I get up because my daughter needs me. I'm just so tired all the time, always waiting to see who will die next, what could possibly be taken away now.

Please, *please* tell me that it will be okay, that I'll survive. I don't care if it's a fib. It just helps to hear it, really it does. I don't want to do any of this anymore.

Just writing this, putting it out there has made me feel a little better. I don't want to be a victim or a statistic. I want to get better, but I'm so exhausted. Thank you for listening.


