Suicidal, confused, and numb - could use some words of advice.Right now I'm really struggling with my thoughts, but they are very different than they have been.

I've been suicidal before, attempted several times, multiple ER visits, admitted inpatient, but I sit here in a place I have never been. Before when I was suicidal I felt severely depressed, hopeless, in general just a really bad place. This made sense to me, I was in a lot of emotional pain that I wanted to escape. 

Now I am considering suicide from a neutral state of mind. It might be apathetic in a way, but it surely isn't severe depression. Right now I can't really identify any negative emotions. Things seem relatively okay in my life. Although, I'm not feeling super positive either. I'm just numb. 

I am disturbed with my own thinking and behavior lately. I relapsed into self-harm again. I realized last night, I'm not self harming to relieve pain. I'm doing it to see how much damage I can cause. Physically, the numb feeling transfers over. I stare at my wounds and there's just nothing inside me. This nothingness doesn't even disturb me.

To the outside, people have told me I seem happier. I am able to smile and joke around. I talk and can give great advice. This isn't a lie, I'm not trying to fool anyone, I just am running on autopilot. So while I may seem happy, it's not because I actually am, rather it's because that's just my automatic reaction with the world.

I am slightly confused, I've never been in this state of nothingness. Numbness. It's not good, it's not bad, it's just nothing.

I've thought about my death extensively. I have had prior suicide plans from the past and have revised them to ensure I would actually die. I'm thinking about this just as I would think about getting food. "Oh hey, that looks good, I'll take that". This isn't how a person should respond, and I recognize that.

I have given thought as to if inpatient would be beneficial again, but I don't see it working. I don't feel like I even qualify to be admitted. There's no pill that can make me feel something emotionally. 

The only emotions I have been able to feel lately are anger, confusion, and mild concern. Nothing else. 

I'm not trying to be philosophical, but I feel like this is what happens before someone dies. It's acceptance of the present. Acceptance of death. Acceptance that this life isn't permanent and death is completely normal.

I'm really unsure as to what I should do, I could really use some advice on this one. I know my thoughts aren't entirely rational, and that my thinking is somewhat impaired. I know that something is wrong with me emotionally, that this numbness isn't right. Yet, I don't know which path I should take.