There and back againI keep finding myself in a vicious cycle returning to my depressive ways. I can't seem to function in day to day life without having some feeling of trepidation. My anxiety levels run high today in particular as a result of being placed in a leadership role at work without it being my choice. This has been a rough week as a result and the side of me that is functional can deal with it. I acknowledge I have a skill set capable of managing, but on the flip side every negative moment comes paired with this inescapable grief. For reasons I can never seem to control I go down this road of despair every time something stresses me out too much. These would be otherwise minor things to most people I would imagine. But still I go. Sometimes I feel like I have control and can block it out, but others like today it feels overpowering. It's absurd and a life difficult to live when I slip into what feels like a comatose state just filled with mostly poor memories and the occasional good one that makes me feel worse. Paired with my daily anxiety level raised a bit higher as a result of the position I am in, my mind as it often does drifts towards death. In some ways as the great existential concept, but more specifically in terms of the death of my sister some years ago on the 18th (a quickly coming date). I've never really found purpose in life for myself since and have only seen other terrible things to solidify this. At my last job I've been assaulted and was a victim of attempted murder by a client (I worked in a group home). Those memories are quite distinct as I had to manage the situation by getting myself and others in the home to safety and involving police. A friend of mine was murdered late last year in a random act of violence as someone went on a shooting spree in my city. All these individual events are in themselves meaningless now, but the memories are hard to manage in a life that seems to be forced towards being socially acceptable and ready to suck the cock of corporate life. For all intents and purposes I should consider myself lucky for where I am. And at times I do as I know what it is to live in poverty and be in worse situations, but I can't shake the memories which make me feel trapped in an inescapable room. On the outside I'm doubtful all of this is obvious. i have few resources to talk to. I have been to the psych ward after oding on assorted pills and alcohol. I've been to multiple counsellors all with no results. The last time I went to one I went on my own accord while I was feeling okay as I wanted to try and deal with my shit before I got back into my old ways. Unfortunately as a result of missing some appointments I got a letter from my therapist saying we could not work together on these problems. It's my mistake I admit but I still feel cold towards it all as it was only overlooked as a result of my heavy work hours and scheduling of appointments a few weeks apart at different hours. I struggle to keep track of time and appointments. I literally do not feel like I am here at all sometimes. 

I'm not sure what else I can say or how much good this will do. I just want it to be quiet and I want to be understood instead of feeling alone while I am quiet and to myself as it is my nature but feeling like I am being judged. 