Went to a psychiatric hospital and was sent home because I'm not sick enough***
Context:

About one and a half year ago I tried to kill myself. The thought of my mother and grandparents and how they would suffer kept me from doing it.
The next day i decided that this can't continue this way, so i went to my doctor and told him that i had suffered from depression. I didn't go into further detail though. He prescribed an mild anti depressant (an SSRI) and told me i should do sports.


I'm taking the pills since then and went to gym now and then. I even tried to play in a hockey team but that didn't go too well since I'm pretty shy which leads to a lack of teamplay which leads to hostility against me which ends in even more anxiety. Long story short the advised workout plan didn't quite work out...
  
Nonetheless the medication did help and I soon began to go to school in an acceptably good mood.

Now, 1 1/2 years later I'm again in this situation to decide what's worse, the pain i feel or the thought of the people I would hurt killing myself.
There are a few reasons for my psychological pain, but the worst issue is the suffer from love sickness. 
  
A girl I went to school with started to show affection for me. Since I liked the way she tought and since she is a smart girl with a personality like me I fell for her and we started to meet on weekends and play snooker or pool.
One day I felt the urge to kiss her, so I gave her an kiss on the cheek. She didn't really react to it, she just smiled and pretended that nothing happend. First I thought she didn't feel the way I felt so I avoided too much contact with her which lead to her flirting more. She even gave me a hint that she would like to be my girlfriend, though she didn't specific say it.

At a trip from our whole class we all got pretty drunken so in my alcohol influenced stupor i couldn't stand it anymore and told her that I loved her and that she has to make up her mind, because she is mentally squashing me. She didn't want to make a statement - she never did, but after a while of talking she told me that it would be better if we stayed friends. "Welp okay, if that's what she wants" i thought to myself. But deep in me i knew that i can't only be friends with her. Not after that much delusive hope she stirred up in me. Two weeks later i brutally realized that. I had met her on a Saturday evening to play pool when I couldn't hold it and asked her why she showed so much affection and eventually turned me down. 
Her answer was that she didn't know why. After assuring her I could cope with the fact that she doesn't love me, I drove home. The fact that one hour later i nearly killed myself in a forest prove different.

The good thing is that I sometimes get that pure self-pitty isn't always the best idea, so i yesterday decided to seek professional help.
So today i decided to visit the mental hospital in the 60km (~37 miles) distant capital.

***

Child and teenagers psychiatry sounded good so i went there first. After some time waiting a nurse led me into registration where a doctor asked me how old i was. Since 18 is apparantly to old for them they told me I have to go to another building and ask there for help.

So i marched across the whole area and was told that they only treat addictet people and I have to ask the porter at the main entrance which subsection is responsible for my district, since the main psychiatry is devided by residence.

Well the nice lady at the main entrance had absolutely no clue about anything but she kindly refered me to a department that helps with depression. 
(Walking there i thought about the "house that drives you mad" from Asterix and how all the people here have to be crazy from the administration system itself.)

When I went thorugh the amored door into the corrdidor of "Psychiatry 3" I had finally found a place where they may be able to help me. I waited for about half an hour silently sitting in front of the registration door, watching a strange patient walking back and forth along the corridor talking with herself, when i was asked in.

First a nurse took my personal data and asked about any deseases then a doctor came in and asked me what i want. I told him that I had suffered from depression since over a year that my doctor gave me ADs and that those had helped but I wanted to kill myself again lately.

When I was finished with my story he asked my why I didn't went with this to my general doctor. I told him that he isn't a psychiater. I also told him that the local expert has a waiting list of 4 months. 
Nonetheless he told me that he couldn't help me because this mental hospital doesn't have an ambulance and he could only treat me if I have a heavy mental disorder so he can hospitalize me as an in-patient.

Before I left he gave me the number of a therapist and told me I should also try sports.

Now I'm sitting here and considering if I should wait the 3-4 months for the psychiatrist or try going to the therapist my health insurance defenitely won't pay...

Great...

(Excuse the bad writing and the lack of line spacing, but first I'm quite drunken and second I have no idea how to insert extra returns)