Please Help.Hi.

My girlfriend is chronically depressed and is fixated on attempting suicide every few days or so... It seems like everyone recommends that people like her should get professional
help. We did so, but she ended up being put under a psychiatric hold, and committed to a psych ward for 3 days. The experience ended up breaking her psyche even more, and she 
feels ten times more broken now. She has traumatic nightmares about the ward regularly, and often has issues with stuttering. (which she never had before.) After she was discharged,
her depression seemed to be repressed due to the trauma from the ward... but she seemed off... she was no longer like herself... no longer analytical and careful like how she usually is.
Her depression came back shortly afterwards, and she seemed like herself again, but she said she felt 10x more broken. They also put her on SSRIs in the ward, which made her feel loopy, and
it drove her off an edge. She often says that her problem boils down to the fact that she exists. She's MtF transgender, but she feels like she'll never be able to be just like a cisgirl. 
HRT made her feel some emotion again, but she still has her chronic depression. (and likely other disorders.) She also has this inherent jitteryness... she always seems to be trembling,
although otherwise she doesn't show any other signs of anxiety except for when she's extremely scared. 

She also has work stress from a high-stress job to worry about... and gender dysphoria contributes negatively as well. The bad genes she inherited will likely also impair her quality of life
in the near future... vision impairments, hearing loss, high blood pressure, diabetes, thyroid problems, mental illness, ...

I'm just not sure what to do anymore. I love her and desperately want to help her in any way possible... I always try to be there for her, and she appreciates that, but it seems like
her being here is letting her continue to suffer. She attempted suicide last month... and she almost was going to try yesterday night, but I managed to stop her somehow.

There's also trauma from her childhood that affects her as well... and all of this makes her life horrible, it seems.

Mental health professionals just made it worse, and everyone else we tried to turn to for help doesn't know what to do. 

I'm afraid that she'll try again soon... I can't always be there to intervene... and even then, it feels like I'm just letting her continue to suffer here. 

I don't know what to do anymore. Please help. 