I want to do it, but I am terrified of the prospect of oblivionI am 16 years old. Last year I realised that I had been seriously considering suicide. I talked to my mother about this. I went to 2 therapy sessions before they stopped, I dont know why they stopped, they just did. I have not talked to my mom about it since because she is sort of an emotional wreck, I guess and it was very hard on her the first time (she has a history of basically snapping and going completely apeshit at the smallest thing). Asking my dad is basically impossible. He is not a bad father, but we have never really been close or really talked much and I dont really think he would know what to do. So I guess im turning to this. The reason why I began to feel this way is primarily loneliness and a feeling that I was basically wasting my life. I am just impossibly shy. I havent really had real friends since about 2005? I mostly hang around with a bunch of nerds. I hate to say it but they are not nice people, they are all bitter, racist, sexist and extremely insecure, they often gang up on me and insult me. The reason I hang out with them is simply that they are the only people I have at school (School being my only social connection). Romance is basically something I have never even thought about, it just seems too unrealistic that it would ever involve me. Years ago when I still knew girls, there was one girl I liked. But I simply could never really tell her, because I was too scared, and now shes gone. I have absolutely 0 self confidence, mainly due to how much I suck at life it seems. I never properly learned how to communicate. I spend most of my early life (1-7) with a childminder who didnt really talk to me, just used to leave me in the living room so I got used to being alone. Primary school was better, I had a few friends and it was normal. Secondary school was just too big, and I didnt know anyone. So I just sort of gave up and didnt really make any friends.

Honestly I sometimes feel that I should just kill myself, like it could be the right thing to do, maybe I am just so inferior to everyone else, I should just go? Often when people talk about this, they talk about clubs activities etc, but I just, cant do this basically, I tried to make myself do it, im so scared of people. I got invited to a concert by two old friends of mine, with girls, alchohol everything etc. I knew at the time it would be a great oppurtunity, and it would probably be the only one. I considered it, but realised I just couldnt, I dont know how to. Its easier said than done. My life now basically consists of studying, maybe 1 hour of video games a day and then going to bed, I cant handle it anymore because im so goddamn bored. I have so little energy my grades started dropping from As to Cs, I got rejected by the 6th form I wanted to go to and I now face staying where I am, with the same godawful people, I feel trapped with my life, I lack the energy, social skills, and motivation to even go outside, I do not know how to get these things anymore. I realise this has become tldr. I am going to stop now.

The main thing really keeping me from doing it is that I am terrified of there being nothing after I died. I dont want oblivion, and my mom would probably die. If it werent for that, I would have done it. But im not sure when it will get so bad i will have no choice
