Seriously contemplating ending the sufferingAs a 31 year old, I think I might be done. Even as a member of management I'm in what I thought was a valid career path, which I now understand is a dead end job making well below true market value, my best friend is the only real support I have left (and I'm trying to support  him through a tough time right now), and I have zero hope/chance of any sort of relationship, let alone long term/marriage.

I've been alone and/or lonely for 17.5 of my 18.5 years of teen/adulthood. Clinically/chronically depressed and anxious for even longer. And my longest relationship was convincingly the closest thing to a soul mate that I think is possible.

Therapists and drugs haven't or can't help, or I can't afford them.

Tried getting drunk for the first time in years to see if it could at least make me not care enough that I could make it through the night like it used to be able to do, and it's not helping.

Talking doesn't help (thus therapy not working). 

Movies, TV shows, and books used to be my escape. Anymore they torture me further because just about everything has what I want and can't have: relationships/romance/an incentive for the protagonists to continue on. 

My "nightmares" are things that normal people would consider good dreams. I'm happy in them, but wake up and immediately cry because they're not real. They only make me want to sleep forever so that I don't have to leave. 

I just want this pain to end. I need something more than "it will get better". If that was true, you'd think it would have been long before now. 

At this point someone is going to have to give me super easy actions to take, hypnotize me, or drug me to allow me to have the strength to continue.

Bilbo put it best, I think. "I feel thin, sort of stretched, like butter scraped over too much bread." Except that that feels extremely mild in comparison. I feel as though I've been tortured every day for years with no reprieve. 

My friend and family would be better off if I died because of my life insurance. Before you say anything, yes it covers suicide since I'm over the 2 year mark on it. And yes, I know that my death will weigh heavily on them, but I think it will be easier than what I'm trying to live through now. They all have strong support webs. Will it hurt them more to know that I stuck around in absolute agony every day for them, or to know that my pain is finally at an end and that I'm at peace? 

For those that will inevitably attempt to coerce me with religion, I'm of the opinion that no deity will punish or penalize someone that has hit their limit. A battle with circumstance is no different than a field of battle. 

I'm sure others will try to persuade me via other potential options. Unless it has a strong chance of success and will not cost me money (I mentioned that my management job pays shit?), there's no point. I'm done, and I'm tired of pretending that I can make it, with support or not.