Closer than I’ve ever beenI honestly don’t care anymore. That kind of scares me. But at the same time, it honestly makes me feel very comfortable. It’s a pleasant feeling. Like it’s all almost over. I used to be afraid of the God. Now, I’m almost to where I have no care at all about anything. I’ve already given up on my family. They’ve given up on me. I am autistic. God forbid they actually treat me like a human. I have fixed so many things and done Great things on my own. The problem is, they don’t know about it. I have to do it everything and even live my life on my own. I’m 21 and still get treated like a baby. I’ve tried everything and no matter what, they have no faith. I’ve driven a lot practice for my real license, only because of my uncle having a bit more faith in me. And yet, the one time I make a mistake and get a bit of a dent, all of a sudden, I’m the worst at it and no one has faith. 

I  tried going to med school and they wouldn’t let me continue because of my “condition”. I got judged even though I knew what I could do. I had the skills. People hate me. I have no income and we live in a dead town with no openings. There’s nothing here. Social security keeps denying me. I’ve tried every depression and bipolar medication and none of them work. I’m constantly depressed and there’s no reason to continue. My friends abandoned me long ago and the one I have left keeps threatening me with a mental hospital every time I make a comment about my depression. She has no idea how bad it is.  The only thing that upsets me is hurting my girlfriend but even she doesn’t like talking to me anymore. Even though I barely ever mention my depression. 

I know what you will say. Keep living, you will find something eventually. Not true. I’m never getting to my Girlfriend. She lives in South Carolina. I have no way to get there. But, in reality, it’s not going to help. I really just want to do this. Why not? What could it hurt?  My parents keep telling me that I’m fine. To suck it up. That I’m not really depressed. They don’t know that I’ve taken 13. Ambient and 7 lorazepam before. They don’t know anything. They don’t care about anything but their electronics. Tiger es no reason that I shouldn’t do it. 

