The thoughts of suicide are back, I seem to be heading towards the mediocre life I've always feared, and I feel like there is no way left to avoid it. help.I've had suicidal thoughts since I was a child, I've constantly felt like something was wrong about my relationship with others, I'm not sure if it's anger, hate or insecurity that has been building up, but there certainly is something.

I have 26 years, I've always been perceived as a timid person, and sometimes a weak person, easy to take advantage of. My self perception is different, though, I know the things I have, like a decent job, not bad looks, ok intelligence, three languages, fantastic friends, an amazing family which never left me on my own; actually all of the people that surround me and that get to know me love me, and I also feel intense love for all of them; most people I know actually, I believe in giving a chance to everyone to prove they're good people.

But my problem is that no matter what I do people perceive me as weak, and mostly in competitive environments, I tend to be stepped on because I have never learned how to claim what's mine, or at least make it apparent that I am confident.

I always tried to make the right decisions, staying in school, working, being obedient, being nice to people I may have perceived want to hurt me... and well, all that and even half of the efforts I am making would make me a successful person, but this one thing, psychiatrists have called social anxiety, or that I have called cowardice have caused me to have to work double in order to get the same recognition someone who knows how to "sell" himself gets.

The work I got I got it because of my father, and once I got the chance I gave everything I could tomake the best of it, and I have done great things, then again people with better relatinos more "secure" have gone ahead of me doing half the effort. Right now I'm finishing my master's degree.... but I don't feel it's an achievement, as I doubt it'll change my condition and professional expectations.

And I have tried to do several things about that, I've gone to psychologists, read self-help books, gotten into theater lessons, dancing lessons, leadership lessons, oral expression courses, coaching, animal therapy... you name it. But it's still the same, I have found no reason for my personality, and therefore no "cure". Also, I don't wat to become an asshole that deceives people, I just want to show what I've got to give to them (positive things actually!).

Anyway, I don't mean to say that "the world is missing out on me". What hurts me is that people near me like my parents or my brother love me and would hate to see me suffer, but I know there is no way out of a lifetime of living mediocrily, underappreciated because of my on fault, what I want to get rid of is an essential part of me; that's why at this moment it seems like it all must go.

I don't want to live like this, I know people love me, and I love them back, but it's about me, I dont want a life in which I know the only thing that's stopping me has no solution. I know this sounds like a childish issue, and yes, many people have greater problems; but I feel like I'm on the edge of a downward spiral, where to cope with my life I will need drugs, alcohol, prostitutes, taking it out on someone else being abusive... which is why it will be better to end everything as it is, not doing anymore harm.

To keep my family and friends from pain, I'm planning to go secretly, tell them I'm going to travel somewhere nice, away from civilization to find peace, then I'll strand off to an even more remote place where no one will find my body and breathe some helium or nitrogen to sleep. They will think I suffered an accident and move on with their lives, which is far better than suicide.

Thank you for reading, I want to read all responses to this thread, the internet has surprised me in many positive ways before, but I doubt my mind can be changed.