The only posts I can make are pictures of my mom's dead cats, and I was sent here.I was trying to post this to r/declutter and it just timed-out.  My mom's computer is on the phone.  

I brought three vhs tapes because I threw away my VCR.  (Goodwill bythepound is what I requested, the vcr just needed the door ripped off or reset, I didn't look too close.)  Two were anime, one has a show I'd like to replace.  Geeze, I was trying to explain to mom how it wasn't as emotionally draining as she described it (closet*) by bringing up Labyrinth.... I had to request that she not scream like the last time I opened the media cabinet, I think it still would have been worth the effort to make the phone youtube to the chromecast.  (I don't know what was wrong with the chromecast, but the new ones are larger.) My fault, but mom has a vhs copy of Labyrinth.  Mom screaming about the media cabinets was because they were cheap flatpack and drunkenly opening them wrong would make a VHS mess.

Closet*, I think I dismissed all of my girlscout stuff, i kept a little of my school stuff, so two milkboxes gone.  (Sams club used to package two gallons of milk in boxes.)  I had a tote of toys already marked as mom's problem, but I went through it and added some to my keep tote again.  

I made my entire teacup collection mom's property.  There was this bowl that grandpaL gave to me and wasn't his style, he must have bought it for the sake of browsing an antique store, sorta the point of my teacup collection... While rummaging the china cabinet to make a space, I encountered a teacup with a pricetag that indicated that I probably foisted part of my collection on mom the very day i got it.  Now the bowl is going to be there until both of us forget why it's in the china cabinet.

FFS, my comic books from, 1997 survived because of plastic totes and I don't know which ones to prune.  At least the dishes were easy.  I'm keeping the stupid duck casserole, but other things went.  

What I came here to rant about was the art supplies.  I had a plastic drawer full of Crayola markers from late 1990's.  Early 2000's was when I told my mom to do something about them.  She put the markers in a shoebox and stored CD's in the drawers... I know you can revive crayola markers by dipping them in water, or send them to the factory for recycling.... I sent those fuckers to the landfill because I felt miserable when I tried to use them.  Don't shame me for thinking of us instead of the environment.  

There are also Testor bottles with 15C stamped on the top, and fabric paints that are 20 years old. I told her to get rid of them, but into the art fodder they go to mold.
