I feel like I want to kill myself, but I can't get the guts to do itIt's just gotten to the point where it's too much for me. 

School is killing me right now. I'm supposed to take the SAT next week and I haven't even studied because I can't get the energy to do it. I feel like such a lazy failure because I sabotaged my own chance of getting into a good college. 

I have been way too tired this week and now I have all these assignments I have to turn in next week but I just don't want to do them. All I want to do is rest and pretend everything is going to be okay, but I can't. 

I don't even know what is going on with my college application. I haven't had time to open my essay in 3 weeks. I feel like I'm not going to get in anywhere because I'm so uninteresting and I didn't do anything particularly cool during my high school years. Even one of my teachers told me I shouldn't be applying to competitive colleges because I wouldn't be able to deal with the pressure. I tried to work hard during high school because I really wanted to leave this town, and hearing that just killed me. It's just a reminder that I'll never be good enough at anything no matter how hard I try. 

People at school hate me. I try really hard to just lay low and get through the day, but I always end up opening my big mouth to say something and other people think I'm so annoying. My 'friends' don't even care if I show up or not. I try to share things with them but they just ignore me. I feel so lonely. They get angry at me because I try to get them to go to concerts or conferences and things like that with me because I don't want to go by myself. They tell me I'm very impulsive and they hate me for that. 

I fight with my mom about everything every single day and I just hate thinking about getting home from school because I know I'm going to fight with her again. At the same time I also hate being in school because I can't even think clearly anymore. She hates the fact that I can't lose weight. I try really hard, but I just can't.

I thought I had gotten better... I was trying to kill myself last year, but I managed to get through. Now I'm not really sure I am better. I feel like I just want to end it all. I can't see how there is a possibility things will get better. At the same time I'm just too much of a coward to actually do it. I keep thinking about 'what if'. What if things do get better and I stopped myself from ever achieving that by killing myself? I also keep thinking about my parents and how embarrassing it would be for them to have to go through my death. They would be the parents of that girl who killed herself. They would be shamed as bad parents, as the parents who didn't pay enough attention to realize their child was going through something, and it's not that at all. I know they do care, they just don't understand. I've tried to make others understand, but nobody does. I don't know how much longer I can go on like this. 

Re-reading what I wrote, it sounds so victimizing and self-centered... I'm sorry, I just wanted to let it all out. 