Short drop suspension just doesn't want to kill me/Life backgroundI guess this a throwaway account after this post.

For quick background, I used to be a loser with no real path forward in life. But know I am trying to live my best life. I have a career plan I'm happy with, I'm pursuing my artistic projects (music, writing, artistry,etc.). I am dealing with some financial issues right now but it's nothing I know I can't get out of. Fortunately I'm an intern as a web developer, so being able to work from home has saved me from the recession going on right now.

For some reason though, I still feel hopeless and empty. I'm currently taking anti-depressants, and have seen counselors/psychiatrists before, and am somewhat aware of therapeutic behaviours and have tried to implement them. Listening to Jordan B. Peterson's lectures have helped me a lot in the past. I also don't have any real family issues or childhood traumas. I've been pretty fortunate with the life I've been provided.

Although no matter what, I still feel like it all doesn't justify the shitty decisions I still make, and I'm convinced that even if I make headway with my goals, they will either come crashing down, or something worse will come along to take it's place.

I've even tried seeking God, to see if there's a higher purpose to my life that I haven't recognized, that would make my suffering worthwhile. But no matter how often I call out, he never responds. I'm not sure how much a sentiment like this will click with Reddit's tendency towards athiesm.

I tried short drop suspension about a year ago, and I think I was doing it wrong, because you're apparently supposed to just pass out somewhat quickly, but it wasn't happening to me. So I had let it go and still tried to live my life. This was before I had my life more together.

For the past week or so know, I've been desperately trying again, for many nights in a row. Apparently it's supposed to be painless, but every time I try it, it makes my head pound with pain and I loosen the noose with a pounding pain in my temples. Does anyone know what I'm doing wrong? I've tried it in a various places on my neck and I still get that result.

Tldr: I've tried everything to make my life worthwhile, but no matter what, I still feel like the pain far outweighs the good. I still have many flaws/issues that never go away, or they get worse. Can someone please help me figure out why the short drop suspension method just gives me a massive headache instead of killing me? Or I guess you could give a shot at trying to convince me life is worthwhile. I'll try my best to carefully consider it, thanks.