Been very suicidal the last few weeks.I've been kinda suicidal for a few months but the last few weeks I've been having a lot of trouble finding a reason to stay. I keep drinking everyday and smoking weed to try and feel better. I know it doesn't really make me feel better but it's so much better that being sober and sad. I stay up till 3 am tossing and turning in bed thinking about my life then I finally fall asleep and then it's impossible to get up. I'll lay in bed until 4pm. All I think about is how pointless my life is. I work at a job that I hate. And I lack all motivation to go to school and do better for myself. I tried to do it, but 90% of the classes I took I dropped or just did really bad in. I thought it was because I I kept finding I didn't like the things I was going for but now I realize it's just because I have no passion for anything. So I tried just going to dental assistant because it's easy and doesn't require a lot of work. But then I thought about what the fuck is the point of doing a job that I hate, I don't want to live a life like that, but I also seem to hate every job. I just hate working, I have no motivation. Which is also why I'm 120 lbs over weight. I have to self confidence. I'm convinced I can't do anything. I'm relying on my boyfriend of 4 years to support me but I'm convinced he hates me and just is afraid of being alone so that's why he won't leave me. Everyone I've tried to talk to just says you just need to get motivated, you need to try, you need to do this and this and then you'll get better. I need to stop feeling sorry for myself. But how do I gain motivation to improve my life when I lack motivation to just shower once a day. I just don't see the point in living this life anymore. The only people I care to stay alive for is my parents but my mom's sick and probably won't be alive in a few years and my dad's super over weight and unhealthy so he probably won't be around much longer. I don't want to live anymore. Ive even made a plan, looked up how to tie a noose and have a backyard full of trees. I have note to leave written in my phone. I've had this stuff ready of a while, and it's just been waiting for me to run out of reasons to stay alive and I think I've run out of them.