my husband is gaslighting me: claiming I emotionally abuse himHe had another bout of being emotionally abusive last week, plus a week of the silent treatment. The usual things: I never loved you, I just went along with the relationship out of low self esteem, etc. 

He was contrite, acknowledged that he is Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, but could not recall saying that at all, acted surprised that he said it, but he's willing to work on it, see a therapist, etc. Said he would talk to the therapist about all this, but just didn't happen to tell me he had no appointments with the therapist until I specifically asked him when his next appointment is. I thought that was concerning. 

I told him this morning that I am feeling despair about life, feeling so down about my life and heartbroken. He walked away. 20 minutes later I asked him why he walked away, and he came back reluctantly.   
I asked him if he had looked at the book, Why Men Batter Women, as I had asked him to look at the emotional abuse test. (He does not hit me or harm me physically). I had told him he got 28 points when I reviewed the test and his behavior. 

He said yes that he read it to assess my emotional abuse of him and he scored me at 31 points.

I honestly thought he would most likely see his father in this list - and really start to understand what emotional abuse is and then maybe (since he is Dr Jekyll right now) really start to see his own behavior in that light. And recognize that it's not ok to do those things. 

I asked him how he could literally read that as a victim and did he even look at his own behavior when he saw the list? No, he just saw that he is being abused. 

It is not true, and I am willing to reread the list and see if there is anything I do that could even remotely be classified as emotionally abusive. 

He then denied ever saying last week that he did not love me and had never loved me. He said he has never said it, I've documented multiple times he has said it. 

Fortunately I called a friend and she told me he was gaslighting me. She remembers all the times I've called and told her what he said. 

I already feel despair and don't feel like life is worth living. I don't have anywhere safe to go.

I have means and a method and feel like now. 

I am so sorry, I don't want others to feel despair, I'm in this mess of a situation right now and cannot see a way out.