Honestly just considering printing this out and using it as my "note."The depression and loneliness and bitterness I have come to experience recently has transcended any sort of emotional pain I have ever experienced in my life prior to this. I have never been more traumatized, frustrated, and angry at myself and everyone else. I essentially hate everything about myself, many things about others, and everything about my life and the choices I've made and the circumstances I've been placed into. 

Being the unwilling subject of a breakup is just about the worst possible experience I think I could have undergone at this point in my adult life, and my self esteem, energy, and happiness is now in the toilet. School and work used to give me a sense of fulfillment; now they only stress me out. I have no considerable talents or contributions to make to anyone or anything in this world. I used to consider living on my own as an accomplishment; now I consider it a burden. I have no strength left to meet new people, express myself, or even attempt to move on from being left in the cold not once, but twice in the last 2 years. 

The loneliness and heartbreak and frustration I currently feel is overwhelming me to the point of desperation. I have begun to lash out at those whom I love, I have begun to engage in self-destructive behavior, and I no longer recognize myself when I look in the mirror. I don't remember how to have a good time anymore. I don't even remember how to be happy. I'm literally going crazy without my ex, whom I still love with all my heart and whom I miss like no other. It breaks my heart knowing he couldn't care less about how I feel, or what's been happening to me as a direct result of abandoning me. I hate where I am in life, I hate that I have to work so hard just to survive when my peers and friends are living the easy life. I hate that while I'm sad and alone and miserable that those who have given up on me are leading happy, fulfilling, active lives, never looking back on what they had with me. 

I've lost count of how many friends I've said "goodbye" to in the last year. I fully realize that I'm shoving away those who try to help me. It's not personal. It's just that 1) I have no strength anymore to go on with my life and 2) There really isn't anything anyone could say or do to help me or make me feel better at all. I feel completely alone in this pain, and like I'm "circling the drain," so to speak. I get up in the morning, go to class, go to work, and do whatever else I need to do but I'm empty inside now. My life has only gotten more stressful and thanks to my ex, now I have to face everything alone. And I honestly feel like I can't. I have no one on my side anymore. I have no one to lean back on. I have no one to run into their arms and forget I ever had a bad day. 

God has forsaken me long ago, and my family is over 1,000 miles away. I haven't seen them since Christmas and won't see them again until May. I can't afford therapy, medication, or counseling. The friends I have are tired of my depression, my meltdowns, and my bitterness. I see no change in circumstances in the near future or anything happening that would make me feel as if my life were going any better. I'm having panic and anxiety attacks, I'm banging my head against walls, I've been getting excessively intoxicated by myself, and I've started smoking again.

I continue to struggle with the most basic of daily functions. I've called off work, skipped classes, and lapsed on my obligations because the only thing I have the sheer energy to do is sit around and think about how miserable I am. I'm so sexually frustrated and pent up as well. I'm cooped up, lonely, and bored in my apartment in a ghetto neighborhood that was all I could afford. My bank account is bleeding. I just don't care anymore. I have already accepted that I'll never meet anyone else, and for good reason. No sane person would ever want to be with me, or even get with me. I'm going to work 30 or 40 years and die broke and alone. 

I'm broken and I don't know how to fix myself. I've fallen and I can't get back up. I hate myself and I hate my life. And there's nothing I can do but sit here and rage. Fuck everyone who has hurt me, you'll all regret it when I'm gone.