I need help.I have severe anxiety and I can't get help. Everyone around me is dealing with their own shit and can't help me with mine. I don't know why I'm posting here or even if it's the right place. I'm so severely depressed and anxious and I don't want to kill myself but I don't see a point of being here anymore. I wish I wasn't here and that I didn't exist. I wish I could man-up and do the right thing but I can't. I'm not a man, I'm a fucking freak of a boy and I can't do anything right.

I'm in debt to my friends and my family and the government and I can't seem to pay it off. I work my ass off at a job I love, but it pays minimum wage and I barely get any hours so it doesn't mean shit. The business is going under soon adn I'm going with it.

I've been trying to apply for other jobs but it's so exhausting and anxiety-inducing and I don't think I can do it anymore. Bills get behind, debts get behind, life gets behind. People are constantly on my ass for not doign this or that, and I don't know how to tell them I just can't, at least I can't on my own.

No one believes me. Everyone thinks I'm exaggerating and making up illnesses, even though I have diagnoses from doctors and paperowrk saying there's somtehing wrong. Severe anxiety, depression, ADHD, a few chronic pain disorders. It's all diagnosed, as is my anorexia, and my shitty past experiences. But everywhere I go I'm being gaslit and nobody fucking cares. When they do care, they can't help because they have their own thing going on. I don't blame them. I wouldn't be able to help me either.

I help so many people out and never help myself. I don't deserve it. I'm drowning in myself and I want to stop. I'm a transgender piece of shit freak and I just wish I had been born a man, without this anxiety and depression, without the ADHD and without being in so much pain constantly that I can barely stand to shower. I wish I could eat. I wish I *deserved* to eat. I wish I could see a doctor. I wish I could finish my paperwork. I wish I could even look at my bank account without having a panic attack.

I'm an adult by age but I am struggling by the day. I'm realizing every day that I have been abused, over and over again, and I had no idea and I feel so stupid.

I'm so sorry for rambling here. I feel like everyone has it so much worse and I'm just pathetic. If you read this far thank you. You don't have to reply, I know how pathetic and disgusting and boring I sound just through text. I don't know what I'm hoping to get out of this, but I have a family (no kids thankfully) and I can't tell any of them that I'm feeling like this. There's so much more I didn't mention, but it's all so boring and pathetic and I could write books on how horrible everything is right now but no one would want to read them. I'm an awful person and I just don't deserve to be here.

**EDIT: I took a warm shower and changed into clean clothes so I could clear my head. I am no longer panicking. I've decided to work out a payment plan with my family and I am going to cut out the expense of food because I do not need it as much as my SO does. I am going to stop eating so I can still work off some of the debt before I die. I appreciate the few upvotes from those of you who took the time to press the buttom. Thank you.**