Really tired of life.I don't know if this belongs here but I guess I'm just letting off steam. I remember getting depressed at maybe around 11 years old or so, had a self harming thing that went on hiatus before I went on and off it (only did it out of boredom), had a phase where I'd persistently look up suicide methods, tried some out (tried suffocating myself with a tie). No one knew and still don't know anything about me. My family relationship is good, but they're more like roommates to me. My parents caught me self harming recently and few years back but nothing was really done.

I was more emotional back then but it's a lot different now. Not gonna get into it but I struggle with a lot of identity issues, emotions in general (can't express or identify them properly, can't react properly to other people's emotions), violent and angry thoughts/urges, empathy problems, and a lot of social problems. I also lack a lot of emotional connection or bonds, no matter what, I cannot feel that close emotional bond to people. Not even family. I'm not smart at all, have huge problems with time management, lack of motivation, can't study without literally wanting to hang myself, so any future career hopes are down the drain. I'm transgender, so I'll never feel fully whole in my body. Everything just seems so boring. 

Everything is dull to me, but the weird thing is that I don't really feel sadness or happiness anymore. I don't feel loneliness at all because I don't desire people. In fact, my internal self seems perfectly 'fine', more or less. The emotions that I probably feel the most are content, neutral, and anger. My depression is more of a 'eh I'm gonna die anyway so fuck it', I'm going with the flow now and I'm more relaxed knowing that I've already made my choice. I have set a death date, but it's in at least 10-15 ish years from now so it's not really something people need to worry about. I want to sort of play a game and see how far I can last before I off it.

TL;DR Just venting out about how I lost hope for myself. I'm fucked, basically. 