i want to dieI dont even know where to begin. I was supposed to be getting married in august. I have borderline personality disorder, and have been in treatment for 6 months.
I picked out my dream wedding, planned on paying for it. Everything. I did it.
My fiances mom decided it can't be like that though. It has to be in the same state. On a different date. At her lakehouse.
All I said was over the phone, "I dont want to get married at your lakehouse because I planned my wedding and booked it over a year ago." 
"so you think my place is a dump??"
"no...."

Then she hung up, went ballistic over text (I explained why I couldnt have my wedding where/when she wanted because my bridesmaids are in a different wedding that weekend) called me a liar, then said "I hope you and (my son) have a great life together, because nobody will believe your lies, I HAVE A GOOD reputation." She then cancelled my bridal shower, reception (she wanted to plan these, she had plans set a year ago), and told my fiances brother to not take pictures for us anymore. I made a post on facebook saying "I dont want to get married at your lakehouse. I didnt say it was a dump. I planned on this wedding for years. You don't need to cancel everything and get mad at me over it. Why do you want to crush my dreams? I wanted this wedding since I was a kid. What is wrong with you?"

Now im getting texts from my fiances other siblings telling me to apologize to her. I didn't do anything wrong.

Besides all this, my fiance was getting upset with lack of sex. He was debating if he should even get married because my sex drive is low. Now I also have endometriosis, get terrible cramps even on the iud. I get physically ill and bleed.. He went on the deadbeadrooms reddit and started showing me top posts on why im like terrible or something for not wanting sex all the time. But I get sick, it hurts a lot. And it hurts for days after. Its not fun. 


Also. I was seeing my 3 therapists up until last month. Every appointment ended up being me venting and then them telling me that the solution to my problems would be to get a better job. Well. I got a better paying job, but now, I cant attend any dbt classes because they are only on the times I work. I do not know how to cope with anything. I want to cut myself to deal with the stress but my fiance physically stops me, which results in him getting hurt sometimes from snatching blades away quickly or whatnot. 
He also harasses me a lot about money still. I have a lot of hospital debt and about 2k credit card debt. I get told every day about money and how I should save it. If I want to buy a burger I can't because its a waste of money. I have to make everything from scratch. Even after my 12 hour shifts.

Also my job pretty much sucks. Its okay because it pays more than min wage. But the ladies there are so bored they would rather fight with me than work., 