This might be a tough one, but any help is nice.When it really gets down to it, my dad is leading me to a path of successful suicide. Wanting me to get an MBA and become a CEO, when in reality, I can never do such a thing. My social anxiety is so bad I could never lead people, hell it's hard enough as is working with people. He shows no concern that all my time is taken up and I'm not able to be with friends, and only is mad that I lose time that I need to use to do schoolwork, when in reality my friends are more important to me than that. My friends are my FAMILY, they are the ones who can get me to open up and truly show sides of myself I never realized I had, while my true family solely serves it's on-paper purpose to feed, house, and "nurture" me. Time with my friends spent talking about life helps me feel less alone in this god damned world, and leads me to feel I have something worth reaching for. I shouldn't complain however, because my life is "amazing." I grew up in an above average income house, and am currently being raised to be successful, under the ridiculous oppressiveness of my super naïve father, whose only care in the world is that I make good money in life. My feelings, and anything I want to pursue that I may enjoy is completely out of the question, dare I ask it. I am not allowed to complain, as most others have it so much worse than I do, and would give anything to be in my position. That hurts the most. When I truly think about all my problems and realize that socially, people feel they are insignificant because they are mental issues, and I should just "get over it." This makes me further question if I'm just crazy, and I have no reason to be feeling this way, because society forces me to believe so. I was told I shouldn't have stress by my dad, because I am a "kid." While this statement may seem to make sense to him, is horrendously misconstrued and further proves he, and the rest of my family, don't have the slightest idea of what actually goes on in my life. I am consistently in an endless spiral of stress over situations that, when I really think about them, don't matter. And I only feel they don't matter because when I really get down and think about it, all these stupid situations could be solved by committing suicide. Worrying about getting my credits and passing my high school and college classes, worrying about what kind of job I'm going to get, and worrying about my future which I believe will be super lonely, which hurts so much to think about. I feel all this pain I have of the future could easily be released if I killed myself. I would no longer have another care in the world, and I guess would peacefully drift off into sleep. However, I'm also scared to die. I fear what will happen next, and this makes me want to keep on going, but I know in the recesses of my mind that one day all the stress will get to me, and I'll just make the rash decision and kill myself. Maybe this is why I need to talk to my friends and open up, Dad. Or maybe this is the reason I am thinking about all of these things at once. Something I know for sure is I can never show anyone this, because if one of them found out, they'd look at me different for the rest of our lives. I'd no longer be that friend that they're comfortable with, I'd be that weirdo who's suicidal but too pussy to do it. Sending this into a therapeutic hospital would probably get me landed in the crazy ward too, wouldn't it? 


Sorry for the horrible mess, but I guess any advice is appreciated. This is something I wrote down when thinking about my life and what hurts me, which explains how poorly written it is.