I tried to kill myself on new years.This going to be a long post.. any advice.. comments, are really appreciated. Love you already. Sorry in advance on a messy post, Im writing this past midnight and im really flooding with thoughts and all that. 
fyi; Im a 17 year old girl.

I tried to kill myself on new years. I am already really depressed, and during the day i got ditched by my family and friends. i ended up being alone. It was kind of the absolute last spill i could take, so i ended up overdosing on my shower floor, and one of my neighbours heard me collapse so he carried me to the hospital. When i signed in, i faked my name, address and my whole identity. (I know its illegal stop please) because i knew i had to fly in a few days, i knew they would keep me there more time then i had. I ended up climbing out of my window and running home. It feels unreal, and numbing. I kind of feel like i dont even remember it all properly, im not quite sure why. I just have strong feelings come up whenever i think about the day. 

About three years ago I experienced the most excruciating months of my life.. during it one of my best friends killed herself (she was found after months of being missing, under the ice, drowned.) and another close friend died in a traffic accident. I cant really explain, it felt so fucking fucked up and everyone pretty much broke apart. Everything I knew from that town died off and it just freaking sucked. I really miss the both of them so so much, I swear. I've never had such a strong emotion or desire towards anything. I love them so much and i still do. sometimes it feels like I don't even remember what they look like anymore, and in general this past seems so fake and unreal. If there is an afterlife, I hope they're okay now. :/

During these past few years, I really have developed depression and anxiety. and I self harm way too much to deal with them, to the point that i need to apply fake skin (which is used for halloween) on my hands to cover those fucking shred marks. Now, since then, I have moved to a different country. In this new school i am in, everything is significantly more pressuring.. everyone I know are so fucking fake, and their prime purpose of life is getting into Stanford.
I have friends here, and asking anyone, i guess i could seem like one of those people with loads of friends and in general highly liked in this place, but its really not like this. I have fun with my friends now and then i guess, but i know they don't give a shit about me. I told about my past and my current diagnosis to a few of them, and they really brushed it off, to a point where a month later I tried to talk to them about it again.. they had totally forgotten what I had told them. All they want to talk about is always how their boyfriend problems are soooo important and all that fucking bullshit.

Last may, I contacted one of my teachers asking them for an ear. He is the first adult who I've actually ever had a conversation like this before.. and every time i ever try to talk to someone about my shitty ass past or feelings, i cry like a bitch throughout the day/week. its fucking humiliating. back to the story. He really was the most lovely empathetic teacher I have ever met. I ended up kind of telling this typical rap to him, (my past, and what i feel like at the moment, except i never told him about my self harm).  He ended up inviting me over to his house to get to know his wife since she had similar experiences. Instead of talking about all the disgusting feelings stuff, we talked about everyday things.. music (which he has amazing taste on) and it was just really nice having a proper conversation with someone normally. Since then, he's acting different towards me, every time he sees me he has this sour face as if I'm some kind of time consuming freak. the problem is.. I've developed a huge crush on him, i fucking hate it, every time i see him i cant breathe, i panic i get so sad.. (I have frequent panic attacks every day for no reason anyway) and it hurts me so much how much he ignores me. i go out of my way to take a route in school where he is most likely to be all the time. I know his timetable. He is all i think about now.

I've become really suicidal and to the point that i feel like no human being actually gives a shit about anything or anyone. in the end, we are all selfish motherfuckers who only go for our own benefit. the whole world is based on getting money from you and convincing everyone on how happy we are.

I don't really know what part i want advice on. I just need some feedback. anything.
