I want to go.I feel like people are just giving me lip service when they say they'd be devastated If I went through with it.

I'm supremely fucked up - My mom was/is a textbook narcissist, my dad was/is her enabler. He was also gone for 90% of my childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood. I made one attempt at the beginning of quarantine, but obviously wasn't successful. Too fucking stupid and cowardly to do it right, so here I am. Living the miserable existence I am told is "worth living for".

Ok, but why?

I keep getting told "things will get better"," "we'd be devastated," "how could you do this to us?"

Lies. Name literally one good thing that's happened in 2020. We're on the brink of the fucking apocalypse. My town is likely going to be shut down for another few months because people can't fucking follow simple directions. Not like I have anywhere to go or anyone to see. I have no friends. My family is fucked...my mom was my abuser, my dad left my sister and I with her virtually all the time, and my sister now A) doesn't acknowledge the abuse and B) straight up doesn't talk to me anymore.

I recently learned I have ADHD. My mom was a teacher, and she refused to acknowledge the fact that I was showing signs of it all through elementary school. I could have struggled SO MUCH LESS. I could have gotten through school without literally being beat for bad grades, punished, compared to my peers, and feeling like I was born stupid.

I'm in therapy, I'm about to finish school again as an adult, but I just..can't find a point to anything anymore. Why bother wasting the therapists' time? Why bother going back to school? I can't manage to get above a C in any of the practice tests because I'm a fucking idiot. Why waste my time with it?

If I'm gone, I literally have no more problems anymore.

When I did attempt, my dad freaked out and made it all about him. "How could you do this to me? Your mother? Us?"

Fuck off. Where were you my whole life when that bitch was hitting us? Screaming at us? Refusing to let us leave the house? **NOW** you care?

I hung up on him because he was yelling at me, so he called everyone we knew- my neighbors, my in laws, my hand-me-down family friends, threatened to call the cops if I didn't answer him.

&amp;#x200B;

My  husband says he'd be devastated...but I just don't know if I can believe him. He could have literally anyone else. I think he's only staying with me out of pity- he has lifelong friends, a great job, pays most of our bills... why would he waste his time with a loser like me? I mean, sure, he'd probably be upset for a while, but he'd get over it eventually, right?

I mean, people keep telling me they'd be so sad or whatever, but would they *really?*  I feel like that's a huge crock. I mean, if my family really cared, my mom wouldn't have been an abusive piece of shit. My dad would have stepped in and prevented my mom from being a piece of shit. My sister would call me, or text me, like ever. 

Nobody cares enough  to reach out as it stands; would they really be upset if I were gone? That's just be one less thing for them to ever waste brain power or emotional energy on.

&amp;#x200B;

I  have been in this hole for so long. I hurt. I feel like nothing is working, and it's wasting my time (and money) to try to "fix" it. Why do I have to stay here? I'm just in pain and I hate myself all the time. I don't even remember who I was before this. Or rather,  I think I've always been this way, I just never wanted to admit it to myself.

I hate being here. I don't want to keep trying. What is the payoff? I keep slogging away in a cruel, unjust world, wasting my time trying to claw my way back to being "well" in the midst of a global pandemic?

Continue being a fat fucking loser with no friends? Continue to waste my poor therapists' time and energy? Waste more money on pills that don't work? Relive my childhood trauma on repeat, every day?

I just don't want to keep doing it anymore. Despite saying all this, I am genuinely not concerned that I am "in danger". I honestly am too chickenshit to actually go through with anything, and I'm terrified of trying, fucking up, and being sent to a psych ward, and having my abusive POS mom try to take control of my life "for my safety".

IDK. Thanks for reading this far, I guess.