I just cant life with this web of lies I createdI dont really know how to start this off and I want to also apologize if my language is a bit strange. English is not my first language.

To start it off, im 19. Living with my parents, my mother was diagnosed with cancer earlier this year, she is cancer free now but the chances of it coming back are high. My father has been on medication for his schizophrenia &amp; depression all my life. I dont know if he was smart before it all happend but he is really bad at communicating and understanding stuff now. He's not been working since my mother got diagnosed which is when I noticed that without my mother he would living like an animal. I have a 12 year old sister, shes not bad at school but only plays minecraft and watches youtube videos in her free time. In my country (Germany) there are 3 ways of education. She is currently in the highest one, I was too but I stopped going to school when I started making my own money by being a fraud online. I am not allowed to start with my Abitur (Higher School Certificate after 12 years of school) as I dont have the right grades for it. I am scum, I'll admit it but for a 16 year old making thousands of euros without getting out of the appartment I didnt care about any harm I did. By nature I dont care about people except my parents and my sister and my grandmother, I wouldnt wish harm to extended family but I dont care about them or anybody else.

Back to me, after starting to earn my money and not being able to continue pursuing higher education (Abitur) because I simply didnt care about grades or showing up I slowly stopped making money and for a good 2 years now I simply dont do it. I have been out for so long that I couldnt start now if I wanted to. Currently my parents believe im a millionaire that for tax reasons doesnt want to bring the money to germany and get it taxed. They think Ill meet an attorney in the next few months to get money into Germany. I currently have about 2000€ to my name. I told my father I would give them money to pay off their debt (20k) and pay 50% of the house they've been saving up for. They think I have a successful IT business, I have nothing. Nothing at all. No money, no education, I am not very smart either, I am too proud to admit to my lies. 

I simply cant live with this lie anymore, I have been lying to them and everybody else for years now and I just cant stop it now. I've been thinking of taking out loans and getting money other ways to give something to my family and then just ending it in a hotel by making it look like I got killed and/or robbed. I dont know why I am posting this either as made this decision months ago I just couldnt do it yet. 