My goodbye :)I honestly don’t feel like I can keep going for much longer. I don’t want to keep writing out what happened but the in general idea is, my boyfriend cheated on me with a thot (who in actuality probably isn’t even his girlfriend fucking OOF) he also lied about his other ex calling her a crazy psycho bitch, he is lying about ME saying I’m manipulative all because I had one break down after he tried to break up with me (he was acting like a Cunt and it fucked with me along with the fact that I came home needing someone to talk to but he was also never the person to care about my mental health either) he calls me crazy and tells everyone lies about me trying to ruin me because he didn’t love me like he said. I’m getting borderline harassed because me and his (ex) best friend are dating now. HE IS LITERALLY FUCKING MAKING FUN OF HIS OWN BESTFRIEND BECAUSE OF ME WHO DID VERY LITTLE WRONG AND EVEN THEN I APOLOGIZED FOR HOW I ACTED AND I SAID HE COULD LEAVE BUT HE STILL TRIED TO PITY ME!

He is a fucking psychopath and I think he needs genuine help but I’ll never say that to anyone about him because i try to be a nice person and I tried so hard not to hate him but what he’s doing is fucking with me hard. He has given me anxiety for a good few weeks now too and he’s also the reason I’m cutting myself with scissors. Originally I didn’t want to blame him and I didn’t blame him for what I was doing when some of his friends who still cared about me (cough cough his best friend) found out they basically just started to hate him. His best friend knew a little bit but not the full story until I told him absolutely everything that he didn’t know.

I’m fucking tired of it all and it’s really hard to stop myself from cutting so I think I’m going to just do it to escape at this point.

This is my goodbye

But one last thing I’m not upset he broke up with me IM HAPPY HE DID AT THIS POINT I’m upset with how he’s treating me and at this point it feels like he’s trying to make me feel horrible.