what turned into a simple question, into a sucide noteI'm a male, 20. sorry for crap ass formatting. I'm on a phone. 

It's a pretty dumb question and I guess typing this and thinking about searching it up makes more sense but i guess this is my final message to the world before I do it. And now I guess I can once in my life receive more attention than I've ever wanted, unfortunately it's over the internet with a bunch of strangers. even that feels more valuable than anything I've ever gone through with my family. 

I guess this is more becoming a suicide note which is fucking shitty now that I think of it but there's nothing to stop me. I don't even know why I started writing this. Anyways

just 5 hours ago I realized I needed $1930.45 in a week to pay for school or else I'm getting kicked out. and to sum things up, my life has gone to shit right now. I only have $167 on my account, my parents won't pay for my school and I can't get financial aid. I don't know why I deserved to live this shitty life and I wish it was easier to get out of it instead of making it a bigger issue for someone else. nobody really knows about me, I have friends over the internet and even they see me as the annoying person. my siblings don't see me as a human being. my parents use me to out their anger and frustrations. I wasted all my summer playing video games and not getting a job because I'm a stupid lazy cunt. all my life I've never been happy or just feel like I have a goal in mind. it's just a linear path. my parents put me in school until I was 18 so not until 20 (now) I have no fucjing clue what I'm doing right now and I don't even want to be apart of this world. it's so weird to say because duh everyone wants something and everyone likes something. I love video games and I would love to get a job that has to do with video games but I wasn't born smart or creative enough to figure it out. the only reason I enjoy video game is it's because it's all I've had since I was born. my parents or siblings never gave me attention and I never made any friends. I never felt actual emotion until these past two-three years. and all I've felt is depression and getting sick every day. idk what getting sick has to do with anything but I can't stand these headaches every time I go to bed or get out of bed.

IDK if I'm supposed to format this. it makes me happy to know that at least someone will know my story. i hope someone reads this haha. I've never felt so relieved talking about my life. ive never talked about my life before. instead my tears of sadness are tears of joy, it gets to end soon. anyways my wholelife is a shit show I suck at life and IDC about having a future. the thing that kills me is the girl who fell in love with me.

I found someone 8 months ago who fell in love with me. I thought it was interesting considering someone found an interest in me. I never cared about girls or having a relationship. She made me feel something. She made me feel like a person and I fell in love with her. we were both in love and it was magical. two weeks in we started dating, three weeks later she moved to a different state to study. it was torture and I've never felt so alone. it sucked falling in love because I felt something, only to be abandoned. instead of feeling nothing I felt sadness. she returned this week and the feeling is gone. I felt nothing. It was horrible having to acknowledge that. 

it pains whatever is left in my tiny heart, to leave her in this shitty world. she is the nicest and the most wholesome person I've known ever to fucking exist. she deserves everything in this world. so I hope that she meets someone she will fall in love with, more than she has with me and forgets about me. I don't want to make anyone sad or feel bad. I plan to take my parents car and drive as far as I fucking can. I don't want anyone to find my body, it's fucked up. even if it's the worlds shittiest parents, I don't want to be an inconvenience to anyone anymore. I want to be reported missing and never found again. I don't know how far I'll drive but maybe a miracle will lhappen along the way or maybe my life will change. but when I stop, I'm going to end my life.

please, if somebody ever meets the most beautiful girl in the world, named Claire, please be nice to her. she doesn't deserve any sadness in this world. I love you so much Claire. goodbye.