Hyperacusis completely destroyed my lifeI'm not going to start telling all my medical history because I'm in a lot of pain right now, but basically I have Hyperacusis which is an extreme sensitivity to noise. Basically all the noises and sounds hurt, sometimes even my own voice. I can't listen to music (which before all of this started was the greatest love of my life), nor watch shows with sounds on, going out of the house is a nightmare because of the noises and sounds on the street and I basically lost all my friends (never had many friends to begin with because I'm introverted and shy) because even talking on the phone for more than a minute hurts my ears. also my ear is in constant burning pain even when everything is quiet. 

It all started about 4.5 years ago when I was prescribed antibiotic ear drops by my ENT for ear infection, only later I found out those ear drops can cause hyperacusis and tinnitus (which I also got a bit) and that it happened to other people too. I constantly blame myself every day for not checking about those meds before I took them, I'm such a fool for trusting those doctors. I HATE MYSELF SO MUCH!

as you can tell, because of the disability that hyperacusis caused me my whole life is in a dire rut. before the whole coronavirus thing started I worked night shifts half-time earning much less than minimum wage because that's all I was able to do in my situation. I can't even study something at home so I could maybe find something to work from home at because of my constant pains, I can't concentrate on anything and even writing this is difficult for me, but I need to let it out somehow (sorry for the incoherent rambling).
I also probably have chronic fatigue (undiagnosed because even going out to see doctors is extremely hard for me, and when I do go to doctor appointments they usually tell me it's all in my head or that they can't help) and I'm just tired all the time and spend most of my days sleeping. Only in my dreams I have normal and happy lives where I can listen to music and sounds, so I like to sleep as much as I can. But when I wake up, I'm waking up to the nightmare that is my reality. 

The situation with my parents is also very hard, my mother still don't believe my pains are real and thinks all my pains are in my head all and not real and constantly berates me, though I do understands the whole situation is hard for her. I still have my own apartment but because my financial situation isn't great I depend on my parents for food and other stuff.

I'm thinking basically every minute that I'm awake about ending it all and making plans but I'm too afraid i'll fail in my attempt so I just keep suffering this horrid existence.

Thank you for reading it all