So I tried to hang myself todaySo I thought I’d share what happened. 
Ok so I stood on my bed with my head through I piece of rope I had somewhat tie wrapped around a beam not in a noose but kinda looped around a nail. Anyway that doesn’t really matter. So I was standing there I started to let all my weight hang in my neck my feet didn’t even leave my bed so I guess I wasn’t technically hanging but whatever. I felt all the blood rush to my head my felt light like when you hang upside down to long and you start to feel light headed but more intense. This was probably the most painful part. After that I don’t really know what happened it went really fast I guess I past out and I remember thinking about something Important or meaningful and I remember feeling a certain way but I can’t figure out what that feeling was or remember what that thought was I’ve tried so hard to remember but I can’t which really sucks. Whatever this thought was it somewhat woke me up my body suddenly felt a realisation of what was happening and stopped itself. I somewhat awakened and for a few seconds didn’t know what was going on I tried to move and was restrained by the rope around my neck I reached up and unhooked it and immediately collapsed onto my bed. I really felt like I was dying in this moment I tried to cough but I got stuck in my throat I couldn’t move I could barely breath a I automatically started crying struggling for breaths. I could feel the blood running through my hole body this sounds weird but I don’t know how else to explain it but I could feel every part of my body. It was the weirdest feeling and that’s the only way I can explain it like it felt like my body was coming back to life piece by piece. I really can’t explain the feeling. My neck ached and I was really hard to swallow my whole moth and throat get raw. It’s 5 or 6 hours now since and my throat and mouth still feel raw, my neck has a like a rash like mark around it aswell and a graze from the rope (which is gonna be fun to try and cover) I also have a lot of pain between the middle of my eyebrows and like the start of my right eyebrow. This pain feels as if I’ve just been punched in the face like when you get a black eye and the bruise is starting to develop. I originally thought that it was a bruise and I had hit my head but it doesn’t hurt when I touch it like a bruise would. It’s a really weird and painful.So yea that’s what happened I thought I’d share the story in case anyone was interested in what it felt like sorry it was so long.