i'm not sure i can go oni've had a wall of text, but it was just a mess(this is still going to be a mess, but not that big). let's make it shorter.
EDIT: whatever, still a wall of text. but it's still better than the abomination that I've had written before

I probably have some kind of social anxiety, because when someone I'm not really close with tries to talk with me, my heartbeat goes crazy and I start losing conscience.

My closest friend just..ignores me(i know, she lives 80 km away and has to work(i'm 16 and don't really have job, while she's 18 with a part time), but she promised that when she goes to her grandma, who lives just a few kilometers away from me, she'd tell me. I know she's there, she even posted photos from there on facebook.(sorry if I sound like a stalker of some kind, but I just logged onto facebook and it just popped on my wall. im gonna sound like an asshole, but it ruined my mood even more..just thinking about it) on one hand I am happy that she's having a good time(she suffers from depression, too), but still..it hurts)

i don't know how I feel about my mother. she's been on rehab when I was in third grade and in prison(or jail?..i don't know which one is the one for the people who committed crimes not that serious, like driving while drunk etc) and now, after all that shit it seemed for a while she's going to live normally again. But last week, she's been drunk for three days out of seven. Maybe it's not that many, but considering it almost caused her death(she was in hospital because of some kind of liver failure, don't really know much about what happened) it's..bad. But I just don't feel the need to get her out of that. Sometimes..I even wish she was dead. 

i can't really function in real world. that anxiety is part of that. But I just..wish to make music. I'm writing lyrics, learning how to play piano and guitar..even tried to sing, but after hearing mother say "He likes to sing, but he's like really terrible" when she was phoning with someone in the room next to mine, I stopped(no, I wasn't spying her or whatever. Just happened to hear my name and the sentence)
Just when I imagine that I'd live some kind of "normal" life..I know I just could not do that. I'd end up alcoholic, like my mom. I have a plan, that I'm gonna make a music for living. Even if that meant living in the smallest apartment possible with the most terrible neighbors or eating once a day. Music..means lot to me. Every day, I go for a walk into the forest while listening to music..last few days I'm listening to Manson's The High End of Low. It may not be his best album..but Devour..just..that track is beautiful.

I have a crush on an anime character. Or not really a crush..just..I'm sad I can't be with her in real life. 

I'm addicted to caffeine. Or so I suppose..for I can't stop myself from either drinking coffee or energy drinks..the ones there at least have some fruit juice in them..but still, it¨s an addiction and it's..terrible.

I don't know, there would probably me more or less things. I'm sorry that I don¨t really have anything to say. I have tried to kill myself once by overdosing. Spent the whole night vomiting. Ever since then I am afraid of doing that again, because I remember the terror when i realized that if I won't puke the pills out of myself, I'll die. Goddamned survival instinct. I..I don¨t really know what I'm trying to say. Probably trying to vent. I don't know. Sorry for wasting your time