Help for the more intellectual and/or philosophical types of peopleDisclaimer: I am not depressed or suicidal as of right now, just trying to be of help for those who are.

[http://www.2arms1head.com/](http://www.2arms1head.com/) \- a detailed self-memoir by Clayton Atreus, a fairly intelligent philosopher and law student who became paraplegic due to an accident and committed suicide 2 years later

I read this today. Well not all of it, I skipped like 40&amp;#37; of the middle. And to be very honest I get what he is saying. Even agree with most of it. I'm sure it's not just me, many people do. So if you feel like you have reached a viewpoint on suicide that is not common or that you have a philosophy that's unique to you, then no, there's a good chance you're wrong. Maybe people won't agree with you on all points, but there definitely exist people out there who are capable of understanding what you are trying to say and empathizing with you. Not everyone is that shallow.

And taking the effort to

a) find people who understand you, and

b) opening up when you do get the opportunity

could be exactly what is required to break out of your current depressive spell.

I agree it's not an easy process nor is there a guarantee of success but it's definitely worth the effort. Don't waste all your time interacting with people who are too dumb or narrow-minded to understand you, doing so is possibly one of the reasons that lead Clayton to take his own life. Perhaps if he had people who just said that "yes paraplegia sucks and yes your life will not be what it once was, and yes you have the ultimate right to determine whether your life is worth living" and then moved on "now that we agree on that, why don't we figure out something you could spend time on that's actually worth doing" (because that's the kind of approach I would have taken if I knew him), it would have helped. Then again maybe he did meet people who understood, I have no way of knowing for sure.

My point is just don't give up hope on finding people who understand you. And people who, now that they understand you, can you help you remain happy nevertheless. Your first attempt at making friends could have sucked or your first therapist, but you should know that irrespective of what you feel there exist people out there who are smart enough to understand and help, just keep looking. :)

P.S. Sorry if motivational posts are not allowed on this sub, I'm new here.