I've lost everything I love and I want to kill myself. But I'm too weak to even do that much.I'm 15 years old, and it's my birthday tomorrow. For as long as I can remember my life has been the most miserable, sorry time anyone could ever live…
My family doesn't care about me, my father is abusive and always tries to bully and provoke me, and he tries to force extra work upon me and he believes that I should not have any friends and should not be allowed out at all
My mother is slightly different, I know that she loves me, and that's part of what's making it so hard for me, but she just won't leave my father no matter what he does. 
I get bullied at school, every day I go into school and act like someone different to try and fit in, and every day I'm continually victimised. This has been happening for almost five years.
I thought I'd finally found a way out, I met a beautiful girl who I love with all my heart. We had a happy relationship for about a month, and then people from her school started messaging me and saying stuff about her.
I confronted her about it and she told me it was over. I managed to convince her to give me a second chance, and she did just that.
However, I noticed she was behaving differently and I was concerned for her. Every time I asked her what was wrong she would just say she didn't know.
She then started to tell me she couldn't meet me anymore. To begin with she would say she was busy and had schoolwork/family things she needed to do.
Then last Wednesday everything changed. She told me she had been seeing a doctor about some mental health problems that she had, and that he told her she could not be with me.
I was shocked and devastated, and when I asked her more about the situation, she refused to tell me. She told me she would meet me on Wednesday (yesterday) or tomorrow on my birthday.
On Tuesday evening I felt the need to email her mother (whose email I found on google), because I really did not know just what was going on. I told her mother absolutely everything, how I felt at home/school and how much I loved her daughter.
I went to the girls school on Wednesday to go and see her, and whilst I was there someone airdropped me some things off of the girls email. I didn't think it was a very big deal, even after I read them, but I knew I should tell her about it.
I was planning on telling her about the email I sent to her mother, but when I texted her asking her to come outside, she refused and told me to go home and that she would meet me on Friday. So I did just that.
Later yesterday evening we were talking, and I showed her the pictures I was airdropped. She was extremely upset about it (as they were love letters to someone else). 
 Her mother then told her about the email I sent her, and she messaged me accusing me of hacking her email. Her reasoning behind this was that “how else would you have got my mums email”.
I tried explaining that I found it on google, but she continued to be hostile. I wrote her an extremely long message, detailing exactly how I felt about her and just how much she means to me.
She didn't even respond properly, she just said she had to do some work. I checked my email and had gotten a response from her mother.
It said that her daughter needed time and space to focus on her schoolwork, and that there were some problems going on. I accepted this and did nothing more about it.
This morning I went to the doctors to get a repeat prescription for antidepressants (which are not working) so I arrived at school late. I decided to just have a quiet sit down and try and come to terms with everything. 
But I just can't, no matter how hard I try everything just gets worse. My life is spiralling down uncontrollably and as every day goes by, I find myself thinking for and more about killing myself. I cry myself to sleep, fight the urge to jump at the train station every morning, and have even began to stop eating.
I just hate my life and cant wait until it's over. But I don't want it to be like that, I want to be happy, to be normal, to enjoy things and enjoy life, but instead I just find myself doing the complete opposite.
Somebody please help me before it's too late… 