I want you.Dear you,

I want you. That isn't that hard to believe, especially since we've been together for 11 months. I want you even though we have an ocean in the middle of our relationship. I want you even though right now I have no job despite the fact I graduated at the top of my class with honors. I want you even though my family is poor. I want you even though I've given up every last penny I had to live with you... and now that I'm tapped out I don't know how to get to you again.

I want you even when you're mad at me, like I know you are now. I want you even though I know what I did isn't even that bad, even though you are making me say sorry a thousand times... simply because I put a return receipt in an email because I wanted to make sure you read it. I want you even though you blew up and didn't even respond to what that letter said.

I want you even though I think sometimes you are completely careless with my feelings because deep down I know in my heart that you are capable of loving me. I want you even though you don't say you want me anymore... even though you used to say it all the time... even thoug,h when I ask you if you still love me, you secretly kind of sigh when you say yes, like I should know. 

I want you right this minute when you are over three thousand miles away and giving me a silent treatment leaving me no way to get a hold of you. I want you because I'm capable of forgiveness almost every time and I know your life hasn't been easy either and I have this thing for broken people because I am one too. 

I want you because right now even though I am incredibly afraid that you are going to break up with me, I somehow still have no regrets about losing my virginity to you. There is something about the life within you that makes me feel so incredibly alive that it makes me feel like I am standing on the highest peak and letting the wind whip my face and for the first time I feel alive.

I want you even though when I got depressed, as I tend to do sometimes, you started comparing me to your ex and suddenly I felt like I was forever in a box that I had to climb out of. On the brightside, right now I want to slice myself into a million ribbons, but I'm not because I promised you that day I'd never do it again. I want you because after 10 years of hurting myself you forced me to stop... but right now it is so so very hard.

I want you to see that everything I do, even the things you get frustrated about or get angry about me for... are only because I love you. I want you because I just keep hoping you'll talk to me, that you'll stop focusing on the wrong part of my last letter and start paying attention to what it said, that I just need to be told I'm loved even if I'm supposed to already know.

I want you.

I want you to talk to me. 

I want you to forgive me.

I want you to be happy.

I want you to want me.

That's all I've ever wanted from you.

Love,

Me.

xx

~~~~~~

I'm having a really hard time right now. :*-(
