I don't think I'll be alive in 2019Since 2014, My life is just going downhill. Every year seems tree times worse than the previous one. I'm so tired of everything.
I live in a shit town and I have no friends in here, I used to have irl friends in 2014~2016 but by 2015 they just started targeting me and making fun of me for being the way I am. I had some internet friends but they just got tired of me and just left me for being depressed. I have a lonely life, I'm most of the times quiet (mostly because I hate the way my voice sound) and have no friends, I made everyone hate me or get tired of me because of my depression. I'm bad at everything, I can't do a single thing right, my grades are terrible at school and everyday I just feel that I'm not smart at all. Most of people in my surrounds seem to ignore me. They seem to don't see how I'm feeling, I know most of the times I just wear a mask in public to pretend I'm okay but I'm clearly not. My parents just make fun of me and stress me for not meeting their expectations, they keep criticizing that I don't socialize with people and that introvert people have no place in society. Everyday I'm losing interest on doing things I used to like, most of the days I'm just procrastinating listening music and doing nothing at all, I everyday say I want to change this, but I can't figure out how to get out of this. Most of the days the only thing I wanna do is just stay in the bed, sometimes I can't even keep stand up properly because I'm feeling so weak. Everyday is just shit, I feel pain, a lot of pain but I can't cry, no matter how hard I try to the tears don't fall, I just feel pure pain and can't cry. I'm unattractive, I'm dumb and I everyday I just see that there's no way I'm succeeding in the future, I'm just a huge failure. Future holds nothing brilliant for me. Since 2014, years are passing by so quickly and I just feel worse, because I just feel of these years, I did nothing, no progress at all, I think everyday I'm just destined to be a failure so why not just die? I just haven't killed myself yet because I'm a coward. I don't have courage to even hurting myself by cuts, now imagine suicide. Everyday is lonely, I wished I have friends but I just don't know how to socialize and I'm afraid of being left behind and most of the times I have no interest in talking with people. I think I'll die alone and nobody cares, the world would be the same with or without me so what's the difference? 
I'm honestly tired of everything and I just wanna go. Thanks for reading till here.