I'm patheticI turned 16 and entered 1st year of highschool a few days ago. My depression, dysphoria and anxiety have been pretty bearable during the 2 months of holidays, but now it's all come back. 

For one, my crippling anxiety prevents me from building any meaningful relationships. All my friendships have either been forced and faked for the sake of having someone to talk to during school or ended shortly and horribly. I hate most of the people in my area but I can't form relations online due to not being brave enough to say something on a group chat like a public discord and the cycle of not responding &gt; guilt &gt; not responding when I do manage to talk to someone. I also feel like I never say the right thing and am a burden to everyone. This not only includes my family (my mom got into a huge fight with my grandma because of me and now we don't stay in touch or even mention a third of my family) but also strangers (such as people staying behind me in a queue in a shop who would have finished their shopping earlier had I not been there). I'm also a trans guy and being misgendered really hurts and I can't really avoid it like during the summer. 

My parents are overprotective and I generally feel powerless but this only strengthens (get it?) my hopelessness. For example, my mom's been telling me to do some serious cleaning and reorginising of my room for at least a month. I've only done maybe a fifth of the whole thing during this time and she keeps telling me to do it and that some day she'll just come in and do it herself. Her pressuring and my fear of even further invasion of privacy make me stressed and prevent me from being able to even think about the mess in my room without having a breakdown.

I have no passions to pursue, no hobbies except browsing reddit, watching youtube and sometimes playing on my nintendo because those are the only activities that enable me to not think about real life. I have no idea what I want to do in life. I tried following the 'do what you want to do and is fun' plan and it worked during free time, but now school makes it impossible for me to do anything. When I think about the future I only worry about what I'll be doing. I'm lazy and posts like those on r/getmotivated only sadden me more because I'm unable to do things like other people do. The only school subject I enjoy is English (I'm European and it's my second language) and I even felt proud of myself when I passed the CAE test this June, but then I remembered in 10 years we probably won't need translators and such anyways. I have no other thing I'm good at and I used to be an all around wizz kid, I just fell from grace and fell hard. As I mentioned the only thing I'm kind of good at are languages which I love but after failing to learn literally anything after 3 years of German in middle school and attemting to teach myself Italian using online resources for a month or so before getting lazy and giving up. I just feel like a failure, a potential that'll never be used. Someone who could have been great if only I wasn't so goddamn lazy. Everyone's doing something and I'm avoiding work. And now school's started so new teachers have new expectations and soon will start giving pop quizes and asking questions to answer live in front of the whole class for a grade (I forgot what its called in English)

I used to enjoy going to my therapist and having someone to talk to but recently I've started to lie by omitiom and stuff because of her not understanding my trans thoughts and me having to defend my opinions. I've just been avoiding certaun subjects and wishing the time to go faster during our meetings. Which makes me feel guilty because it's my parents who are paying for it even though I also get pocket money. I generally feel like I don't deserve a lot of things I've got which makes me feel guilty and anxious.

I don't even know what I'm doing my only way to calm down is to listen to Bob Ross for hell's sake. I just think the world would have been better had I been never born.