Life is actually insufferable;\*Now reading this in retrospect this almost seems like a diary\*

&amp;#x200B;

I hate this. It sucks, and it makes me so angry that people think they have the right to try and press me into feeling better, and faking enjoyment.

I'm upset, and I've always been for the last 3 years or so. (15 now)

My parents suck, I can't hold a sustained friendship with anyone for more than an hour, since I'm boring as fuck, and I hate my parents for putting me on this planet. It's horrible, it's lonely, and I wouldn't wish this upon my worst enemy.

At school, literally no one to even fucking interact with, and my crush hates me. (As per usual)

My parents act like they care, when they don't. They don't give a fuck whether I was alive, or dead. The main thing they'd probably care about if I killed myself was "How much money did we spend on this failure?"

I can't even talk to anyone about this, since I don't know who to talk to about it. (Parents don't care, and if they heard about me talking about ending my life or something along the lines of that, then I'd probably get killed)

Life sucks, everything sucks. No, this is not a phase. Will I kill myself? Probably not, as a human I have a natural fear of death, like most people. However, this pain is insufferable, and I promise you, tomorrow will definitely add on to do this. Like, for sure. I hope not, but it will. 

I can't hold a sustained "happy" emotion for more than an hour or so, however I need to, in order to make other people not feel even more uncomfortable around me then they are. Counselling sucks, since I get judged for every decision I make, and so on. 

I wish that this was a temporary feeling, since I've seen other posts and people have been depressed for way longer. I bet you almost anything this feeling ain't temporary. Whenever I talk to anyone, I can just hear their thoughts, saying that they want to leave the conversation as soon as possible, if they don't say that to my face that is.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

I get it, but I don't know what I've done to deserve such acute pain in my life, and it sucks whenever I have to put on a mask to pretend I'm happy, just so I don't get a detention or so I don't fuck up my life even more.