I don't know...I'm not sure why i'm writing this, guess i just want to find a person who's been in the same place. Someone who understands. This is probably going to be long as fuck too, sorry.

The feelings i have are really hard to explain. Anyways, i'm turning 25 in a couple of months. It's pretty much the end for me. I've had sleep disorder for years because my mind is always racing. It's been a problem as long as i can remember. I tried going to psychiatrists and all that. I got sleeping pills. But i have a really strong addictive personality. As soon as those pills stopped working i started taking other drugs to ease the pain and kill the constant fucking voices in my head. Opiates mostly. That went on for a few years before i found myself puking, pissing and shitting blood every day and losing all my friends and family.

 Stopped taking drugs and focused my energy on other things, like finishing school and getting back together with my long time gf. I was sober for a couple years and everything was alright, didn't get much sleep, but i was sort of happy, i guess. Can't really remember because my brains are pretty fried.

Gf and i moved together to a different city once our school was done. I started smoking pot to help me sleep. Then i started drinking. Then the old problems started. We'd have these huge arguments that were mostly because i'd get pissy paranoid about the stupidest fucking shit. So she had enough, we broke up. 8 years she lasted me. She was my bestest friend and i still believe she was the one. In a way i'm happy because she had the courage to end it and look for something better, because i certainly couldn't give her what she deserved.

That was 4 months ago. After that i started drinking more and taking a shit ton of drugs and i felt happy because i knew that if i'd do it long enough that shit would kill me and i'd finally get peace. Then couple months ago i got a job that i really like and found a new girlfriend that i really like and stopped doing stupid shit. But now the voices are back. I really have nothing to be upset about or anything like that. I have the greatest job i could have, i love doing it. But the fucking voices. Some noise in my head that fucks me up. I don't want to kill myself, but i just can't take it anymore. I want peace. I want the emptiness. I'm a fucking addict and it's never going to change. I want to sleep, but i can't. I can't talk to anyone about this because they cannot understand the fucking hell i am living in. I don't even understand, i can't understand why i'm like this. I want to be happy, but i just can't. So why the fuck do i have to try?

I've always been kind of an introvert because my childhood was kinda fucked up in a sense that we moved a lot and i had no long term friendships and such. I don't really have a place to call home to this day. I don't know where my dad is, i don't know where my mom is, i have loads of brothers and sisters, but we don't really keep that much contact. People tell me that i'm emotionless or cold, which hurts because i care a lot about them even tho i don't know how to show it. I don't blame them because i'm scared as fuck of being abandoned, which i guess is why i don't show emotions that often. I only really have a couple of friends here. They always talk about how concerned they are about my drinking and stuff, but i'm not sure if i shut them out or if they just don't want to spend time with me and help me. I really can't tell what's happening in the real world and what's just happening in my mind anymore. Everything is just a blur. I want out. 