Starving myself to death27 (f) In 2018 I got together with my boyfriend 2 months after a suicide attempt that landed me in the ICU. Like so many of you when I woke up I was not grateful to be alive and I’m still not grateful to be alive. I was still in survival mode though. Some part of me wanted to survive so I got in a relationship. Being alone is really hard for me. My attempt happened when my roommate left me for a mere 2 hours. When I’m alone all my worst thoughts ruminate and the words of my abusers become my own inner monologue. 

My boyfriend is wonderful. He’s responsible, caring, loving, affection, smart, funny, talented, has great taste in music, takes care of me and tries his hardest to feed me even though I’ve struggling with an eating disorder that has progressively gotten worse throughout our relationship. 

We have 4 more weeks together before our lease is up and we’re officially broken up for good. I thought it was a mutual decision made months ago, but quickly after me agreeing with me that we were done, I had wasted my last chance, I started realizing what a huge fucking mistake I had made. My food restriction has gotten so bad within the past few weeks that I’ve lost 5 lbs and almost passed out today despite that never happening to me before. My hair is falling out in chunks, I can’t stop shaking, I’m wearing sweats and a hoodie despite it being in the 80’s and I’m constantly nauseous from the lack of food. 

I let my anger and ED get out of control and blaming him for all my pain and discomfort instead of dealing with it in a healthy way. Always bringing him into my negative ruminations, even now that we’re technically broken up. My suicidal thoughts at one point had subsided to brief passive thoughts once or twice a day, now every waking moment they’re demanding and incessant. 

I was still trying for a while. Trying to find my own place. Trying to go back to school. Getting my own loan instead of letting grandma pay for that like everything else. 

COVID has made trying to find an affordable rental in the city nearly impossible and for health reasons I can’t have roommates. After months of searching for a place and getting waitlisted over and over again despite applying as soon as I’m allowed to do so has exhausted me. I’ve given up and called my grandma to discuss the possibility of living with her and quite literally just giving up on everything. 

When I told her this she got so excited. I get it. She’s lonely. She’s old and her health is failing her. And it’s not like any of her children who live near by, who she also financially supports are capable or willing to take care of my grandma /s. 

The thing is, I lost my mom 10 years ago to alcoholism. I come from a family of alcoholics. The only people who aren’t in denial are myself and my late mother. Unfortunately my mother was also abusive and neglectful, mostly due to the alcohol, but as an only child to a single mom, being her sole caretaker from the ages of 10-17 was incredibly traumatic for me and my grandma continues to hold my mother on a pedestal and claims she died from “swine flu” despite her very obvious, alcohol induced liver failure and subsequent disorders including jaundice and acides (excess fluid in the abdomen). 

I’ve been sober for 8 months now and my grandma could care less. I have an eating disorder and her solution is that I “just eat more”. Plus I’m not even sure if she’s aware that I’m vegetarian despite me telling her all the time that I don’t eat meat anymore, she still offers me seafood and chicken?? She smokes cigarettes in the house and likes to get drunk when I’m around because “she feels safer to do with someone she trusts around at her age”. 

I’ve been planning for a while now to move in with her as a last resort. Since my boyfriend and I have been on the outs I’ve had the sinking feeling it would be my only option eventually. My grandma lives on the coast and I’m either going to starve/ drink myself to death or go to the nearest city and buy some heroin. Idk if I’ll become addicted first or just overdose right away. There’s also the gun option but idk if my grandma will let me have access to those, although there’s probably a way I could get her to give me access. If none of those options work I’ll just overdose again. Getting meds won’t be hard but I guess dying won’t be as pleasant compared to a heroin overdose. 

The thing is. I do love my grandma. But she doesn’t understand mental illness at all. Few people from her generation do. I completely understand the financial guilt trips she gives me on occasion, I would do the same thing in her position. But when she says things to me like “don’t make my ex-husband right and have me die old and alone in this big house with no yard”. Like lady wtf?! That’s just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to her stereotypical catholic guilt. 

She doesn’t understand that being around her often makes me depressed and activated. She has no respect for my triggers and calls me overly sensitive on a regular basis when all I’ve been trying to do is implement practices I’ve been learning in therapy. 

I almost forgot to mention that she also blames me for abandoning her after my mom died (I was 17) because I was coerced into an evangelical cult and forced to marry a pastors son who beat the shit out of me for three years. 

She also solely blamed the cult for me having a shitty relationship with my mom despite my mother’s almost decade of physical and emotional abuse directed at me. She doesn’t understand that the reason I was vulnerable to the cult in the first place was because of the abuse from my mother. 

My boyfriend was the best thing that ever happened to me and I fucked everything up monumentally. The last time I tried to kill myself a shitty guy cheated on me, now I went and fucked it up with the best partner I could ask for. I know I’ll end it this time. It’s literally in my genetics, every time my mom went off the rails it was because of relationship issues. 

I was selfish and took the pain from the abuse of others out on an innocent person. I’m a fucking piece of shit and I deserve to die. I just hope that authorities find my note pleading for my aunt to be the one to identify my body and not my grandma. I hope they respect my wishes. I don’t want to cause anyone pain and I hate that a lot of people think that’s what committing suicide is. Since i was 10 years old I’ve struggled with suicidal ideation, despite therapy and sobriety it continues to get worse. I just don’t want to be in pain anymore and I don’t want to cause pain anymore. 

For a long time I thought I could hold out until my grandma died but I just don’t think I can. I’m ready to go now. I’ll be on the beach soon, hopefully that makes things easier to clean up if I make a mess.