I'm so tired... Tired of always fightingMy life has always been a fight. I was the chubby boy and got picked on. I would ask for help but basically told to fend for myself. when I would finally snap I would be the one in trouble. My step dad fucked me and my brother up mentally. My bro is recently locked up and fried is brains from drug use. Me. I did what I was supposed to. graduate, work and take care of my responsibilities. I've always have suicidal thoughts since I was 6-7. I'm 35 now. I remember threatening to kill myself at that age and for some reason my step dad would scare me and say he would dig up my body and shoot me. Which scared me even more then the thought of dying. I first got jumped when I was 6 walking home. From that age till about 10 I started just fighting whoever picked on me. I didn't care if I lost or got in trouble I knew I had to have my own back. I grew up alone I really don't have friends.. well I lie. I have NO friends at all. As an adult life didn't get any better. My ex wife accused me of molesting our daughter when she was 6 out of hate. I fought and won 2 federal cases which fucked me up. I'm a native and I don't get along with my family at all.  All my people, I don't know, I can't get along with them. Let me say I am respected, I'm the one people run to when they need help or someone to talk to. I've taken many people in and protected them too. I gave homeless people my last few dollars because I figure they needed it more then me. I'm respectful I refer to people as sir and ma'am. I am the one always smiling. Recently I was targeted. The cops showed up at my house randomly saying they smelt cannabis from my house. Now I do use but not at home. I got arrested. So did my girlfriend. They took our kids. I had zero cannabis in my residence. Only empty containers that I cleaned out and paraphernalia. Now my 2 kids. They tried to say my kids were stoned and we're scared for their lives and that they reeked. I got 4 charges and I'm not allowed to see my kids and neither is my gf. We miss our sons 2nd birthday sitting in jail. My gf she doesn't deserve this. She doesn't drink or smoke. We take care of our kids. We have never spent more then 2 days away from them because we don't depend on people to watch them. We are always with our kids on main reason or daughter doesn't talk at all and is disabled. My gf doesn't want to stay at the house without the kids and I don't blame her. I'm here alone with just memories. It's been a week since it happened and I haven't slept more than 8 hours. I tried sleeping pills and so far I got an hour. My GFS charges has a good possibility of getting dropped because her public defender is good at his job. Me... Idk. Idk anything anymore. I'm tired. When I'm alone all I've been doing is crying missing my kids and family. I feel trapped like I can't escape. I'm tired. I don't want to fight this I'm ready to give up. My body is tired. I can't do it mentally anymore. I just wanna sleep. I don't want to cry anymore. This time it's looking at 20 years. I should take comfort that everyone has our back and have been nothing but supportive. But like I keep saying I'm tired I don't want to fight anymore. I can't do it my body and brain can't take it. I've been crying for 2 hours straight and can't stop. Miss my kids so much. But their dad is nothing but a curse. As long as I exist their going to be cursed because of what happens to me. I didn't care if it was just me who had to suffer but not my family. I'm not scared of death. For some reason suicide thoughts have been giving me strange comfort.