assaulted on the bus and now everyone is leaving meive been struggling for a long time. abusive parenteral. mental health issues. year long abusive relationship. knocked confidence and self worth with academia after sailing through education until masters level.

but it was going okay for a while. loving boyfriend. got a job I was passionate about. completed my masters by research came to terms with and came out as transgender. I was still having a hard time  but it was on the up at least. 

then I got assaulted on the bus and it's all come crashing down. my mental health has tanked and I dont felt safe anywhere anymore. my boyfriend completely disconnected. friends far away. no social support. I got the closest I've ever gotten to killing myself. note was written. had a clear plan. got to the point of no return but I chickened out just before I could do it. 
I'd left my phone at home. I didn't want people trying to stop me. turns out my boyfriend called an ambulance on me and they arrived a little after I got home from my failed attempt. i managed to make them go away but my housemate overheard it all. I'm a private person I dont like people I'm not close with knowing. I was angry with my boyfriend and I made that clear to him and I snapped and got angry that he'd given me no meaningful support since my assault. that was wrong of me because he was trying to help. he was scared for me. he said he hadn't realised how much the assault had shaken me and how scared and in need of him I was. 

well now hes breaking up with me. I'm already so alone and that's all i had left. I'm too unstable to make him happy anyways so I'm sure hes going to be happier without me

theres not much point me staying around now. my parents hate me and my friends have all moved away and not kept in contact. I have no one.

im convinced I'm not allowed to be happy  whenever I push it and try to find happiness the universe punishes me for it. like it has again now. over and over I struggle just to get punished for my audacity for struggling against the universe. 
I'm so tired of trying. im clearly not allowed to be happy. being alive is such a burden and just want to stop hurting.