A farewellAs a kid I wanted to be rich. I wanted to marry a princess, the easiest way to become rich. I wanted to inherit my parents gold teeth and the gramaphone player (the tip was a diamond). As I grew older I lost my will to get rich. I grew up rich, not 1% rich but my parents supported me more than they should and I worked enough odd jobs to have never worried about money. I was poor for a few months but because I shared in the past my friends payed for everything I needed and more for those months. I'll never forget the moment they said that it was more important and more fun to go out with me than the amount of money it would cost. 
I started to drink a lot, smoking weed and kept it all a secret. My parents suspected it but never realized how much. I have a problem with lying but I smoked so much weed that the times I was sober my mother would ask if I was on something. I could honestly tell her I wasn't. I didn't have to study much in order to succeed. Failed a few times but that was because I didn't do anything at all. Despite my lack off effort in studying I worked every job to the best of my abbility. I always worked hard and tried to improve. 
While working for the dutch postal services I learned the hard way that doing a good job isn't the best way to earn money. I was able to combine several tasks so I would work 8 hours and get payed for 12. Managment noticed and since I was a temp they decided to reduce the pay for the permenant workers. Obviously that didn't go well with them so I decided to work as slow as possible to get them back to the original pay. Some catch 22 right there. Improve and you get pay less. Work slower and get payed more
I partied a lot and partied hard. Drank alot and experimented with many kinds of drugs. While smoking a lot of weed and drinking copious amounts of beer I never got really addicted. I used it to escape reality. Tobacco is the only drug I can;t seem to do without. I'm quite sure that most people that know me me see me as an alcoholic. And yes I'm an alcoholic but they fail to see me. I've saved a few lives, stepped in and protected quite a few people. I've gained respect from several individuals but never gained from it.
I'm thankful for the friends I have. The friends that know me and know I never lied. The ones who trusted me me and stood by me. I wish my parents knew. I wish I could tell them the things I did which would make them proud. I wish I could without being a pretencious dick. They'll never know. Soon nobody will remember me. If I was a dolphin I'd say thanks for all the fish