Documenting my journey to VTDNot sure if this is the proper forum. For this information, but would greatly appreciate a point in the right direction in which this information can be legacised.

Hi Reddit. Long time lurker, never had much to add. I am however about to embark on a journey and I would like to share with others my experiences. I'm not looking for judgement, persuasion, or otherwise. My descision is completely final, and I thought it might help others to read my story. I don't want to give out too many of my details as I don't think it is necessary, and could potentially bring shame on my family. After a lot of research on the various methods of suicide, I have settled on voluntary terminal dehydration. I'd like to start that, I am very much so one of the weak ones, that could be  considered as irrational suicide. However by the time this is complete, I feel irrational can be ruled out as this is the best course of action in my life.

I can start out by saying, I've had a cousin commit suicide by shotgun when I was 11 years old. It devastated my family. He was an AAA student, an extremely talented classical musician, had college offers to very prestigious schools, and for lack of any information committed suicide  out of impulse one day. I do not believe it was impulse. I believe he had valid reasons. No one will know these reasons, but I am the one person that never really mourned for him, I saw it as his escape. He felt that was the best course of action in his life, I trust him. I was never mad at him, only sad for what I never for to learn from him. I don't think any other person has this view of the event, and I always understand him. From the very second I heard he was missing, to the years of angst and turmoil it then exuded on his mother, I could never agree with those so angry with him, and calling him a coward when putting a shotgun to your face and pulling the trigger can only be one of the hardest things a person can think about, and actually follow through with. I never felt it affected me that much, but as I grow older, I can see in one way it affected my believe s on our right to die. Perhaps, he had very dark seeded issues that were only going to manifest in the actual physical hurt of others. In that case does it not perhaps make him a hero for actually saving potential lives? No one will know, but in reality it doesn't matter, it was his choice to make.

To my story, I am one of the weak ones. Gifted with certain abilities to learn very fast, build and repair things with my hands, and solid judgement and reasoning skills have no terminal illness, am in relatively In good heath with no major issues other than some chronic back pain(don't we all tho)?. Which all in itself can be construed as irrational suicide. I hope to prove that in following through with my methods, it can become clear for all this was no snap judgement, and is the best thing for my own mental happiness, which I have found out is forever going to be unattainable for me.

The relationship with my( going through divorce) wife, is something that would take many years of words and many pictures to describe. We have been in each other's near 24/7 presence for 17 years. I am 33. We met when I was 17, we were both in into a party life and started doing heavy drugs together. From that moment 17 years ago, we have literally spent every minute together. This involves multiple jobs we have pulled of successfully together( all jobs but the last year) and I say all jobs I meant them all, however we were never the ones to hop around, each job lasting years, until out most important one, we ran an automotive shop together for 11 years. Everything we have always done was all or nothing, and we have always been hard workers and loyal to a fault. Through the time at that shop however, we started to drift apart due to anxiety, and anger on my end. After working so long for someone, making them so comfortable and making so much money, I began to resent my position and felt like I deserved a bit more of a promise in our future. This created many issues in our relationship, and was the beginning of the end of our 24/7 lifestyle. She was offered a position given by my mother in which offered me to quitthe shop and be a stay at home dad. I did all my duties as SAHD. Was performing homeschool for our son ( another story in itself, we were told we could not have children, and it took us 10 years to bring our beautiful son into this world) the housework among other things. I wasn't happy. I got jealous of the time lost with her. Always wanted to be with her and it was hard making the change. All I needed was to be happy.  She now believes she is happy now, and that I cannot, and it has created a major rift in the way she percieves my response, and my feelings behind them. i have made a lot of changes in my personality to suit her, but it is too little too late. She will forever see me for the old me, no matter how hard I try. 

There is a bout 2 decades to the realtionshiop that would take millions of words to explain, explaining how I may not believe in God, but I believe in soulmates. I believes she is mine, and that I am not hers. I do not get another chance at that due to my beliefs.


So for those interested, I would like to document my journey to the end via my choice of method. I own firearms, but would like my son to see in casket. I also believe such a violent death will be harder on him than maybe I can make it be. I understand the statistics on child parent suicide, and still can not accept and move on and are three times as likely to do it themselves. I can not see past my pain and am too weak to accept this as a reason to move on. He will have a great mother and support system, and while we all go through traumas I truly believe he will move on with not much less than the hate for me I will deserve. I've tried my best in my notes to explain the absolute lack of fault on his end and how, all I can teach him is bad habits to be like me. 

So here I will post my diary, day one.  Weeks of research and contemplation has gone into this and this method won't have ant interesting affects for the next few days.

Day one, this is happening. My wife was on literal suicide watch last night because at that point I was determined to be at peace ASAP. After deliberation and deciding on my course. She would not let me out of her sight and I cannot allow police to be involved, they only have the power to prolong this process and I am ready. She truley cares about me as a friend, and knows my son doesn't deserve this. She is right. But I don't either. My last meal is an incredibly healthy  taco Bell dinner my wife brought home for me.. she was always trying to take care of me, whether I deserved it or not. As of now, Taking a few things to ease the anxiety. And will prbobly comment here on a daily basis chronologically recording how it feels and my thoughts along the way. I've heard it is relatively painless method with medical treatment, but I will be doing this alone, so far with no real support system but myself.