Running out of options and ideasI'm just going to warn now that this is going to be a bit long. I'm really really sorry.

I'm 24. I lost my mom on Thanksgiving (Nov.26) of 2015. She had terminal cancer and the entire process of her getting extremely ill and dying traumatized me pretty badly. She died when I was on the way to the hospice to see her, so I didn't get to say goodbye. Between that and a lot of other things I also carry a lot of guilt as well as trauma and grief revolving around her death. Less than two months after she died we experienced a house fire and I lost my home and four pets I had. This has caused me to reach a breaking point that's just been kind of ebb and flowing since mid-January.

I have a lot of familiarity with suicidal ideation. I've been in and out of hospitals for suicidal thoughts, attempts, and self-injury since I was 14. Lost count of the amount of times. I haven't been admitted since 2012, but I went a couple weeks ago for a screening. Only a hospital that I have very bad experiences with had beds, so I contracted to safety and signed out. This was over fourth of July weekend, so the lack of beds didn't surprise me. I have borderline personality disorder, pretty bad OCD, and way before my mom passed I had already had PTSD from an abusive relationship/rape in my early teens. I can't hold down a job or go to school, and I'm on disability. I was in DBT and getting a lot better before my mom got sick. I've also been off my meds since February. I lost my medicaid because of a mistake social security made and getting it back has been really slow. I go to individual therapy once a week and I like my therapist, but I don't really trust him yet.

Living with my dad has been my worst nightmare since I was a little kid, and because of me being so mentally ill I cannot afford to live on my own and am forced to live with him now; we recently moved into an apartment. He is extremely stubborn, extremely volatile, has always been pretty emotionally abusive and sometimes physically abusive, and generally unwilling to deal with giving me the extra help I need because the chain of events since my mom's sickness and death has caused me to regress in terms of therapy progress. He's not obligated to because I'm an adult but I just feel so stuck. He is also disabled and doesn't do anything all day and often if I so much as ask him a question.  I don't have a license and at my age most of my close friends work fulltime so I have few options to get away. I have a caseworker but so far he's useless compared to my last one.

I can barely feed myself, am having trouble with keeping on top of my hygiene, and can hardly get out of bed, just typical depression things. Because of my lack of health insurance and medication I have been self-medicating with cannabis, but it doesn't even help anymore. Despite this, I can't stop because I'm just too depressed to do anything else.

Besides my cat, I have little else to keep going on except hope that my boyfriend will get here and we can get away from this sand I can get a fresh start. We're a long distance relationship from different countries and various things have caused visa issues with him, which adds even more stress, and I just feel a sense of urgency because my entire life is just toxic right now. Hopefully everything will be resolved soon and we can be together at least but I'm running out of hope. I'm currently waiting to see if he'll skype with me.
About every other night I reach what feels like a breaking point like right now. I have never been so miserable in my entire life. I feel like if nothing changes soon I might attempt again. Everything else that has driven me over the edge before seems petty compared to now.

I'm basically just fighting with myself about whether or not I should just go back to the emergency room and just voluntarily sign myself inpatient and get it over with. I'm running out of options and I'm even considering electroconvulsive therapy. If my boyfriend can't find time to skype me tonight, I may have to go to the ER soon, as in within the next few hours, but either way I will try to hold off until at least tomorrow. I just don't know what to do anymore but I also don't know if the hospital can even help me at this point.