Where do you get legitimate help? Real help doesn't seem to exist.I've been to the hospital for suicide plans, before. They take you in, keep you for a night or two if you're lucky, and then send you back into your crapfest of a life with no real resources.   


Distress hotlines are even worse. I've gotten old men who want to talk more about themselves or offer unsolicited advice than actually listen to a word you have to say.   


Therapists just encourage you to call the above two methods.   


Here's the thing. The reason people get suicidal to begin with is that life seems so unbearably bad, that death seems preferable than dealing with life.   
A two day stay in the hospital does not fix that. A distress center doesn't fix that. Therapists don't fix that. They prevent you from killing yourself in the moment, sure. But nobody seems to want to go over the actual ISSUES that are making you feel suicidal to begin with.   


Nobody wants to take the time to hear your story, get to your level, and get you some help. Or, they offer "help" in the form of yet more unsolicited advice that really doesn't help you at all.   


Going to friends or family (if you have a family), is another "option". But I never want to burden my friends. Because friends respond by getting worried (a natural reaction) and insisting you go with the first two methods of this post.   


Just the thought of calling yet another distress line or going to yet another hospital makes me feel even more stressed because I know, ultimately, that nobody will REALLY help me.   


Being suicidal alone makes you feel even more suicidal because there is no help to be found.   
There are temporary "patches" to life. If you're lucky to have friends, they can make a huge positive impact on your life. Relationships, in general, can help.   
Hobbies, "sleeping it off", self-care.... all of these things can stave off suicidal urges.   


But in the end, there's no team of professionals, waiting to help you make an action plan for your life. There's nobody willing to help you get from point A to point B. Sure, you might get a few tips and tricks, but there's nobody willing to sit down and actually help you fix your life with a detailed course of action.   


Coming up with a suicide plan is much easier than coming up with ways to fix your life.... if there is a fix for your life. Which, in some cases, there just isn't.   


I'm not sure I'm suicidal. In the end, I'll probably cry and sleep it off like I have so many times.