Granduation or SuicideI've been on a high school in Germany for 3.5 years now and within these 3.5 years I was institutionalized twice because of pressure during the classes and being 42 hours in this hell hole. I went there September 2016 and started drinking and cutting daily. I needed to get out of this repetitive circle and I made myself a deal. This school better say this granduation gives me the chance to get a P.h.D. and leave my world behind. Not because a P.h.D. will heal my chronic depression but it will give me a foundation where I can build my life on away from the toxic household I live in till now. I haven't attempted suicide suicide since May 2017 and my last para suicidal behavior was Feburary 2019 since then I was more or less stable. From September till November 2018 I had my first institutionalization and my second went from September till November 2019. Now on January I will get back to school after being in home for 0.5 years. Now I don't know whether I'm stable enough to get through it. I have suicidal thoughts again. I wake up every not not merely with the thoughts of regretting to be still alive but ceasing out my existence rn. I need my granduation but I can't live with this terrible promise of either granduation or suicide anymore. I can't move out of my toxic household cause the government doesn't give a damm that my family let's me mental health deterariete rapidly. I need the structure from school but I hate this hellhole almost as much as my household. Damm I don't want to live with this dependency of a granduation for my terrible live anymore but I can't stop because if I don't depend my live on it anymore I will cry out every day to friends because I get suicidal again. I don't know what to do although I'm aware of the ridiculously of this self promise. I know I will graduate easily from the perspective of intelligence (the only thing I'm proud of is my eloquence - ignore the irony of my spelling/grammar mistakes) but I'm not stable enough to study enough for the main courses. So basically I can't use my intelligence adequately enough to graduate there. I don't know what to do and now I cry out for help here. Thank you for your time to read this and maybe even respond.