Thinking about pulling the plug.This is a bit of a throwaway account and this may be my only post, but after hoping for a job that would pull me out of financial ruin for a month, I got the call today that they went with someone else; a friend of someone that worked for the company.

I've been trying to grab a job for three months. I have four years of sales experience and an associates degree. Not the best line-up of qualifications, but qualifications none-the-less.

I'm twenty-five years old, jobless, and living in my mother's basement. I have no friends, family that legitimately laughs at me, and no real hopes for the future. I cannot get into the military, despite that being a way out of my misery and I cannot seem to get a job anywhere that pays a decent wage.

I refuse to be homeless. I refuse to be a broke joke. So, I figured I'd just write this and maybe get some advice? Maybe a bit of help? Because the suicide note's been written. I'd post it here, but it seems kind of redundant, considering, you know, I'm posting on a Suicide Watch subreddit.

I just want to tell someone why I'm thinking about doing this. I mean, I can't even afford a cell phone for goodness sake, how can I call the suicide hotline? How can I see a psychiatrist? Why would I want to? Do they have prescriptions for laughable, jobless, introverted men like me?

Twenty-five years old... Holy guacamole, Batman. Why am I still being put up with as such a burden? And none of that nonsense that I'm not a burden, I am, at least financially. A friendly personality and a 'can-do' attitude can only get you so far before those you care about get tired with you. Shoot, I'm tired with me, and I AM me.

Suicide's the only way to really end the burden on the only family that cares about me. Sure, they'll be sad, but in the long run, it's better this way. Less worries on their end, less of a financial burden. I'd be doing them a favor, at least in my eyes.

Now I just need to grab the bottle of booze I've been saving for when I nailed the job, which I didn't, get up to a high place, down the entire bottle and jump. Sober, I'm too much of a pansy to do it, but having my inhibitions taken care of will likely give me the courage to end my burden on those that actually care about me.

Sorry guys, I tried, but I guess I'm just unlucky. I'd rather be dead than crying over a broken bank account. Call me a coward all you like, it wouldn't be anything I haven't already called myself.