I thought I fought past this but it turns out I'm right back in it again, now with a risk of dragging someone else down with me.It's been a while since I've had to use this throwaway, I was quite happy about that fact. You guys were awesome last time. I got back up on my feet and I had a couple of months of intense motivation, I was living the "You have a choice when it comes to your emotions and moods" deal and it was AMAZING. I stopped my meds before this happened and I thought I was headed for a recovery on my own merits. I suppose I was partly correct.

Some back story, I had a pretty bad childhood, was often left alone (So I have to deal with a lot of abandonment issues as an adult) and was abused both sexually and mentally. My depression didn't start until 6 years after that, at 12 years old, when my nan (Who raised me and I lived with until this time) died. It was pretty bad, so bad I would not leave my room for days, weeks, one time months at a time. My mum was powerless, she has depression, long term, and couldn't deal with my one on top of hers. I never finished school because of this.

Now, back to the present. I managed to find an amazing lady who is now my girlfriend, she lives 2 hours away from me (By train) and I go to see her for my 2 days off. I'm not happy about the distance but we've only been going out 2 months so I can't really do anything about that. The real problem is.. I don't know. I don't have any real qualifications and have been working a dead end retail job for 4 years. I know with confidence I could make a pretty good manager but I don't want to work retail for the rest of my life and I don't know what to do to change that. I don't know where to start. I'd love to do something in IT, even if its answering phones to deal with peoples problems (I do that now anyway, just the people are right in front of me) but I don't know where to start. I've been applying for jobs that require no previous experience but I haven't been hearing back from ANY of them and its really starting to get to me. I feel trapped and helpless and I'm falling into this familiar dark place that has almost claimed me for its own once and I fear it will try again soon.

I'm really scared I'm gonna fall down again and this time I won't be able to get back up again. I really don't want to do any of the things that are going through my head but I live in a country where I have no family and no one to go for advice or guidance which I desperately need. I feel alone and I just want to take the easiest way out.

Please help me.