I awake every day in this bodyI awake and open my eyes every morning to the thought of killing myself. During conversations my mind wanders away. I have no aspirations, no goals and no desire to gain either. I just want to go away. Thoughts haunt me from my past. My present gives me anxiety. My future gives me depression. Every day I'm closer to losing this fight with myself. Every day I'm hoping it will end. I don't care how it ends. Whether this goes away or I do. I dont want suggestions about who to talk to or phone numbers to call. There are no words that haven't been said already. I dont see any point in chasing opportunity of something I will never enjoy to attain goals that I dont care about. Im not seeking help or suggestion. I just need to air my mind out. There's no specific things that make me this way. I have no desire to live in this disgusting world of sexual advertising with no regard for children. (Truth about tobacco commercial that is supposed to stop children from smoking just played saying the word Dick as a name and then talking about erectile dysfunction and smoking. Fuck off with your message if you are pushing sex in your agenda to children) My only desire in death is to take cunts like this with me. Robbing innocence to push your agenda of anti smoking. Fuck everyone involved in that PSA. I hope you all die in a fire, slowly cooking and becoming delusional before your body is overtaken with pain so deep your last scream is you dying of shock. This world is fucking disgusting and I want out. Push sex because it sells then expect children to have normal lives. The priorities of money dont interest me. I hate so much of this shitbag world. We imprison pedophiles and murderers. Why? This is a waste of thought, money, time and land. Fuck your attempts at putting logic to that. If you shoot someone or touch a kid, you should be killed. You should die. The government protects the people even when they act not human. I have had as much as I can take of this world full of pieces of shit. Fuck you all. If you post suicide prevention number fuck you and your copy paste of easy to find info. Useless phone number.