Posting againI’ve been cutting a lot more lately. Some part of me still wants to be alive though which sucks because every other part of me is screaming at me to die. I feel like everything I am is a lie and I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this right now. I feel like I’m just being dramatic and I should get over it already. It would all be so much easier if I could just cut my wrists and be done with it. I’ve been doing my research on the best ways to die cause I don’t wanna mess up and still be alive or have some permanent condition cause I couldn’t even did right. It just seems like there’s no easy way to do it right. I can’t get my hand on a gun so that’s not an option. Overdosing never kills anymore cause you just vomit it up or get caught. I have no way to hang myself and I hear it’s always faulty cause the ceiling beam will snap or the rope will snap I also live with other people so there wouldn’t be an easy way for me to hang myself and they wouldn’t catch me. It’s also pretty difficult to bleed out enough from cutting your wrists because your natural survival stuff stops you from cutting too deep. I’ve always wanted to jump off a tall building cause then I could feel like I’m flying before I die but there isn’t anywhere close to me that I have access to that I could jump from. I might just say fuck it and try the wrists thing and take a lot of meds at the same time just to up my chances of success. I feel absolutely nothing right now but I also feel so much pain and cutting just isn’t enough anymore. I’m running out of space before it becomes noticeable so I’m just opening up scabs and cutting wounds deeper. I go about my day putting myself in danger whenever possible. I walk across the road and beg that a car will hit me hard enough to kill me. My mind is spinning and I feel sock from the depression. Everything feels useless and I don’t know what to do with myself anymore. The only thing stopping me from killing myself before was what my parents might think but now I just don’t care. I don’t care about anything and I just want death.