I am not scared of dying anymore.I have constant thoughts of suicidal ideation. According to the charts, I am high risk. I have spent the last four hours alone in my room crying, not eating or drinking, looking at articles of grieving families suffering from the loss of a loved one by suicide and crying about how bad I want to jump off a cliff or shoot myself but I don't want to hurt my siblings or my parents. In the last three weeks, I have done this at least 7 times. They are all in the house around my room but I don't feel close to them. I have complex PTSD and major depression and ADHD. I take my meds everyday yet still feel this way. I try to eat healthy and exercise and keep up a friendly persona with co-workers and family, but none of them know how I truly feel and what I think about when I am alone. I have no desire to harm anybody else. I am scared to kill myself. And I know that there is a better way, but I don't know if I can live with myself even after that. My whole life has been stages just like this one where I convinced myself that I needed to live to pursue a life that was worth living, with no money troubles and no debts and a healthy body and happiness, I love my siblings more than life itself because they were the reason for not killing myself more than once before, but now they are all grown and living their own lives, and my life isn't getting better at 29, turning 30 this year. By the time I realistically think I'd have my debts paid off and a college degree with a career I could be passionate about, I'll probably be near 40. I feel like I've wasted my youth and my life has been a dealer giving me bad hands my entire life. I see my peers living great lives with businesses and families and loved ones and I feel like a complete failure. I don't even know how to ask for help from my family because I don't want to be a burden on them and I simply can't put the words together to ask or tell them, I feel shameful to tell my true thoughts and feelings. I feel alone. I am too embarrassed or afraid to reconnect with my friends for fear of judgment by them that I can't "man up" and "get my shit together" because they don't know how many years I've silently suffered and told myself those exact same things every single time, every single day of my life. I am extremely hopeless about my future and I don't want to be a burden on anyone any longer. I have never crossed this threshold before ever, but I feel like I will very likely commit suicide soon and it feels calming in a way. It doesn't feel as painful, I don't hurt as much now. I don't know how I will do it without hurting my loved ones or bring them shame, but I am looking for a way now, and it doesn't scare me as much anymore. I guess this is my post to the world that I am signaling that I am making plans to kill myself. I have never been the type to seek pity or seek attention, I have always been the opposite. But writing this out and finally accepting what I have been fighting for so long, it feels very strangely calming. I just need to find a way that doesn't hurt anybody else. Thank you for reading my story.. I don't want to be forgotten.. I just want to end my suffering. And it doesn't scare me anymore. 