Drunk and posting, sorry.I am drunk. I still feel present, but I know I am impaired. I tried choking myself and passed out for a few seconds. The most interesting part of it was that I did not feel anything. I think I felt pressure, but nothing else. My face was red, as I was standing in front of my bathroom mirror, then, what felt like a moment later, i was lying on the floor, with my head propped up on the wall. I know sober me is trying to fight this, which is why I put the rope and lambs wool in the shed...I did not realize how strong the impulse to kill myself would be while I was drunk. 

I did not mean to drink. I don't mean that it was involuntary, but I just want some kind of release from reality. I have not been able to get weed in about a month and it has been difficult. Weed pulls me away for a little while and I am able to enjoy things in peace. I should have know the alcohol was not a proper substitute, but I was so desperate. I really need to see a doctor, but I'm afraid that she/he will think that I am just looking for drugs. I'm very straight forward with everything and it always feels like it throws people off. I'm sorry for this post. I just wanted to talk to someone. I know you cannot directly respond to me, and I know this is not really a conversation, but just knowing someone read this will have to be substitute enough. I wish I had a friend, or just someone to talk to outside of work. I get really lonely, but I know I would not admit to it sober. I never interact with people, not on a personal level. I keep everything to myself, and knowing that humans are a social species, I understand that this may be part of the reason why I am depressed. I am not trying to be dramatic, I am sorry if it is coming off like that. I am sorry for everything. I could have been more of an asset to society, but I allow myself to fall into these bullshit cycles of depression and self deprecating behavior. I should be contributing to the progress of our species, as I strongly believe in it...but what difference does it make? Even if we spread across the stars, into other galaxies and beyond...everything will eventually come to an end. Unless we can exit our universe and traverse the multiverse, we are damned to failure from the start. Enjoy yourselves, it makes no fucking goddamn difference in the fucking end.