I just need to get through this againI've had problems with depression for years and years. Usually I'll go though a really bad phase every couple of years and the suicidal thoughts will come out again, then I'll make it through and feel better for a while. Each one is worse than the last. It's kind of comforting because I know I've gotten through it before, but also kinda shitty because I know how easily it can happen again. I'm in a bad phase again and I just can't stop thinking really morbid thoughts. 

I was already doing pretty badly and then a couple of days ago it got worse. I was having an affair with a married coworker for nearly a year (I hate saying that because I know how stupid and shitty it was). Unsurprisingly, it didn't work out and now that person is cutting off contact with me. It was so abrupt. I have really bad social anxiety, so I don't really have friends or talk to people. We were lovers, close friends, and coworkers who spent as much time talking to each other as we possibly could. It's so hard to accept that it's over now. I just feel like there's this huge void in my life now and I'm a total wreck. And I feel worse knowing that it's my fault I got hurt, because seriously what kind of an idiot thinks a workplace affair is going to work out for them? This would have really fucked with me by itself, but I was already having morbid thoughts before. I feel like this was the thing that really pushed me past the tipping point. I've just lost the person who I always went to when I was upset (I have another close friend but I think he's kind of sick of hearing about the whole thing and dealing with my emotional issues). My main support system is gone. It feels so dumb, thinking of killing myself because of a breakup, but for some reason this one hurts so much more than any of the others I've been through. There's this constant, unbearable feeling of panic and dread.

I've been working nights for the last three years, which has made me even more isolated. I have a dead-end job that's barely supporting me and financial problems from my roommate's extended unemployment. I don't have a degree, so I can't really do any better, and I don't have the time or money to go back to school. I just kinda feel like, if this is all there is, then there's not much point in sticking around. I mean, don't get me wrong, my life's not horrible and there are so many people who have it worse. It's just that my life feels like nothing, like it'll just be years and years of the same shit. All my days just bleed together and I feel like time is slipping through my fingers. In the past, I always stopped myself from doing anything because I didn't want to hurt my parents like that. The only reason I'm even trying to hold on now is because I don't want to hurt anyone who cares about me. I have a gun that my dad gave me but I had him take it from me the other day, just to be safe. Now I can't stop wishing I had it back. It's just, I know I've gotten through this before, and I know I can do it, but this time feels so much worse. If I can make it past this really shitty part right now, I can hold on. I just don't know how to get there when it's so hard. It feels like there's no point in trying because every time, this happens again. I just want it to be over with already. 

Holy shit I wrote way more than I intended to. It feels weird, putting all of this personal stuff out there for strangers on the internet to read, but it's nice to get it all out.