Tonight’s the night.I can’t fucking believe I’ve stayed in this shitty abusive relationship for this long. This fucking asshole that I have the complete and utter HONOUR of calling me boyfriend is so mentally and emotionally abusive and manipulates me so much. He does something to hurt me almost everyday. Almost everyday for a year and a fucking half. I’ve had enough now. 

What’s really pushed it this time is when he came back 6 or so months ago from work with love bites on his next and I believed his shitty excuse then he planned a trip to stay in the middle of the red night district in Amsterdam behind my back and ignored me the whole time and stayed an extra night without obviously letting me fucking know and I was devastated thinking his plane crashed... like I wasn’t devastated in the first place. 

He promised me nothing like that would happen again because of how much he hurt me and a month ago he told me he’s going to a place a ten hour drive away with his friends and said he really wanted me to come and he couldn’t go without me. So last night I stayed at his house so we could leave together and he decided he’s now getting the car with his friends and tried to walk out his own house on me and leave me an hour away from home at 2 in the fucking morning minutes away from where my kidnapper lives who kidnapped me last week and he’s not in fucking prison. 

I got in his friends car crying begging him song leave me here don’t do this to me again and he dragged me out across the road and pinned me down and tried to get his friend to floor his car on me and ran off from me and obviously I ran after him given it being 2 am and my kidnapper lives up the fucking road and he starts kicking me while I almost have an asthma attack. He phoned his friend while I was in bits crying saying he was going to run off and leave me and meet them to get picked up. And he fucking did. He fucking left me. Claims he loves me and just abuses me and does this bullshit. I’ve had enough. Nothings going right and this has pushed me over the fucking edge. Imagine your boyfriend or girlfriend trying to get you ran over and leaving you when they said they wouldn’t ar 2 am in the streets dragging you across the road onto a field thing and running off to maybe get fucking kidnapped again. What. The. Fuck. 