Sort of ventingHi, well this is going to be a wall of text so I don't blame you for not reading it, I just want to get this off of my chest, I never have before

I've never been diagnosed with depression, I've never talked to anyone about it, maybe I'm just a narcissist who is sad all the time I don't know. But I do feel "sad" a lot, around 6 years I've felt a numbness in the back of my mind which comes and goes as it pleases. I remember being around 12-13 years old and crying/praying to God to take me in my sleep, I didnt want to live anymore, and waking up the next day, and the day after, and the day after that was part of the reason I stopped believing in religion. I was lonely, I was bullied in school by my "friends", but I stuck by them because they were all I had. Eventually things did get better, I made new friends, my confidence grew and the want to die did go away.
Up until about 2 years ago I was "ok". My best friend (no longer, she was a horrible person) stopped wanting to hang out with me and spend time with her boyfriend instead. The kicker is that her boyfriend was also one of my best friends and I was infatuated with him, so you can see how fun that time was (for the record I never cheated with him, but she assumed that we had something going, even though I was his friend long before I knew her). I live quite far away from the rest of my friends, and so hardly seen the rest of them, I still barely do, perhaps once a month at best?
Currently I'm 18 and I'm just tired of living, to be honestly it's not living I'm doing anymore, it's "surviving" and honestly I'm horrible at it. I dropped out of Uni a few weeks ago because I hated what I did, and now have no idea what I want to do with my life. I have a part time job in retail and that's not what I want to do for the rest of my life, but it's looking more likely as I'm such an undecided person, that's if I even get back into university, I have to take a year out. Life to me now is a haze of staying up until 3-4am playing video games, sleeping until 12, rinse and repeat. Games make me feel like I have a sense of purpose, they fill time and allow me some escapism, I'm a terrible daydreamer, but I prefer living in a fake reality.
Honestly the only thing that's stopping me from hanging from a tree is my family. I just wish that my parents hated me, I want them to hate me so badly that the thought of losing me won't bother them, but honestly it will kill them. My dad has bad mental health, he suffers from bad anxiety and PTSD (resulting from traumatic past, we live in a shitty country which had a bloody 30 year period). I just can't hurt them, but the thought of having to continue like this is too overwhelming. They're so dissapointed in me from quitting Uni, they sort of support me of course, but compared to the rest of my star cousins I'm just the dropout, the disappointment of the family. I feel so out of place with my family, they're so different from me, outgoing and happy, and what they say can hurt "You need to go out more, meet a boy etc" and those sorts of things, it hurts because I know it's true and because mostly they just pity me and I don't want them to. My mother forces my cousins to invite me places, it's just fucking embarrassing. I do have friends, albeit only around 2-3, but I never make any effort, and I don't blame them for not making any effort with me.
I've never told anyone about what goes on inside my head, my mum has some idea, bringing me to the doctors who lovingly just diagnosed me with a bad case of PMS. My friends have no idea, the only one I have ever told is my former best friends Boyfriend, he suffers from depression and is on anti-depressants etc but we have stopped speaking as of recently, he has a great social life etc and I don't blame him for wanting to cut me out
I'm going on holiday in July with my friends, which is one thing to look forward to. But hopefully by the end of the summer I won't be here anymore. Last year I promised myself if I didnt get into Uni, I'd do it, but I did and I was so so so happy, I thought my life would change, I achieved something. But no, I'm still stuck in this rut I have been for 6 years, I have nothing to live for, I'm just a waste, when I die my organs will be donated so that some poor person who really deserves this life can carry on, at least I can give some happiness and joy to the world that way.

Thank you for reading this if you did.