. Slightly non-traditional post. I worry about my girlfriend. And I have a question.My girlfriend suffers from depression, an emotionally abusive family (who steals her disability checks), and cerebral palse (caused by her mother drinking, smoking, and partying while 4 months pregnant causing her to be 2+ months premature). She lives with me now to get away from her family. Shes in college and working but it's very hard on her and she can't drive because of the CP. Shes stopped now. But she has cuts all the way up her wrists and she's tried to kill herself several times. I began dating her in December. I wanted her to meet a nice guy. She used to date assholes: sexual abuse, verbal, and even sometimes physical (don't worry. I've talked to most of the guys {who are usually all scrawny punks} and had a little more than a word with the guy that practically raped her. Granted usually strong words from a 240lb biker who lifts every day usually teaches you enough of a lesson). I wanted her to have someone that wanted to take care of her. Show her the good side of relationships. The problem is. She always goes on about how she "would never survive without me," and how she's "helpless without me." and as the relationship goes on and we improve her situation it seems like she becomes more dependent on me. I get her to college. I got her a job so she can make a little money. She lives with us to get out of her terrible home life. But I never intended this relationship to "be forever"  like she wants. I love her. I really do. As a friend. I know this is harsh. But I only post it here because I actually worry about her. Other than the motorcycles and the occasional Street race I'm a straight laced guy. A businessman. I'm going to school for a biomedical degree. I'm gonna be a hospital guy. Shes a partier. Shes done her share of drugs (I stopped that habit, along with her drinking and smoking.) she hangs out with people that get in a lot of trouble (all of whom hate me for dragging her out of that group of thieves, drug dealers, and generally violent people). Shes always go getting new piercings and tattoos and dying her hair. (which is fine. It's just not me.) she's abrasive and passionate. Im not. If she's the kid in your class or at your work that stands out. I'm the one you didn't notice whose quietly doing his work. Like I said. I dated her hoping it would get her on track. And it did. But I worry she will slip off. Because the truth is. We aren't compatible. And I can't see an exit strategy that won't crush her. She's so madly "in love" not with me, but the way I've improved her situation. But she misplaces it on me. Like I'm the boyfriend sent from on high to take her away and keep her happy the rest of her life. When the truth is I went into this relationship knowing she has flaws that don't mesh with my huge flaws well. (for example. I believe in hard work and getting things done as efficiently as possible as quickly as possible, to the point I'm a severe workaholic, I used to suffer from depression and a bad home life too. I just buried it in work not parties and drugs. while she procrstinates. It causes massive fights already.) Knowing this was temporary. I knew had I not been their for her she would have killed herself. I know. Because just after we started dating she tried. And I stopped her. But I don't know how to move this relationship back to just being friends. She wants so many things I can't provide. I see her as the friend I grew up with. Because of that I can't feel "intimate" with her. She wants these things. Like physical passion but I can't provide them. I can't see a future. But I don't want to drive her to make a mistake that would ruin hers. Any suggestions? I really need to figure this out. Just keep in mind. I do love her. I've known her since kindergarten. We've been in the same school and classes for 13 years. I just can't have a relationship with her. I want to be her friend. Someone watching out for her. Because if it wasnt me. No one would. Not even her family. I feel like my place in her world is not her boyfriend. But almost like a parent. Even though she's older than me. She never had good ones. And she needs someone to keep her safe. To talk her down. But I feel like my job is like that of a watchful friend. I'm already constantly trying to get her out of bed. And reminding her of appointments and dragging her to school. I just feel like that is not something a boyfriend should do. But a good parent. Thank you for your time. 