Everyday I lose more and more of my motivation.I don't even know where to start with where I am at the moment. 

Today, the manager at one of my jobs called me stupid. I'm not stupid, though. I work extremely hard at this job (which is just some minimum wage job, mind you). I wake up at 4am, leave on foot at 4:45, clock in at 5:20 and work until 1:30. I am never late. I never miss days. I complete my tasks on time sometimes better than on time. I'm courteous to customers.

 I've had to learn a lot in a relatively short period of time. I've been at this job for one month and have never worked in food before. I had always had office jobs. Didn't matter, I learned even though no one was really willing to teach (you read my resume, why fucking hire me then??). If I make one mistake they say "You do everything wrong". Or, today it was "You know some people are smart and can learn something after being shown once". 

I work two jobs. I'm currently writing this at my second job, where I've spent 45 minutes crying because someone called me stupid. I work from 5am to 7pm everyday. I come in when not scheduled and stay late when asked. I lost another job earlier this summer and I guess I just have jot recovered emotionally. 

It just feels like no matter how much work I put in to anything it will never pay off. I'll always be stupid or have the wrong personality or something. I just don't know why I even do it anymore.

I'm working to pay my rent and have a place to live and sustain a life that to be honest with you I don't even want. I haven't wanted my life since I was a teenager. I'm 25 now not fifteen. I haven't accomplished a single noteworthy thing. Growing up people told me I was smart, but obviously that's not the case or my life would have amounted to more than this. 

Recently I came up with a plan, a really vague plan, that I would save up money and move to a different city in the US. It's possible, I can do it. Probably much more easily than I think. But what would be the point? I'd still just be me. Me in a different town, which means a promising beginning but the same old bullshit. The same storm that is my life. 

What's the point of setting goals if I know that even if I achieve them, I'll still be the same walking disaster? I am waking up every single morning and asking myself this question. I want to be in a relationship with someone, only because it would give me a sense of purpose. I don't want to go back to school; I don't want to keep working like this forever. I don't know what goals I can make that are attainable or viable. I don't know why I don't go to sleep on the train tracks near my apartment. I think about it everyday. I can see myself doing it. I feel more motivated to overcome the fear keeping my from committing suicide than to find a reason to not commit suicide. 

I'm so tired, all the time. I'm done with it.