I don't know what I'm doing to keep fucking up my relationship. I'm worthless.Today, after believing everything in my relationship was going fairly smoothly, I was told that my 22 y.o. boyfriend has been considering breaking up with me (21 y.o. female) for the past month. 

Back story: I have been battling severe depression for the past year. It got to the point to where I was self harming, and attempted twice to swallow an entire large bottle of 800 mg Ibuprofen. My boyfriend, understandably, was stressed out about this to the point to where he almost broke up with me. After talking about what I needed to do and go from there, we agreed that we were both going to work on some things. He was going to attempt to be more emotionally available (because he self admittedly cannot and has not been so to anyone before), and I was going to work on my sensitivity and depression issues. And so, I did. I was doing excellent for months (about 4-5), gaining more energy, and focusing on other things to block the negative emotion that would occur to something that triggered it. I backslid twice, however, one of these being a drunken self harm spree about a month ago. I attempted to swallow a whole bottle of pills again, and left scratch marks and a bite mark on my boyfriend from when I attempted to get him off of me when he was restraining me from doing so. I apologized the next morning and felt like shit about it for days after. My boyfriend said it was alright, and that backsliding can occur in people who are working at it. Ever since then, I have done alright, and believed everything was going well. My boyfriend was being a bit more emotionally supportive and affectionate, I had a wonderful Christmas, and I felt like I had done well in controlling my emotions. 

Then, I got the news today that my boyfriend has been considering heavily  in breaking up with me. I don't know what I've really done wrong, other than being a bit down today about a rejection issue when it comes to us in the bedroom (I'm unable to initiate sex with him, and its been that way for about a year and a half. I tried last night. Didn't work. Etc.). He cites his reason for considering so being the event that happened a month ago and the fact that I haven't been to a therapist, even though he himself admits that I've done very well in controlling everything and being in a good mood.He says my depression is causing him extreme stress again, but he's acted happy, and I haven't been displaying any terrible moods or episodes. I feel so blindsided. I want to self harm or just off myself. I don't feel like I can function normally in this relationship or any other relationship to meet anyone's acceptable standards. I believed that this process of developing good coping skills would take a while, but I'm obviously not progressing to the point where it is meeting his expectations. This condition is always going to be thrown in my face, and I'm always going to be a burden. I don't know what to do.  