Girlfriend/ex girlfriendSo I've been with my girlfriend for over a year now. She's always struggled with bi-polar depression, added to that she has an alcoholic mother and her father only shows up every few months to throw some money at her. Before we were dating we were friends for almost a year and none of this came up besides her mom's drinking every once in a while. Over the span of the relationship we have fought, a lot... horrid things were said, I've left, she's left etc etc. It always comes back to the same themes about how "alone" she feels, or how she can't feel anything, she constantly accuses me of not caring. She ignores any and all attempts at me opening up and takes it as personal attacks aginst her. Honestly I'm really tried of fighting with her to prove I care about her.

She refuses to take any medication her therapist prescribes to help with the depression, she skips appointments all the time, and I know she lies to him and is uncomfortable talking to him these days. Added to this, she will not function without taking adderall every day anymore. She's admitted to me that she lied to her therapist to even get the adderall. Witch I know can give suicidal side effects.

Every week, sometimes more than once a week, she tells me about her desires to die because she cannot feel anything. Especially happiness. In daylight or throughout normal days she tells me she has no intentions of hurting herself, but at night it gets so bad she just spills it out. Listening to this has taken an extreme tole on me, along with the fighting, and she constantly likes to tell me I'm the reason she feels so bad.

We're officially broken up again (this happens a lot so I'm sorry if I'm not bubbling with emotion) but I don't want to go back to her. That doesn't mean I don't or never cared about her; but she's only gotten worse over the last year and refuses to take steps to get better. If I try to talk with her she acts like I'm just picking at her problems when it's true worry.

Honestly I'm at the point if she texts me again about her desires to die I'll have to call a hotline or something. I don't want to see her locked up or anything but I don't know any other options.

Do I even have options? Would I be better just cutting contact and staying out of her life? She does not have any really support lines left besides her mother, who would LOVE to turn her into an alcoholic.

I'm not sure if this is even the right subreddit, but I need to rant and open up a little bit. Nobody around me hears me talk and all my friends just tell me to drop her. I'm confused, tired, wish I could just be done, but I can't leave her to die. Maybe I am the cause of her unhappiness? God I don't know... thanks to anyone willing to read this I guess. I have to go do community service for college now. Hope she doesn't blow up my phone well I'm there!