I cant do this anymore.First of all im really sorry if my english sucks, its not my first language, but i found this forum and i feel like this is the only way i can share what i struggling with without anyone judging me. 

Im a female, im 18 years old, and i've been struggling with social anxiety and ocd half of my life. Everything started when i was 12, i was a happy kid until some people started laughting at me because i was the shy one and i didnt have friends. I suffered bullying for 4 years.

Then high school came, and i went to a new school, i was happy because this was the last two years of school, and then i was going to college finally. But the last year, my anxiety got really worse to the point that i couldnt even enter to school like any normal person, i'd go up in the morning, i'd put my clothes on, i'd prepare anything that i needed to go to school with the intention of taking my classes but then i'd leave my house and the anxiety would come, so i had to go back to my house again because i felt like throwing up and crying like crezy. You might thing that is okay to feel like that, the main problem were my parents.

They were judgamental all the time, everytime i'd return to my house because i was unable to go anywhere, they'd shout at me telling me things like "You can do whatever the fuck you want, you are an adult" "Its your future" I had to leave school and get therapy, and i did, i started taking meds and i felt like i was recovering the old me again.

So this year i decided that i wanted to come back again and try to study again. The first period of school (before christmas holidays to understand it better) was going alright, sometimes i'd feel some anxiety, but i was able to go back to school again, my grades were really good and i was happy. My therapist got my meds taken in november.

Everything was going alright since January, i started to feeling really anxious again to the point the i wasnt able to sleep for three days, so i couldn't go to school anymore. My parents were so mad at me that they started yellin at me again "You are a disaster" "You dont have anything" "You are doing this because you dont want to go to school" "Do something with your life" "You are arrogant" Its been like this for three weeks. Luckily i had the audacity to go back and do my exams, with good results again. But its been like this for three weeks, and i feel like shit.

When i have an anxiety attack, they dont believe me, they just yell at me, they leave me alone and they dont talk to me for days. I dont have any reason to fight anymore, I dont have any support, this isnt gettin better, my new therapist isnt working because she says that i dont have anything, i cant change to another one because my parents dont want to and they think she's alright. I cant do this anymore, i feel useless and powerless because there's nothing i cant do. Im ready to kill myself. No one believes me, and thats why i dont have any support, even when i had taken antidepressants because of anxiety.

Thank you for listening, and as i said before, sorry for my bad english. Hope you're alright and take care. 

