I keep messing up but at this point...I come from a low-income family, so moving into a developed country was supposed to be the notion that I should study at a decent high school then to a decent university then get a decent job and finally have a family. Unfortunately, the process is not meant for me. Even worse, I am in constant comparison to my other family members who are doing ten times better than I am and are on track 100%

That process happened in university, I failed my programming class, and I could not repeat it in winter nor summer. Since I have to take it next year, I became very aware of the bad habits that range from lack of time management, improper planning, procrastination, and not asking enough questions. I take full accountability of my actions. 

I came up with a solid plan to pass that programming since I have majority of the material (lectures slides, notes, and exam papers) and motivated to relearn everything and take that class again. But when I told my parents about my grade.. 

They asked me what would I do if I failed the class once again, what would be my next step?                                                        What will my other program considerations, since every decent major requires programming, there is really no way around this?                                                                                                                                                                                                       They have said that this is only my first year with couple courses, if I am struggling like hell then what qualifies me to handle more courses in the future.        

The thing is that I can not afford to fail that course. That is not a viable option for me. So, I panicked and could not come with an answer on what would I do if I do fail once again.                                                                                                                                                     

It really feels being truly alone in here. While being asked those questions, I felt the urge to go here, I truly felt like I am nothing but disappointment to my family's eyes. I have thinking about just getting a job, just enough to have my own place to live. I can not live with this mindset of feeling empty, constantly anxious, and pessimist about my future.  

It just gets to the point where all you start is make ultimatums - if I don't make it from point A to point B then that's it, I am ending my life. I began doing research on some of the painless suicidal methods, but I know this pain will carry on to my entire family. As much as they hurt me, they do mean the best for me but it is all unattainable expectations that I can not fulfill and I am very sorry for it. I looked into ways where I could leave extra thousands of dollars for the funeral, and other any burden I have brought into this family.