I'm readyBasically I tried to end it last night but people knew what I had planned and somehow managed to find me. I'm not sure now how to do it but I need to do it asap to I don't prolong families suffering.

Will try and keep this short as possible but I'm 24. 8 years ago my on off girlfriend (who was also like my best friend when we weren't together) was stabbed to death. This destroyed me. About 3 years later one of my staff who I had been seeing became pregnant and aborted the baby without telling me. Not long after I tried to overdose twice in a week and failed. 

For the past 3 years I've been in a relationship with a girl and life has been far better. We travelled the world, planned on buying a house and just had great times. There were a lot of bad times too obviously but only a bit more than you would expect.

Last year we went to China for a holiday but a week before it all got too much again and I blanked out and walked to a bridge near me and stood on there. It didn't take long at all for police to turn up and eventually after hours and tons of police closing the large road beneath, they talked me down. The one thing that made me get off that bridge was my girlfriend. 

After China I was in the states and had another meltdown and split up with her. I'm not sure why but I did. We still for the last 6 months have seen eachother a lot, she regularly stays over and recently we started going out and doing things together. The other day I decided to start things officially again with her. When I did she said she couldn't trust me to not hurt her again and she wants to move on and doesn't want anything at all to do with me ever. This was a shock and has absolutely ruined me. Last night I decided to end it, I went for drinks and wanted to be pretty drunk. I made sure I was off the radar, no location on my phone, people tried to trick me by ringing asking where I was so they could join me for a drink pretending they didn't know what I had planned but eventually one friend managed to find me, then shortly after the police turned up. This pissed me off because I was so close, I was having one last drink and heading up the bug building next door.

I've made the decision that I have to end it but now I'm not sure how I'm going to do it. The ex girlfriend still won't see me but called none stop last night, my family are super upset and I feel like I'm extending their pain too much and I just need to get it over with. They keep saying I need help but I'm beyond help now. I've bounced back for the most part from things that have happened before but this was the straw that broke the camel's back. I need her back but I can't and I have accepted defeat. I'm going to end it.