This might not be appropriate for the subreddit, but I need help for a friend.**I'm going to say up front that in the time of writing this post, the threat for suicide has been apparently revoked. Know that this post isn't exactly super important at this point in time because of this.**

Please forgive me if this isn't the right subreddit to be posting this in -- as far as I know it's generally for those who are personally seeking advice, but it's the only subreddit I know to go to for such a situation.

A friend of mine has on an internet community repeatedly threatened suicide. He has described the most recent attempt at suicide as having pulled the trigger and hearing the gun click. In his current state I feel like he might end up making the decision to try again at some point in the future.

 I only know this person through the internet. While there are two other people that know him locally, neither is available and one is not willing to cooperate with any attempt made to get some professional help for this guy. This unwillingness is because he doesn't believe the claims of the suicidal individual, and further doesn't believe that anything he does will help.

I know enough personal information to know what county he lives in, his first and last name, the high school he is enrolled in (which is currently out on winter break) and generally enough, I would think, to contact the police.

I have the power and permission to make a call to the police in his county, but my father has warned me about calling by saying that I may be getting involved in something by calling the police. Is there any actual chance that my call would be acknowledged? Would the police be able to do anything with the information that I have? Would there be any chance I would be dragged into anything larger than making a call and trying to save someone's life?

*The situation has changed in the middle of me writing this post.*

At this point in time, he has apparently reversed his decision. He has told all of us who were concerned that he told his parents about his suicide attempts and thoughts, and intends to talk to a teacher at the first possibility. He will receive professional help, and I feel like calling the police would be overzealous at this point in time.

Still, though, I feel like a problem of this sort might come back up again in the future, and in that case I'd love to have these questions answered and concerns addressed. Thanks for your time, Reddit.