Attachment to the people supporting you.TL;DR at bottom.


I've been suicidal for 5+ years and since July 2014 had been actively preparing to kill myself. I pushed everyone away, researched and decided on a method, got everything ready and then I couldn't get past the guilt and didn't go through with it. No one knew I was suicidal or was having issues, no one knew much of anything about me because I constantly had a wall around me and just bottled up everything and ignored it.


After I didn't go through with it I just chalked it up to not having suffered enough and decided to just let myself waste away until I could do it. In a drug-fueled breakdown one night I ended up texting a friend and told her that I was suicidal. I'd crushed on this girl all through highschool and though we didn't talk much the last 2 years of high school and hadn't talked much in the 2 years since graduation she felt like the only person I could open up to.


I freaked out after telling her and after we talked a bit I stopped texting her and spent 2 months thinking about talking to her until she called me and got me to hangout and talk to her. We've talked a lot the past few days and I opened up and she convinced me to at least tell my parents something is wrong with me (they still don't know I'm suicidal). 


I really really liked her in highschool but felt I had no chance so I tried no contact with her for years and I tried finding someone else I liked so I could get over her but now she is the only person I have and everything about her is just pulling me back harder than before. I know she really cares about me and despite giving her the cold shoulder for years she is still here for me, but I don't think she will ever feel anything more than that and though I really need her now I feel it's just going to make me hurt more.



TL;DR: Suicidal for 5 years, didn't talk about it so no one knew, was going to attempt ~4 months ago but didn't because of guilt. Got really high and texted a friend that I had a crush on all through highschool and is the only person I feel comfortable being open with. I told her I was suicidal, we talked for a bit and then I got nervous and uncertain and didn't talk for 2 months. We started talking again a week ago, I've opened up a lot to her but I'm falling for her even harder than before and it's only making it hurt more.