Hopeless in life... therapy not helping... (warning, very negative)if you dont want to be bombarded with depressing thoughts you should probably stop here, or skip to the last part.. is there a better subreddit for this?

I feel increasingly hopeless in life and have no idea how to cope with it. When i stop and think it seems like the world would be better off without me. I feel like people in general are only happy because they believe in things that are delusional. that they are special enough to be born into the one true religion and god loves them even though theyve never read gods book (not all people obviously), that people are inherently good, that we arent simply mindless information processing machines that only developed a sense of self to cope with being alive. we say "i like horror movies" but in what way does someone choose anything? the things we "choose" are simply things our brains are predisposed to seek out but confabulate reasons later to justify the illusion of free will. "I like alcohol" would be more accurately "this experience of consciousness is a natural state of misery and alcohol numbs that experience". the fact that slave labor and veal are less of a problem to most people than kanye wests latest petty squabble makes me think people are just selfish creatures no better than other animals and we are greatly overpopulated. we hit deer with our cars and blame them when we are the ones taking their homes away in the first place. if someone told me they wouldnt rather 50 strangers be murdered than their closest loved one is probably lying. what does that say about people? theyd rather 50 OTHER people &amp; their families suffer the same fate rather than them &amp; their loved one? I feel like ive seen the truth, i realize how that must sound but i dont start from a premise (like everything is going to be okay) and work backwards, i look macro picture without bias and feel the truth is people are awful delusional selfish creatures. our idea of selflessness is having kids (because THEY want kids to make THEIR lives better) in an overpopulated world. this doesnt even address old age and how awful thatll be

anywy im pretty sure that im either just miserable and will be till the day i die unless i start taking on delusions. other times I think I think I'm just miserable (but its hard to take people seriously when the majority believe in ghosts and dont give a fuck about the suffering they fund on a daily basis). if i am just a miserable fuck Ill probably be that way forever. life will be coping with existence until the day i die, trying my hardest to feel just ok. I feel like my therapist, and my last one, tries to get me to believe things that just arent true because there is no hope for me. either the world is a horrible place or my happiness experiencing organ is broken and on some level i dont want to be happy (im pretty certain its the first one, the second seems like fucked up mental tricks to not actually address that both the world and my life should end). I kind of just want to run away to some place where ill never deal with people again, more than that i want to die but i dont even want that bad enough to do anything about it. i dont believe my therapist says whats true but what they think will help me cope with my horrible life
