Trapped in a world constructed my my mind. 

English is not my first language. So some of the things that characterizes me I believe are: depression, sensitivity, sluggish cognitive tempo (sct), social anxiety and asd(have diagnosis). I've convinced myself that my version of reality is warped and greatly limited compared to the average person. Dunno, maybe I'm just being delusional. I've completely abandoned my ego because possessing one takes me to a place I like to call the abyss. This basically gives me ignorant suffering. Okay, I'll try to explain this the best I can. Several regions of my brain appear to be inactive and it's always been like this since I've been born. Due to this and the things I've listed before, without sufficient self-awareness life can become quite miserable without me realizing it. I reject my experience of reality and started considering the possibility of everyone else being soulless except me. The perfect coping mechanism! I can't validate my version of the world or other people's existences. Even as I read your comments, it will literally turn into a feedback loop to be interpreted by my brain. So I pay close attention to my thoughts, feelings, inclinations, ambitions, point of view, emotions and basically reject them. I have this constant need for stimulation(think I may have inattentive adhd), otherwise I get bored, completely empty and start feeling really . Though denying the very core essence of my being requires so much brainpower due to things listed above, and due to poor memory, I start doubting my belief. All I want to do is turn into a recluse and live a life of self-indulgence completely cutting myself off of society for good.

A problem that I often have is falling victim to the flow of others (like a toddler). Have I lost a part of my psyche? I don't know what to believe, when to feel guility, when to feel happy, when to feel sad, what to consider an accomplishment. The world I know has been created thorugh the perspective of my mind. Something I deeply hate , and thus I am a forsaken existence. I can't communicate with the outside world due to the feedback loop thingy (Don't know how to interpret reality). Although, I don't feel completly alone because I believe in God.