I’m either killing or knocking myself out today, but I have a problem in my plans.Probably a very long text incoming. 

I’ve been suicidal since I was little. Since first grade I’ve always been extremely unhappy. I’m terrible at making friends, everyone around me seems like an idiot and I have very different tastes from everyone else. I’ve always spent my time drawing or reading. I’ve always been into reading about court cases because I wanted to bring the world justice when I grew up. I wanted to either become a forensic, lawyer or detective. 

Then my father was kidnapped. I grew up in Mexico, a dangerous country plagued with crime, as you all know. It brought me misery. It increased the anxiety I already had. My depression grew worse. I didn’t even have anyone to rely on because I never made friends. I still look back every minute when I walk on the street, I frantically search for anyone that might be following me. We lost so much to those criminals. We lost all our money. All our belongings. We had to stay away from that town, and our house and my grandparents’ got robbed.

My grandfather was very sick at the time, and this only worsened his condition. He died months later. This was when I truly began falling apart. I loved my grandfather, he’d brought so much joy to my life. He was a quiet man who really only spoke when he needed to, and was extremely funny when grumpy. But even so, he always proud of his grandchild, who did so well in school and could speak three languages. He was so proud of his grandchild, who was quiet and shy. He was proud of the girl who had no confidence and had too many flaws. He was so proud of me. He even tried to learn English so he could speak English with me. He knew how much I love the language. 
His death teared me apart. Soon before he died, I could feel it coming. I knew something was wrong. I made sure to give him as much affection as possible and let him know that I loved him.

Then one night, when I was home, my father gathered the family. He told us my grandfather died in the hospital. He told me my grandfather had mentioned, moments before his death, how happy he was because he felt so loved by me. I began sobbing. I screamed all night. We drove for four hours to the town where my grandfather had lived. I was the person at the funeral who cried the most. I couldn’t sleep. I couldn’t even say goodbye. Even as he was slowly put in the crematorium, I couldn’t say goodbye. The sight of my grandfather, pale, unmoving, stopped me from being able to speak or even approach. The next night, back home, I dreamt that my family and I were in our house, doing whatever. I heard a knock on the door, so I opened it. It was my grandfather. He smiled and gave me a hug, and we all said “welcome home.” I still can’t get over that dream, and it’s been so long. It’s been so many years. I miss him so much. 

And now I’m 16. I live in Germany, where I was born before I was sent to Mexico. I’m miserable. I’m failing school, which is something that had never happened before. I can’t even get out of bed in the morning because I’m so horrified by the thought of facing the people, the failure, the noise, the pressure. I vomit and I have panic attacks almost every day. I can’t handle people. Not only have I had severe depression and anxiety for years, I was also diagnosed with autism. It only makes me feel more like a freak. Life is a vivid nightmare I can’t wake up from. I don’t care if I sound emo. It’s the truth. I feel horrible. I’ve been suicidal for so long. Back when I told my best friend at the time, a girl who I’d known since I was a baby, all she did was leave. That was so long ago but I resent her and myself for it. Every time I decide to trust someone they leave. They always leave. I’m always there for everyone, I do so much, but nobody ever returns it. 
Nobody except for my cat. 

My cat is the only reason I’m here. She’s the sweetest thing on earth. She’s always by my side, or on top of me. Even if I only get up to go to the kitchen, she makes sure to follow me. When I cry, she meows and rubs herself against me. She always sleeps at my feet. She’s upset when I’m not at home. She needs me, just as I need her. Which is why I hesitate when it comes to killing myself. There is no merit in me living any longer, I’ve given up on my dream of having my own cartoon (which had spawned way before the lawyer one) even if people tell me I have talent. I don’t. I don’t even have a computer. I can’t animate. I can’t afford the materials. We’re genuinely poor. 
But really, I plan on doing something to myself today. I can only hope my cat isn’t too upset. I pray that my mom will protect her from sadness. I don’t want my cat to die of a broken heart. I don’t want my sweet Ani to suffer like I do. 

I don’t know yet how I’ll kill myself. I have a lot of options. But I’ll try to just overdose because it seems like the least messy option. 


I don’t know why I’m posting this. I don’t know if I subconsciously want someone to stop me, or if I expect my mom to unlock my phone and find this once it’s all over. Maybe I just felt like I had to get this out there. I’m going to remove the password to my phone. 

But if you do find this, mom, I want you to know that I love you, and that I’m very sorry. Despite your best efforts to keep me alive, I’m too weak to keep going. I’m all out of energy. I have been for years. Please keep going. I know you had a horrible childhood, and still suffer from trauma, but you’re the strongest person I know. Keep going. You have my brother. He’s always been better at everything and a popular guy. Tell him to stay strong too.