Tomorrow Was The Day I Could Have Finally Went To The Beyond... If Fate Was More Kind.I created a post here a while ago stating my plans to take my own life this weekend. Unfortunately, I will not be able to go through with it. I know that may seem like good news to you, but it isn't.. It really isn't.

I was so prepared; I had everything thought out. I was planning on stabbing myself as deeply as possible with a sword, and imagining my demise filled me with so much happiness.

The reason as to why I'm unable to end it all is because I would do nothing but put my boyfriend in danger. Of course, the last thing I want to do is hurt him, but he's been the most understanding and supportive of my thoughts and of me. I couldn't ask for more support; he's literally the best thing that's ever happened to me. He keeps me from going completely insane, although I feel as if my sanity is starting to vanish after all this.

However, although he makes life more bearable, I'm still suffering through indescribable mental and physical pain. There is only so much pain a person can handle, and my boyfriend understands that I had reached my breaking point long ago.

I was planning on having one last Skype call with him, since he wanted to hear my voice one last time before I went through with any plans I had. 

However, the both of us have just recently realized the legal risks this would create. The cops could easily look through our Skype conversations, and consider what my boyfriend is doing as assisted suicide. 

He doesn't deserve to be punished for my actions and for being nothing but an extremely kind and supportive individual. After learning this, there's no way in hell I could still go through with it. I'd be the biggest asshole in the world if I sacrificed him to escape..

However, the thought of being able to commit suicide at anytime in the past comforted me greatly during my panic attacks and breakdowns. But now, I have no such comfort.

I feel so trapped.. I have no way to escape.. I'm forced to stay in this hell until I die from natural causes or something else.. I wanted my death to be caused by me..

Everything's just closing in on me.. I feel so broken.. I don't know what to do anymore.. All I'm capable of doing is crying.. What kind of life is that.. Not one that I want to live through, but one that I'm forced to..

Suicide still crosses my mind every few minutes, but I know that I'll never be able to do it now.. No matter how tempting it is..