There's no other way and I'm getting closer to the end.I lay in bed tonight and finally realize it is time to go soon. I've felt this way for years, and it's not changing. I don't even know where to start, I don't want attention, or sympathy. I just need someone to understand where I'm coming from. I want my last words to be everything bad that's happened to me. I want everyone I love to remember the good and everyone who has done me bad be faced with the fact my death is their fault. 

My life was fine up until the summer after fifth grade. I was a naive child then, but all I knew was my mom could not pay the bills anymore. We were about to become homeless. Her solution? Contact her half-brother she hadn't spoken to in forever. He let us move in his trailer days before we were to be evicted.

I'd never met this man before, but three months into living with him the child within me had been exposed to a different sort of monster. Beer cans everywhere, music blasting on school nights. Him yelling and me cuddled up against my mom as she told me it's alright before popping another pain pill.

We all ended up moving to another home in 7th grade, and his alcoholic fits of rage at night got exceedingly worse. I was going to a school out of my school zone and he was the one taking me to school everyday. My mom had no car. He was our provider. I guess this is why he thought it was okay to masturbate in the car every morning. I guess the fact he was our provider was the reason why I never said anything. What child wants to be homeless? What child wants to go hungry?

I ended up moving in with a friend during 8th-9th grade. Moved back in with my mom and him at the end of 9th grade after my friend's parents didn't want to provide for me anymore. If only they had known why I sought a sanctuary in their home. Those nine months with them were the most peaceful my life has ever been.

Same 'ol same. The rage and threats towards my mom got worse. So did her pill problem. So did my self mutilation. So did my anorexia. But he'd stopped masturbating in the car. I was grateful.

The start of tenth grade it started back up again. I thought he'd stop this. My grades were dropping by then. I'd dropped out of my favorite extracurricular activity. I created a makeshift hog tie out of a piece of thick wire and had it hanging in my room, waiting. I tried once, it popped out of the ceiling. My mom eventually noticed. I told my mom I was suicidal. She never got me help. She'd seen the cuts before too. Still, no help for me. 

It was November 23 of 10th grade, that night he was really angry. He was threatening us with death, so my mom called the cops and we escaped out the back door. As we were running down the road to the sound of the sirens, I told her about what he'd been doing. That night we made a police report against him.

He turned himself in a few days later. I dropped out of the rest of tenth grade. My mom and I finally had the house to ourselves. That would have been great if my mom hadn't cared more about drugs than getting up off her fucking ass and doing something to pay the bills. We somehow got by for a couple months, but finally the water got shut off. Then the electricity.

I lived inside that house for a month with no water and electricity. Hot Texas heat and no food can sure have an effect on you. I was sick all the time. I'd lay in the bed under a bunch of covers hoping I'd have a heat stroke. 

She went to jail one night and I had nobody, so I called my older brother. He came from Houston to pick me up. He lives in a one bedroom apartment but that was okay. I was safe there. I would be fine. Not a lot to tell except he got me reenrolled in tenth grade last year. That and he also has a methadone and xanax addiction. He'd either be passed out on the floor or violent. He let me do cocaine once, and would also give me xanax. Fuck, he even gave me a small amount of methadone once. What 16 year old gives a fuck about their health when offered drugs?

I ended up moving back in with my mom this past July when he barred me from enjoying the summer with my friends, forcing me to sit around and endure his drug induced fits. Guess where my mom's living? Not on her own! With a "roommate." A good friend's husband. His wife is in jail for pedaling pills of course. 

I thought he was a good guy. I guess my mom does too, lol. Except he's come into my room multiple times telling me he'll buy me this or buy me that if I go off with him without my mom. Oh and not to mention he's called my legs sexy. OH, and did I forget? Lifting my blanket up and saying "I thought you'd be naked under there!" Haha, and my favorite, slapping me on the butt while I'm laying down. My mom's response? "I know it's uncomfortable for you, but not trying to be that way." The hell he's not you stupid bitch.

I'm 17. I never wanted to live this long. I refuse to live till my 18th birthday. I've been in bed depressed for days since he started this. This is the end. This is proof that my life isn't getting better. I'm not going anywhere. I have nobody. I don't go out like a normal teenager. I sit around trying to get a shitty buzz of robutussin. I'm ready to go. Even if my life were to get better, I've held this weight on my shoulders forever. I'm scarred. 
Nobody is there for me. Not even my own fucking mother.

I don't want another piece of shit man to abuse me again. I'm done. I've decided how to go. I'll make it as peaceful as possible. Helium tank and mask. It's something I've researched for years. Sorry if you actually read this all. I'm just ready and nobody ever wants to listen. Maybe somebody will listen this time. 

I hope there's nothing beyond life. I'd love a peaceful nothingness for once. Just once in my life could I sleep forever.