I'm (29M) destined to fail, destined to die, and I'm afraid that if I let anyone know who I really am, they'd abandon and betray me.A lot of days, I really don't feel like I have anything left to give.

I certainly find nothing particularly inviting or encouraging about life in general.  I've worked so hard to have accomplished none of my real goals in life.  I've seen so many opportunities go to others while I'm left at the kids table, hopelessly earning what little scraps I can scavenge.  There's honestly nothing to look forward to, nothing to really have any optimism to feel in working towards anything.

I also have realized lately I have no real autonomy in my life.  I have bills to pay, I have to work, I have to do so many things that others tell me.  My life is not my own, I'm merely subservient to the wills and demands of others.  As soon as I begin to even stray from the script that others have written for me, I'm beaten back down until I obey again.  

All life is is obeying until you die.  Any sense autonomy or free will is just a sordid illusion.  My only destiny is to obey and die in that order.  I can't believe the audacity of the people I work with and the other people that live their lives thinking that anything they will do will ever matter.  Today at work I have a number of things to do that will be utterly useless and totally forgotten in just a few months time.  Yet I have to pretend that it's the most important thing in the universe because the person that enslaves me with a paycheck laughably thinks so.  The people who fool themselves with delusions of relevancy darkly amuse me.

This isn't a life worth living.  All of my existence is fake.  It's just putting on a mask which makes others believe I'm happy, when the reality is each day is torture.  I don't think I have any real "friends," because those who know me enjoy the time of a character I'm playing.  It's not honest.  If they got to know the real me, they'd hate me.  I'm so paranoid that I might let my real personality or thoughts get out to them, and then they'd betray me.  It's probably inevitable.  Any given moment, I'm likely to slip.  They'll see through me and realize that instead of an obedient single-serving and irrelevant human being, I'm consumed with darkness and obsessed with death.  Then I'll have nothing, not even the fake relationships that barely let me hang on to sanity.

Am I destined to die soon?  Am I destined to be discovered and betrayed?

**tl;dr**: I fear that I may be found out for who I really am, then I'll have nothing left, not even the fake things that drag me along in life.