The End...?I've been having suicidal thoughts for most of my life. Probably started when I was 11 or 12. I just haven't felt like I'm good enough or smart enough. Feelings of worthlessness and self hate started to come out around this time as well and I guess they are what caused my suicidal thoughts. But I didn't want to tell anyone about these thoughts or feelings so I became really good at hiding them and keeping them secret from everyone. Including and especially my parents. We had a weird relationship where we never discussed our feelings and it was sort of awkward if we did. So I went through my life hiding these things and slowly building upon them.

Now I've never attempted suicide before or any type of self harm. I've thought about it but at those times, the thought never got far. Fast forward 10 years. I'm now 22 and those thoughts have crept back into the forefront of my mind. Something happened a couple months ago that really got those thoughts running.

I met a girl (let's call her Katy) 5 months ago and we really hit it off. When I was with her I felt like I could be completely open and tell her anything. She was the same way and also shared a lot of the same interests and views as me. We basically felt like we were a perfect match for each other. Being around her and with her forced the feelings of suicide and self hate to disappear and return to the dark corners of my mind. Slowly she began to help raise my confidence and self worth. This might sound cliche, but for the first time in my life I was truly happy. But then suddenly out of the blue Katy tells me that she doesn't love me the same way anymore and that it was over. Needless to say I was really caught off guard and left in the wake. She gave me no reason as to her sudden change of heart and every time I tried asking her, she said that she didn't know the reason.

I'm a very critical person and I take criticism way to seriously. I also am constantly thinking that everything that happens in my life, good or bad, is always my fault unless I am proven wrong. The fact that I was never given a reason as to why this girl broke up with me so suddenly really took a toll on me. I started to come up with reasons about me that could have been the cause. This has caused me to fall into a depressive state. I've been like this for about 2 months. The feelings that were pushed into the back of my mind have resurfaced and seriously have brought a halt to my life. Instead of doing things I should be doing and concentrating on school, all I think about is what I did wrong and how I'm so stupid.

I'm really socially awkward and I have very few friends. So the thought going out to meet new people terrifies me. And based on the girls I've met and seen at school, I feel like they will never be the same as Katy. I've had small bouts of depression in the past, but never as bad as now. I can't function normally anymore. It hurts to think about this but I just can't stop. I try and try but not matter what I keep finding myself thinking about her. My parents still do not know about Katy or these feelings. Going to a therapist for help or getting medication might alert them to this situation and that is something I really don't want. I really don't want to feel this way anymore but I don't know what to do. Suicide seems like the only way to escape this.

TL;DR I am severely depressed from a break up for no reason and I want to commit suicide to end these thoughts.