What if my "problem" is not temporary?I've been depressed for a few years now, it started in 2013 after my father died, and then a bunch of other terrible e some not so terrible stuff happened. Then it just got worse and worse over time. I've never talked to anyone about being depressed, because I'm extremely shy, even with people from my family. I know it sounds weird, because we're supposed to be close to our families, but for some reason, I'm still very shy and introvert around them, also with friends and especially strangers.

All of this makes it really hard  for me to get help, the only "help" I can get is from online forums, websites, articles e a couple of podcasts I listen to about depressions and such.

And one thing I noticed about all of this, is that they always mention that suicide is a permanent solution for a temporary problem. But what if it's not? They always tell  me that things ate going to get better, for years I've been listening to this, and it never does.

What if this is it? My entire life? For ever? Then I guess there is no reason to stick around and wait for it to get better like they say.

I work 10 hours a day, in a boring repetitive job that I hate, with people that treat me like shit because they know I'll never do anything to get back at them (because I'm a wimp).

At night, I go to college, I study journalism. The only reason that I chose this course was because I was kind of good at writing back when I was a kid. But now in college with a bunch of other people, I fell so inferior, everyone is so much better than me at literally everything.

Plus, most of the stuff I gotta do for college are things that require other people, basically being a sociable person, which I'm NOT. Not that I hate people and I'm a anti social person, it just the way I am. My parents and my two brothers are extremely friend, extroverts and likable people, yet I am nothing like them. I'm constantly being compared to the rest of my family, especially my brothers.

"Oh you're ****'s brother? How is that possible? They're so nice and friendly, and you sooo... *Makes sad face*".

These are things I'm hearing since I was a kid, and even though I started to be depressed in my teenage years, the sentence "things are going to get better" doesn't do anything to me anymore. I'm 19 years old and I'm starting to wonder if it's worth to keep going.

I just feel so disconnected and disposable, always and everywhere. I work at my shitty job for 2 years now, and I'm in the second semester at college, and I have literally zero friends, I feel so lonely and lost. I have no idea why I'm still in college, or even getting out of my bed  every morning. I'm constantly tired, sleepy and hungry. Everyday it gets worse and worse and I don't know for how long I can keep doing this.

I know I'm supposed to go to a therapist or something, but being extremely introverted, shy and with constant social anxiety I just have no idea how to even leave my house. Just going to the dentist for the first time a year and a half ago to get braces to fix my teeth and hopefully my self-esteem was such a challenge, I can't even imagine going to a total stranger and tell them all of this fucked up shit and so much more that I can't type here.

Sorry for the long text, I know no one is going to waste their time reading this, but I just had to get it out of my chest. Also sorry for my bad english, it's not my native language.