I want to die. Or something.Hi. I'm 19. My name is Eric. For most of my life I've always felt.. mediocre. I've never been good at anything, not even average at most things. I like videogames. I'm not any good at them. I have subpar reaction times and I can't seem to consistently aim at anything. I over eat. And under eat. It varies. I've always been overweight. I weigh about 260 right now I believe. I have a terrible attention span, and worse memory. I have to tell myself constantly to remember something I need to do the next day, or even that same night. When I focus on something, I lose focus of everything else until something brings me back. Probably why I don't drive. I'd probably get into an accident my first day out. Sometimes im not even focusing on anything, I just kinda zone out completely. I have no will to *do* things. Sometimes I even have to convince myself just to do things I enjoy. Like sleep, or eat, or play games. I'm terrible at keeping routines. I haven't properly brushed my teeth in years. Now my gums bleed, cut easily, and are receding heavily. I still can't regularly brush. I have boils and acne on most parts of my body. Some of them are painful and make it hurt to walk or sit. I still can't shower regularly. I'm constantly tired whether I sleep 12 hours or 2. It's gotten me addicted to caffeine, specifically energy drinks. I'm pretty sure it's because I'm not active and have a terrible diet, but I haven't changed either of those things. I hate what I see when I look in the mirror. And I know what I have to do to change that. But I can't. I want to, but I don't want to. When I try to, something feels wrong and I can't do it. And so I sit. One of the few things I probably don't need convincing or anything to enjoy is listening to music. I don't really have a preference. When I hear something that I think sounds good, I keep listening. Most of the time it just serves as a way to distract myself from everything around me. Like videogames, but requires less effort and attention. I used to think it was a good way to help distract from the routines I can't keep, that I would be able to use it to help keep them, but that didn't work. I have little to no independence. I have underdeveloped social skills, and practically no worldly skills. I don't know how to do taxes, don't understand a lot of financial or political jargon. I'm actually largely uneducated when it comes to politics. I just know it involves a lot of arguing with people, and I don't want to put the effort into doing that accurately, so I just remain ignorant about it all. I live with my mom, her boyfriend, and 6 siblings in a tiny apartment in Las Vegas. I've tried getting a job, but not even McDonald's wanted to hire a dropout with only a month of part time experience. Even that was through a temp agency. I donate plasma to fund my energy drink addiction. My littlest siblings are actually quite sweet, but I already know they'll likely grow up terribly too, because my mother is a terrible parent who stood with my abusive stepfather for years, even when given an out. 

I'm not necessarily looking for pity. I've gotten plenty in my other numerous cries for help online. I'm looking for someone to help me. I don't know how. I don't necessarily want to die, I'm actually quite afraid of dying, but I have nothing worth living for. I don't want to grow older and watch myself rapidly deteriorate. But I can't start changing that. I'd like to but I can't. I don't know why. The only other thing I can think of is joining the military. It would help my lack of education, finance, maybe even social skills. Maybe the military can help me learn discipline. I don't know. But it's a change, and I need that right now. It's pathetic, but I need some kind of big change, good or bad, to maybe shake me out of this 19 year rut.