I’m DONE - I’m at my wits end and can’t take this. M[22]For the past 22 years of my existence, I’ve struggled with every self deprecating mental fuckery I know of. Lack of self esteem, so I started doing things to make that bigger. Faking it till you make is bull shit. I’ve been doing that for years and so far all I can show for it is me being burnt out. The hobbies I once loved, I can’t even fathom to do anything with them. I’m considered a very good looking guy and work out/athletic type. But, I have never had any type of relationship that just made my stomach become filled up with butterflies. The ones I do like, it’s always bad timing or just not interested. 

My dad died when I was 17 after a short few month battle of cancer. I was already depressed and anxious then. That really just set me back a lot farther too. My mom just found a new bf and took my little brother with them to move across the country. I’m still in school with a year left and losing all of my support. My older brother is terrible to talk about this and I feel more guilty than happy after talking to him. My younger sister had just moved away to Mexico. (All within two weeks) My friends don’t have the same goals as I do and I spend more time doing things that will kill me anyway. But, it’s that or I’m lonely or worse than what I was. 

I’m st my wit ends, I’m working two jobs this summer to pay off debt and make sure my car is in working order before school starts. Haven’t had health insurance in years and can’t afford medication or appointments. I’m losing a lot more than I what I’m gaining and it’s been like that since I could remember. I hate feeling and I hate where my life is heading towards. Believe me I’ve tried, I WAKE UP EVERYDAY TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW DO I STOP FEELING LIKE THIS, WHAT ELSE AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?!?! I’ve asked for help/hotlines/XEffecft- anything to keep the thought of wanting to die out of my head. But I believe like there’s people who are to be great and influencers. There’s also people who just weren’t meant for a place in this world, they can try and try. But one day, they realize this world is not for them. And more people would benefit just not being in this world. 

I understand how selfish it can be, but don’t throw your assumptions on me and think you know what’s going on. Cause you don’t, and no one else is in my head besides me. No one knows my family or my history. Not even my closet friends. I want to end it now and just needed to get this off my chest. I’ll make sure to have everything in order for my family for them to be better off but I’m done. I’ve waited too long for this to get better by immersing myself into things that will bring light to me. The light at this tunnel just seems to be an illusion. 

I just needed to rant now, thanks for listening.