Holy fucking shit I hate myselfI always try to get drunk because I think it will make my thoughts more erratic and random, but really it just isolates the thoughts of self-loathing. I probably do this sub-consciously because if I focus on the reasons that I hate myself I will be more likely to kill myself focusing on only the negative things about me. (Obviously) I am going to ignore the “positive” things about me and only focus on the things that make me want to remove myself from this world. I say “this world”, but really we only get one life. I don’t want to start over, because there is no starting over. We get what we get, but I think that I’m too weak and pathetic a person to improve for the better. 5’11” (and a half that I sometimes round to 6’ to make myself feel better) and sometimes 160 pounds. I fluctuate between 155-160 but usually I’m below. That’s skinny as fucking shit. Basically skin and bone. I look at my wrists and I fucking recoil in disgust because I can see my individual wrist bones. Along with that, I am either extremely shy or don’t like people. Either way, I wish that I would interact with others more. What I “want” and what I “wish I wanted” are two different things. This is an incoherent mess, because (what I think is) luckily, I’m drunk. But when I’m drunk, I just spill my mind’s thoughts. This is kind of good, but kind of bad. I can’t talk like this while sober. This’ll be the end of this post because I have to piss. If someone tells me I’m not that bad, I won’t believe them. If someone tells me I’m a good guy, I won’t believe them. Just ignore me, because this post isn’t inherently suicidal. Yeah, I am suicidal, but this post isn’t saying that I’ll shoot myself in the head or choke for a couple minutes by hanging myself. If I banged myself, I would make sure that it snapped my neck instantly. I’m a (former state, wow, I’ve fallen pretty far) swimmer, so I know how scary the feeling of suffocating is. If I am going to kill myself, I’ll make it instant. Either jumping off a cliff, shooting my self, or having enough height while hanging myself to instantly snap my neck. That’s my (slightly or not, idk) drunk post. Respond if you want, I don’t care (I only say that to reinforce the “I’m a tough 17 year old” ego that I’ve adopted). Peace out, I probably won’t kill my self tonight, so maybe this post will be deleted. If you’re reading this, you should probably better invest your time with someone who has a rope around their neck, or a gun pointed to their head right now. May the world have peace, Patrick H. (I want to fucking scream but I can’t or I’ll be hospitalized :) ((ironic smiley face))