I know this is the wrong place to ask but I really need everyone's help.I found out that someone I knew for just over a year has been struggling with depression. Well, I did know that, but I was idiotic, ignorant, and stupid enough to not care about it.

I tried talking to her, at least trying to befriend her because she was very lonely, but I couldn't since she couldn't speak English well. The only language she speaks well was Korean, but I'm VERY terrible at it despite being a Korean myself.

For a long time, she was posting things on her status message on how the world would be a 'better' place without her. I know, she might be one of those attention-seeking fake-depressed people but I'm sure she's not seeking attention.

But that was almost like two weeks ago. She seems happier than she was before and I knew it was a red sign because suicidal people tend to be calmer and happier before they take their own life. 

Today, she wrote something about leaving this world behind, and I'm very worried that she might take her own life soon, and I don't want that because she is a good friend to everyone and she deserves to live. She is a kind and awesome person and has been friendly and kind to me ever since I met her.

The problem is, I can't communicate with her, and the school counsellor won't believe me because she really hates me, and she is already very busy taking care of a different student in the class, so she really wont bother helping the girl. There are no suicide-prevention hotlines where I live.

Although, this might be those things when students say they want to die but not in a serious way (as a joke for the upcoming exams?)

But still, please tell me how I can prevent her from taking her own life. I know google exists but I want advice from people from here. I just want to tell her that she is a beautiful, wonderful, kind, cheerful, and an awesome friend and the world wouldn't be the same place without her. If she takes her own life I am sure as hell that I would be feeling guilt over her loss and I don't want that.