I was born to suffer. HELP.I can't and I won't suffer anymore. There are more things wrong with me than ANYONE alive, I was put on earth to reap and feel pain every single day. Nothing in my life is great. NOTHING. 
My health:
 I have an underbite and overbite and can only use the edge of my last teeth to chew (Supposed to get surgery in 6 months) I have never bitten into a burger without leaving the lettuce and tomato untouched. I can't close my teeth. TMJ is my friend and never leaves. I can't chew without feeling immense pain on both sides of my JAWS and neck.
These braces with springs are ripping my gums every time I speak or chew. 3 years in.
I have a heart condition which oddly enough is the LEAST worrying and painful.
I have 4 bulging discs in my lower back, upper back. I Cant sleep from the pain.
I can't move my neck and it hurts to simply look left or right. 
 For over a year I have a burning sharp sensational pain on my upper right side of my back under my should blade which cannot be diagnosed no matter how many MRI's or cat scans I take. I can't lay down, take a deep breath, or cough without feeling immense pain.
I have loose skin from losing 120 pounds and have breast with my sides sagging and stomach hanging loose. pretty much B cups. I can't wear clothes, I can't do anything normal such as swim, or exercise without my tits bouncing up and town and ending up in pain
I have arthritis in my shoulders, knee, elbows, wrists and feel immense pain daily.
My right foot hurts whenever I walk because of an abnormal bone growth. Also one foot is 4 centimeters shorter than the other one.
I am in major depression mode.
my parents are SICK, stupid, and homeless and there is no one to take care of them but me and I myself can barely afford to eat.
NOT Only do I have myself to worry about I have to worry about parents too. Its too much for me. I don't know what to do anymore. I want to die but I don't wanna commit suicide. My only other option is to move to the woods and live my life alone and hope that I die at young age. 

Oh yeah, I'm only 30.
All I want is to be healthy. I hate this pain. I drink myself to sleep on the weekends and during the week I look forward to the weekends. 

HOW CAN I TURN MY LIFE AROUND?