At 22 I think I’ve actually yanked my life.When I was about 19/20, I started to turn my life back around from the fucked up mess I had made it. I was living with my girlfriend at the time. I got health insurance, I quit smoking cigarettes &amp; I registered for my first college classes &amp; everything seemed to be going good. The semester was about to start and for the first time in so long I felt motivation, I felt a drive to do good for myself. I was realizing that I’ve almost never had this drive before. Classes had been going on for a few weeks and I LOVED it. I was enjoying class and getting my assignments done when I would get home from school, which all throughout 6-12th grade wasn’t a thing. Then my gf at the time and I broke up. It destroyed me, a few weeks had gone by and I felt myself dragging myself to class and starting to lose momentum. One night I finally decided to call it quits. I had gotten prescribed syraquil a while back before starting classes for my depression, anxiety and insomnia. Which was helping with my sleep but my mood swings would go completely out of wack. It was struggle to keep a steady mood. I had gotten a handful of my syraquil, a couple Xanax from a friend &amp; a Kalatapin from a friends mom. Put them in my pocket and sort of had them there for the time. Before this day I had never done pills before in my life. They’ve never turned me on &amp; I was drug free until this day. I drove to my closest friends house to spend some time with him and try to vent my emotions out. What it did was spiral myself deeper into a hole I never thought I could dig down to. I took all the pills I could take at once and chased them down with about 4 bud lights. I sit outside of my friends house and pour myself my own thoughts of final goodbyes and regrets. I get into my car and have no final destination in mind and I just drive. I feel myself lose consciousness and all I remember is a guardrail that I see half way through my in and out consciousness.  I almost hit but correct myself. Moments later I wake up in a bed. My first reaction is utter fear. I don’t have recollection of where I was or how I get there. So I run. I rip out IVs and rip off monitors and head for the first door I see. I don’t make it far until an alarm springs from the monitored bed and a nurse stops me at the door. I was alone and had no one in my room. I thought this was it, I thought I actually made it and was awaiting my judgment. But at the same time I thought there was no one there to care if I died or made out alive. My mind was moving a thousand miles a second. My mom and best friend race in to see that I accruals woke up. They did not pump, they did nothing but monitor and keep myself under strict supervision. My heart slowed to extreme levels but that was it. I had come to realize. I’m unfazed and feel as if nothing had even happened. I woke up like any other day has went by. I’m upset but relieved. I’m happy but disappointed. Ive yet to get myself to get down that deep again. But at times I try just so I can build the courage to do it. Every night when I go to sleep I just wish with everything that I have. That it would’ve just worked. My family and friends would be without griefs. I’d be just a memory at this point. At this moment right now I’m just hoping for an accident to come my way because I’m too big of a pussy to try and end my own life. I wish I didn’t feel like such a constant disappointment, a let down, and a wasted life. I don’t feel as if I’m able to feel loved. I don’t think I’ve ever felt loved. I don’t know any other way of putting it. My grandma is the only person that I’ve ever think I’ve come close to feeling loved. I’m sure this doesn’t get read over as the average person tends to not have the time for all of this. I just feel like I’ve done what I could with my life and I’m ready to check out. At least when I pass I can provide for the life underground.