Feeling drained and destroyedI started dating someone about 5-6 months ago and things were amazing. While at school, immediately after the relationship kicked off I was overwhelmed and he took it well. We spend every night together until the day we moved out and he has always been there for me. 

Recently I’ve noticed, well we both have, that I’ve become self destructive because I’m scared. I’m starting a full time job and I’m anxious, my summer plans and basically everything else has gone to shit, including opportunities to see him, since we leave 2 hours away from each other. 

Yes I should be grateful that I’m starting my career but because of this self destructive behavior I end up starting little fights that turn into big ones and recently I was so upset and genuinely had concerns that it seemed like one of those stupid fights. Yeah kinda like the boy who cried wolf - well sorta. 

He’s been taking a few days to think and the worst part is before I bought up my concerns I never had the right chance to do it. It was just abrupt because I was holding it all in and whenever I did want to bring it up in person he was never sober- always smoking weed.

This wait for him to talk to me is destroying me because I am so in love with him and it’s my fault it’s come to this due to my approach. I haven’t eaten in two days and am already losing weight and having a history of eating disorders is triggering so much more. 

I just feel so worthless and at times he won’t understand why some things upset me, or I haven’t been able to express those feelings that it continues to make me feel worthless. I just question being here lately and have been having such a hard time doing simple tasks. 

I’m literally all alone at home and so low in energy. I feel like I’d be completely okay with letting my body whither away with no hope for anything. I haven’t cut in 3.5 years and I’ve been trying so hard to distract myself but each minute that passes by, feels like an hour. My seasonal depression hasn’t been as bad in years and with everything going on I feel a new low. 

Im not sure how to handle this self destructive behavior and the way I’m feeling