What's the point in living if you're an ugly, skinny short man?Like is there really any point?

**I'm 5"1, and 19-years old.** 

On top of that I have terrible social skills, zero confidence (for obvious reasons), barely any friends, never had a job, never had a girlfriend, virgin. I feel incompetent, because I literally look like a 9-year old.  I'm certain that I have undiagnosed ADHD, depression, and anxiety for obvious reasons. 

I also have eczema, asthma, atopic dermatitis (my scalp and eyebrows itch), Hyperhidrosis, thyroid issues, and a plethora of food and environmental allergies. 

I struggle with hygiene, because I have phimosis (a tight foreskin) and a tight frenulum so my foreskin can barely retract. I try my best to clean down there thoroughly, but it can smell quite unpleasant at times. My hair gets greasy so fucking quickly, and my feet start to smell quickly. 

I'm not exactly ugly, because I do take care of myself, but I would be viewed as ugly by society. I have features that compliment each other, my skin is for the most part clear, I have high cheekbones, a chiseled jawline, a haircut that looks good. However, my head is small, I have big eyes, a big nose with a hump, and big lips. I also look horrible when I smile with my teeth showing so avoid doing that. 

It seems like all of my problems stem from being ugly and short. Could be worse though, but it doesn't make my suffering any better.

Sure, there are things that I can do to improve my life, but my life will still fucking suck. I know what I need to do to improve my life, and there are so many things that I want to do, but it just seems pointless. I hate the course i'm doing at college, I'm pretty much forced to work at my family's store because I live with them, and they literally dictate my life. I across the country, so I don't even see my friends anymore. 

I just feel weak and like an alien. Seriously, when you're dealt a shitty hand, it doesn't get better.

I see people complain about being 'short' and they're 5"6, like that is not fucking short. Try being barely 5 foot. I can literally lose in a fight to an 8-year old. 

If you were born attractive in the eyes of society, then count yourself fucking lucky. Life just seems like endless suffering if you're not born attractive, talented, or born into a rich family. It's just a genetic lottery. You also have to grovel and work a shitty 9-5 for the rest of your life until you die. I drift into a fantasy world and I tend to dream about being this ideal version of myself with the appearance that I would've loved to have, and living the life that I will likely never be able to live.

Reality hits, and i'm back to myself again... If you're an ugly short man nobody gives a fuck about you. When people say "what you see on Instagram is a facade", yeah right, because the people I see on Instagram (who aren't even models) women and men, are attractive and are enjoying their lives. Partying, travelling and constantly updating their stories. Stop trying to make me feel better.

I don't even want to work a normal job (as I have ADHD, doing something that doesn't interest me is torture, and my life is already feels like torture), I have dreams of being a singer or even a social media star, but i'm not good-looking or talented enough for any of that. 

I hear people my age talking about partying, travelling, doing all sorts of stuff, but I do absolutely nothing. 

I understand that people care, but please stop telling us to not follow through on our suicidal ideations. We all have our own struggles, and it's not as simple as getting help especially when you literally have no one to turn to, and we're still in a pandemic. 

I'm not actually planning on killing myself, but I really would if it didn't mean hurting my family and the very small circle of friends that I have. I keep telling myself that it will get better if I follow-through on my plans, but if anyone here has ADHD and Depression, you know it fucking sucks. What a meaningless existence this is...

I probably missed some stuff, but my life fucking sucks, and I don't see it getting better. I'm just lying to myself to feel better at this point...