I’ve come to the conclusion I will have to kill myselfMy life sucks. To the max. And nothing EVER gets better, only worse and more difficult. I’ve been on a downslope the past 2 years I don’t know how much longer I can hold on. 

I’m a 23 year old female with drug addiction problems, with an extensive juvenile and adult arrest history. And due to that I am not allowed to drive period until 2025. A super long list of mental and physical health problems always getting worse. I have 0 friends literally haven’t had any in years due to my baggage. Found out I was pregnant by my cheating boyfriend and managed to get sober and had a baby who’s now 2 years old I got a degree while pregnant and semi got some shit in my life together, but my child’s father is a narcissist and very controlling so I became severely depressed living with him and relapsed. I got caught and kicked out of my home with him bc my name wasn’t on the lease, moved back in with my parents and have been so isolated and hopeless since. It’s just always getting worse. 
Since relapsing cps has been involved and I’ve only been getting supervised weekly visits. I’ve been doing everything asked of me by them. My child’s father has also recently filed for custody in court and has the best lawyer money can buy because his family is rich and will pay whatever. I’m broke working a minimum wage job in my field because I’m just starting out. I have no lawyer yet. My depression is just sinking so fast idk how much longer I can do this shit. I feel like realistically my child would be better off if I was dead I mean what if I ever relapsed again ? I don’t wanna put them through that shit when their old enough to know what’s going on the guilt I feel for being such a drug addicted pos is unbearable. I have no way to drive my child anywhere they need to go school doctors etc. I would rather lay in bed everyday than do anything else. I hate myself my life everything. I love my child but they deserve so much better than me. I don’t even support myself. My child’s father has a good paying job with benefits. He has his own place for them he drives. And I’ve recently found out he’s been “dating” an ex friend of mine. 

No one would want to be friends with someone with my past let alone date or marry or start a life with me. I seemingly have no future. 