It happened years ago and I never considered it might have been rape until recently, and honestly I still don't know. I'm so fucking stupid.But what I do know for sure is how much of a fucking idiot I am for letting all of this happen the way it did.

For years and years I've ripped myself apart, hated myself. I cut up my arms and legs, scars cover my body now and show plain to the world just how much I despise myself. Sure I was bullied in school, sure I had a rough family life, and sure I had a best friend turn on me, but all of that seemed like such....stupid petty shit for me to be so deeply depressed and suicidal over. I still feel like I have no right to feel so agonized and in pain over stuff that is so pathetic. I recently read a story from a rape victim who didn't realize she'd been raped until someone told her after hearing her tale of the encounter and my heart sank because it sounded EXACTLY like what happened to me years ago.

After a night of consensual sex I fell asleep at the guy's place, and woke up to him touching and fingering me rather aggressively while he thought I was still asleep I guess. I didn't know what to do so I just kept pretending to sleep till he finally stopped after about 10 minutes. I waited a bit then "woke up," checked my phone exclaimed about the time and tried to make an excuse to go home. He just smiled all coyly and asked if I had any "fun" dreams, I laughed and pretended I had no idea what he was talking about but he started getting "frisky" again kissing at my neck stroking my hips and ass clearly wanting to have sex again. I told him I really had to get home but he said to just relax and stay a bit longer. I said nothing more after that and he just...did his thing to me. I didn't struggle or fight him off. I didn't say no, and even acted like I enjoyed it even though I was so uncomfortable but I didn't know what else to do. I just laid there and let him shift me around and do what he wanted for around 30 minutes not saying a word. When he was done I went home. I didn't feel right but not once did I even think I had been raped.

I want to die. This was a guy I was dating. I didn't know why but I made up any excuse I could to be break up with him. And with the fucking awful person that I am I used some guy who had a crush on me as an excuse because "I like this guy now sorry" and ran away. The best friend who turned on me that I mentioned earlier was suddenly best friends with my ex and to her I became this disgusting slut who deserved to have her life "completely ruined." I found messages between them plotting all the ways they were going to "destroy" me and I was crushed. I think this friend was bitter at me, because she liked the guy first but he asked me out instead...

She proceeded to spread every rumor about me she could and every friend I had slowly turned their nose at me and I was alone.

I never understood why such stupid drama over a guy crushed my spirit to a fine powder. Why it led to me marking my skin beyond repair. Why I locked myself away for years too scared for no reason to go outside. Why I'm still to scared to go anywhere. Why I'm so deeply depressed and why I want nothing more than to open up my wrists or down as many pills as I can or hang or jump or ANYTHING to just end this pain that is still so fresh in my mind as if it just happened. I'm somehow both in terrible agony while still feeling entirely numb. I can't take this anymore. 