I don't have anyone to be honest to... (long post)When I think about my depression, I always question it. I am a contradiction. Am I really depressed? I have all of the common symptoms -- but my self-doubt is immense. What if I'm doing this for attention? What if I'm actually not depressed? What if I'm just lazy, stupid, needy, and seeking for attention? I can't talk to anyone about this, because that's selfish of me. And I'm not even sure if I am coherent anymore.

I don't have anyone to go to who can give me the compassion that I've longed for. Practical answers do not register for me -- at least not the ones my boyfriend gives me. And my family -- ha -- they treat me like an outcast as if they're bitter and angry that I am "depressed". They call me crazy and treat me as if I am a dysfunctional, malfunctioning (barely) human being. It's subtle, but it's still there. Just the slight tone of their voice, the way they address me -- I can feel it trickling in my skin -- how I am treated like a lesser human. But why do I feel so wronged when their reactions are completely understandable? Afterall, I AM the odd one out of the group. What do I know? I would probably treat someone else in my position the same way too.

I love and hate everything nowadays. It takes just a simple minute error to make me flip from content-ness to rage. And sometimes, I fear for those moments when I breakdown. It's the scariest feeling when I lose control and fill myself with self-hatred and thoughts of suicide. The hopelessness is overwhelming. Sometimes, I just want to burn my room... and everything that makes me who I am. Sometimes I want to hurt those who are closest to me for no real reason. These thoughts have always felt so real... until a day or two afterward in which I would  realize how crazy I've been. These are my darkest moments.

I just don't feel like I belong. I don't understand how the world even functions, why it's so great to be happy. I can't comprehend the joy of getting one's dream job and having a family. Is that what life is really about? Achieving your dreams and being happy? That's it???? And I don't even understand why, but color me unimpressed. What happens after you become happy? What difference does it make? What does it do for you? What's the use in being happy?

I just don't know anymore.

I'm like a ticking time bomb, waiting to snap at any moment. I've lost all of my hopes and motivation in life. I'd often put everything off for tomorrow, but "tomorrow" never comes. I can't help but to hate everything while being completely aware that I am just a pessimist who believes the world is more rotten than it really is. But I can't help the way I feel. It's a dirty cycle. I am completely aware of my irrationality.

But I can't stop it.

And so I'm writing this... for no specific recipient but just the genuine thought that maybe somewhere out there, my voice can be heard and acknowledged by at least someone. For I feel very lonely, lost, departed -- in despair and hopeless nothingness. I'm not even sure if I make sense anymore. I don't know where to turn to. I don't know what to do. I don't know why I feel this way. I just don't know. 

It's just so stagnant here and it pains me to see that there are so many others who feel just as depressed or worse. I would never wish for anyone to feel this way. Because I really feel like there's nothing left in life. I don't feel love and though my boyfriend is the only light in my life right now, I want to push him away. I want to make him a stranger so I can save the both of us. Because maybe it's best that I fall apart and face the world later when I'm ready. But that day is not today. In fact, I'm not even sure if later will ever come.

**P.S. Thank you so much if you've taken the time to read this. There's no where I can turn to, in my opinion, without others judging me negatively. Perhaps that's my paranoia speaking... but I wish you all the absolute best. &lt;3**