As my thoughts progress from a passively suicidal undercurrent to active, I'll post hereLike I said in the title, I've been passively suicidal (or "casually" as I've seen it described here, or a strong undercurrent). Noticed the past couple days those thoughts got stronger and moved to the front of my mind. 

I guess all this drama shit going on with my therapist, all the damage to the relationship, all the stipulations and bullshit where I cant even be honest with her...its really taken its toll. I saw her wednesday where I told her everything she said and did that hurt me (it's been building for over a year) and was met with excuses, but I have such a delayed emotional reaction nothing really registered until hours later. I'm considering discontinuing therapy with her and theres no way I'm ever going to a therapist again. This "mandatory reporter" bullshit and all that is not for me and I cant ever be fucking honest or I'll run the risk of having cops and law being involved and being shoved into a fucking hospital or some shit.

I know my situation isnt nearly as bad as what I've seen others post here, but I've had literally so much with people just fall apart this year. It feels like my whole life has been torn away. Everyone that taught me how to love and trust again is gone, or at least not as closely there. Theres more than just that and theres other issues associated with a lot of other shit (I made a post somewhere recently about it).

It just hurts so fucking bad. And every time I think anything I'll turn all my irritation or anger or whatever emotion I'm feeling onto myself. If I'm hating people more than usual I might as well end myself because I'm actually the nasty problem. Literally everything I'll take out on myself. Anyone that has reached the privilege of being loathed by me (two people in existence), I realised everything I want to do to them I already do to myself. Any strong emotion I'm feeling will be rejected by my body or something, typically in the form of the most painful, stabbing headache straight from the pits of hell I've ever had. It's like a cluster headache on the back/top of my head. Its decidedly not a tension headache, but something that only happens when I'm feeling some strong emotion, positive or negative. 

I really honestly dont want to be here anymore.