No hope for the futureGreetings SW

I'm 19, attempted once before and  have no hope left.

 I have a wonderful supportive network of friends and family, an amazing long-term boyfriend. But I'm miserable. I attempted suicide 3 months ago, and when I survived, I thought I would never want to go through with it again. I've been to a psych ward 3 times, and stayed in a transitional house for a month after my attempt. I've sought out help every time, be it from my therapist, from the hospital, or from my boyfriend. But now I feel like it's pointless. 


When I survived my attempt, I assumed it would all get better. I assumed I would get into recovery and everything would improve. But it didn't. For a while I felt better, like I was getting somewhere, but I always slip back into the dark part of my mind. Every time I went to the psych ward I would for a short period of time feel better. But eventually I'd slip back yet again.

I don't want to live anymore. I don't know what to tell my therapist out of fear of going back to the psych ward. I don't even mind it there, but I feel like it just never helps. I had a dream job, but I've been failing at that due to my depression, and I'm not getting shifts anymore...I feel hopeless. Every day I look into the mirror and hate what I see: a fat, scarred up broken mess. I want to just waste away. 

I feel like there is no more hope left in my heart. I'll never be able to handle a job because of this. I'll never be able to go to school because I won't be able to handle the stress. My boyfriend and I want to get married in the future, but I'm making us drift apart because of my constant low mood. I feel like I'll never be the perfect woman he deserves. I'll never be able to have children because I'm so fucked up and depressed all the time. I have nothing keeping me going anymore. I want so badly to be happy, but I can't do anything anymore. I can't concentrate enough to have any real hobbies anymore, and I'm triggered by even the slightest thing now. Movies, video games, books, everything I used to enjoy makes me turn into a weeping mess. I'm in debt and I have no money. I have no hope left, I feel like there is nothing left for me.

I don't want to hurt my family or my friends, I especially don't want to hurt my boyfriend. He's been there for all of this-my psychosis, my first suicide attempt, all of my hospitalizations. I don't want to hurt him, and I saw how much my attempt did. I can see that every day I'm dragging him down with me. He's scared an doesn't know what to do, but I don't know what to tell him at this point. I'm in pain constantly and I just can't live like this anymore. This isn't living. 
Whats the point in living if you have no hope for the future?


I'm just so tired. Of false promises of everything getting better. Of bottling up all my emotions, of dragging all my loved ones down with me. I'm so tired of getting lower and lower. I'm tired of not being strong enough to better myself. I can't do this anymore. 

I truly want to get better, but I don't believe that I ever can. 
