Already told half of this story at r/abusiverelationshipsFor the past six years the relationship with my sister was incredibly toxic. When I was nine I hit depression but didn't know it yet. My sister took pictures of me naked and threatened to send them to her friends. One year later when I was 10 I realized that I was depressed. Throughout this time she would intentionally fuck with me any way she could. She would wake me up any time I slept despite her knowing about my sleeping disorder, would constantly break and destroy anything that was valuable to me, and would intentionally anger me. She did this nearly everyday for about 4-5 years. She enjoyed seeing me in pain. She didn't stop at just anger though, this was the type of anger that would make your blood boil. She would do things all of the time like this and would talk bad about me or put me in awful social situations intentionally even though I had terrible anxiety that would make me freeze up so easily. She made fun of me for being depressed, and constantly treated me like shit for so many years. One time I even broke my hand because of the pain she was causing me. Just a few months ago, she forced me to upon up about all of these things despite me making it fucking clear that this was a terrible idea that would lead to destructive results but she kept pushing and manipulating like how she always does like the piece of human shit that she is. I guess it's my fault for feeling bad for her (mostly because I see the same type of pain in her). The problem is that now I've become toxic and possibly insane. About a year ago I stopped feeling emotion and even didn't feel anything at the funeral of my friend's father, my health is in terrible condition despite being 15, and I don't know fiction from reality anymore. This is basically what I believe which is that we have energy that is connected to our personality's and that she stole my personality. I know that it's weird but I don't know if I'm crazy or right. The only thought that comforts me is the idea of either returning to my previous self or dying. I don't what's real anymore and I'm an awful person. I no longer no right from wrong or good from bad. I used to be told that I was an incredibly mature child when I was very young and I was told that I was really smart and nice. Even being told by a few different that I'd be the new Einstein. Now I'm none of these things. I used to be s passionate about math, science, engineering, puzzles, critical thinking, mystery, and so much more. But now that's all gone. I feel nothing and can barely even think before I speak. I'm not good at anything that I was good at and now I'm a judgmental douche-bag. I keep think about how I may never be the same. If that's really the case though then there's only one solution and you all know what that is.