I hate myself for something i didn't doYesterday, my friends and I went to a party. All of them were really close friends of mine. One of them was a girl i had really strong feelings for. We were all having a good time, drinking, and dancing. My friend was getting too carried away with drinking. I told her to stop but she insisted she was fine. A while later, she was seen leaving the house with another close friend of mine. Everyone thought they "doing" something... so did I... It destroyed me. They were gone a while and I was starting to forget about it. Right then she comes back and tells me that she hurt my friends feelings. Before she could explain, someone dragged her away. I was too upset to even care, so i left it alone and kept doing my thing.

Cut to 2 hours later where she kept drinking, while I stopped a long time ago. People started leaving and she was layed down across the sidewalk, I sit next to her and try to talk to her, we are having fun, being with her is so much fun, it reminded me of how much i love her. She starts throwing up so i hold her hair back and everything. I take her to the bathroom, and shes throwing up in the toilet constantly. She then gets really emotional and starts telling me about how much she loves me... as a friend. It felt like another sword was just put through my heart. But being with her, she trusted me, it made me feel important to her.

 I took her upstairs to lay her down. I sat by her holding her hand, for two hours. Just talking to her and telling her how beautiful she was and how much i loved being her friend. She started getting sleepy and mumbling, I couldnt understand what she was saying so i tried getting closer. Right as i was doing that, one of my other friends' mom came upstairs and saw me getting close to her. To her it looked like i was getting on top of her. She kicked us out and called her son (who was in charge of the party). Im downstairs, still with her, talking. She fell asleep and so did I. My friends come and they separate us because they thought i was trying to take advantage of her. All of my friends hate me now.

I dont know what to do.

I tried messaging her but she doesnt believe me. Im crushed. She doesnt remember anything, and even she has her doubts. She sent me this.
"I'm sorry (my name) I want to believe you so much, cause I know you and I know we're friends But other things have happened in the past"
I just dont want to be hated.

3 months ago I made out with a girl, we were both drunk, and she had a boyfriend and it caused a lot of trouble. There were issues with consent, but we got it cleared up. I thought that the person was on the same page, apparently i was wrong. I was depressed for months, I thought of myself as a monster. And now with this happening, im pretty sure everyone else does too.

Ive never considered self harm, but now, pain looks like a good distraction.