Its getting to be too much, please snap me out of my circle of thinking.To preface I understand my issue isn't as severe as many others but it still eats away at me and the daily anxiety is bringing me to the point where I want to take my own life. I am 26 and will be 27 this year and have NO romantic experience what so ever with women. I have suffered from shyness in high school and college and never took chances with woman because of it. Upon graduating college at 23 I didn't really let my virginity bother me, I had a positive outlook that I would make my sexual debut after college. However, 3 yrs later I have made really no progress at all and it's breaking my spirit. After I graduated college, I moved back home due to my high student loans and lack of a job. I found a good job rather quickly and decided to hold off on dating to focus on building a financial foundation for myself. It brings me some confidence that I did this by 26, I was able to pay down my loans from 60000 to 15000 and was able to fully purchase a car and move into a 1 bedroom apt. I remember when I moved in for the first week I was excited to finally have the potential to finally experience love and the thrill of sex being a single bachelor in my new apt. 

But sometime after, I hit a mental wall where I realized just how weird it was to be inexperienced at my age. I looked online and realized that at my age this is truly a red flag that will scare a majority of women off. I also realized I had no idea how to flirt and date and that a great deal of women will likely have no patience for this. As I'm typing this now I can  say that being a virgin at 26 doesn't bother me personally too much, the issue is how most people will likely interpret this. I fear that in holding off on passing this milestone for so long I will scare away every possible romantic connection in my life and I will live my entire existence alone without ever experiencing love. This thought terrifies me and is preventing me from enjoying things I used to be passionate about. I used to be fine in my own company but now I am filled with suicidal thoughts and endless anxiety. At the end of my job everyday I brace myself for the eventual wave of anxiety and loneliness and for the last month and a half I have thoughts of putting a gun to my head daily to free myself of all my regret and sadness. I'm lost and I don't want this to happen but at the same time its getting to be too much and my outlook on life is getting bleaker and bleaker.