So I tried to kill myself yesterday. I was told to try again.Hi SW, I've considered posting here a few times before, but didn't want to seem like I was attention whoring. People cope in different ways, and I'm not trying to get my depression "out there" but sometimes it's just easy to know someone listened, regardless if they're an internet stranger or not. 

So yesterday I'm dealing with my parents, we get in to a fight/argument and my mother says "We don't want you in our life anymore" so I go on the roof and jump off, face first. I dunno, I guess I wasn't fully expecting to just die from jumping off a roof, maybe I should try higher (we'll get to that) but I was prepared for it lol. I land, my entire body is practically seizing up, my arm hurts, my leg, my head, my stomach, my back. I get up and manage to walk over to our back door but it's locked so I slam in to it. My mother has to come unlock it and she's crying and saying "I have to take you the ER" and she calls my dad who had left about 15 mins prior. 10 mins later he comes in, calls me an idiot, a fucking moron, and says to try again, jump from my second story window this time on to the concrete, he'll even help me out (swear to god this happened, so no /r/thathappened) all the while still cussing me out and my mother is laughing at the idea. He leaves again, an hour later, he comes back and says same stuff but he's staying for good this time.

They try to play it off that I just did it for attention. Also I tried to kill myself a few years ago, took 11 sleeping pills. Was ready then too, still am now. Not really looking for answers or anything, just rambling. Thanks Reddit.

E: Mighta probably should have used a different account to post this on, one with less "I know who you might be" but oh well. Also this edit is too add something. I was going back up to jump a second time, afterall, if you don't succeed the first time! after they were so....encouraging, and would have, but I hurt too bad. I still do right now. I don't do drugs, but I could use a pill right now lol. Idk. Maybe "Thanks dirt!" for not splitting my skull open, maybe not. Lot's of thoughts still running in my head.