My story of depression and anxiety - suicide attemptsI am not entirely sure where to post this except here. Here is my story I am 26 years old. I was with someone for 3 years and was planning to propose on our 3rd year anniversary, unfortunately he broke up me before our anniversary date. The aftermath was complete shit, I made every possibly mistake in the book, on what not to do to get an ex back. After 1 month of the BU I made my first suicidal attempt. 4 to 5 months later, which is 3-4 weeks ago (timeline is pretty much a blur for me) I made a second attempt on my life which led me to be hospitalized for several hours under suicide watch. Officially today, I started taking anti-depressants. I do not regret trying to take my own life because I created such a horrible car wreck between my ex and myself that I no longer want to live with that guilt. Regardless if my intentions were good or not. I still made some bad choices, but I don't think my suicide attempt was one of them. Few days till now, I was planning to do another suicide attempt. I have two plans in mind, but I haven't done anything to put it into action. I'm just only thinking about it. Each day becomes harder than the next. My ex's last words would forever resonate within me. I visited my ex home unannounced about 4 times. I would send him text that I am coming. Then show up in front of his doorstep. During those 4 times he would accept me into his home and we would talk. Most of the time, we ended up having sex. Which made things incredibly worse for me. After my second attempt in suicide. I tried going over to his house again, he said he will call the police. Over the past 3 weeks, I would hear him and his friends youtube/twitch stream talk about me. Not very positively. I can avoid watching or hearing whatever him and his friends are saying. The point is I left such a negative mark on someone I cared about the most. I feel guilty, ashamed, not worthy of much. His friends tell me, he just wants to move on, us go our separate ways, but one thing that will always carry me is his last words to me. I will never be able to forget that. That is what is still pushing me to think of suicide. That feeling of being seen as a bad guy. Being seen as a crazy ex gf. Hurts me incredibly. My ex isn't a bad person. However, speaking to his friends about my side of the story makes me feel like I am. I am no longer speaking to his friends. However, my ex's words and his friends words are still in my heart and in my mind. I still want to end my life. Ending my life means no more responsibilities, no more anxiety, no more overthinking, no more heartache, and I no longer have to carry this horrible memory of what I have done to push my ex so far. I just want the pain to end. I just want to forget. I want unhear what he said about me, I want to be left alone. I deserve happiness, yet it has not arrived to my doorstep. I just want everything to standstill for just a moment so I can scream and cry. Have no one judge me for crying and feeling the way I feel. I feel so utterly lost, hurt and misunderstood. My whole being right then and there died with me on my first attempt. I no longer remember who I was before. Please help, I am seeing a psychiatrist and therapist. I began taking my anti-meds today. I just feel so lost and hurt. I feel ashamed of my actions after the break up. If I didn't push my ex so hard and seemed so desperate, I probably would be talking to him today.   