I feel empty and blinded by my past (long post).Hello I'm a Junior in high school who has social problems, so I suffer from severe shyness,and social anxiety due to me being introverted. Even when I get picked on/ also in class and I still talk my body still feels so shaky, and I fucked up in Piano Class I was trying to play Rock Along. My hands were full of sweat yesterday and it was noticeable that my voice was shaking. Anytime, I raise my hand my heart beats so when the teacher isn't looking I put it down. I'm too shy to ask for help and embarrassed by this. Same for my Math class, my mom was right "If you have questions, then ask the teacher and don't come home clueless about the math HW." I suffer from a bad past. I got bullied in middle school and 5th and 6th grade for having dandruff. In middle school I told through counselor and she just gave the bully, what you may ask was the consequence? Only 2 lunch detentions and ironically that counselor was bullying me about "(My name) if you have bad grades, i'm going to call your parents." Then, I told her that it was not right embarrassing me in front of my friends. She started crying and saying "I'm sry." I gave her a 2nd chance and she refused to change my classes and said go talk to the principal :/. I literally even avoided to swear at her and that was attempting. I hope I never run into that bad counselor Ms. Dukes ever again. I'm so glad I left that school to high school, that bullying is not much a problem to me compared to in middle school. Also, my 8th grade English teacher humiliated me and saying that "You have an F in my class. Gotta fix that F." I mean, I understand that I have a bad grade, but doesn't mean you can freaking embarrass me in front of the class. Then, I told the principal and he said he "was sry." The next week, he said the N word and then said "(my name) Hope this doesn't offend you, don't call your parents." He laughed like a complete idiot and don't understand why he hasn't been divorced yet. Someone in 6th grade asked me about this word and then I answered it in the way that it means. Then, he proceeds to say "Eww, gross." He spreads the rumor about me in my class, and in this program W.I.N we have every morning, my friends won't sit by me anymore and I literally cried. The principal assigned lunch seats and I just sat there quietly and was a loner. This boy was bothering me in the lunch line, luckily I got him to back off since a teacher was there. He almost beat me up in the bathroom but I defended myself and fell, but I was okay. He ran away like a coward. After winter break, I started to be cool with them and told them not to believe that kind of stuff. I will never miss elementary school and middle school. I don't know how to find the scale factor of 2 shapes.  I can't fucking take it anymore, and when I was younger, I would always slap myself on the side of my cheeks for being an idiot. Sometimes, I still do. I just wanna get these thoughts out of my head.I'm selfish I care what others think of me.In 6th grade, someone choked me and couldn't almost breathe for a minute was painful. I spilled soap on my sister's face because I'm a fucking idiot who does bad stuff and the wrong thing.. Then, I couldn't breathe again for a bit. I feel like i talk about myself too much and just am stupid. Sometimes, I feel like I'm not there at a place and just zone out for some reason. Why bother to feel live if there's not much hope? I keep stressing myself out and procrastinating a lot. I always had a thought of torturing myself with a pillow.