I think I’m ready this time.I don’t know why I’m posting this, as I’ll probably leave something physical, anyway. Probably just to yell at a wall, and if I post it, probably to give some explanation to the people that are expecting things of me here. 

I don’t mean to abandon anyone or anything. Not that I think I’m that important or that it matters all that much. I just don’t want anyone else to think that this was their fault. Because it’s not. It’s mine. 

I’ve been extremely sad for a very long time. I’ve tried again and again to get help. I’ve tried to improve my home life, I’ve tried moving, I’ve tried furthering my education and getting new jobs. I tried leaving my church, I tried being independent. I tried therapy and venting and seeking out validation and none of it matters. It’s all so much effort and all I am is tired and miserable. 

I hate myself so much. I hate all of the things that I’ve let happen to myself. I hate how much it affects me. I don’t want to be myself. I’ve never wanted that. But I think this is the first time that I genuinely don’t even want to be alive, anymore. 

I tried to kill myself in middle school, but I fucked it up. And I realized that I wanted to really try. I told myself for years that all I needed to do was wait until I was older and independent and had control of my life. But I don’t have control of anything. I still hate myself, I still don’t want to wake up in the morning. I don’t want to die, I don’t think. I just don’t want to exist anymore. 

And before I was afraid but I think now I’m even more scared of continuing. There’s nothing here for me. I feel like a life insurance policy that’s about to expire. That’s my only value, and it’s about to run out. My mom is sick, she could use it. I don’t have anything I’m working toward anymore, anyway. Any excuse I had before seems so trivial now. I won’t care when I’m dead. I don’t even care now. 

Nothing is better. Nothing will ever be better. It’s nobody’s fault but mine. I don’t think I’m compatible with any of this. And that’s my fault, too. That’s where the weight falls off of my shoulders, I think. Just admitting that I did this to myself. That no one else can help me out of it, no one else can fix it. Just me, and I already know that I can’t.

Anyway. Just wanted to thank you guys, I guess. You really tried to help me, you’re all wonderful. And I’m grateful for all of the time that anyone ever put toward me. I’m sorry it went to waste. Better luck to you.