I wishI opened up about my issues with some friends (long distance friends). I feel like I ruined everything, I feel like I ruined our friendship. I feel like I can't ever contact them again, that I'm better off never speaking a word to them. Part of me hopes I will forget this ever happened, but it does hurt and the pain is unexplainable.

For context, something happened in our friend group, that caused me to distance myself from them for a while. Coming back, things weren't too different. And there is nothing left to look forward to. I lost my friends and it's all thanks to this shitty mentality. I fucking hate depression so much. I hate it. I hate it because it is so unnecessary, I hate it because it makes you do things you don't want to do, I hate it because it changes you, it sucks the life and the fun out of everything. Sleeping is the only thing that gives me comfort now, because for a short amount of time I get to rest, I get to stop feeling this way, I can't focus my mind on things that make me feel bad when I'm asleep. I just wish it would all stop. I wish this feeling would come to an end, that I will no longer feel like I'm troubling people. I just wish depression didn't take so long to "cure", to overcome. I wish people didn't make life so complicated. I wish parents were better. I wish I could stop saying sorry for nothing, because I know I don't mean it. Fuck this. I wish my life would come to an end. I wish I could sleep, never worry about a thing anymore. I wish I could simply disappear and erase myself from everyone else's memory. So that nobody would sob and suffer from me. Because yes, people will indeed miss you. Even the people you thought couldn't give lesser of a shit about you, they will miss you. People will feel guilty. I wish none of that happened. I just wish whoever is reading and can relate could peacefully rest. Forever. Doing whatever they want, somewhere else, somewhere far away from here. From all this bullshit. I wish suicide wasn't a chain of pain, I wish I could be forgotten. I wish I didn't feel like my own enemy every day. I wish I could seek comfort in myself, but I can't. I wish I wasn't embarrassed of being sick. I wish this shit would end already.