I am tired. I am tired of trying.TLDR; I hate myself. Trauma. Depression. Bipolar. Anxiety. I want to kill myself but I can't bring myself to do it.

I'll start off by saying that I most likely delete this post sometime after posting it. I guess I just need to get some stuff out.

I am 25 years old. I'm working full time in a career that I worked very hard for. A job which brings me much financial security, and, in some ways, brings me some semblance of fulfillment. I have an amazing boyfriend who loves me and wants to marry me. I have a few good friends. I have access to mental health care and support.

But I still want to die. 

As a kid I grew up in a family of alcoholics and drug users. My dad died when I was 9 years old and I grew up with many of my most fond memories of him being drunk and trying to break into the house (he broke into the house twice, actually). My uncle then died of drug and alcohol use. On top of that my mom was also an alcoholic and I suffered through years of psychological, mental, and verbal abuse. I frequently have recall memories of my mom yelling at me about how fucked up I was. Or how I was fat and ugly. Or how I was a bitch. Or how I was a slut. I was gaslit. I was made to believe for a long time that my life with my mom was perfect and I was the one making things difficult by being a "drama queen." 

My mom rarely let me leave the house aside from school or going to the grocery store. Her, being a "protective parent," did not allow people to pick me up, friends or parents, so I spent much of my time alone on the weekends and during summer. For a long time my mom was one of the few people I hung out with, and, really, she was my best and only friend for years- she was my entire life. I had no one else. It was use against the world.

During my teenage years I began to show signs of anxiety, depression, and bipolar (looking back on it, I can see where I showed signs of bipolar disorder but I was never diagnosed). I began self harming and thought of killing myself. I would take copious amounts of sleeping pills to sleep and be in a fog during my school days. A few times I took more than 10 pills in an attempt to kill myself; obviously, it did not work. High school was some of the worst years of my life.

I did not think I would make it to the age of 25 years old.

Now, I'm 25. I hate my job- the job I was supposed to love so much. My job brings so much stress and anxiety I no longer see why I went into the field. My administration make me want to scream. They make my life worse. My job makes my life worse. I wake up every morning dreading that I have to work. My boyfriend is great but I know he deserves so much better. Who wants to be with someone as fucked as me? Who has baggage like I do? My past affects me so deeply and affects my behavior, which affects him. I have few friends. I feel like I am living for my boyfriend, but like I said, he deserves so much more. I want to be everything for him, but I do not know if I ever will be.

I feel guilty, because I do have a "good" life but... I still want to die.

I want to die. I want to stop hearing my mom's voice in my head. I want to stop being a burden to everyone. I want to cease to exist, and I want everyone who "loves" me to move on and find other, better people to fill my space in their lives- someone more deserving of that space. I'm struggling with the fact that I made it to my 25th year-- it feels so weird to have made it when I thought I would be dead by 21. It's jarring to say the least. I don't know how I am supposed to make it any further. The future seems so dark and bleak. Honestly, I don't even see a future for myself. I don't deserve to live. I am a burden on this earth.

I just need the courage to do it.

I apologize to anyone if this post seems rambling. I just needed to get this out.