For me, suicide is a way of life.I am 24 years old and I am killing myself slowly.  I have been for years, I suppose.

A bit of backstory first.  My childhood was relatively normal, and I was a happy kid.  I've never had any sort of experience which I would consciously consider to be traumatic.  My father loved and cared for both myself and my younger brother very much.  My parents divorced when I was three years old and I didn't meet my mother again until the age of 15.  Growing up I suppose I retained a subconscious fear that she would die or completely disappear before I could ever see her again.  I needed her, but at the same time I assumed that she must not have cared enough about any of us to be a part of our lives.  For the longest time I convinced myself that I honestly did not care either way, and I do not believe that this situation has contributed in any way to my current dilemma.  

I did well in school, got into a decent college with full scholarships and set about making a life for myself.  I come from a very poor family, and I have not enjoyed a single moment's respite in my entire life without somehow working for it.  

A few short years ago I was a typical idealistic kid aspiring to become a high school English teacher and live out a noble existence earning abysmal wages and teaching kids about the beauty of writing and the simple pleasures of a good book.  As I write this I am surprised I can even muster enough concern to even finish this sentence.  Somewhere along the line I just stopped giving a fuck.  Fuck the kids, fuck noble endeavors, fuck making a genuine effort for anything, and, most of all, fuck the future.  I have forgotten how to care.

I don't like to think of it this way, but I believe I may be an alcoholic.  I have no problem functioning during a normal day, but I cannot sleep without at least 48 ounces of beer in my system.  I do not make friends, I do not go out into the city and enjoy my weekends.  I spend what little free time I have holed up in my apartment drinking myself into a more comprehensive state of indifference.  I am disgusted with both myself and everyone around me.

There are several different ways things could possibly end for me.  It might take a week, or I might trudge through another 24 years of this and end it very fucking swiftly.  I am drifting through a very thick, very dangerous haze.  I don't know what to do to make it stop or whether or not I even care to try.  Sometimes I'm very comfortable here.

I could drive my car off of a bridge.  I could leap from a building.  I could eliminate myself in any number of judicious and cost-effective ways, but instead I think I'll just shoot myself.  I'm going to keep drinking this alcohol and smoking these cigarettes until some part of my body inevitably starts to fall apart.  I will be diagnosed with some typical affliction related to the self-destructive patterns I've embraced.  I will have a very peaceful drive home.  I might read a bit of a book or take a shower or have a conversation with one of my few true friends, and then I will feast upon a fucking bullet.

In the meantime, my only fear is that before I have the luxury of choosing my fate I may become a threat to others.  I don't just entertain grand fantasies of my own demise;  I see myself possibly walking into a crowded room and taking a few of you with me.  Sometimes, as a normal person might look forward to a trip to France or a holiday weekend, I imagine how satisfying it would be to hold a gun to someone's face and finally feel like I have a voice.  

I realize this may be too manic even for /suicidewatch, but I'm only trying to be honest.  I am every bit as sickened and disturbed by the thought of it as any of you will undoubtedly be.  I don't believe anyone can truly abandon their humanity, and the simple fact that I have these thoughts often makes me fly into a rage against myself.  At the same time, however, there is this presence within me that wants nothing more than to just fucking do it.  

At the core of all of this is a simple desire to destroy, and it is starting to manifest itself in my everyday life.  I have recently gained the unexpected attention of a girl who is five years my junior.  She is ready to compromise everything in her life to be with me, and I am consciously using this knowledge to my advantage.  To me, her affection is little more than a sign of inherent weakness.  I tell her I love her and she is too young and naive to have the slightest suspicion that I might be lying.  Whether it takes six months or the next few years, I am going to find a way to destroy her life.  I want her to know what it's like to work for something and have it all swept away.  I want her to know what it's like to be manipulated and deceived.  I want her to fucking hurt.

Three years ago this was not me.  I don't know what has happened to me.  I don't know what to do.  I don't know how to feel or what to think about any of this.  I scare and confuse myself.  I know that even now, somewhere inside, I don't honestly wish to harm others or myself.  The problem is that there is now a part of me that does, and I'm worried that I'm beginning to listen to it.

There you have it, more or less.