I'm tired, I just wish I could go to sleep and never wake up...Everything is breaking. Everything i love is either dead or dying. I don't know what to do anymore. 

No one knows me. I don't even know who i am anymore. I've lied.. I've lied so much to make sure people liked me or thought i was cool.  Now i guess i'm facing the repercussions of doing that. I have no real friends, and the best friends i have live states away. I realize without my phone, without my computer, i'd be almost completely alone at this point. 

It won't be long before time catches up with my family and we're put on the streets. It won't be long before my  coordinator calls and i get killed by my mom. Nothing is getting better and hasn't for months now, years even. I am desperately trying to hold on, i'm a fucking coward who can't finally take that step into freedom I've been trying to get to for two months. No one can help me 

I'm trapped in my own head. It's so easy to talk to myself about anything. My sadness, my problems, my writing, and 90% of my thinking were in scenarios. Like I do this thing where i imagine myself having an interview with someone  after I've written my books and am happy with life. I would imagine talking about the struggles i had when i was "Younger" and getting through them. Recently I've realized how dumb i was for doing this. I kept dreaming about a future when everything was fixed, but never thought about the present. I was so trapped in this heavenly future that when i looked at the present i realized i was in hell., i couldn't handle it. 

Everything about me is fake. I don't exist. If i died today the only people who would find out would be my family, most of my friends wouldn't even know what happened, they probably would just assume i stopped talking to them and not know for weeks if ever. My online friends would think the same thing. This shit keeps me up at night. 

Last week i felt so hopeful and full of life. For the first time in a month i felt like i could get through everything.  I was getting excited for college, i was able to break from burning, i was thinking about my writing a lot. Figuring out about my foreclosure was what kill everything, then everything got worse from there.

I made sure to have good birthdays for my mom and sister this month. These might be the last ones i have with them. I'm trying so hard every day. Sometimes i want to die, other times i want to live. Whenever i feel like dying, i somehow find hope or get scared as hell and don't go through with it. I have the method i want. I have everything i need. Nothing is really stopping me but myself. But I don't know how much longer i can keep this up