My story. This is a long post.This is my story. 

I don't know how you will respond to this. I hope it will be a positive response. 

But about five years ago, my mom and dad got a divorce. My mother decided the perfect time to tell me was on my 30th birthday. Little did I know that would also be the day that my depression started. I felt just so incredibly broken. 

My family means a lot to me. I also had a strong faith at the time. I'm not so sure anymore if I do or not. 

I remember I prayed for my family every single night and day. But, it didn't stop them from breaking apart. 

My father use to be a deacon at the church we all went to. So, we were a respected family in the church. 

Then he left. And we stopped going. 

My mother since she told me about the divorce has been going back to church. But, I think she is doing it for the wrong reasons. She over heard some other lady talk about my father and his girlfriend going to the church that she goes to. So, mother decided that it was time for her to go back. And she kinda went in a little too deeply. Before she goes to church she watches the preacher Steve Gaines on TV. 

And here is the really funny thing. She will give me a call and go on and on about how both preachers had a great service and message. I will ask her what they were about, and she can't even tell me what they are about. 

I did go to church with her the first day she went back. But just to watch her and see what she was going to do. And, I certainly got a show. I knew exactly why she wanted to go back. It wasn't because she had an interest in going. She just wanted to find people to talk to about the divorce. And she did. She made sure to draw enough attention to herself to cause people to come and talk to her. It embarassed me. 

I mean, sure, I was upset that my family was torn apart. I still am. 

But even before all of this, there was trouble in the family. 

I've had a strained relationship with my mother ever since I was ten. I was never good enough for her. 

She would look at the TV and see the models on them and then look at me and she would growl at me. She would ask me why I couldn't look like that. Or why could I be smart. I couldn't.  And I can't be. Because I have a neurological disability. I'll never be the genius level smart that she wanted me to be. And I'll never be pretty. 

She calls me fat, ugly, and useless. 

She has gone so far as to say to total strangers that I was a mistake. 

And there are a lot of times that I feel like I am one. And this has been going on since I was ten. I'm 35 now. And I have hated every single day of my life since then. I want to die. 

I'm not married and I don't have a boyfriend. 

I can't even hold a boyfriend for long enough. They meet my mother and shortly after they break up with me. They say that don't want to be in a family with a person like her. 

She wants me to move back home with her, since I'm in danger of loosing my job. I have been trying to find another job, but I am just not getting anything. 

I'm being mentally and emotionally abused by my own family. 

And in turn it has caused me to abuse myself, if that is even possible. 

I do not have a great self image of myself. How can I love myself when I haven't had anyone show me what love is. 

I have zero self confidence or esteem. 

I just exist. And I wish I didn't. 