Paranoid, verbally abused, heart racing, racing thoughts.I have been diagnosed with Schizoaffective disorder. That basically means that I sometimes have problems controlling my mood or my way of thinking isn't aligned with reality sometimes.

So, I was invited to dinner with my family for Passover and everything was all fine and dandy. Then, everyone left and we said our goodbyes. I helped my mom with the table and some other cleaning around the kitchen. I asked if she needed anymore help and she said no. In response, I asked if I could use the upstairs massage chair and she said ok.

So I went upstairs (unbothered for about 20 minutes) to use the chair. Keep in mind that I wasn't bothering anyone and was minding my own business. No harm, no foul. The chair has a timer on it so that I know how much time remains. At around 3-5 minutes left, my mom's husband (stepfather whatever you want to call it) comes upstairs to switch it off and he starts to belittle me with his words how this is his house and that I need his permission to use it.

So I left and walked downstairs away from him, but he just wouldn't shut up (like a broken record). I went to the kitchen and followed soon after. I asked mom if she needed some help and NOW she said that her husband helped her out AFTER she specifically told me that she didn't need anymore help. Then I continued to distance myself from him and still no talking. He's like, "You can be seen, but not heard." I understand if a grown up tells that to a child, but I'm 25 here. Don't I have a right to defend myself if I am being verbally or physically abused (even if it means expressing my point of view with a shaky voice)?

I told him ENOUGH, but he still continues to talk. I'm not a little kid; I got the point 15 minutes ago and he still gabbers on and on and on. Then I go upstairs to the second floor of the house to get my belongings and leave. But he prevents me by blocking the doorway and still rambles on. I'm telling you, he REALLY knows how to piss someone off. Then, after I grab my things and head toward the door, he has the audacity to extend his hand to say bye. All I do is walk past him, put on my slippers, and leave on my bicycle.

In the middle of all the arguments and the created tension, my mom continued to defend him. Like WTF! I didn't do anything to anybody and if he didn't want me to use it, he should have said so from the get-go. So I'm seriously going to consider an ultimatum: either mom divorces him or I will follow through with my suicide. I just can't continue to live in fear like this. I thought he would change, but I was just being delusional.

Last time I checked, it was also my mom's house and she has lived there longer than he has. He moved in with her back in 2011, but she has lived there for over 20 years (stretching way back into the 90s).

I'm telling you right now: if I don't commit suicide, my paranoid thoughts will lead me to believe that he will come to my apartment and threaten to kill me. I am only 1.5 miles away from where they live because my mom helped me with an apartment close to her. I guess for protection. He can, at any time, take the card to the community, open the door to the building, and unlock my front door. 

The problem with him is that he likes to pursue things till the very end. It's always one-sided in his case. I don't say anything, but he just talks and talks to no end. The things he does to empower himself is really sick (and I'm the one with the disorder). Never-ending verbal abuse and condescending tone with him.

I am seriously considering filing a restraining order against him. I have never filed a restraining order against anyone, but he might be the first. The problem is, it takes time to make it official and the decision is tentative because they have to hear out not only my side of the story, but his as well. I’m worried that the court might take his side over mine and revoke my attempt to issue the restraining order. I don't want to wait to be physically injured to use that as evidence to justify my support for the restraining order.

He might be married to my mom and live in the same household as her, but that doesn’t give him the right to treat me the way he does. And who knows how he treats my mom behind closed doors. I’m know I’m repeating myself, but it has to be said. I know I was a guest in my mom’s home, but I’m no stranger and I wasn’t disturbing anybody. If anything, it was like my presence wasn’t even in the house until you actually came into the room. That’s how quiet I was.

Typing some of this out in writing in my quiet apartment has helped calm my mood a little bit, but I am still feeling highly anxious about the situation. I don’t provoke anyone and I mind my own business. Don’t start nothing and there won’t be nothing. I live by that motto.

P.S: I flipped him the bird yesterday while I was trying on new clothes after he told me to “suck it in.” It’s not just HOW he said it, but the WAY he said it (with a smug look on his face and arrogant tone). He was obviously referring to my stomach. I have 16% body fat and I have a flat stomach with a little bit of fat around the sides, but not much abs. Regardless, he just HAS to talk shit just to feel better about himself. The things he does to boost his “self-esteem.”