Dear reddit, I request a single reason that isn't related to other peoples feelings as to why I shouldn't end my own life. I request this as a 26 year old man who sees reason and has quite simply ran out of excusesDear reddit,

Before you read on, let me make this very clear - this post is legitimately phrased and thought out so as not to cause any knee-jerk classic attention response posts, I'm not looking for attention, I don't need you to relate, and I don't need you to tell me it's ok. I'm a grown man, and in total truth, the only reason I am posting my predicament rather than going for a long walk is I'm quite drunk and I find it sort of... sickly amusing (I guess) to chance my fate to the whim of such an inconsistent and irrelevant medium such as reddit.

I am a 26 year old software developer living in England. I have a long term girlfriend, a bloody good job, and if I'm honest total financial stability, yet after 5 years of feeling this way I am still completely and utterly fucking miserable.

In the past I got heavily involved in drugs and my own suicide was averted by my flatmate who happened to stumble across me at 4am bleeding out in the shower because he wanted to play mario kart, because drugs.

The only solace I have ever found in the relentless truth of my own crippling unhappiness has been in ketamine, which I can no longer get hold of, because government.

To go to the root of my eventual thinking, reason dictates suicide is selfish due to the effect it has on other people, and this is a reason that (in my right mind) has prevented me (and assumely many, many others) from doing something drastic, for a long time. My own issues with social anxiety have put the opinions of others (and thus this chain of thought) way above my own, and this has significantly altered the way I think and the way I handle my own immense frustration with how irreversibly pointless and insufferable every aspect of my stupid existence really is.

The thing is, after years of going 'if I feel like I have nothing to lose, let's genuinely play a game and act like there's nothing to lose' - somewhere I along the line I got good at playing this fictitious game, and life got a hell of a lot easier, women got a hell of a lot easier, and all the immature aspects of my depression faded away - I became totally in control. Now, here's the thing.

Now I no longer feel inferior to the people around me, I actually feel superior as I not only understand the social dogma we are ALL partaking in (with our own shallow bullshit reasoning behind every stupid thing that comes out of our mouths), I also despise and have come to hate everyone else for not seeing things how I see them. It no longer feels drastic because I no longer care about the feelings of others because they are all just biological pawns in a game they don't even fucking understand, a game none of us fucking understand, a sort of weird middle ground between purpose and acceptance... it has gone from being an attention seeking taboo to a legitimate, almost trivial and obvious solution to the insufferable reality of not living the life you want (which is what, exactly? I still have no idea), having the girl you want, or having any aspirations at all.

I would be interested in hearing from anyone who even remotely relates to my circumstance because I legitimately have hit the rather underwhelming reality of being completely uninterested in my own future, irrespective of the consequence this may or may not have on other people in my life.

Because reddit, and also because fuck you, this is me as I'm posting this message, It's not pretty and I just took it right this second. I left all the image information on so you can pretty much pinpoint me should you care to do so. In fact, I guess I hope someone figures out who I am and comes and blows my fucking mind, show me some aspect of existence that's even remotely interesting, I fucking dare you (I wish I could somehow relay the desperation in my voice).

http://www.miragerealms.com/stuff/cya.png

All I do these days is drink, it's fucking my career up and it's fucking my friendships and my relationship up. The girl I'm with had huge social anxiety issues. She no longer does, I worked my ass off to help her get off of that horse, yet ironically I don't even feel anything in my relationship anymore, I am like emotion neutral, this isn't fair on her and it makes me feel... well, nothing. I feel like I should feel like I'm a cunt but I just don't.

Does anyone have a legitimate reason why they bother? What the fuck are you all thinking each and every day?

Liam