I can't take it anymore. I need help.This is my first Reddit post, so please be patient with me. I'm terribly sorry if I wasted your time reading this. 

I'm a 17 year old guy living in a strict religious household. I don't believe in my parents' religion, but I am scared of having to choose whether and how to move out of the house. If I stay silent and stay with my parents, I will end up living a delusion (in my view) that I don't consider worth living. I want to move out. However, I don't know if I should come out as irreligious. If I do, I may hurt my parents' feelings. If I don't, they'll think of me as acting foolishly, and will use almost any means to bring me back to their religion. I have a younger sister that I love more than myself, and I'm scared that a stupid choice will affect her as well. I have been alone ever since Freshman year, and the loneliness only increases in pain as the months go by. None of my classmates have time for me, because they have their own interesting lives to live. I should have put this earlier, but my parents are divorced; it is my mom and step-dad that I am talking about. My dad is the only one that tries to support me, but not only do I barely see him, but he is trying to keep things good with my mom, and me moving out may cause more drama. I don't want to burden my younger sister with my emotional baggage; frankly, I consider myself an emotional parasite not worth anyone's time. 

I tried posting on another subreddit about advice, but I got too scared that I would be rejected as not relating to that subreddit's topic. I hope I can find solace here. 

Every single day, I want to die. I just want to rot away in my room, dying like the lonely piece of shit I am. I'm a failure of a man, since I posses no manly traits other than having a penis. I'm a failure of a brother, since I feel like my younger sister doesn't need her big bro anymore. I'm addicted to pornography, because I'm hopelessly trying to fill the gap in my relational life. Nobody needs me. I'm a pushover that allows other people to take advantage of me. I have a procrastination problem that's lasted for years, affecting my grades and my life decision-making. I don't want to keep going anymore. I'm so tired. I don't want to live anymore. I want someone to murder me in a painless way, or to get into a fatal car accident. My ideal day is one where I can peacefully go to sleep and never wake up again. I hate myself more than anyone else, and I constantly fantasize about stepping off the Golden.

But I'm too much of a damn coward. Hence the name. 

I engage in constant suicidal ideation, but I can never bring myself to go through the act, because I'm a wimp who is terrified of dying and pain. I know that there are people who have actually attempted suicide, and the fact that they can still handle their problems makes me feel like worthless, disposable garbage since "if they can do it, I should be able to" I tell myself. 

If I were hospitalized, however, I would make no effort to fight for my life. There's nothing to fight for. The only lives that await me are a religious one (I am not religious) or a lonely one, both being worse outcomes than death. 

I know I will end up dying a lonely loser, a waste of life. It's so cold. So, so cold. 

I just want friends. I just want people to support me. My house feels like solitary confinement. Every single day, I come back to the same empty room. 

My life is so empty. It hurts to lift myself out of bed. I don't even deserve a bed. I don't deserve to waste other people's oxygen. 

There are brave people who have survived suicide and can go on with their lives. I hate myself for not being that strong. I want to be, but I just end up falling back again. 

I know I'm an idiot thinking that I will receive any help from random strangers. However, if you care, please help me. 

If you feel the need to ask me a question about my circumstance, please go ahead.