My life has been shit from the very first time I can remember something.I'm a 20 y/o male, my life has been depressing the whole 20 years I have lived not once can I remember a time I didn't feel depressed and wanting to kill myself. 

To start off with the beginning of my life, my brother was born with SMA(Spinal Muscular Astrophy) when I was 5 which really sucked for everyone. 

My parents started fighting over financial issues (I think, I'm not actually sure) when I was around 5-6 and when they had arguments it escalated really bad to the point things would get broken, people would get hurt, blood would get spilt and a lot of insults said.

When I was around 7-8 I used a pillow case to tie around my neck and tie it around the closet bar but my mum stopped me, I can't even remember why I did that now I just know I did. 

When I was around 12 y/o I had become numb to my parents fighting and stopped caring what they did to each other. One day I had opened my bedroom door after my parents had been fighting and there was blood in the hallway, blood in the kitchen and a fair bit of blood on the patio. I feel like something just clicked in my head that day and changed me but I don't really know how to explain it.

Through out my primary school years I never had any friends (I forgot to mention but I pulled out my hair as a kid which made me have big patches of bald spots all over my head) I stayed to myself and never spoke a word to anyone. When I was in highschool I branched out a little bit and made 1 friend which ended up turning into having a decent friend group. The 1 friend that I had made at first moved away and eventually everyone else moved or just stopped talking to me all together. 

I have never had a girlfriend, the closest I have had a girl just as a friend was this neighbor I had that was 1 year younger then me, she eventually stopped being around me because I am so depressed and give off this bad vibe.  I haven't had many friends and only ever had a couple of actual friends. 

I moved out of my mum's house at 16 because I couldn't stand being around her. I was living with 3 others having parties every now and then. Life was actual getting better at this point but only for a very short amount of time. 

When I was 17 I started buying weed and selling it nothing big just to be able to not pay for it myself. But after doing this for 3months the police thought we were some big time dealers. So one morning I woke up with my bedroom door being opened up by a police officer telling me that they have a search warrant for my cousin and that they had suspicions we were selling mdma and weed.

My court case is still open and the police still need to provide their evidence even after all this time (I turned 18 just before they raided my shared house I was living in). If I want a good lawyer that will actually help I have to cough up 50,000 otherwise I'm stuck with legal aid.

Now that I'm 20 y/o the government is claiming they overpaid me in 2016/2017 when I was on welfare getting 95 a week. Now they want me to pay them 1600.

My life right now is potential prison time, shitty family relationships, I wish I could so much more activties with my brother, negative 1600 in my bank account and that negative will keep getting smaller because I can't pay back what they claim they overpaid me. 

After years of wanting something to randomly kill me and put me out of my misery I finally have come up with a plan to kill myself. It's nothing special just going to go out to this random spot in the bush which has an open shed area and hang myself. I had many ideas before that but I decided this one is probably the best way for me.

I have many more depressing experiences that it would seem like it never ends but I have to stop typing eventually. I really didn't want to die before my brother because I feel it's almost unfair that he has to live his life without much choice or options but I'm just done, after my phone dies I won't be able to charge it and I'm out in the middle of know where sitting under this shed with hardly any fuel so I don't think I can get back anyways.