My life is falling apart. I'm hopeless. was dating a girl for 2 and a half years. I invested my heart and soul into this girl. I did everything for her. I gave her the skin off my back. She felt (feels?) the same. We share a connection unlike any other I've ever felt with anyone. I truly believe she is my other half. She is my soul mate.

Well, about 2 months ago, she broke up with me. She has a lot of mental problems and she moved back in with her parents because she felt like she formed an unhealthy dependency on me (she can't drive, etc) and wanted to find herself and be more independent. We still love each other at this point.

A month and a half into this break up, we start spending more time together. And about a week ago, she says that we're back together. Obviously, I'm estatic. I love this girl with all of my heart and soul. I would die for her.

She's schizophrenic and is in therapy and is really trying to figure her shit out, and I'm proud of her for it.

Tonight, she called me over, and broke up with me. Again. Said that she was too happy with me and rushed into something before she sorted out all her mental problems. We talked for like, 2 hours at her house. We both still love each other, and we never argued or had any issues during the time we were together, and that's what makes this so hard. Our relationship was so unique and special. Never fought, never argued, never had any trust isseues because of social media or cell phones. I've never been with anyone like her.

So tonight, she told me that there was a guy that she met like 2 days ago and she was terrified because she was attracted to him. That's why she broke up with me. Because it's not fair to me.

And then, after talking to her about it for 2 hours, we agree on taking a vacation together because we both need to get out of this god forsaken state and away from our toxic families.

I'm just so confused. I'm suicidal. I'm devastated. I'm desperate. I love this girl so much. I share something with her that no one else could ever even come close to. I resigned myself from love, because anyone I'm with in the future won't come close. I'll never get over her. I'll only be thinking of her.

But she's sending me mixed signals. I feel like she's toying with me, even though I know she isn't, because she's always been open and honest with me. She's just confused and doesn't know what she wants.

But fuck, I'm hurting. It's so hard to even function without her. I was overcome with so much anxiety and depression from the initial break up in June that I had to quit my fucking job because I would go in and have a goddamn panic attack every day.

And now, I'm stressing out because I can't find a new job. Shit sucks. And since she broke up with me again, TONIGHT, I don't know what to feel. I want to self harm, but I'm not going to. It's just so hard. I can't imagine a life without her and my emotions are just all over the place. I go from hating her to loving her to hating her again. I don't know what to do or feel. I'm so confused and I just... fuck..

I can't even put it into words. I'm just in such a shitty place.

The love of my life left me not once, but twice, I quit my job because I'm a big fucking baby and can't handle reality, my car payment is stacking up and my parents are bugging me about it because the bank is getting pissed about my loan. I'm in rock fucking bottom. I have no professional skills whatsoever to my name. All I've ever worked is retail and food service, and its fuckign awful. I only have a High School education, so I can't apply anywhere that actually pays worth a shit.

I'm 22 and I'm unemployed, stuck with bills I can't pay, living in my mothers basement, depressed and suicidal because my other half decided she doesn't want me anymore, but at the same time, she does. I'm so fuckign confused and stressed out, I swear to god the stress will kill me first.

Thanks for reading.