Feeling LostThis will probably end up as a rant. I think i just need to get my thoughts out mostly but maybe someone will respond with something that will provide me with insight. This is my story. Maybe putting it down will help me understand why i am who i am.

I have had depression and anxiety as long as i can remember. Before i ever knew what either one was. I remember my first panic attack i was still young enough to be in elementary school. People made me uncomfortable. Everything did and still does really. Since sometime in middle school i think is when the depression really began to take form. I wanted to hurt myself. I pushed pencils into my skin, i tried to cut myself with my protractor once. It was only plastic though. I told no one and the few times i showed signs of what my mind was like it was addressed shortly and never brought up again. Even then i thought about suicide a lot. I don't remember when but i did begin really cutting myself at some point. It was a control for me. It took away the anxiety and the sadness. I felt good after, even great. It became a regular exercise for a long time. I did it almost daily and always where no one could see. There were few times i did it somewhere else..i guess i wanted help but none ever came. My parents only ever saw once and i got in trouble for it. I think it was around then that i told them about my depression and what it was like wishing you didn't wake up every day. They didn't respond well which i understand must be hard to have your kid tell you, but that was the only time and it has never been brought up again since. I found it hard to find joy or happiness in anything and was pretty detached from the world. I played video games to keep myself occupied. I lived in the country with no one really around so it was one of the few ways to forget about everything. When i started working the anxiety became worse, panicked states before every shift, dreading every time i had to go in. The one thing i found any joy in was a significant other. Feeling like i had someone to work hard for, a future that was worth building. It was the only thing that made me feel happy. I know you aren't supposed to rely on others for happiness but i have never been happy otherwise. But i guess i had bad luck with this as well. Cheaters. liars, and sometimes just someone moving away. But it hurt every time, to lose your happiness. I did have one apologize and another who had depression tell me how happy they were that i was there for them and how thankful they were. It was nice to be helpful for someone else. We were together for about three years and outside of their depressed pitfalls they always seemed to look up to me. I learned a lot about who i was and that i could be stronger than i thought. I gained some self worth during all of that. But it too didn't last. Too much strain made us have little patience with one another, old wounds that wouldn't heal. We felt it best to go our separate ways but on as good of terms as you can i guess. We still talk from time to time. I met someone else and it was really great but that ended too. I won't go into details but when that one ended it left me as hollow as I've ever been. That was a couple years ago now. 

So with how things have progressed to where i am now i have to wonder if it's still worth being here. I feel like life is nothing but an uphill battle, fighting through months and years of grief and pain for mere moments of happiness. It's incredibly crushing. I look around and wonder if anyone is really happy. If my idea of happiness is just that of a child? Is it even possible? I have always managed to handle things myself and have never taken medication or gone to therapy. As of late things have taken a dark turn in my mind, more so than usual. Almost obsessed levels of suicidal thoughts. Sure that i would do something and not sure i wanted to i went to a therapy session that was available for free through work. They only gave me general tips that i had picked up on my own and told me i needed something more long term...

The suicidal thoughts haven't left yet and i think about it almost non stop. After years without cutting myself i did it again. I was frustrated, my current love interest had been distant and seemed uninterested, combined with a bad day at work and my depressed state it all turned to anger. Unable to find my razor i became frustrated with the dull blades i had available and did something i never did before. I took pills. I didn't plan on dying, i was sure it wouldn't be enough but i didn't want to feel anything anymore. It was enough for me to feel pretty messed up though. I took them and went to bed some time after. As a side note i very rarely drink (been drunk twice in my life) and never smoke. I woke up about ten hours later surprised the effects hadn't worn off yet. I was shakey, and sweating, and dizzy. But it was time for work again...part of me did wish i hadn't woken up. I went to my car and had to stop at the end of my driveway to get out and throw up. I made it to work and people commented how pale i was and i kept throwing up again and again before going home. I was fine within the next day though. 

Despite what happened i didn't feel any less desire to end things. There was no worried thought of not making it, or regrets if i didn't. Only "If it happens then it happens". I still am stuck even now and i guess this is where i am lost...I don't have an overwhelming desire to die. I just don't want to hurt anymore. I feel hopeless, and worthless. I feel like continuing to exist is not worth the trouble. I don't think that it should be so hard to be happy. Maybe i'm just weak. I feel like i don't have any meaningful connections. There are people who would be hurt if i killed myself, i know. This is the main reason i haven't before, but i  just don't know what the alternative is or if i even want to try. I want to be happy but i'm not sure it is even possible. I know i can't keep going on like this. I know if i don't find a way to be happy i'll finish things sooner or later. 

My friends don't seem to understand when i do tell them or i feel too guilty to burden them with everything. I don't want to go to my parents. We have never been close and i don't trust their judgement or understanding on this. Professional help is hard to convince myself to go to. between talking with someone, possible medical bills, being admitted if i am deemed too hazardous to myself...it just seems like it would make things all the more stressful. Is it worth getting help? Do i even want to get help? I thought about just leaving. Taking my savings and just going without a word to anyone. I don't know where i would go or what would happen. That scares me too. I feel like anything i do will just be a mistake. I'm trapped in this life of misery. Despite my friends or family i feel so alone. Cared about but not loved. I guess that's why a significant other makes me happy but i guess that's wrong and it shouldn't be like that. I can't find anything else that does. Anything that i would be content with is unrealistic. I guess i want too much. Or i don't know how to live. The only clear path seems like suicide. The only one i know the outcome of. And so far it looks like the better option.

More thoughts: 9-23-2015 3:30pm
I figure i could be dead for about a month and a half before anyone would realize what happened. Work would notice but they would probably just think that i decided to stop coming in. No one there would look into it past a text message i don't think. Once rent is far enough behind i think they finally would open the place up. Every time i try opening up to someone and feel like i finally have a connection i realize they don't really care about me. I realize how alone i am. I really do hate this world. I hate that it's nothing but trudging forward hoping things will get better. That every day is filled with pain and loneliness and heartache. Is it this terrible for everyone? It seems like people  just accept this as fact and move on. I can't accept this. I can't continue enduring weeks and months of  bitter existence in hopes of meager and fleeting happiness. This isn't living, it's just dying on the inside day after day.