I don't want to live in the modern world and as I grow older it's become harder and harder for me to forget that I doI despise the present, modern world. Getting into detail as to why would lead me to writing much more than I want to write, but I do and have since I was a little boy and began to have a sense of what is in comparison to what was.

Thinking about the fact that I'm stuck in this era, the culture, this society that is so antithetical to my outlook and my values makes me want to die. What has kept me from killing myself has been immersing myself in the past, my studies of the classics, which allows me to forget about when I live and perhaps convince myself for a moment that I live in a time and place where I actually identify with the culture, the morals and values, the spiritual traditions and the societal structure. However, that isn't real, studying the past won't take me out of the present and as I grow older and am forced to actually interact with the modern world, it becomes harder and harder to cope and more and more appealing to end it.

I need to find a way and a place to live how I want to live, among others like me or I won't be able to and I won't want to continue to living. What's the point of living in a society that you despise? To being bound to mores and values that are antithetical to you?


I don't know why I'm posting this, maybe someone can offer me constructive advice on how to actually live how I want to live, if anyone knows anywhere? I've been in psychoanalysis for awhile and it has helped me understand why I want what I want, but the only way to cope is to either find what I want or stop wanting what I want. 


Please don't tell me that I don't really know if I would be happier "back then" because although I can't actually know who I would be, we do have extensive knowledge of what life was like. 

I feel like such a freak, and that's because I am. Who and what I am and what I believe and value and think is right and wrong is almost certainly repugnant to you, because it antithetical to modern society.
