I’m in constant physical pain and interacting with most people just makes my blood boil.I don’t know if it’s a consequence of the pain but I can’t fucking stand most people at the moment. They just get on my fucking nerves. I feel like I can’t talk to anyone because they’re so stupid and annoying. Part of me really wishes this virus kills me off so I don’t have to deal with other people. Most of my interactions with people over the past 4 years involve them asking about my disability and then trying to talk about the Paralympics with me. I just feel so angry and all alone all the damn time. I don’t wanna feel like that anymore but I can’t see a way out other than dying. I’ve always had a short temper and been incredibly impatient but I’ve taken steps to control it over the years but the the pain just erases all of that effort. I feel like lashing out at everyone but because I know that’s wrong I keep it pent up inside which just makes me feel worse. I don’t have a productive way to release this so I’m just stuck feeling angry. There’s nothing more emotionally draining than being angry. It feels like there’s no space for anything but anger in my life. I also have an awful habit over the past couple days of actively looking for things to be mad at. Looking through dumb comments left by even dumber people just to be able to get some sort of reaction out of myself. I don’t really think I’m alive anymore. This isn’t the person I thought I’d be at 20. After how hard my life was from the age of 7 to 16 I really thought it’d be easier from here on out and that I could adapt to whatever problems I faced. Turns out you can’t adapt to 4 botched surgeries in 4 years. I just don’t know what I’m doing anymore. All I feel is anger and I’m not even sure what I’m angry about. I just wanna die but I don’t want to try to kill myself in case I mess up and make my life worse. I just don’t know how to rebuild my life. I get that I’m young and I have my whole life ahead of me but I can’t see it being any different. I’m just in so much pain. If I lived in a country where guns were readily available I’d have already killed myself. Anyone got any advice? I wanna try and get through this. I don’t know how I’m gonna deal with the pain but maybe if I had something or someone worth going through pain for it wouldn’t matter as much. I just don’t really know where to start anymore. Everything feels so pointless. 

I’m aware that this is probably a complete mess but I just kept typing because I wanted to see what I’d write unfiltered. I think if I take the right steps and my health gets better I might not think about killing myself every day.