I have plans to kill myself in march (17)I've been struggling with a lot of depressive and self-destructive thoughts for years now from what I can remember, it's not really mild and just a sad episode it's genuine feelings of emptiness and just wanting to close my eyes and never have to wake up again to any of this.  
I'm extremely paranoid about my friends, I feel like they all hate me and force themselves to be with me or to talk to me because otherwise, they think I'll hurt or kill myself.

Nothing feels genuine because I don't think anyone would ever want to hang out with me because of me or find me nice as a friend. Mostly because most of my childhood was of my friends treating me that way and I've never made a good experience of having a genuine friend who's just a friend.

And that makes me feel so alone and so unwanted, I'm so so scared everyone just sees me as a psychotic person they need to endure with or else they'd feel guilty over my suicide.   
I'm scared of opening up about my past trauma, I barely can trust anyone because of this.  
I want to hang myself in a local-giant forest before my 18th birthday, mainly because I want to be with dad for his birthday before I kill myself. I love him a lot but he also sees me as psychotic rather than a normal person, I know this from past conversations and the way he talks about my problems at the psychologist. My mom has abused me and I don't want to talk about that but I felt like I should mention it.

Nothing in my future seems good or just worth going through this pain, I'm at a loss what to do and I just want to hang myself. I've been crying since I woke up because my closest friends betrayed my trust yesterday and called the police on me because I was having a psychotic breakdown and talking about dying but I never said I'd try anything. 

They just called it because they didn't want to talk to me and didn't want to feel responsible for my death, that's what I think at least, am I selfish for thinking that?  
I'm just so heartbroken and shook up, none of them messaged me since yesterday either so I just feel like they truly hate me and have abandoned me. I feel like it's all my fault too that I broke our friendship and I lost one of the few things that still cheered my day up.   
I don't know what to do anymore I'm so heartbroken and just wish to die. 

I just hope I can manage to hang myself in march, I ordered proper rope and set a good time window.