Today a truck on the highway veered into my lane while road raging and I wish I didn't have my kids with me so I could have stayed in my lane and let him wreck me.Long time lurker, brand new throwaway...

As I got off my exit on the highway and saw the truck was literally straddling the hashed line dividing the lanes, I realized just how close I came to the opportunity I've been hoping for. I want a way out that doesn't look like intentional to anyone who can't read my mind. I want a way out that allows my wife and kids what little insurance money is available. I want a way out that won't bring my kids shame. But most of all, I want a way out. And that was my chance, but I couldn't bring myself to let two of my kids go down with me. Or worse, my fucking luck I'd survive but they wouldn't. No, I need a pissed off trucker or a dumb drunk to find me while I'm all alone.  Then again, if I had that kind of luck I probably wouldn't feel like this in the first place.

I'm 35 years old. I'm unemployed for going on 3 years now. My marriage is beyond crumbling and is basically dust at this point. We're flat broke, and I am reminded daily how much of that is my fault. How we can't pay for anything because I can't get a job (or bring myself to apply and get rejected or fired again). Other than that and kid-based logistics, my wife doesn't speak to me. Forget sex (10 months, who's counting), I can't remember the last time we hugged, or even shared a kiss. This morning she literally kissed everyone goodbye including the baby in my arms but not a word to me. Most days I know my family would be better off without me, and from time to time my wife kicks me out for a day to spend with them and I get to see how happy they are without me and how little I am missed when I return.

I've had flashes of suicidal thoughts for the past twenty years. But as things fall apart they are more frequent and more lasting. I tried seeking professional help, but was rejected every time because they were too busy. (Even people who never met me know their time is better spent elsewhere.) No referrals, no suggestions, no words of wisdom to try and help. Just a cold email everytime saying sorry, no room for you here, move along. I never thought trying to find someone to talk to would be so hard.

I have no joy in life. I have lost touch with all of my friends, I have fallen out of any hobbies or activities I used to do, most days the best I can do is tolerate my kids, even my old standbys of TV shows and sports are empty now. Everything in life makes me feel numb at best. Life is one big never-ending chore that is never worth the effort.

I don't know if I really do want to die or not, but I do know I cannot stand to live this life much longer. And if I didn't think it would forever tar the memory of Christmas for my kids, I think I'd have just done it by now.

Anyway, just needed to get that off my chest and I have nowhere else to really say it. If anyone bothered to read this, Thanks.