What to do with suicidal girlfriend?Hi, sorry this is gonna be a long post but if someone can help me I really apreciate it, I feel very bad about these things daily and need help really.

I have been with my girlfriend for 1 and half years now. My girlfriend is like I would want my dream girlfriend to be, she cares for me, does everything for me and is there for me in any situation. For example she skipped work because I was sick and cared for me.

But from the beginning of our relationship, I have thought of leaving her many times, for alot of reasons, one of them because I would like to experience life without girlfriend, I have allways been attached to someone, and I feel like I cant do things I want with her. On the other side I feel like I wouldnt want to leave her, because I am happy when I am hanging out with her, we have fun and stuff. And I feel good when I can do something to help her, I feel like I care about her extremely much, and I feel sad when I am not with her. But somedays we hangout I feel like its a job to be with her. There is tons of reasons really to breakup with her, we have had some serious fights which have hurt me very much, but I feel like there is tons of reasons to be with her too.

One reason or maybe biggest I havent breaked up because I feel extreme pity for her, and feel extremely guilty every day. Her life has been full of disappointments, her parents are violent sometimes and drinks alot and dont care about her or help her in anything. She has been depressed and even suicidal sometimes, and she doesnt have many friends, only couple fake ones who she cant trust... She is maybe bipolar or borderline. I dont want to let her down, I am the last thing she got.

Other thing I havent breaked up with her is that I feel like I cant do it. We have been fighting and almost breaking up with her, but when I tried to leave her apartment she physically grabbed me and hysterically cried and told me not to go, so I couldnt leave. I cant leave her house for real. She grabs me and doesnt let me go, or cries hysterically and tells me not to go, I am only human I cant leave crying human who I care about alone. I started feel again that extreme pity because I watched her hysterically cry and stuff, so I tried to calm her down, and told her I am not never leaving her. Couple times she has threatened to kill herself if I leave from her too. She really can get very depressed and that is what I am most afraid of in my life, that she will kill herself. I have tried to get her to get help, I once called ambulance when she was suicidal. She got into doctor and got some medicines, which she doesnt take anymore, but did for a year. Now I have told her to get to doctor, that she needs help for her mental health, she has told me that she will do, but anything hasnt happened in months...

She has sensed that im not sure about the relationship, because I have been distant sometimes, I havent made any plans with her etc. She has said that this is bothering her and she wants this to change, that we have to do more things together. But I have allways told her that I want to be with her for rest of my life, to make her happy. I allways try to make her happy, with all things I do. I only say the good thing allways, and never say no to her.

Another thing I cant leave her is that I feel like im extremely codependant on her too, like she is on me. I feel sad when I am not with her, and I am too used to being with her. Somedays I feel like I love her very much, somedays I just think about breaking up with her.

I have been thinking of these things for over a year now, its driving me crazy! I cant breakup with her, it feels like impossible obstacle. If I even get to the breaking up part, I almost instantly feel like I did horrible mistake and that she is the love of my life. And she is so codependant on me, that she will allways want to be with me no matter I want to breakup. I have no idea what to do.

Answer what I am seeking is that should I be with her, or break up with her later, or break up with her now. I have started at a new job and if I have to breakup I cant manage to get to work... I have problems myself too, and that would make me feel miserable for months atleast. So I am thinking of getting like a week vacation and do it that time... But I cant breakup with her because I feel so unpowerful, I cant do it, I cant do it to a human being to feel that bad, I want her to be happy. She knows she can control me and that I cant do it. What the hell should I do? I have been to psychotherapeut talking about this, and she told me that you need to wait, and maybe breakup slowely but not immediatly because me and my girlfriend need so much each other or something. I dont want to be without her... But this is situation cant be forever, something I have to do. But if I breakup its not some little thing, it will make huge impact on my girlfriend life, she probably really can kill herself. And if that happens I cant live single day, I have made her to be feeling like killing herself and doing it.

I am beginning to start suicidal myself, I feel stuck and extremely guilty 24/7.