I don't know how to hold on any longerI'm on the edge.

I have been depressed and suicidal since my mid teens.  I've been self injuring since I was 16.  At 18 I attempted to kill myself by running my car into a tree.  I survived uninjured, and no one ever knew about it.  At 19 I attempted to overdose on any medication I could get my hands on.  I woke up 2? days later in a haze, but alive.  Since then I have not actively attempted suicide, only placed myself in dangerous situations and let it play out, and I have survived all of these situations.  I am turning 30 in March.

Some years have been worse than others.  There were 2 relationships I was in that literally pulled me from the depths of despair and made me feel like things could be okay.  I lost both of these amazing girls.  One I lost when I was 26.  The other I gained and lost this very year.  Losing her has put me at my lowest point since my previous suicide attempts.  Not only have I been returned to the hell that my own mind has constructed for me, without her, but I now have the additional weight of hope denied, worthlessness and sadness that I could lose something so precious to me.  She broke up with me at the end of July.  Once it was made clear that we could not fix things, I asked her to leave me alone, because seeing her and hearing from her was tearing me apart.  I think about her every single day.  I think about every thing I could have done differently that would have made her happier, that would have made us be together even one second longer.  I miss her so much.  I have refrained from contacting her, because even though it hurts me so much to think it, I want her to be happy, even if it is without me.  She has moved on, she is with someone else.  I broke last night (Christmas) and I texted her that I just wanted to say Merry Christmas and that I hoped she was doing great.  She responded in kind. And that was it.  I still hope and dream that some day we can be back together.  But I know it will not happen.  She's a sweet, beautiful girl, and she doesn't need to come back to me to find happiness.

So here I am.  I am back in my hell, and on top of that I'm here without my angel, and with the weight of knowing I lost her and I will never get her back.  I have kept my self from committing suicide for only 2 reasons in the past 10 years.  Firstly is financial, as I do not want any of my school debts to impact my family.  This will no longer be a reason soon, as the debt will be paid off or at least fully in my name.  The second reason is my sister.  She depends on me.  Right now she is living with me while she goes to school.  Sometimes it helps with the crushing isolation.  Sometimes it just makes me feel even more alone, as it is just one more person that I have to pretend to be okay around, and in my own home.

When my ex ended it, I went to therapy for the first time in 10 years, because I knew that if I didn't I would not be able to stop myself from killing myself.  I have been on various medications since, and go to therapy weekly.  The medications have done nothing for me, with the exception of the Xanax, which I fear to take because I am afraid of becoming an addict, and even if I don't become addicted, I am afraid to show much dependence on it, because I fear it will be taken from me, and it is one of only two things that helps me in my worst state, even though it only helps because it turns me into a zombie and puts me to sleep.

I managed to date one girl, shortly after my ex ended it.  I was not highly interested in her, but I needed something, anything to take me away from the pain I was feeling.  The medicine I was on for depression interfered with our sex life, and she broke up with me because of that.  It was disappointing, but she was never the one I wanted anyway.  Since then I have rather desperately been trying to find a girl to at least distract me from this pain.  I have had no luck, and it has become quite disheartening.  Abandonment and rejection are my biggest fears and triggers of pain, and facing constant rejection for the past few months is now also taking a toll on me.  I try not to care, but I do.  I want someone to reach out to me and tell me, yes, you are worth loving, not because you are my family, but because of who you are.  Obviously those words themselves mean something, but the accompanying actions are what I desire.  I want to be loved, romantically.  Not being able to find anyone that would even give that a chance at this point is sad.

I have been trying to exercise to improve my general fitness and I have been told by my therapist that it would make me feel better.  I can say that it has not made me feel any better.  If anything, it gives me another window of time where my mind is racing with thoughts of sadness, pain, lose love and self hatred.  Between that and the drive home, I am usually at the point where I need to cut or I will do something worse.

My cutting has gotten worse.  It was particularly bad around the times of my previous suicide attempt, but was largely eliminated from my routine in my mid twenties due to being in a serious relationship for 3 years.  I have started doing it regularly again.  I can't tolerate it like I used to, or perhaps its because I don't have the correct implements for it, but I find it distasteful now, though it still is one of the only things that helps me.  My distaste is more practical than emotional.  Cleaning up volumes of blood each day becomes problematic, as does bandaging each day and keeping it hidden.  The smell of blood sickens me now.  And watching my blood clot in the minutes after I cut is sickening to me now.  Still, I find myself bound to it.  It is becoming harder to stop at just cutting though.  The past few months I have been compelled to stab myself on a daily basis.  I have started collecting knives.  In the past 4 months I have probably ordered 12 of them off the internet.  Most of them aren't very satisfying to cut with.  I want to stab myself with them.  I act it out every day.  Either with the blade closed, or holding it backwards, I thump it into my chest or my thigh or my stomach.  Other times I run the smooth back of the blade sharply over my wrists or my neck or my forearms.  I cut on my upper arm, and it is completely scarred over and over at this point, and it is not very satisfying to cut there anymore.  I want to ruin my body in places I have not touched yet, I want to pull the veins out of my arms, I want to stab myself to death.  I have told my therapist about my compulsion to stab myself, but I have not gone into much detail about this or about my cutting, because I fear being hospitalized against my will.

I was supposed to see my therapist last tuesday, but I ended up going to the ER from abdominal pain and ended up getting an appendectomy that very night.  They saw my cuts and scars while the surgery was underway, and they were insisting that I have someone watch over me in my room.  I protested for hours, and told them that if they did it, then next time I had a life threatening injury I would not go to the hospital because of them abusing my trust by doing this.  I eventually talked them out of forcing it on me.  They still sent several people to me while I was recovering, all of whom I turned away and told them I was already in treatment.  I wanted to scream that no I am not okay, I will never be okay.  But I fear being hospitalized, I fear all of my pain coming to light and everyone knowing what is wrong with me.

Between my depression and several illnesses (C Diff infection for 2 months in August-September, and appendecitis this past week), I have missed a lot of time at work, and had to work from home a lot.  I had hid my depression under the cover of these other illnesses, though the depression is by far the most crippling.  Initially I was reassured that it is fine, and to do what I can and try to get better.  I feel the reassurances are running thin now though.  It just one thing after another.  It could just be my paranoia, but I don't think so.  I think my reputation and job will be on the line soon, and if not my job, then at least the promotion that I am in line for, as well as my status as the most capable and reliable person on our team.  I know that if I have to take any time off for mental reasons, then I will surely lose this, and I don't think it will help me anyway.  Removing myself from reality is the only way I can cope as it is, and I know that once I have to return to reality, it will be just as bad again.  I don't want to be a failure.  My career is at this point the only success I have had, and honestly it is more successful than I ever would have thought.  But I hate it.  I hate being dragged into a worthless reality that hurts me so much.  I hate having to pretend like I'm okay and be productive and pretend like I care about the business.  But I can't let myself jeopardize the one success I have, the one thing that at least keeps me financially secure.  But I am.  I am and it's only going to get worse.

I need to escape this world.  There is too much pain here for me.  Or maybe I am too weak.  Either way, it amounts to the same thing.  There is more on me than I could ever hope to bear.  This is who I am.  I have been brought out of it before, but only by the freely given love that I no longer have.  Without that, I am just me.  And this is what I am.

I have struggled for so long it feels like.  My therapist asks me if I intend to kill myself.  I respond by saying that if I truly did intend to kill myself, then I obviously wouldn't tell her, because she would stop me.  She agrees with this assessment, but I believe it has worried her even more, and rightfully so, I suppose.  Again, I fear hospitalization and the fallout from it.  More than I fear death, which I don't at all.  I only fear the pain I will cause those who care for me.  I have no regard for my own life.  My therapist asks me how I feel about myself.  She asks me if I hate myself.  I tell her that it doesn't make sense as a question, because I am completely and utterly biased when it comes to me, so I can not give an objective answer.  I tell her the concept of me as a person isn't clear in my mind.  Everyone else is someone, but I am no one.  I think I have frustrated her with my sickening logic.  She has stated to me that she doesn't think she can help me.  But no one can understand how hard it was for me to see her in the first place.  How hard it is to provide a window into myself, especially in person, in text.  If I stop seeing her, I don't think I will try again.  Besides, as I have told her, I never expected that anyone would be able to help me, not in the long term.  Admittedly though, I look forward to seeing her each week, especially on really bad days.  I don't know why.  I say to her maybe 5% of the thoughts going through my mind, and my worries, as if the rest were so taboo that she would tell me that she hates me and to never come back.  In reality, I do fear this.  I fear this with everyone, but especially her, because I have allowed myself to become somewhat vulnerable, I have provided the smallest of windows into my heart and mind.  I am supposed to see her tomorrow.  Part of me wants to break down and cry and tell her what I am really feeling.  But I know she will have me hospitalized.  I am unconvinced it would help, but even if it did, the immediate consequences I foresee are unacceptable.  Part of my wants to hand this to her, to let her read all of the things I can't bring myself to say aloud.

I am so lonely right now.  Why can't anyone want to be with me?What about me is so awful?  Can they sense the way I feel?  Do they instinctively know to avoid me?  Have thousands of years of evolution endowed people with the ability to detect that I am Not Good, and that any offspring that come from me will be just as bad?  I am partially convinced of this.  I am not the most attractive guy, but I have gotten girls before, so I am not wholly repulsive physically.  I miss being close to someone.  I miss having them in my arms.  I miss the pleasure of sex, both loving and animalistic.  I miss knowing that someone chose to be there with me.  

I try to think to the future.  Turning 30 soon has brought that close to the forefront of my mind.  I feel old, maybe just because I feel like I should feel old.  Most people say they have expected to be married or to have children by 30, and that is something they have not achieved.  I didn't expect to make it to 30.  When I was 18 years old I was certain that I would be dead within a year.  I can't believe I've struggled for so long.  And I look ahead another 30, 40, 50, 60 years.  And I think, there's no way I can do it that long.  I'm not living for myself.  I'm living just to keep from hurting my sister.  How long can I stake my self to that?  She has a boyfriend now, and she wants to marry him.  When that happens, will I be able to go?  Will I have lasted long enough, to see her at least with someone else to comfort her and keep her safe?  Could I even wait that long?  I don't know.  Right now it feels like I can't.

And what if I can?  What if I can keep myself alive, and that's it.  I still have to go to work each day and pretend like I'm a person.  I have to laugh and get things done.  I have to get up in the morning, when all I want to do is sleep forever.  That's cruelty and suffering in and of itself.  I'm so tired.  My moods cycle between numbness, which is the high point of my life, and crippling sadness, and the stages in between.  My life is joyless.  I have felt joy before, when I was with someone.  With my ex, things I hate doing became wonderful.  I can't stand being around a lot of people, it gives me panic attacks.  But I went to the zoo with her once.  And it was amazing.  She took away all the bad things, and left me only with the good.  This is something I feel that people can't realize or understand.  She took it all away, and left me with room to have happiness and love.  It's not something I can do for myself.

If I have to be honest, even if I could, I don't know if I would want to.  This is perhaps the most demented part of my mental defects.  I know it frustrates my therapist, and probably bewilders her.  I don't know if I would choose meaningless happiness, even given the choice.  My agony, my suffering, I can at least say that it feels like it means something.  That concept, something "having meaning", I can't accurately describe what it means to me, yet I know it does mean something.  My pain means something.  Love means something.  And I don't know how to define everything in between.  I think there is a gulf, a barren landscape in my emotional curve.  In this area lies the small joys that other people seem to so easily find, the self satisfaction or pride.  This is what everyone insists is out there, and tells me that I just need to reach out and grasp it.  I think this is like a bundle of dead nerves in me.  Somewhere along the line, every feeling in me died except for the extreme negatives and one special place where love lives, where I can feel something positive.  It sounds so romantically juvenile to put it like that that it makes me sick to even say it, it sounds fake, it sounds like something out of a shitty book.  But it's the only way I can describe how I feel, what I am capable of feeling.  And I feel deeply, that might be the other key.  Nothing is slight.  Everything is maximum intensity.

I just want it to be over.  I want to go to sleep and just never wake up again.  It could be an endless dream, or a hollow silence, or the complete lack of perception.  I can't take this reality.  I can't take the loneliness, I can't take the abandonment, I can't take the neverending facade I must keep up.  I am convinced I am going to kill myself.  I don't know when.  Guilt keeps my heart pumping and lungs breathing.  Guilt keeps me from stabbing myself in the heart or slashing my neck or opening my wrists, even as I mime and practice these actions so much that they already feel warm and familiar to me.

I fear surviving a suicide attempt.  The first two times I was lucky, and no one found out, and I wasn't left paralyzed or brain damaged.  But maybe next time it wouldn't be like that.  Or even if I was okay, someone would find out and they would hospitalize me.  I know there are fairly reliable ways, but in my mind, I also see suicide as my chance to finally perpetrate the horrific violence I am compelled to serve upon myself.  Two birds with one stone.  It sounds like an excuse though.  Maybe it is an excuse.  But if someone could tell me right now that my sister would forget that I ever existed after I died, I would be so grateful and would do it right now.

My sister is my most immediate concern, but it's not like I don't care about how it would hurt everyone else.  My mother, my grandmother.  I'm sure they would hurt, especially my mom.  I know she feels she is to blame for how I am, the little bit of it she knows about.  She was in the mental hospital on three separate occasions during my childhood that I can recall.  I believe it was during one of these stays that I spent the summer at my father's place (they were divorced).  During this summer my stepmother physically abused me daily.  When I got back, it was evident to my family what had happened, and my father then lost his partial custody because of this.  I believe my mother blames this on herself as well.  I wish she could know that I don't blame her for it.  I wish I could tell her how much I love her.

Then there's a horrible part of me, that thinks, maybe if my ex knew that I killed myself, she would finally know how much I loved her, and that she made a terrible mistake.  I hate myself for that thought entering my mind, and I can barely admit it.  It's unbearably cruel, and in reality, I wish only good things for her.  I just wish that those good things could include me.  But the thought enters my mind, I am ashamed to say.

Typing this out has maybe made me feel a little better for tonight.  Less frantic, I suppose.  I don't expect anyone to read this, I guess.  It's probably rambling and depressing.  Part of me wants to show this to my therapist.  I think this is more words and information than I have spoken to her in the past 4 months combined.  I don't know if I will.  It could end badly, and I'm so scared of all the possible ways it could end badly.  I think I'm done for the night.  Thank you for listening.