My professor is worried about a presentation I did today...Here is the direct quoted email:

"I enjoyed your presentation today.  It was interesting and well thought out.  YOu received a 15/15.
 
I just wanted to check in with you about how things are going.  Your song topic made me worry a bit and hope that you're not relating too much with Jeremy.  Also, you mentioned in class about your medication, and I wanted to follow up and see how you're doing with that.   I'm not a counselor or a clinician, but if you ever need to talk I can be a sounding board and can help you locate resources if you need anything.
 
Hope you're doing well."


I choose a presentation on the song "Jeremy" by Pearl Jam for Adolescent psychology presentation.  If you do not know what it is about, a 16-year-old boy committed suicide in front of his classmates.  This song is powerful and chilling at the same time and that is why I chose it; also felt appropriate for the class because many adolescents deal with suicidal thoughts...including me.


A little back story about my suicidal thoughts...they started to arise in my junior year in high school, so around the age of 16 or 17.  I am currently 19 and I am a sophomore in college.  The thoughts started to appear one day when I was feeling depressed over school work and I'm pretty sure a crush that just broke my heart.  I thought nothing of this because 1.) I don't have the guts to kill myself and 2.) I thought every teenager experienced these thoughts.  I have cut myself numerous times when I was in high school, but no one knew about them because they were on my leg.


Also, a bit about my personality: I am very easy-going on the outside.  I am always willing to listen to people and I probably would describe myself as a "wallflower".  I have never had parent issues and they are really supportive of me and my way of life.  I have a decent amount of friends and I usually have normal college conversations with them.  I have one really close friend that we can share anything, but I haven't had the courage to tell her about my suicidal thoughts.  I also have a girlfriend, but we have only been dating a few weeks so I can't really open up too much with her.  She also parties a little bit; I don't at all and have never had the interest in drinking.


Fast-forward to now and I have started to think about suicide all over again.  The end of my freshman year was when they came back because my girlfriend of a year and some months told me she didn't love me anymore.  I started to write poems about this and how I just wish everything would come to an end (I also wrote poems in my junior and senior years of high school with suicidal thoughts).  They really started to progress this year, my sophomore year, when I would be driving and would hope that a car or train (I go to college by a major railroad) would hit me and just end it.  They have been off and on for about two months now, but again they are just thoughts.



The medicine that my professor was talking about was Celexa because I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder.  The first week I was on it, the thoughts completely stopped, but I was ungodly tired.  It has been two weeks and the thoughts of suicide are coming back.  They haven't been extremely strong thoughts, but I have picked up my entire pill bottle once and thought about just ending it all.  All in all, Celexa hasn't increased my thoughts about suicide and I believe it has stopped some of my self-diagnosed depression.



Any advice for me to help controlling these thoughts?  I really don't want them anymore and I want to control them before they start to take over me.  