I wanted to write this somewhere.Hey r/sw, I just wanted to write this somewhere even though I might be abusing your services.

I'm someone who has managed to piss away all of the opportunities I've been given in life. I go to a small, fairly decent but very tough, University. Because of a year and a half of stupidly ignoring depression and all-around being a fuckwit I'm not going to be able to graduate with much more than a 2.75 and an English degree. I've tried everything to get some perspective on this, but I just can't find it. Everything about my life feels hopeless and I can't stop feeling like a year and a half has completely torpedoed all of my chances of ever being happy again, even if I can control my depression and manage these problems. I have one semester left and I just can't handle this anymore. 

I've been involved in counseling other students for my entire college career so I know how relatively minor these problems are. But I still can't shake this. This makes it that much worse. I feel pathetic for not being able to handle this. I feel like Louis CK would be upset at me for not managing to be even slightly happy in this situation. I was raised to be strong and carry on but I just want to put a bullet in my brain.

To cap it all off I'm home for the holidays. I've been incredibly blessed and privileged to have parents who have never stopped providing love and support. This just makes this worse. There's already enough tension in my head without the problem of continuing to live as an unspoken disappointment or dieing as a disgraceful suicide. 

I know how irrational these decisions can be and I worry in these dark lonely times where it keeps getting easier and easier to not keep resisting the urge to chug all the pills I have for a chronic pain condition. I spend most of my days pumping podcasts and books and antidepressants into my brain to keep my mind from slipping. However the days keep getting longer and I can't keep having this crisis every day.

I think I can keep going but it varies from day to day. I was wondering if any of you might have some advice or perspective on this so I can put it in the books I look to whenever I can't take it anymore.