I have a plan to kill myself, I was expecting to be kicked out today, I was going to start my plan I wasn't kicked out, but I still want to go through with my plan.I have a plan to kill myself that I believe will work, it's kind of elaborate, but as long as my ducks are in a row, it shouldn't fall through. I have just graduated high school, and my roommates have been threatening to kick me out for a while, cooing and telling me that I should pick out a park bench, this is because I don't have a job, and they don't believe that I am actively looking for one, which they're right, I'm kind of not. I decided that I would look for a job, but if they did kick me out I would carry out my previously mentioned plan, I don't have much faith in myself, I don't think that I could pick myself up after that, and I don't want to burden anyone else with me. They kept threatening that if I didn't have a job by today literally, that they would kick me out, well, today came, I was very promptly woken up and told to "get to work at whatever I needed to get done." So I packed a bag with everything I would need, made sure that my plan was stable and ready, and pretty much prepared to leave at a moments notice, I should have done this sooner, but I procrastinate at every fucking thing that I do. I went downstairs to do my usually chores only to find out that they had already been done. I asked if I was going to be kicked out, and I was told that if I didn't show signs of improvement that I would be eventually, just not today. To be honest when I was told that they were going to kick me out, it was a relief, I was glad, I was happy that I wouldn't have to burden anyone anymore with my bullshit, I just wish that they had the guts to actually do it, to actually kick me out, please, I just want to stop bothering them. I kind of expected that it might be a bluff or some shit just to scare me, but I was hoping that it wasn't. My mother lives here too, we're kind of dependent upon them, we can't afford to live on our own. The first few weeks that they had threatened to kick me out, they apparently hadn't told my mother, as when they mentioned it at some point in front of her, she asked me what they meant later, and she was pissed. She swore that she wouldn't let it happen, but I don't want her to intervene, and she also swore that worst case she would move out with me, and try to find an apartment. I don't want her to do this, she can't. That's why I wanted my bag packed sooner, so I could leave before she could try to intervene or come with me. Well it's packed now, I'm not unpacking it. My roommates have every right to kick me out, I don't hold it against them, and I don't blame them. "I am a burden and I deserve to die," that's the note that I plan to have in my pocket when I go. I just want it to be over with so bad, I want to get started, but now I can't until, I don't know when. I'm tempted on Tuesday (my first day that I'll be home alone for the entire day.) to just leave, to start it then. I have no faith in myself, I don't think that I can do this, and even if I can, I'm a burden in other ways, I deserve to die. What do I do?