EmptinessI've had a persistent sensation of emptiness for quite a while now.  Whenever I find myself caught up in an introspective moment of soul-searching, it seems as if there remains no vestige of soul left to search.  The people I pass by on the street, their faces bathed in the soft, electric glow of cellphone-light, are nothing more than glassy-eyed automata, eternally sifting through cyberspace for opportunities to vicariously live out their otherwise unattainable fantasies.

The philosophical difficulties I've been struggling with seem intimately connected to personal ones.  Half the time I feel as if I could do anything -- in a word, omnipotent.  The remaining half I feel more worthless than garbage.

Recently I have come to believe that neither do we possess free will nor does human life possess any intrinsic value.  "Free will" is an abstraction intended to describe the combination of microscopically-random processes that shape our everyday decisions, and it is therefore an emergent property.  But as such it cannot be in any way metaphysical or abstracted beyond the tangible.  "Free will" is nothing more than the law of large numbers in action, smoothing over the crevices in our personal illusions.

The only reason why one man wouldn't torture another for a dime is fear of retribution.  Human morality is an invention designed to protect the interests of civilization and perpetuate the human lineage.  This motif is manifested throughout history, in politics and religion.  "Thou shalt not kill," but only so that the flock may grow.  In the absence of laws or fear of punishment, every man would be the worst kind of savage.  The baseline value attached to a human life can't be equal to much.  All decry Hitler as evil, but there are always raving madmen who would slay millions for power.  The true evil lies in the feckless crowds of sheep jostling each other to salute.

All this, and yet I still feel a poor specimen of humanity.  I cannot connect to others or imagine how they feel.  I cannot decide whether I'm not intelligent enough or too intelligent for my own good.  I have no friends, and I'll never marry.
I once thought to seek refuge in academia, where I might pursue my interests relatively unhampered by the quotidian drudgery that plagues so many other areas of work.  Yet I am now almost ready to apply to college and am slowly realizing that no good school will take me.  

My academic growth was stunted greatly in the early years by how schools responded to my Asperger's diagnosis, which even included physical restraint, intimidation, and forced confinement to a sensory deprivation room as punishment for swearing.  Needless to say I became disillusioned with school, and although I was nominated several times for the gifted program, I always managed to not perform well enough on their tests.  I assumed for years that this must mean I was retarded, and only later realized that I failed to gain entrance in spite of, rather than due to, my IQ.  

The school district used poorly-validated assessments not even designed to measure intelligence per se, and refused to consider genuine intelligence tests due to equity concerns.  My performance was highly variable, but an individual test in 3rd grade suggested an extremely unusual cognitive profile, with abstract verbal reasoning at 164 (~99.999th percentile, and 70 points higher than the below-average verbal score I attained on one of the school tests) and visual perception at 104 (a hair above average).  

This was thought to be a possible underestimate due to non-cooperation during testing, and a later nonverbal test put my visual perception/reasoning at 148 (~99.9th percentile).  Working memory was characterized as high average to superior, and although I flat-out refused to have my processing speed tested, I am nearly certain it is below average.  

Assuming that this patchwork of results is close to accurate, it would suggest my reasoning abilities are around four standard deviations above my ability to perform low-level information processing.  My relatively low CPI has crippled my work output, while my reasoning chops only seem to have made it more difficult for me to relate to other people.  Using the WISC-IV Tech Report #7, if the 148 is taken as a more accurate representation of my nonverbal reasoning, this would put my general reasoning at around 167-168.  Assuming that the hypothesized "30-point communication range" holds, its lower limit is around 137 or 138.  

This represents around the 99.35th percentile, which is very problematic.  Coupled with my disability, I believe that this has effectively sealed off the vast majority of the social world for me.  Too much of a good thing can be very, very bad.  I don't even think that the number an IQ test spits out represents the complexity of human intelligence well, but whether or not I'm actually any smarter than the average person, I'm much more abnormal, which is what counts socially.  

Very recently, I've been able to match my academic potential with achievement in school.  I attained a perfect score on my ACT and took my first grad math class at 16.  But I feel like it must all be a lie.  How improbable are all of these things?  That class was so easy, I should have done it earlier and I've failed myself.  Maybe I cheated subconsciously.  Maybe that one test was right and I'm not 168, 164, 148, or even 104, but below average.  What's the chance that this is really happening to me, of all people, rather than my reality being the pearly inside of a coma or drug-induced stupor?  I've developed quite severe insomnia too, and I fear that all those nights with two or fewer hours of sleep may have permanently damaged my brain.  

But back to college.  Colleges want to see more than just academics these days.  They want "leadership" and a whole cavalcade of other nebulous social parameters.  Good academics in isolation?  That's a ticket straight to a third-string institution.  If I wind up at such a place, I'll have no hope of genuine connection, but I'll also probably wind up at such a place because I have no hope of genuine connection.  It's a catch-22.

What's the point?  My life feels fake, and human society is rotten to the core.  We pass judgment on each other so easily, we gossip and blather about the most vacuous tripe.  We proclaim ourselves supreme in the adjudication of criminal cases, then proceed to execute the innocent.  We pump metric ton after metric ton of greenhouse hases into the atmosphere without a care in the world, and become frustrated with the warm weather.  We torture, rape, lie, steal, cheat, and kill -- all for a few scant moments of triumph.  Then we are dust in the wind or food for the earthworms, and no ear in the universe is lent to hear our troubles.  Our species is a blight.