Everything is going great.I don’t know why I’m writing here. My life is going pretty great, by most metrics. I’m in a great program, in the top 10% of my program, with great friends, and with great relationships with my family. I love what I am doing in my program, am looking forward even more to what is coming up next in it, and am excited by the job prospects. I am moderately attractive, in decent shape, not overweight. Everything up to where I have gotten to be is by my own doing, none of my choices have been forced. Yet, the one thing I don’t understand is why it all feels so hollow.

It’s not like things have always been so great either. Back in early elementary school, I had no friends. I wasn’t bullied that much either, most just completely ignored me. A few times I made friends with kids a couple grades older than me, but inevitably a day would come where they and their other friends would tell me, “a stupid kid”, to get lost. I’m not angry at them, not anymore. I would then just go back to doing what I would normally do, and just wander schoolyard with my thoughts. I finally kicked myself in the pants in grade 10 and ended making a lot of friends and doing a lot of cool things outside of school.

There’s a lot more to the story, friends whom I stopped being friends with, friends who abandoned me, throw a multi-year long crush and brief relationship with a girl into there as well. Things end. Things change. I expect it. With a lot of those people who most impacted me though, I’ve ended up reconciling with. Some are even still good friends of mine, and that makes me happy. None of this is particularly surprising or unusual, and it is on the positive in terms of overall life quality.

Why am I writing here then? It’s not like I’d do anything stupid. It would hurt so many people around me, and I could never do that. Maybe I am just writing to a brick wall? Trying to understand my own feelings? Perhaps. I definitely feel calmer after writing this, but I wouldn’t say any happier. In the end, I am writing to this subreddit, a subreddit with a very particular purpose. So who knows. I can’t deny I have thought on some sleepless nights what it’d be like to just close my eyes to the darkness and never come back.
