Killing myself on Sunday. Thanks for everything.It's been a really hard and long life for me. im 18 now and i want to die more than ever. I have nothing to live for anymore. I feel so empty.

I know no one will read this bc it will be buried at the end of the page but here i go. thanks to anyone actually reading i felt like leaving this here so atleast someone knows

These last 2 years have been hell, ive lost more than ive ever gained. 

Those 2 years took everything from me. I lost a very close best friend of mine, lost alot of friends, had really bad mental problems and lost the love of my life, most relationships ive ruined aka family, friends.

Since middle school ive lost most of my friends, i was EXTREMELY BULLIED,i  lost alot of myself and lost alot of my good personality because i started getting really insecure about myself,  I got really close to a girl who i had intense feelings for which eventually died, bc i learned she  was a big cheater. Its just fuck ive lost so much i wanna write alot but it will  just be too much text and no one will read.

&amp;#x200B;

Ever since i was 13 i fantisized about commiting suicide due to the amout of pain i was in and these thoughts havent really ever stopt since. It has just  gotten more and more intense. 

I fucking hate myself so goddamn fucking much how could i have screwed up THIS FUCKING Bad.

2019 was the happiest year of my life, bc AFTER SO MUCH SHIT and grieving and loss i finally had friends that i were REALLY close to and met a girl and my friend dated her friend and everything was so perfect. (I met her thru him) 

So this girl who i would call the love of my life had such intense emotions for me she was crazy in love with me. It felt so good because i loved her so goddamn much too and it was so perfect but we were long distance.... I wanted to meet her so bad but i was so anxious and scared to tell my mom about her so i didnt tell my mom i regret this so bloody much. Basicly later i lose my best friend bc turns out hes a pretty bad fake person who i wasted like 3 years on and im literlly devastated and i got some sort of trigger because of past abandoment so  i kinda shut myself down and ignored everyone in my class that whole year and was really anxious and really suicidal. I still talked to my girlfriend and gave her alot of love but i felt like i was just a burden because i was sad always and i miss my old me. Well fast forward il admit ive done some mistakes and so has she but i feel like the distance was killing it in the end and she got really cold and stuff and less and less loving towards me. We nearly broke up 3 times before the final break up in july. It broke my heart because i was kinda expecting it, and feeling anxious about it every day because i knew that this beautiful person of a girl will leave me and il be completely alone. After surviving that whole year being in pain and alone and in doubt and literlly every day was a living fucking hell trying to survive my own mind, i was also a bit needy to her which might have killed alot of the attraction. She said she was Lesbian when she broke up but i know shes not lesbian shes bi 100%. And now shes like a egirl or goth i dont even know anymore. it ended kinda weird because i was really needy and said i love her alot and stuff like that but she was surpisingly cold towards me at the end but i guess thats how every break up is. But after so much time and nights talking to her and sm stuff it just feels unreal how shes gone. Like gone. She said we need space and to wait 2 months before we talk again but she hasnt contacted me but im not sure if i should contact her first or whatever the fuck. Maybe we need more space idk im a train wreck because i realized and i woke up kinda when she did it because i realized i should have met her a long time ago and i should have worked on myself and improved more and i cant belive she stuck with me even though i had such a shitty year and thinking on that year makes me cry because she was my only motivation that entire fucking YEAR. its hard to explain but i felt like i was dead walking and the only thing keeping me motivated is her. 

Now after reflecting on the past i have such deep regret i didn't facetime with her more because im so insecure about my ugly face i just miss her so goddamn much i wanted to move to her city and live there someplace and get a job and be with her. It doesnt matter what job i get as long as im happy and shes happy. I just want her in my life but yet i feel like somehow we are meant to be and maybe later things will be different. I know now that the only way im ever getting another shot is if i live near her or actually visit her, idk what to do honestly i have no friends barerly like 1 friend that i occasionaly talk to and then theres my family who actually hate me and want me gone. I even reached out to those people who are supposed to help you and they didnt even reply to me. Just straight out ignored me. 

&amp;#x200B;

Im so sick of it, having people leave my life i was so done with people leaving me and now i lost her, of everyone i lose her? i thought to myself, it doesnt make sense why am i being punished i try so bad to be a good person i just wanna be happy. I told myself after the breakup that im gonna work on myself and get my happiness back but..every night i fall deeper and deeper and i just dont think its worth it anymore. 

Im cursed because everyone leaves me, im afraid of opening up aswell i can barely get my feelings out without it turning into alot of text because im trying to understand what i feel. 

Life doesnt make sense without her anymore. I wanted to grow old with her and marry her in the future. I realize my mistakes i just regret it so much how i was so blind at that time. I should have just pulled myself together i fucking hate myself this was so avoidable. I hate my life so much, i have basicly no one, everything has been taken from me.

I have Borderline, Really bad depression, Social anxiety and ptsd. and most likely alexithymia and this fucks my life up worse.

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks for coming to my talk, i realized how much i actually wrote...thanks for anyone actually reading that and understanding bc its really difficult to get my thoughts and feelings out so i write kinda weird but oof.

&amp;#x200B;

Im determined to end my life on sunday. Idk why but i feel kinda drawn to that day, it feels beautiful like il finally be at peace after so much pain. Im so exhausted i cant even feel anything istg the only thing im feeling is emptiness and pain. Im so shut down inside. Talking to people even though they are also suicidal like me is hard i just dont understand how to have a good conversation its like ive isolated myself for so long i just want to be happy again.

But yeah im finished now thanks for reading everyone. Too much pain in my life to keep going. Il probaly log into the account later to see if anyone commented so if you are troubled or sad or need someone to talk to then you can talk to me i dont judge i literlly dont i swear &lt;3 il be here til sunday.