The thoughts never stop. Only if I end it.I'm a 24yo guy and I have been depressed since I was a kid. The past 3 years were the best of my life thanks to a wonderful GF I had. Yes, had. She broke up with me 3,5 months ago. It was because of my behaviour which I could not explain or get a grip on. I've plunged into the deepest depression I've ever been in. I don't want to do anything. I don't want to eat. I don't want to drink. I just want her back and make things right. She is still my friend, but the last time I spoke to her was over the phone and I was all emotional, asking her to talk about the relationship. She didn't want to and told me to take some months for myself.

It has been 2 months now since that phone call and it has been complete radio silence, but my feelings for her haven't changed. Barely anything has changed. I still can't work. I can't study. I can't really eat or drink. 

It has been constant ups and downs. I sometimes feel pretty neutral for a few days, allowing me to somewhat function. Though I constantly fall back into a severe depressive state, lasting for days if not weeks. Though life goes on. I feel the pressure of responsibilities. Everyone else is doing their things so I must too I keep thinking. I have to be just as good or even better than them. I have to do this and that, but I simply can't.

I have a dad, a brother and a grandma who care about me. I have some friends who check in on me. Though however kind their words are, however uplifting they try to be, it just doesn't work. Sometimes I have a tiny bit of hope that my ex will come back, that it's not all over, but that hope often quickly fades as it is probably false hope. I can't live on kind words and false hopes. 

I need her. I consider her the love of my life. While I know there are probably girls out there who will fit me just as well or even better, they're out there and not here with me. I don't have the will anymore to look when I already found the girl I want to be with.

I actually went on a few Tinder dates, but they are all not like her. I'm not attractred to them. Of course, I'm not looking for a clone, but they don't even come close to type of girl I want. Yesterday I actually went on a date with a girl who was really nice, but just doesn't seem to be my type. I also don't feel attractive myself. I try to be nice, happy, and funny like I used to be, but I just can't. I'm dying on the inside.

I am seeing a psychistrist, but I still have to do my first session. I did get meds. An anti-depressent which will take months to even work. Also a calming med that helps me sleep. Speaking of which, sleep is my only escape. Though it goes by too fast. I wish I never wake up, because every time I wake up it is without my ex.

As of now I'm diagnosed with acute severe depression. I also likely have bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder and a personality disorder, probably Adult Attachment Disorder. It would explain my odd and distant behaviour towards my GF back then. I really want to tell my ex. I'm in fact desperate to tell her, because she is my only hope. I hope she will give me one last chance to show her that I'm not the guy she left. Though I know that that is very unlikely to happen. I can text and call her, but I'm scared she'll refuse to meet me again and cut me out of her life for good. Even if she meets me she'll realise that I need her or I'll commit suicide. I don't want to put that huge pressure on her, but it's the truth and she has to know how serious I am. I feel bad for even thinking about it...

So right now I'm just stuck. I want to die, but I also want to live. I want to live happily with my ex, but not alone. I fear I'll end up alone or just with some girl I can never love as much as my ex. I keep thinking of how to do it. Cutting my wrists seems the easiest. I also thought of electrocuting myself or jumping in front of a train. Though I'm too much of a coward to do it. I seem to cling to that tiny bit of hope that my ex will come back. Who knows, maybe I'll be dead tonight.