At the end it seemsI don't know why I'm doing this. I honestly feel like I'm at the end of my road and just want to say my side of the story before I move into whatever exists after life ends. I am 32, and I have been miserable about my life since I was a child. When I was younger, let's say around 8, I was molested. I don't know how common it is to act out sexually after something like that, but I did. I don't know why I never said anything to my parents, they always told me I could tell them if something ever happened but I didn't. After that I was caught experimenting with other males my age and I would get in trouble/beaten for it. Somehow this didn't make me stop. When I was 11 some younger cousins,8 and 9, and I had done stuff and the next day I was taken to jail. I didn't quite understand the severity of what was happening until I was put in handcuffs and taken away from my mom and little brother. Juvenile hall was terrifying. Soon after I was seen by a female lawyer that said I was a pervert and child molester and that I was going tot go to jail. I remember some parts of that conversation so clearly. I remember her saying a doctor had examined the other boys rear ends and it looked like someone had done something to them. It wasn't till much later I realized she meant anal sex, which I didn't know existed since most of what had ever happened was touching. I went to the courthouse the next day,  feet and legs shackled together, and took a plea that labeled me as a sex offender until I was 18. I also was made to wear an ankle monitor for a year after and was confined to my yard. When school started the nightmare began, and to be honest I guess I deserved it. I was beaten and treated terribly until I graduated. It was a small country town and everyone knew everyone and most kids spent their entire lives together from kindergarten till graduation. I know lay of y'all think I'm some kind of creep and probably think I deserve this and to kill myself. I don't blame you I have felt the same way since it happened. I never had a real gf, nobody wanted much to do with me. I had a few friends but it always seemed like their interactions with me were so forced. I hated my life so much I tried to kill myself when I was just about 13.  Time passed and the abuse got worse. When I was 17 I joined the army, yes you can do that you just need your parents to sign a waver. I joined my JR year and went to boot camp shortly after graduation. I finished boot camp and advanced training, came home and got my gf at the time pregnant. I was always uncomfortable around my son because I was always afraid of what people would think. Her and I split and after a couple years I met my ex wife. This was a welcome change cause she didn't know anything about my past. I decided to tell her and she said it was a long time ago and that I shouldn't worry. Things were good but she cheated on me with her ex be at the time. I figured it was because of my past and maybe she thought she couldn't be with me. It was terrible call because she was the first person I ever knew to know about everything and still want to be with me so I asked her to be with me still and she said yes. Time passes on and I finished a deployment to Iraq and while I was  there I helped save this guy that had fallen while running to safety during a mortar attack. After I returned home I got married and started a job with some military friends. One of them found out about my past and told everyone and for many years I couldn't even bear to go to work because I was treated very badly. I was so depressed I constantly fought at home and eventually I pushed away everyone that remotely cared about me. I don't know why I did it but I did. My ex wife had hurt me at one point but she was with me though thick and thin. She even helped me have a place to stay because every apartment I tried to get for us rejected me based on what I had done when I was 11. I even had to register till I was 28 for some reason. The police department eventually said it was their fault for making me register for so long but that doesn't give me back the years I struggled. Because of that I will never be able to b a cop and help those in need. I hate that I can't contribute to society and that my dreams were dead before I ever got a chance to chase them. I have lost everything and I don't see the point of moving forward. Maybe I am just a pervert. I had such a good heart and kind soul. I'm just wondering how I'm going to do it. I don't want to live anymore. I've done the best I can to show everyone I wasn't a freak. I'm tired of being alone and miserable everyday with no hope. I just want to die. 