Feel like I deserve to dieI'm a long time lurker that has created a Reddit throwaway account, this is my first post but I wanted to reach out to a community that may have some understanding. Sorry in advance for the wall of text...

I'm in my late 20s and feel like I deserve to die. I have been depressed since I can remember, my father was an emotionally abusive alcoholic and my mother cold and distant, I believe she has an undiagnosed mood disorder. My early life was full of trauma and I was constantly put down and told how shitty I was by my parents. In school I wasn't popular and was bullied for being weird, shy and ugly. My grades were decent but I was always told by my mother that I should be kept behind a grade as I was so stupid. I began compulsive lying around the age of 9, I would lie to my teachers about why I didn't do my homework and lie to my friends about random things to make my life seem more exciting, this is something I continue to do today on a much larger scale.

As a teenager I struggled badly with social anxiety and found it hard to regulate my emotions, I would cry over everything and start constant arguments with my friends and boyfriend. I felt like everyone hated me and were doing things to hurt me intentionally, again something I continue to believe today.

At university I became a depressed recluse in my first year, I would sleep all day and spend the whole night awake searching the internet or playing WoW while drinking energy drinks and smoking cigarettes. I found socialising exhausting and terrifying. 

I moved abroad in my early 20s in a desperate attempt to find a new life as I felt the reason I was so depressed and unmotivated was because I hated my home country. I moved completely alone and spent a good part of my first year as pretty much a recluse getting fired from every job I managed to get because of my depressed shitty attitude. I moved to a new city after that and met my partner who I live with and have been with for a few years. He's the only positive thing in my life. I have none of my own friends in the new city except for my partner as I push anyone away with my attitude and always feel like people are trying to spite me. I am somewhat friendly with a group of his friends but we are not overly close.

My most recent job I was at for two years before recently getting fired, I made one close friend there who told me he considered me one of his 'best friends', we went out for drinks together and spoke a lot about our personal lives. I genuinely trusted him which turned out to be a huge mistake. The environment at the company was incredibly toxic and he agreed with me on that, I made the unfortunate mistake of criticizing our boss during what I thought were chats as friends, as he did the same thing, difference is, is that he is a bit of a ladder climber and always told her everything I said about her over the 2 years. I know now that this created the difficult environment. My boss and co-worker conspired together to find a replacement for my role and I was fired without warning. I deserved to get fired as my performance sucked and I left a lot of things unfinished which they wouldn't have noticed until I was fired, this me awake at night as that's the only thing I can say for myself after two years. I believe my co-worker and former boss are trying to jeopardize any attempt at getting a new job and trying to smear my name. While I was employed with the company, a new job opportunity came up with my co-workers old company that I wanted to take. My co-worker said he put in a good word for me and would help me with the process. I believe this was now a set up and that he talked badly about me to the prospective employer to screw me over. I'm having a lot of trouble processing that a 2 year friendship was all lies and feel so embarrassed that I trusted him.

When I got fired, I started taking anti-depressants in a final attempt to 'get better' and pull my life together. Over the last few weeks, I've just felt that I deserve to die. I can't keep a job because of my shitty attitude and digestive / anxiety issues, I compulsively lie to get out of trouble / seem more interesting and exaggerate my illness because I can't face the day. Everyone I meet seems to hate me and I have no real friends, I wasn't able to make a success out of my education because my attitude and view on life is so dark and shitty. My partner is successful and charismatic and I feel like he deserves so much better. I don't feel like I can tell him how I feel as he would leave me and he's the only light I have in my life. I had all the opportunities in life to succeed, but I ruin everything with my lying and bad attitude. I'm a genuinely flawed person that causes hurt and destruction wherever I go and feel like I should just find the courage to die, but I'm too much of a pussy to do it.