My only goodbye note.Hello, everyone. Recently, I've found it very hard to not think about suicide. I have had depression, sleeping disorders, and many suicidal thoughts for 6 years now. I am now 17, and all I do is sit in my empty room almost every day, no family except a father who is rarely ever here, no pets that would provide any entertainment from the loneliness, nothing. But even if I were to see my family again, I have lost the ability to have a normal conversation, all I do is yell, even if I'm not mad, I just tell them to go away. It's hard to say, but I have felt so down this last week than I have my entire life, and that's saying something because I've attempted before, but right now I have not made any actions, because it's different this time. This time, I've felt so empty and void of feelings, and sometimes even of consciousness, because I would usually just sleep all the time, trying to avoid everything else, but I can't do that anymore. It doesn't work. I don't even have another viable solution to this, as I don't have friends to talk to anymore, since I can't find myself being nice to people as I used to be, and I would like to get rid of myself so that nobody has to worry or care about me anymore. I have no way of getting a job, every time I walk out of my house or see people I hold back major anxiety and pain because of how hard it is to even do that. It's been three years since I've last shed a tear, but what pushed me to the edge and made this painful week start was the realization that I wouldn't amount to anything in adulthood. Actually, I don't even know how long it's been since this started, I lose track of time a lot because I never leave my room, I just sleep or use my worthless computer to make worthless progress on worthless games. I have no one to talk to who would understand, the only people I would talk to would just call the police and get me arrested for it again. I haven't harmed myself in any way for quite a while, but that's not considerably a good thing because back when I was doing that, I wasn't making a plan to end my life or writing a goodbye story. It's so hard to continue about this thinking that nobody I know will ever see it, but all I want before I leave is for someone to read this, and maybe help someone they know suffering before it's too late, like it is too late to help me. I currently don't have a written plan, but I've been thinking of taking a big jump, or hanging, or hopefully finding a gun, but I want to do it, and soon. Very soon. I can't keep waking up at midnight after sleeping for 12 hours and wondering what I'm gonna do all alone today, and how I'm going to handle every waking hour of my life doing it, even though I can't change myself to do something else even though I want to. The only reason I'm not gone right now is because I'm too scared of what the pain I may experience will be like. But I hope I can soon find the most quick and painless way to make it all end, and I'm trying my hardest to find how to do that. 

EDIT: To add a little bit more before I really leave, For a year now, I've had nobody to rely on. No girlfriend, no family, no friends, nobody to even talk to. It's not like I couldn't go out and get some new friends or date again, but it seems pretty pointless to me now that I can no longer be helped. All people do when you get to know them is cheat on you, or do some fucked up shit behind your back. That's my only experience with other people. Not once have I been able to meet someone and trust them with much. I've also not been able to handle school, let alone going and getting a job. School had always been hell and prison combined for me, and the people in it always sucked too. But anyway, I did find out there is a pretty high train bridge not far from where I live. Hopefully this will work. I might go there tomorrow, maybe in a week, but no longer than that.

If you cared enough to read all of this, thank you. And goodbye.