I tried talking to a friend about how I'm really suicidal right now. They ignored me for over 2+ hours.So recently I've been feeling really down. I have a medical issue that's been plaguing me for the last 4 months which is due to a larger medical condition that I've been diagnosed with. My doctor has prescribed me a medication recently that I have been taking. Unfortunately this medication has not only made my issue worse, but it has given me adverse effects on my mental state. It's increased my depression and anxiety, while also giving me insomnia. This topped with the current COVID-19 issues has made this last month really, really hard.

This morning it felt like it all had come to a head and I just couldn't handle the lack of sleep and emotional roller coaster I had been put on due to these pills. I was very seriously considering ending my life by walking onto a highway and hoping to get run over by a semi. Obviously I didn't, but I had gotten pretty close.

It's  very difficult for me to open up and talk to people about my issues,  but I tried opening up and talking to a friend who lives in another  country. I was talking to them about it very briefly before they went to  bed. I left them a message talking about how serious I was about doing  it and the reasoning why I ended up not doing it. I knew they weren't  going to respond right away which didn't bother me at all. I felt as  though they would respond when they woke up. I hadn't confided in anyone  else save for my partner about my thoughts, so getting a response from  them was important to me.

When I  had noticed they were back online I awaited patiently for their  response. I didn't message them about it because I didn't want to seem  pushy or overbearing in any way. While I was waiting I scrolled through  my discord and was looking at a discord that we are both in. I noticed  that the friend who I had tried talking to about my issues was chatting  away with other people in the general. It had been over two hours since I  noticed they were online, 13 or so hours since I initially sent the  message. I was pretty upset seeing them casually talking about stuff in  our mutual discord, but not responding to my message. It made me feel  like my issues and my feelings didn't matter as much.

I  ended up deleting the message and talking to my partner about it. After  a long talk, my partner ended up sending them a message to remind them  that I had sent them a pretty sensitive message. The friend ended up  responding to me, but I can't help but feel that it's only because my  partner felt the need to intervene and remind them of it.

I  have a response written out for them in a separate word document that I  want to send them, letting them know that I was hurt by their lack of a response, but I can't help but feel I'll come across as an asshole if I send it. I don't want to full on attack them for it, just gently let them know how I felt.