Afghanistan veteranHello everyone,

I'll try and keep this as short and sweet as possible, I don't really know what I'm looking for by posting this. I stumbled across reddit and suicidewatch by accident whilst trying to research suicide notes. I'd like to share with you my story, current situation and my plans for the next day or two.

I'm a 24 year old male from the United Kingdom. I joined the British Army just after my 18th birthday and after 6 months of basic training I moved to Germany to join my battalion. I went straight into pre-deployment training and five months later I deployed to Helmand province, Afghanistan. The tour start to finish was just under seven months, the first three were the worst. I was a pretty sheltered child growing up, and this was my first time in the real world without the safety net of my friends and family. You could say I wasn't really alone as I was in a patrol base with my platoon but any military guys or girls on here will know what its like when you're the new guy. 

In the space of a few weeks we had been ambushed by the Taliban at less than 50 meters from two different directions, incoming rounds literally bounced around my feet and whizzed past my head. A few days later one of the senior guys in the platoon who used to look out for my got blown up by an IED and lost his leg, after he was evacuated back to camp bastion I had to clear a safe path into the blast zone to recover his severed leg and his blood soaked equipment. Just me, a young kid with a metal detector who this time last year hadn't even had his first alcoholic drink and was now clearing through minefields and picking up body parts. More happened, but that's the brunt of it. I spent the next few weeks watching the sunrise in the mornings and genuinely believing I wasn't going to be alive to see it set.

Long story short, I made it out alive. Felt fine for a long time, i guess I just pushed it to the back of my mind. Got my medals, received a commendation from the brigade commander for volunteering to go and retrieve this guys body parts and then moved forward with my career taking part in the security force for the London Olympic Games, went to Kenya and Canada on exercise and went on a promotion course. Needless to say it all rapidly caught up with me a while later and I got very sick very quickly and was taken out of work for two years and treated for post traumatic stress disorder. Been battling a deep depression, anxiety, flashbacks, nightmares and suicidal thoughts everyday since then, gradually getting worse. 

Fast forward to the present I'm out of the army. I'm living on my mothers couch because I've just lost my long term girlfriend who I lived with. She just didn't have the strength to handle me on my down days and honestly I can't blame her. I tried to kill myself a couple of weeks ago by taking a large codeine and lorazepam overdose with a bottle of whiskey. My girlfriend came home and found me and called an ambulance. Got taken to hospital, saw a crisis team and was basically sat at home six hours later. NHS said I wasnt an immediate risk to myself and that if i needed help i had should contact military charities and a self referral therapy scheme. How much of a fucking jokes is that? Just thinking about that again is making my fucking blood boil.

Called a charity called combat stress, they said a nurse would call me in a day or two to triage me and set up a treatment plan. They never did, tried calling back, cant get through, left messages, no one gets back to me.
Tried the self referral therapy thing, seemed really positive at first until i got a phone call back saying they couldn't treat me because my problems were beyond their abilities. 

Everything I own is packed up in my car parked miles away, cant move it because the insurance just ran out and I don't have the money to re insure it. I have nowhere to live, lost my job a little while ago and now I'm left with nothing. Now my girlfriend is gone that's left me past the point of caring. I'm not close to either of my parents and she was the one person left in my life who I could talk to, i don't stay in touch with anyone from the army because just seeing some of their faces is enough to trigger me.

Just finalizing a few things today and tomorrow. Writing the letters to the people that need them, making sure my affairs are in order. I'm past the point of caring or feeling guilty for the people I'm going to leave behind. I know how I want to do it, where and when. I don't cry all day and night anymore, I just feel numb and when I think about where I'll be on Tuesday, and how this will all be over it gives me peace and a little bit of happiness. I don't care that I'll just be another ptsd statistic, i don't care about the emotions of the people I'll be leaving behind because really who do i have? I gave the best and youngest years of my life to the army, and they have given me nothing in return apart from ruining my life. I've given the last of my energy and happiness to my girlfriend and I just have nothing left in the barrel.