Tonight a 16 year old will end his life and he's me.Tonight, I will kill myself. Probably hanging. 

For the past 2 years, I have been incredibly depressed with myself going through phases of happiness that last a day or so and then I feel depressed again for like a week. 
I think I am fat, ugly, stupid etc. I could go on for a while but I dont care anymore. 
I am approaching one of the most stressful parts of my life- my Gcses- and I recieve no support from my parents. All I get is negative reinforcement and it makes me feel shit about myself. My sister constantly tells me how much she hates me and she's not even 6.
I am apart of a friendship group in school but despite this I dont feel like I am friends to any of them. None of them talk to me outside of school and it always feels like i am tagging along. If I had to talk about how many times they have fucked me over I would be here all night. They always make little snipe comments at my life. They gave me trust issues, their lives would be better without me and I feel like I will never be liked.
I have one friend that i talk to about how I feel. She knows that I feel depressed and suicidal. I feel like I put too much on her but I can not stop needing someone to talk to. If I kill myself then she won't have me as a problem. 
I told my english teacher about how I feel. She was lovely and understood the situation but I feel guilty that I didn't tell her the whole truth like my parents or the suicidal feelings. She then arranged a meeting with the school counseler for me. She's great aswell but she's more focused on a future problem rather than the present. I feel like they don't really care and I am a noucence.
I've had a horrible love life. My first relationship was like year 4 and I didn't understand it fully but I am still partially bullied for it. My second lasted 2 weeks and then she broke up with me and tried to cheat on me with my friend at the time. I asked 2 other girls out and got rejections. My "friends" tease me about this. Now whenever I talk to a girl they think I just want to be in them. I hate this. I feel like O will never find love 
I feel like a bad person and the only think that has made me last is my voice of reason. But over the last couple of days something snapped and that voice is gone. I'm going to kill myself. Today hasn't even been a bad day at school just the wrong things happened at the wrong time. More snipe comments than usual and I said to my english teacher that I really needed to talk to her badly(I was going to tell her that I feel suicidal) and she told me to come at dinner time. But when I got there, she wasn't there. Afterschool I had to finish some coursework and and she stopped looked into the classroom at me and didn't say anything. Maybe if she said something like "Are you okay?" tonight may be different. 
If you have read this, thank you. I needed to get this off my chest before I die. You can try and change me mind if you want but I am 99.9% sure I'm going through with this. The pain is too much.
