What's the point if you can't even think of a reason to stay
I don't know why my head has started to think this now of all times but here we go. 

I started thinking that ya know... with everything thats happened to me, wtf is the point anymore? Is it even bad? 

I don't serve a purpose in life honestly. I'm not important and I certainly don't and haven't had a great impact on anyone here. 
Im not really the smartest so there's nothing I can do there. 
My life hasn't been good and has only been filled of trauma, sadness. endless nights of loneliness, being trapped, no love (mainly physically, ex: hugs) the past, PTSD, self harm, and more. 
I've already tortured myself and my body to breaking points and so have other people. 
My only purpose in life has been to please others if that's sexually or emotionally and thats all its ever been since I was 13.
Suicide is not too bad the more I think about my life and how's it's been but then again, I don't have anymore memories of happiness from my past to help me as I've forgotten them all. 

**Lil thoughts that don't help: **

I started thinking more and wondering if I'll ever be able to get out of this house too but due to my mom and brother that seem unlikely. I've never spent more then 10 minutes outside. I've never been able to walk along the street to release some stress. I've never been able to just sit outside due to her not letting me because we live in the middle of nowhere. 

I wouldn't mind help and honestly I had a plan to do so once I get a job and a car but hell, I don't even know when thats coming. 

I tried therapy once but my mom was ALWAYS in the fucking room and sometimes even talked for me as if she knew what I was going through. I don't care if she meant it out of good will, it was awful and did nothing but hurt me more. So the thought of therapy makes me ill

This is the third day I've thought about all of this now and I've already started self harming a bit. Wonder what I'll do next. 

I'm not fucking happy, not in the slightest. I don't take my meds, I don't have help, I don't have someone who is here with me, I don't have anyone who understands to help... I don't have fucking anything. God dammit. 

I'm sorry, have a good night everyone.