Not suicidal, but am an extremely depressed college kid with no motivation.I am a junior in college. My college works on a quarter system, so my third term ends this month. First term, I received a D in once course and a C in three others, which gave me a 2.3 term GPA. I got an F, an A and a C in my second quarter this year. I have a low gpa, and am on the verge of academic probation. I've also almost completely destroyed any chance of transferring to another school.

Since I started my third year, and especially since I started this most recent term, I've become more and more depressed. I stay up until all hours of the night obsessing over past mistakes, my terrible present situation. I made friends in my first year, but they either graduated, died, or transferred. Those who are still attending or alive are too busy to hang out with me. I tried rushing some fraternities, but I got cut due to low GPA requirements \(they did tell me to come back once I got my grades up and I hit it off well with many guys\).

I have no job \(lack of motivation and got rejected\). I am nearly 21 and I never had a girlfriend either, and every girl I talk to is uninterested in me or has a boyfriend. Being socially awkward is NOT helpful either.

I have no motivation whatsoever to get my work done. I don't even read my textbooks, if I buy them at all. I'll stay up late staring at a blank Word document when it comes time to write a paper, and I'll never even type a single word. I want to do well, but I can't. I know I should read my books, I know I should study, I know exactly what I should do, yet not only do I not do it, it feels like I CAN'T do it. I know that I can; I did very well during my first year, after all. It's even more frustrating because I can't find anyone who understands what this feels like. Many people say they procrastinate but they still succeed.

College counselors have been unhelpful to me.

I'm not even sure I want to be in college. But I have no idea what else I'd do. I tried out for the Marines but was too unfit to continue going into boot camp. Plus, my parents wouldn't allow me to do anything but continue in college. They always tell me to get good grades, but can't help me with my social awkwardness or my lack of dating life.

That's why I can't withdraw from a term, take a leave of absence, or drop out. My only option is to transfer and hope for the best. And I'd need somewhere to transfer to; my recent academic performance makes that quite difficult.

Summary: I'm failing classes, losing scholarship money, depressed, unmotivated, and I have very few friends and no girlfriend. What should I do?