Another person in my family committed suicide todayI’m terrified because I’m going to end up like my grandma who killed herself today and my uncle (6 years ago). Bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, alcoholism, and drug addiction run in both sides of my family. I’m 19, but I’ve been deep in it for years, the schizophrenia only the past year. Every single day is revolved around making sure there’s not a minute I’m sober and doing literally anything to make sure I don’t run out of a substance. I can’t connect with my mom or sister anymore. She’s 30 years clean and my sister is.. just so normal. And I mean that in the best way possible. 

I’ve been preparing for my death by writing notes, cleaning things up, finding the best way, etc. Then I got the call today. My mom had a horrific childhood and we loved my grandma, but nobody liked her. Everyone stopped caring if that makes sense. My mom especially. So to hear her so torn apart by her death, absolutely shattered me. I know I’m selfish and fucked in the head, but I feel so trapped. I cannot do that my mom and sister, they’re the only reason I haven’t done it yet. I’ve been in psych wards, consistently took meds, went to rehab after my last suicide attempt in December, therapy since 5 because of sexual abuse by a family member, everything. I’ve tried so hard but no matter what, all these things creep up on me and the only way to not just say fuck it and do it is to stay inebriated. I can’t handle the pain anymore. I’m weak. 

I was a 14 y/o prostituting myself to get weed which lead to harder things over time. By the time I was 16 I’d been with over 200 men and I’m not even attracted males. I’m just a body to be inside. It’s all I know. I’m also transgender FTM and think I regret hormones and surgery at 14/15. Idk anymore. I feel like my body is mutilated for many reasons. I’m tired. I hate being so fucking selfish but when I’m sober too long or the meds aren’t working, I will kill myself. It’s so much I can’t explain. This is what they went through, I am following their paths to T. The only difference is I tried to get help before. It was pointless.  We’re going out of state tomorrow for at least a week to take care of everything with my grandma. I’m freaking out because I’ll have to be sober and i haven’t been for even a day in months. I hate myself for thinking like that but the nature of the trip on top of knowing the mood swings will start, voices come back, withdraws, etc is so much. I’m almost angry i have to go. I’m disgusting. 

I know this was all over the place but I have no one to tell so I needed to get it out. I’m stuck here. It’s basically a slow suicide with how much I use but I am so fucked. I have no idea what to do anymore.