I'm torn. But in need of advice.Extremely Long post. I was in therapy during my 3rd yr of college briefly but didn't take it seriously even though I knew I had been feeling "off" since 15. By off I mean, emptiness, mild maladaptive daydreaming, anxiety. Now I wish I had put in more positive energy. I took last semester off even though I had only 1.5 yrs to go. I felt I didn't have it in me for that final lunge. Sometimes, however, I wonder if I simply caved to my therapist and older sister. Moved back home to tackle personal issues but wound up working a minimum wage job.  Was in a not so serious relationship that ended last month, hurt mostly because it was with a long time friend. Tried to reconnect with other hs friends within the first months of coming home but found myself spending a lot of time alone, escaping through music and sleep. Developed and tried twice to rid myself of scabies. Instead of reaching out to my family, I slipped back into the habit of bottling up my emotions and issues. I let things continue this way for 4 months. My anxiety and depressing thoughts kept me secured to what I perceived as a comfortable world in my head. I was hoping to become more independent of my parents in a lot of ways but felt myself being pulled in different directions by money, time, and energy. I felt (feel) I have lost the will to go on. As if I had led myself on with false hope and intentions. I see what people believe is in store later in life for me but I don't feel the desire or want to have those things. 

I tried to OD last week for the first time ever, my first thoughts date back to Nov 2014. Was found within an hour or two and taken to the ER. Stayed there until late in the evening. Escorted upstairs to the inpatient center. Sat in the waiting room until 5am to be admitted. Discharged the next day. I had a follow up appointment scheduled two days after my discharged but did not go because I still wasn't sure what triggered my attempt. Is it possible I'm numbing myself to the full extent of my pain? Over college, work, the breakup, long standing family issues? How can I not possibly know this for a certainty! 

I am open to therapy (but not medication unless as a last resort, I don't trust myself) but have no insurance and would need to apply for medicaid, but in the meantime I worry I won't have the resolve to wait, to get better. My family can't baby me all the time; it puts stress on both of us and I have to return to work soon. I've started making plans again (college, drivers license, going back to work) but I also keep making plans for another attempt (combining methods). I'm pouring myself into both choices. A major part of me is delaying another attempt to plan one that will be successful. One that at the very very least will not be a financial burden to my family. I know they will be hurting later, and that I am hurting now by not being able to promise them that I WILL get better. I can't promise that. If I don't get professional help, I fear I'll start to hate life completely. By advice, I guess what I really wish for are kind words to keep me going until I make an appointment this week.