I've posted before, gotten better, but now I'm back to the bottom.Really don't want to through all the details. It'll take an entire year to write it all out.

TLDR I'm not doing so well right now. My marriage is failing and I'm not sure what to do. I've been to a psychiatrist, therapists, counselors, psychologists, friends, family, and they all say that I should give the marriage another chance and if not then I can always divorce. A part of me thinks that I can be much happier if I divorce but I'm feeling like that might not be the best idea.

I'm about to lose my job. I'm very stressed about it and I have a potential interview coming up but I'm too busy thinking about other things like my marriage. If I don't get this job, and then fail the interview, then I'll be screwed.

Last, I lost a good friend. We used to talk and text a lot and then all of a sudden nothing. She won't tell me why and "wants space." We work together so every day i have to see her and some days she'll smile and talk to me and other days she won't even make eye contact. It's really driving me on a roller coaster and I don't think I can take it anymore.

So I'm at home, feel like shit with a broken marriage. I go to work, might lose the job and have a coworker that I have to look at everyday and be reminded of good times that I can never get back.

The only time I find peace is when I'm asleep and I never want to wake up anymore. My friends and family are supportive of me but at the end of the day I don't think that's enough to keep me going. I feel like if I kill myself right now, I'll only let them down one last time. And eventually everyone will realize how terrible of a person I was anyway so why bother grieving about me?

To all the redditors that have been trying to help me: thank you for your time but I cannot find it in myself to go on anymore. I can't see how a person like me can ever be happy. I think I'm way too sensitive and "kind hearted" as people have told me, but at the end I don't know how to deal with negative emotions.

To all the redditors that I've been talking to and trying to help them out: I'm sorry I have failed you. I'm trying my best but I think we're all in dark places together and I'm sorry I couldn't help pull you out.