I could really use your input guys.. [long post]I'm on mobile so apologies if the formatting is off.

I've been lurking here for quite some time and based on the remarkable support and responses that I read here I wanted to share my own story. I'll try to keep it as short as possible.

I've had quite a history when it comes to suicidal thoughts. Ever since I was in elementary school I shocked my teacher and my friends by mentioning I wanted to die. I proudly made a wallpaper with paint where r.i.p. was written over my poorly drawn tombstones along with several poorly drawn skulls.  Where this came from I have no idea. But reading this back makes me realise how fucked up I was and how awful this must've been for my parents to discover.

I was generally happy as a kid. A great family that tried their hardest to maintain the relationship between all members. My dad was very strict and often gave me a can of whoop ass whenever I was an annoying brat. Which was quite often. In hindsight I realised that this could have been because I was the the oldest and my dad, who was a stay-at-home-dad who only worked on Thursdays, had to deal a lot with me. My mom worked full time and was only home in the evenings and the weekends.

As I grew older (age 15 till 18-ish) I started to create as much distance between me and my family as possible. Happy family moments when I was forced to go with them to a theme park or out to dinner made me cringe. Happy feelings made cringe and uncomfortable as though I convinced myself that nice times with a loving family is bad. Why? No clue. Every other normal human being realises that once your loving mother or father wants to do something nice specially for YOU, it's nice and should be embraced. In my case I got angry. Not furious but just agitated and I made my parents feel like shit whenever they tried doing something nice for me.

To reiterate, there was no abuse or domestic violence at play that would turn me against my parents. Every since I was a kid up to and including my adolescence stage I've been rejecting love, compassion, and my interest to commit suicide at some point grew.

Needless to say, my parents were extremely worried about me and I've been to three different therapists. Twice when I was 13 (I think) at different therapists and the 3rd time I went by my own admission as I felt something was terribly wrong. I was sad, depressed, and didn't enjoy much in life. The 3rd time was group therapy (sitting in a circle) and at some point I felt that it was time for me to stop.

I finally felt happy!

I entered a new stage in my life where I went to college and met a handful of friends. The benefit of being a smoker I suppose since socialising has been fairly easy. I could even say that with or without cigarette I was quite a social creature. I also didn't think much about death anymore as this was all new for me and I met new friends. I was optimistic.

The problems however began again when me and my new friends started to hang out and smoked way too much weed (I was 17 and this was in the Netherlands) even during classes. The last 3 years out of four were a complete haze and I'm still surprised I managed to graduate.

At the end of the fourth year the panicking started. I got older and the "adult world" is very close. And because of all the fucking about and the lessons my parents tried to teach me which I rejected instantaneously I felt extremely unprepared.

After the summer holiday I decided to pursue a business study completely in English as a university which was, in hindsight, almost too difficult for me yet I managed to graduate. These 5 years have been absolutely hell due to the insane study load and my work in the weekend combined with still smoking weed. Less, but still. I lost contact with my previous friends.

The suicidal thoughts came back but I thought by myself "Cid, you're older now (23) and you know what counts. Graduating and reeling in that piece of paper". What helped me suppress these thoughts was the 3rd year where I went on my Erasmus exchange to Krakow, Poland with two other Dutch guys. It was fantastic. The university there was much easier, I had more time to relax, and enjoyed the beautiful city each and every day. 

I felt truly happy again. Happier than ever before I daresay.

During this exchange I met a beautiful girl as well. We'll call her T. T and I started dating and had an amazing time during the last 2 months of my Erasmus. She came from Ukraine and moved to Poland and lives there for more than 10 years which gave her the advantage that she spoke 4 languages already and she was studying to learn another language.

After my Erasmus ended and the necessary tears wear shed I went back to NL and we decided to maintain a long distance relationship. Which was tough, but doable and she made me extremely happy. Lucky for me my university made it obligatory to be abroad for at least a full year. Joy!

Half a year Erasmus and half a year at an internship which allowed me to go back to Krakow and see my love. We started to live together and my internship went well. I graduated from uni and the company offered me a job. "Great!" I thought since my whole life I've been trying to create a distance between me and my family anyway, moving to a country where I don't (and still don't) speak the language and leaving my whole family behind in NL will not be a problem!

Fast forward into the future (I'm 26 now) - I broke up with T after 3,5 years in which we physically fought, I got locked out by her on multiple occasions because I was home late from a conference and didn't let her know, we literally spit on each other, I've been attacked by her when she was holding scissors leaving [a scar](https://i.imgur.com/LtAzbYA.jpg) on my shoulder, and have been called a fucking idiot for the tiniest things I did wrong. 

I've been an awful human being as well as I got very very drunk one night, came home and was verbally aggressive and punched her in the shoulder. A decision I rightfully regret each and every day probably for the rest of my life. I drank so much simply to escape from the stress she caused me while I had to work 40 hours a week and write my thesis. I paid for everything since she was just a student and she made me feel that it was never enough and she didn't appreciate it.

Aside from these awful events, I want to make it clear that she innately is a wonderful person, who takes the destruction of our climate very close to her heart, loves animals, put new socks on my bed when she found out I had a hole in one of mine, made my birthdays count, takes care of her little brother, and cooked almost every day. The list goes on but you get the gist of it. She was amazing and still is.

The reason why we broke up was of course because of the toxicity in our relationship and the fact I don't want kids in the future and she does. Something I didn't expect to be a problem at the beginning of our relationship but I should've known better. A breakup seemed the best solution and thus it happened.

Guys, what was supposed to be perfect; Being in a country I learned to love, with an amazing girlfriend, having a job that I really like, whilst living in a beautiful apartment and buying our (it was her birthday gift) [adorable parrot](https://i.imgur.com/V0D9y0J.jpg) and re-establishing my relationship with my family backfired like crazy.

I'll sum up my 2018:

* Lost my job as the company went bankrupt
* Lost my girlfriend
* Therefore, I lost the parrot,
* Almost lost the apartment (we were renting)

The situation now is as follows. I've been to the Netherlands to see my family in the last 2 weeks of December and when I got back she went, the same day, to see her family in Finland and I have no idea when she's back. Before I went to NL we managed to put the rent contract on my name but all her stuff is still here. She did say that she's going to move out this month.

As I had to make a choice, go back to the Netherlands where I had nothing anymore - bad relationship with parents, no job, and all my friends have moved on living their own lives in different cities OR stay in Krakow open my own company (which I did) and work together with my now business partner and former manager on a B2B basis. I chose the latter.

Running a business is no small feat which causes stress, money comes in slowly (delayed payments, thank you [clients]) which causes financial stress, I am going to be completely alone which causes loneliness and I don't speak the language (yet), I have only 2 friends who both drink and blaze way too much making me not want to hangout with them too much, my grandma is getting older and I'm afraid she'll pass away soon, I regret all the awful things I did during our relationship which causes guilt, and losing such a wonderful girl despite her wrongdoings (many of them caused by me by driving her nuts by being sad and grumpy the whole time) causes my heart to ache and my will to live to disappear even more.

The combination of all these things makes me want take my own life every single fucking day. And I'm inclined to just find a gun range here and get it done. My life is a fucking mess and I lost everything that made me happy. 

I'm completely lost as to what to do, I don't sleep well AT ALL, and I can't eat. For the last couple of days I've been crying hysterically the moment I'm home when I see the lovable parrot in my apartment who has no idea what's going on. And I'm going to lose the little fella as well as T.

How, please tell me, HOW is living still worth it. I feel like a huge dick  as I'm aware that so many other people have it so much worse. I'm just desperately searching for a reason to continue my life because deep down I know suicide isn't the solution. But for now it seems like it's the only solution.

Sorry for the long post and to all of you who are suffering too, my heart is with you and I hope you'll recover from whatever hell it is you're going through right now.