Attempted again, failed againI got into this case study for treatment resistant depression. I worked hard to get everything set up and no one was given a placebo, everyone was given a different type of proven medication (it was to see how people responded when moving from my specific former med).

Everything was great for a week. I had interest in things I hadn't liked in a literal decade. I felt passionate again. I could do things. It wasn't a cure all - still had an urge to not do chores. But once I started, I could go with no problem. Then week 2 came around and I got in this fight with a friend that resulted in a realization that my life situation was going to change soon in a big way. I couldn't handle it. I tried contacting someone, someone who had promised that if I had these feelings I should contact them. They didn't answer, they were out. I tried calling my estranged sister and got a voicemail. I texted my parents with how bad everything was. They told me I could move back in and it just made me feel worse. We've never understood one another - and I'm fairly sure they love me but don't like me. 

So I went to the store and purchased one item. I told myself if the clerk notices, I'll rethink it. I kept saying little things like that. If the friend calls me back. If this person notices. If someone texts me. If I see any sign at all. 

Nothing. So I went home and tried. I specifically looked up how to do it in a way where you were passed out 1 minute in, then gravity took care of the rest. I was dumb for thinking I could accomplish it. A brand new bruise blooming, I called my dad and told him what happened. He didn't know about my other 2 attempts and he told me to get off the case study. I did. He didn't call me back or text me to see how I was for almost a month and even then it was just a text. I told my boss what had happened, because I needed time off. It was stupid of me but everyone at work knows I'm a basket case so I got 2 days off. 

I went back on my old meds. I don't feel as bad, but I still hate that I had one week. One week out of ten years where I didn't hate myself and everything about me. I want to quit my job and go off my meds for good. At least then I might get bad enough to actually do it well, in a foolproof way. My friends wouldn't miss me. And no one who claims they'll help ever has. Every person who posts that you can always talk to them? I have 3 people now who cut me out of their lives entirely when I admitted that I was feeling this way. They're those kinds of people. No one really knows how they'll respond to this sort of situation. I think they want to believe they could handle it when they almost never can. 

I'm staying in bed for the time being. My roommate is gone. Has been for 2 days going on 3 with minimal contact. This is a person who, you couldn't pay her to stop texting me. I failed college because I cared more about hanging out with them than about studying. And now I have no other real friends. And I'm alone. And I'm going to have to move back in with my parents and they have a hefty gun collection. I've avoided staying there for just that reason. If I could wish myself to be someone who was worth something, I would in a second. There's literally nothing good about me. I'm a failure at work, at school, at relationships and friendships. I'm just really tired.