I don't care about anythingI'm not sure if this sounds melodramatic, but I've never spoken to anyone about any of my issues and just feel like it might help me a little bit.

I don't care about anything involving me. I have capacity to care about things like my dog, some of my family members and the overall well-being of people, i.e. if someone is getting hurt, I care and I want to help. But I don't care about myself. I don't care what happens to me, I don't care if I fail my exams (I'm so depressed I can't focus on studying anyway), I don't care. 

I'm 21 years old, still living with parents I don't get along with in a country I hate and studying for a degree I'm pretty sure is useless. I don't really have any talents, I used to love to read but I can't concentrate anymore. I hate it here so much that if I'm still here in 5 years I'll probably kill myself. I cannot imagine a future where I'm happy, where I have a good job and family far away from where I am now, although deep down that is what I want in life. I'm sure it's impossible so I'd rather just die now so I don't have to be in pain unnecessarily. I'm not sure if I'm brave enough to kill myself but I do wish someone else did it, like a car knocked me over and I died. I've felt a version of this since I was about 14 but it's gotten worse and worse ever since I graduated high school. 

I see everyone around me doing things, getting work experience and jobs and getting into relationships (I'm gay in a country where I can't get married or have kids and the LGBT scene is nonexistent so I guess this contributes to my situation too) but I just don't care about anything. 

I was very intelligent at school. Looking back at my early education I'd go as far to say that I was a child genius. My teachers had no idea what to do with me and didn't really care so I got punished frequently. I graduated high school with perfect results all while spending most of my time educating my classmates in physics, chemistry and math whenever they didn't understand something. I have zero friends from high school, I have some in university but I don't really like them, I just hang out with them because that's what normal people do and it's what's expected of me. I've never met anyone who understood me.

I have nobody in my life to talk to, I'm not in a place where I could access therapy and I don't have money for online therapy and I just really don't care anymore. I don't have the energy and motivation to go on.

If you've read this far, thank you for your time.