I’d be just another “Gun Control” statisticI had the gun loaded and against my head. I kept repeating every negative thought about my life, my failures, worthlessness, and how people would be better without me. I was in a lot of emotional pain and ready to go through with it.

It wasn’t the thought about “there’s so much to live for” or “you can get through this”, or even thinking about loved ones, that stopped me. If was the fact that once my body was found, there would probably be a news story about another death by gun and how guns in the home are a danger.

If there wasn’t a news story, then at least that’s probably what everyone would be taking about, how guns in the home are to blame and how there should be more gun control. My death would just be another stat to support a cause I didn’t agree with. 

A month later, after trying to cope with my depression and considering other options to take my own life, I told my wife what happened. She freaked out and accused me of not loving my family  (if I really loved them I wouldn’t have even considered it an option). She got on the phone and told EVERYONE on my side of the family and hers and then suddenly I was getting endless phone calls and texts messages about how everyone loved me. This made me feel even worse.

It’s been a couple months since then and I’m still struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts. It’s been a trial for me since I was a teenager. I’m in therapy now and on antidepressants but the thought is always there. The guns are no longer in my possession and I don’t have access to them, but I’ve been considering other ways to go through with suicide.

I don’t feel like sharing any of my thoughts or struggles with my wife because of her reaction last time. And because of this, she claims that I don’t communicate enough. I don’t have any friends or family that I feel comfortable enough to confide in either. This is a struggle and a fight that I’m afraid I will lose.

I’m not looking for support or suggestions, just venting my thoughts and my story. Perhaps someone else has gone through something similar.