Thought I'd give this a chance. Hello, maybe some of you can help.Been depressed about 7 years now, it started when I was 13 (nothing new I know). But even before that as a kid I felt inferior, or average in everything. I didn't let it get me down at first, my ADHD as a kid had me hyper, but cheerful for the first 8 years of my life. When I was 9 though is when it started going downhill, and I got the first real taste of reality. I used to hang with a group of about 6 friends, until one of my friend's mother decided I was a too wild, she somehow got all the other moms to talk to mine and say they didn't want me hanging with their kids. I still look back today thinking "Did I do something really wrong?" And that's when I saw friendship as something not as strong as I thought. I've had friends come, and go since but not one true friend in my life thus far. In middle school is where the depression began, but it really picked up at the end of 8th grade. That spring my doctor told me my medicine had been affecting my growth, and has withheld my puberty some. So that summer I stopped taking medicine under his direction. I went from about 120lbs to 160lbs over that summer. When I came back I was confident I thought I had grown (though my penis still hadn't). It took two weeks for me to start this extreme spiral that leaves me where I am today. A kid I was semi-friendly with got mad at me during swimming class over just being competitive, and he said "Fuckin' loser, you go from skinny to chubby within several months. Do you know how to just be a normal weight?" I slowly started withdrawing from life after that, and some other shit I dealt with from several other kids (some of whom I thought I was starting to build a friendship with). So the severe depression began, all through high school where I barely socialized and pretty much did no work. I didn't fail out though, my test grades weren't that bad in most classes. I ended up getting into a mediocre college, but after a month on my own I stopped attending classes. So I got kicked out, my Dad was a lot more understanding than I thought he would. My mom, well she's an alcoholic and has been causing the whole family stress, and leaving whenever she wants for weeks at end. (for about 2 years now she's been doing this, so around the summer before my freshman year of college). This year my Dad made me register for a local community college, I did but never attended one class. He found out the first semester got really mad, and had me promise I would stop lying to him. I swore, but I'm still the same coward I've always been. The second semester started in January, and I didn't attend one class. This time though I hid it from my Dad a lot better, the semester ended about a week ago. My dad thinks I actually finished my first college semester finally, but I'm still lying to him. So now this is where I am in life. On about my 5th year of contemplating the thought of suicide almost everyday, but obviously I'm too much of a coward to do it (plus I just feel like it would break my Dad, Mom too I guess and really hurt my two siblings). But like I've thought a million times before "I FUCKING DIDN'T ASK TO BE BORN, THE TRUTH IS I DON'T WANT SUICIDE BUT I ALSO DON'T WANT TO LIVE" I just want quiet, I just want peace of mind. I hate humans, I hate what we are, I hate that we are a parasite, and earth is our host. I hate the countless bad traits, urges, and thoughts people have. I know in my heart I'm not a bad person, and my core isn't rotten. BUT I STILL GET SICK THOUGHTS THOUGH (cuz I'm a human who's been exposed to countless horrible things both in reality but also mostly the internet). Truth is I'm just a young man who's a little over 300lbs now, average or below in everything even mundane things like games, with a dick that's not even 4 inches hard, with no future to look further to. Maybe I'd be hopeful if it was 1980 or something but this world's future now isn't reassuring. I feel like one day, the incessant thoughts of inadequacy, and lack of any passion towards anything whatsoever will cause me to just go insane and do it. But for now I just wait, watching others live while I either end it soon or do it the long way and eat until I get a heart attack at 40 something.