1 Year in Quarantinei was laid off about a year ago and fell into a depressive state. the job i was supposed to start up is now pushed until june. the pst year i sat inside and slept i haven't seen any friends i have been buying xanax and adderall and taking them randomly. i just turned 26 last week. i never reached out anywhere and i don't like talking about my problems but i want to not exist anymore. i told a few friends i was depressed and they either told me i have a good life and shouldn't be sad or they cut me off. the only person i talk to about my problems is my ex and that's because we were together years, and her new bf doesn't feel weird about it (we don't have feelings anymore)

recently been cutting myself all over my arms and my face which was dumb cause i have to make excuses for what i did to myself now. i struggled with a gambling addiction i got over once i ran outta my savings. i currently have no source if income. i don't even know if i'm posting this in the right place and this account is new so i don't think anyone can identify me. but i live back at my dads now and he checks on me everyday because i only stay in bed. i have like 2 friends left man i reach out to those i was telling my problems to but they don't ever respond back. i know they see my messages.

i took the last if the xanax i bought just now and about to go to sleep i don't wanna wake up. i told my dad to keep my stimulus check because i have been living rent free for a few months. my mom is also broke and has a gambling addiction so i gave her my car this month so she can have a way of transportation. if anyone read this i hope everyone has a blessed day and can get over their problems, i think the xanax and addy combo mess with me especially the come downs. i make stupid choices and try to hide from the consequences.
 
death has always beeb my biggest fear everyday since i was a teen i have panic attacks thinking of the afterlife. i have no beliefs and i'm so done with life i'm ready to just pass over.

the only people who would care would be my mom and dad but most importantly my 13 year old brother who looks up to me everyday. it makes me tear up just thinking if i do something stupid and ruin a big part of his life. i wish everyone hated me so it wouldn't be so hard to commit to it.

i'm gonna sleep i been up all night and my body is killing me i don't even know why i wrote this but if i wake up later i'm gonna regret spilling my problems because i like to keep to myself. i really just want out man i don't want to leave anyone in agony but i feel so stuck. i'm sorry for being so negative. i hope everyone has a better day and future than what i feel right now