Shall I be joyous or shall I be damned? (Warning, major long read ahead)  In the interest that the continuation of my life is pretty much up in the air over the next couple of weeks, I've decided to get the whole story out in the open, although I doubt it will do much to help.  I've never been diagnosed with anything, but I'm self aware enough to know when something is fundamentally wrong, and depression seems like the best fit.  Anyway, ever since I had a complete emotional meltdown during basic training for the US Army and was sent home on a general discharge, I haven't been able to pull myself together with the same zeal I had when I was younger.  Those of you who have been through basic successfully will undoubtedly know someone like me that had everything going for them (and the training isn't actually that hard) but for whatever reason just snapped.  My family supported me well enough and the world kept on turning; I brushed the incident off and started working/going to college all over again.  Ever since, my job history has been filled with initially hopeful prospects that quickly nosedive into extreme emotional outbursts that cost me my employment.  I spent my breaks at my first job since I returned home crying in the parking lot, I was fired from the next one for punching a bathroom door in a tearful rage that struck me out of nowhere, and the next few were lost due to similar over-reactions that caused me to quit on the spot.  All of this has pretty much ruined any credibility I could have had in a job hunt, as I have a grand total of ONE job that I would (in-theory) be eligible as a rehire, and I had a nervous breakdown that similarly ruined any chances I had at scholastic achievement.  The kicker was I could still brush this off and keep trying; my grandparents owned a fairly successful business so I could live with them (they raised me since my mother abandoned me) and work for them and all would be fine.  Then out of the blue my grandmother died (the day after I had a heated argument brought on by one of my emotional episodes) and, as she controlled most of the business details, our company descended into a chaos it still hasn't wholly recovered from.  Sometime before this I had reconciled with my biological mother and my half sister, so we came together to try and fix things and keep the company running.  Meanwhile, my grandfather (who was normally a pillar of strength and morality) shook us all to the core by immediately hooking up with a 30 year old woman down the street before we even had his wife's ashes.  We were so disgusted and depressed by this turn of events we decided to move to California (by this point I was secretly suicidal for feeling like I contributed to my mother-in-practice's death, so I was willing to try anything to get my life back on track) but still help with the business remotely.  As those of you who live here will probably attest, this was a bad idea.  We had no luck finding jobs at all, not even minimum wage, and next thing I know I'm looking at bank statements and realize my biological mother had stolen $3000 from the business account to pay for our expenses.  Then she and my sister abandoned me here in a half empty house I don't have the rent money to pay for anymore (6 successful months of credit building down the tubes it seems), the business is teetering on the brink, I've alienated my grandfather by associating with them and being pretty unkind to his new slut trophy girl, and here I am wondering just when the fuck everything went all looney tunes.  I had amazing prospects once, I thought the world was mine for sure, now I'm in debt up to my eyeballs, 1000 miles away from anyone I know, about to lose my car, and piss off a great landlord.  Part of me just wants to say fuck it all, let the debt callers come, and indulge the darker side of my emotional outbursts until I'm put down by police or somehow become a super-villain; part of me wants to go crawling back and try to salvage my old life one last time to no real satisfaction; and the last part says to simply take my gun, wander off into the desert, and put an end to this silliness once and for all.  
TLDR:  No job, no degree, massive debt, staring down the business end of a .357 and wondering if I'm pointing it in the right direction.