They got the school involvedI don't know how long this is I'm writing this from art class at school. I don't really know what I should do with myself. My parents don't really want to take me to a doctor, they say there's no way I can be depressed I have too good of a life. 2 weeks ago I kinda had a really bad breakdown and I cut myself from where a t-shirt ends on your arm all the way up to my shoulder and I told my best friend about what I was doing because she keeps telling me that when I do something like that I need to tell her so she can talk to me out of hurting myself more. So I told her and the conversation was very slow, with her only responding like every 20 minutes. Eventually I calmed down enough to go to bed and so the next morning I go to school and it's fairly normal, except at the end of English I get called down to the councelor. She reported me to the school councelor telling them that I self harm and that I'm suicidal. Which I do want to kill myself but that's planned for March I have a long time for things to change. I got called down to the councelor 3 times that week And of course I denied everything to the councelor I don't want the school involved. After I got out of that I found out my friend had a panic attack because I told her and I feel so bad it's all my fault I knew I shouldn't have told her I can't believe I put her through that. I'm a terrible person. Last week and this week I've been wondering about going to the school councelor and just telling them everything to make my friend happy but at the same time I could just move my suicide day closer too. I've taken care of all my loose ends already so I can if I need too. But everyday at school I keep telling my friend today's the day I'm gonna go to the councelor when I know I'm not going and it makes me feel really guilty and I think I'm gonna genuinely go there at somepoint today if the councelor is there. I really just wish I didn't exist, not to die but to just not be a part of anything. thanks for listening, hopefully if I go to the councelor I don't have anything too bad happen.