I have nothing left.i made this account cause my brother knows my other one and i’m afraid to get caught. im a 15yr old boy and i tried to kill myself today. my method was drowning in the tub. i didn’t think it out that well, needless to say. this is the second time i’ve attempted, this time i wrote a note. the first was somewhere in november-december of last year, my grandmother had just passed from cancer and she was the only thing making me hesitate before. i tried to use a pair of scissors but they were too dull to even draw blood, and at that point i was sobbing so hard i just dropped the scissors and curled up on the floor. i’m no longer afraid to die, the only joy i feel is in very short infrequent bursts. nobody in my life has noticed a single thing. my family cares for me, but at this point i’m past giving a shit about how it would affect them. i’m currently in an almost 4 month long relationship which is completely one sided, but i feel as though i am trapped in it because my bf suffers from something and he’s told me that before we got together he was having frequent thoughts of self harm and i don’t wanna put him in that place again. oh yeah and he is quite literally the only friend i have left. all of my other friends either stopped talking to me weeks to months before the pandemic, or my boyfriend (rightfully) convinced me to drop them. i have no one anymore. i constantly put everyone before myself and anytime i try and speak up for myself i’m met with punishment from my parents or whoever it is. both my brothers have depression as well, but i’m the only one who hasn’t been able to go to therapy long term. i went for a couple weeks, and before i was able to open up about my harmful thoughts the therapist talked to my mom, without asking if i was comfortable with that, and said she didn’t think i needed frequent therapy. my mom cut it all together, and that was 3 yrs ago. anytime i bring up my feelings my second oldest brother dismisses it and acts as if i have no idea what i’m talking about, and that he would know the sign since he has it. it’s been 5yrs of being almost numb and idk if i can take anymore. it’s gotten to the point where there is literally nothing stopping me but figuring out how to do it without cutting or hanging myself.