depressed and suicidal (21 female)Nobody cares. I have told a couple people online about my problems in the past but nobody cares. I write a long essay about my life and they only reply with a couple sentences. One time someone asked me "whats wrong" and I wrote 2 pages worth of my problems and all they replied with was "I'm sorry about that." It makes me feel so alone and like nobody cares about me.

I have been fired from 7 jobs and I am only 21. I'm a very incompetent person. I just suck at everything but it's not fair because nobody gives me a chance. I am sure I can be better after a month of working somewhere but I know they don't have the money or patience for that. I usually get fired on the first day of any job. I do my best even though I struggle with social anxiety, depression, self inferiority complex, etc. I am so hopeless right now. I feel like such a failure. 

Everybody else is doing so much better than me. They go to university, are able to hold down a job, socialize, etc. They are so happy and successful. I know nobody's life is perfect but they are doing better than me. I even checked out some peoples facebook page \(who I went to highschool with\) and they are all progressing in life. One of them is a manager, one owns their own business, another married, etc. I am still in the same spot. In my bedroom in my parents house. I got kicked out of university because my grades weren't good. It's fine because I couldn't afford it anyways and I wasn't passionate about it. I had no motivation or interest in it. It makes me feel bad because I am not like other people. Everyone else in class was so bright and sharp. Everyone else "got it" but I was always stuck and it just came so easy for them. On top of that, they were always laughing and talking. I used to be the loner sitting in the corner. I don't fit in with people and have a hard time socializing and making friends. I feel so drained talking to people like all of my energy got sucked away.

Why I got fired:

1st job\- They said I don't fit in with the team and I am not outgoing enough

2nd\- I spilled something

3rd\- They said I wasn't fast enough but I feel like they didn't give me a chance

4th\- They said I was too shy even though I did my best to talk but I guess it wasn't enough for them

5th\- They said I wasn't as fast as the other new girl so they hired her instead of me \(i'm not even slow. I'm more of a steady paced person. I tried my best working fast but I guess I made too many mistakes\)

6th\- They said the team didn't like me because I don't talk to them \(It's really hard for me to open up to people because of my social anxiety\)

7th\- They said I wasn't enthusiastic or outgoing enough \(today\)

The longest job from the above list was for 2 weeks. It makes me sad because they barely give me a chance. I feel like I'm cursed. Nobody has been fired these many times. I can sense a lot of people don't like me. One time I came into work and the co workers were like "oh no she's here" and another person was like "I don't like her." I am very nice and I don't get why people hate me because I am shy and awkward. I am not hurting them. That's a main reason I am fired. People don't like my personality but it's too much energy to pretend to be bubbly and cheerful when I'm not. Maybe I come off as aloof and distant. 

It's so hard getting a job. I literally have to apply to over 40 places before I get a call and I only get a call from one place out of those 40. I guess it's because I don't have experience. Oh yea, and I also got fired today. New record now. 7 places. He told me to find a job somewhere else because I don't fit in here and that I am not a team player. Apparently my co workers were complaining about me behind my back and every tiny mistake I make they tell the manager. This has happened at most of my jobs. I don't know what they have against me. Instead of coming to me and telling me they complain. They are so two faced. People hate me for no reason. I am unemployed again. It's horrible spending your day trapped inside your head. I want to work and make money. It's extremely difficult getting a job and when I do, I get fired within a couple days. I am a useless waste of space and burden on my parents. 

I have other reasons I hate life to but we would be here all day. My main problem is my financial situation right now. It's so unfair and making me really depressed. I don't wanna live life. You need money to survive.