I don't know if I can be an adultI really just don't know anymore. I graduated from college in May which was the worst fucking time to graduate, and I've been living at home since. My loan looming large over me. I have tried and struggled over the course of the last six months to find steady employment but have failed. Full time and part time everyone turns me away. The job economy in my area is one of the worst in the U.S. so you get hundreds of people applying for retail and fast food jobs who are overqualified because they were let go from their normal jobs. I just can't compete. I have a bachelor's degree in English but apparently that's just not enough. 

I have to start paying back my loan this month, and I can't find any work. Even the menial places turn me away or just don't get back to me at all. It doesn't help that there are these damn Indeed quizzes which I've already taken dozens of times. My friend's dad has offered to get me an insurance job at progressive, but I'm so unsure of myself that I don't know if I'll be able to do the job properly. I'm that inadequate. I'm a pathetic piece of shit that doesn't even know how to pump gas properly. I'm a doordash driver and I've made about 250 dollars in just over two weeks, but that's apparently not good enough. And this situation is not getting better. I can't do anything properly without help and I just can't take it anymore. On top of that my anxiety is out of control to the point where I can't interact with people properly and my temper is so bad that I have to hold back from assaulting anyone who raises their voice at me. I don't have any worthwhile or relevant skills that I can be proud of and I have a learning disability that I am profoundly embarrassed and ashamed of. I don't have anything going for me. I don't know if I have the balls to end it because I don't want to hurt my friends or some of my family but goddamn it its hard. I'm not capable of living in society and I can't even end this post properly. Nothing that I ever do is good enough and I don't even think that therapy can fix it. I don't even know why I'm posting this here with all this internet strangers to see I just don't know anymore.