end my painfrustration with life and with others

i have tried for 13 years to give myself something to believe in. like god. i pour my heart into prayer but nothing has happened. i pray for a better life but it just gets worse. i hate my life.  life is pain. nobody loves me. my mom always yells at me as if i am less than human. my classmates make fun of me for not being as smart as they are. i'm now struggling to complete a simple summer school worksheet.  school is pain. my school starts early, ends late, breaks are shorter, school days are longer, summer school exists... i just want it all to end but i know i have to wait 9 more years until its over. i just want it to end.

fury with myself

god, if you do exist, please kill me. i hate my life so much. i'm so tired of living, and tiring myself to death trying to fit the mold of what i am supposed to be.  i know i am very lucky. being born into a rich family, having lots of skills, such as a huge imagination, physical prowice, expert-level writing skills at the age of 8... but i have lots of dreams. i aspired to make a game before i was 14, as well as an animation series. but i never got the chance to learn it. i missed the gap. i wanted people to say things like "you did this when you're just 14? that's amazing!" i know i don't deserve it. i probably deserve the direct opposite. i am a fake person. i do anything for attention. i am naturally dramatic and my emotions are played subconsciously like i'm acting. i then get them to feel bad for me, then i insult them to milk more kindness. its a stupid subconscious thing that started when i was in kinder... never got it out since then. nobody ever helped. all they did was scolded me, which only made it worse. a few instances when i am not dramatic, even for just a second, is when i actually feel an emotion, like when i am doing something i genuinely love, or i am very sad. again. all that, then i get mad at people who have the same mindset as me. god... if you're there, please end my pain. i cant live with myself, my mindset. i just want it all to end. for me to just float in the vast desert of nothingness with not a single thought, not a single pain, nothing. empty forever. hey, at least its better than constant fucking pain lol