Too privileged to commit (long post warning)I really want to kill myself but I don’t think I can, for a couple of reasons. I’m a 16 yr old male student from a big East Coast city who goes to a  really prestigious high school. From the outside my life seems awesome, especially compared to the situations of many others on this sub: I’m financially comfortable, my family is together, I’m considered smart, and I seem destined to have a good life, to say the least. But I don’t picture myself having a future because I hate my life. 

My family has experienced extreme loss in the past two years: my aunt, who was only 52 years old, died last May of cancer, my grandma died right before Christmas from a heart attack, and my grandfather died two days ago from lung cancer. Basically my dad lost his entire family, except his other sister; that might explain why he and my mom have been fighting so often. I’m preparing myself for a divorce, but that’s not the end of it. Yesterday, after my parents had an argument, I got short with my mom and she laid into me. I avoided her the rest of the night, so today my mom seized the opportunity to talk to me. After I apologized she guilted me even more and made me feel bad about myself, she said things like “if you aren’t a kind and compassionate and respectful person like we raised you to be, then I’m just sad for you,” which was pretty hurtful. I know deep down that my family loves me, but I’m really not feeling that right now, and I told my mom I don’t want to talk to her when she asked me something so that’s another thing I’m dreading. 

I dread school. Not only am I struggling academically (it’s an extremely competitive environment and I often stay up till 2 doing homework) but I feel like a social failure. It’s a small school so everyone knows each other, and I feel like I’ve fucked up my entire reputation. Everyone knows I try to fit into friend groups that I don’t belong in, and I just feel like a complete loser and that my friends secretly agree. I feel like I only have one good friend that I actually trust; the rest come and go because I never get close to other people because of my horrible personality. I’m really mean, especially when I try to be funny, and I feel like it’s damaged a lot of my relationships and certainly peoples views of me. I’ve also done a lot of regrettable things in the past that people in my grade whisper about (sexting other students, cringily trying to fit in with the popular kids), compounding my extreme paranoia that people know everything I’ve done and they all hate and laugh at me. My name has also been dragged in the mud by people who started a rumor about me snitching on fellow classmates who were taking drugs and subsequently getting them suspended. 

Sometimes I feel like life is worth living, especially when I’m with my current friend group (even though I know I don’t fit in and they feel kind of uncomfortable when I’m with them), but when I get home something inevitably happens and I go back to being depressed on the Internet. I’ve never seemed treatment for mental health; I don’t even know if I’m actually depressed. I don’t want to get treatment because it will ruin my reputation among my family and schoolmates and also ruin my future, which is why I’ve resorted to posting anonymously on this website. I used to cut myself with pins but a. I have low pain tolerance and b. I was terrified for weeks at a time about people seeing cuts on me. No one really knows how I want to kill myself, so anyone finding out anything would be an absolute disaster. The only thing my family knows is that I cry easily. 

I probably would’ve tried to commit already except that I don’t know how. My family doesn’t own a gun. I’m not old enough to OD and we don’t even have a lot of drugs anyway. I’m against alcohol and drugs and tobacco products too, so I’ve never even touched anything illegal. I wish I had the courage to just stab myself with a kitchen knife but just like everything else within reach at home, I have a low chance of success. I could always jump into the subway but I’m always either not in the mood when I have the chance or I’m too scared that I’ll survive. Side note: anyone know how effective jumping in front of the train is? I feel like one day I’ll have enough courage to do it, hopefully when other ppl aren’t rly around. I guess something else I could do is electrocute myself but that’ll probably go wrong too. I just want a quick painless way out. I know if I had a gun in front of me I’d feel differently but I desperately wish I had that choice. I feel like I’m ready to end it with a bullet to my head; does anyone know how I can obtain a gun? I was raised very sheltered, so I don’t go out by myself and I have a bedtime and my parents track me on my phone and they turn off the Internet after a certain time period. How can I possibly get my hands on a pistol? I feel really guilty because my life seems so great compared to many other people struggling with suicidal thoughts but I’m just so done with life and I don’t think anyone would really care except maybe for one or two of my friends. Everyone else seems to have a great time without me and that I’m actually better off dead. 