Screenwriting Course Scripts and Characters that commit suicide (and other parts of dealing with depression)I've been a little low lately, so this matters to me. I'm long past the days where every moment feels like breathing underwater, so it only hurts a little.

I wrote the outline for my script a year and a half ago, when I was in the worst throws of my depression and was nearly hospitalized. And now, as I am in the class that comes after that basic course, I have to finish the script. I like how the script has grown and changed, and it certainly has a broader scope than the depression that haunted me. 

But today I had to write the little part where the character considers committing suicide. It was like I was seeing myself doing his actions. There is another character that is the voice of depression, and every line I wrote was the ideas that I had in my head. It was like writing down my thoughts, from the past. Too easy to write, which meant I could zoom past it faster, but I could never watch this script come to life. It would be too traumatic. I couldn't let other people  see that too. Especially people who know what its like.

I know it isn't the same, now that I'm much better, but I feel like I could see myself cutting to stop myself from committing suicide, or looking over the edge of a building, sad that I was hesitating and that I wouldn't do it. Confused if that was really what I wanted.

Another complexity. I feel like I've become the expert on suicide, hospitalization, therapy, group therapy, anti-depressants, and depression within my class. Too many scripts don't get it right. It's never as straightforward as they write it. Even now, it's not straightforward; a part of me, very small, wants to kill myself. A larger part of me wants to be off antidepressants, even if it means that I fall back into depression. An even larger part of me is ready to cut myself at a moment's notice, to just stop pain. And now I will talk about the script during class, like opening up too much of a wound. We will see how much it bothers me. I don't think it will too much, but who knows, right?

Someone in my class wasn't clear about what the character was doing (accident or attempt). To me it sounded like a suicide attempt, and if it is, well... I guess I'll have to tell her that there's no realistic way that she would get out of the hospital the same day. Even if it is an accident, someone would be asking her about her intent.

My life keeps getting more and more complex the farther I am from the epicenter of my depression. Not that I don't have depression (getting much closer to stable though).

I know this is long, and I though this isn't entirely related. But I just wanted to show this to people who know what it's like to consider suicide, or know a bit about the ambiguity, treatment, and reactions that follow it.