NothingI'm sorry.

I'm sure there are people more worthy. People who would actually go through with it. I don't think I'm going to, no matter how much I want this all to end. I don't even have a plan anymore. Before when I thought about it I always had a plan. So it's not going to happen, so there are more worthwhile people for you to spend your responses on, but I guess I just needed to scream out into space, y'know?


I feel like a failure.
Part of that is because I am: I went to an incredible college, but I'm a working artist and even though I have an art-making fellowship and just closed a show, my day job is only part-time (though I honestly do love it) and I make less than I spend on rent in a month. In theory I should be making more art and getting jobs and using that money to survive, but I've been too depressed to do anything but stay in bed on my days off. I'm supposed to be using those for art and I can't even do that.

I'm fat. That seems like a non-sequitor but I'm a dancer and the first round of suicidal ideation came when disordered eating behaviors stopped managing my depression, or at least that's what the campus therapist told me, and it made enough sense that I believed her, but I ran away from therapy for stupid reasons. Because I wanted to be anorexic, not bulimic, but by the time I worked up the nerve to go to therapy I had transitioned into mostly-bulimic behaviors and I was ashamed. I had the "wrong" eating disorder. How fucking stupid was that, that I wouldn't accept help because it was for a disorder that I thought was less glamorous than the one I started with? For fuck's sake.

And then I started dating a girl who also had anorexic behaviors and depression. And it was wonderful when we tried to make it healthy, and it fueled behaviors when we didn't, and she dumped me out of nowhere seven months ago but I'm sure it was best for her and she seems happy now, but I've been barely-functional since then. She was my rock: my best friend, the only person who knew the extent of what was going on in my head, the totality of my support system (though I tried not to rely on her that much). But she left and she's with someone else now, and she seems happy and a lot healthier and we don't talk much anymore.

So I'm fat and not working, and not working partially because I'm too afraid to go to auditions while I weight what I do, but also too afraid/ashamed/depressed to go to classes or the gym or take care of myself, so I'm stuck in this stupid cycle and even if I convince myself one day that "hey, yeah, let's take some steps to make this better!" it takes so much energy that it lasts maybe a day, maybe two, and then I'm back, curled under covers staring at Netflix to distract me from my thoughts.

I don't have anybody.

If I died, my coworkers would be the first to notice, I think. I'm supposed to go to work tomorrow, but if I didn't show up I think they would just call and text me and probably not think to check on me until I didn't show up on Tuesday. But if I timed it right, if I died after work on Thursday, it would be four days until anyone would even notice.

I'm sorry. I'm mostly crying about my ex still, which is silly because she's happier without me. I feel like a failure because I can't make myself take steps to become anything else. I know what to do to make things better. I just... don't do it. I don't know if I'm scared or convinced I'll fail or depressed or just really fucking lazy, but I don't do it.

I am nothing. I have nothing, I mean nothing, I provide nothing.

I'm sorry.

I'm not going to go through with it.

I'm sorry for wasting your time.