I'm so tired of being "the fat girl", of failing diet upon diet, and I'm terrified my boyfriend will leave meI've always been overweight. Food's been my comfort. I've tried so many diets, I've tried simply eating less but I can't maintain it. It makes me feel so weak and dumb.

I have gained so much the past year. Like so so much. I have a distance relationship and I love my boyfriend so much but I'm scared of meeting him in person again because I've gained so much since I last saw him.

He doesn't call me beautiful like he used to. He says he loves me but I'm worried he says it out of habit rather than actually meaning it. I wouldn't blame him for leaving me, he could get someone so much better than me, but it would absolutely destroy me.

I can't even look at myself in the mirror anymore. I hate what I see. Yet food is the only thing that brings me any sort of joy. I've been so suicidal since the beginning of this year and it's just gotten worse and worse.

I wish I could die so I wouldn't have to suffer anymore. I just feel sad, empty and tired. It's always failure upon failure.

I failed my studies because I couldn't get out of the apartment. Anxiety was eating me up. Now I'm neither studying, nor working, and I'm forced to have my family support me until I can restart my studies after the summer. I'm 26 years old. Not a teen anymore, and I shouldn't act this way.

I've lost all my friends because I didn't keep in touch with them. I've completely isolated myself. I don't leave my apartment most days. I hate that it's summer and warm out, that I have to wear less clothes and show off my disgusting body.

I feel so weak and tired. I just sleep and sleep. And I'm sick of being a failure. I don't see how I'll ever find the energy to solve my situation, or how I'd even be able to get out of this mess. I don't know if it's doable.

Killing myself would be so easy. I wouldn't have to deal with any of this anymore. I feel like I'm slowly going crazy, and eventually I won't be able to think logically about anything. That scares me.