I have everything I needThanks to the internet and the local store I can easily go out painlessly as long as I mix things together but I just... I want her to tell me it’ll be okay, and she’s here still. I want her here. That’s what will stop me. I don’t want to go out with a scene calling her beforehand if it slims me into living still but. I miss my best friend and my support. I am alone and lonely and the only thing that helps is her... she wants me to get better, but there’s no chance when she’s already moving and dating and etcetera.
Why would I better myself when the end goal isn’t existent anymore?
What is the point to living for yourself alone and by your lonesome at all times? 
The pain is unbearable and seeing your messages worsens it. 
I’ve written my hand off the bone already on papers to leave on your car before I go. 
Maybe I should just go, and that’s my withdrawal and forgiveness. Final clearance. 
It’s so hard to see a life beyond the dream, I’ve been living it and she’s been here. 
Now I am floating like never before and all I want is to see her smile and sun ray shine upon her hair and us traveling and living life again. 

Nothing is more valuable than human life, and I am ashamed for all of my actions. I have been doing everything to get better. 
I have been in therapy for some time now, been out trying to work and seek employment.. I am super hopeful and optimistic. But when I see a Venmo from mr random as hell saying “fuck me” and etc etc etc.... I am at a loss. I can’t let go. I’m not dependent - this is a basic necessity of daily function. What changes are there to be made if I can no longer love again? To let that be? For there is no purpose. 

I need a hug from you and only you.... everything that makes me happy makes me cry now and I see you everywhere. I miss you and I can’t live without you and seeing you already live without me... what’s the point? 
Either way we’re already dead, etc... and life has occurred and reappeared many a time. 
I wish I didn’t rush being closer and then slacked off when I did. 
Please come back... I may never return digressing. 


thanks for the rant opportunity reddit I wish I could let her know how I’m feeling so she can reach out. She told me if my brothers think the message is worthy they’ll decide to communicate using them as medium. We’re adults... I just don’t know what to do other than take myself away because life with such pain and shame and agonizing trauma all throughout just. My actions are scarce and those not are just too hurtful to others and myself. I’m done. I didn’t do anything righteous. Not even my music heals. 
I want you in my arms, not a word, for me to feel at home. I don’t believe you understand how crucial that is to my support and keeping me stable and on ground away from the clouds. Please