I feel as though my world is about to end. I love my life. I really do. I have a wonderful group of friends. I work in a bar and meet new, fun people all of the time. I have been in a relationship for four years that has been mostly good. And I am sabotaging all of it because my boyfriend (I am gay) has become a raging alcoholic. I have created a situation where I am forcing him to leave me because I don't have the strength or the will to leave him first. 

I have made some mistakes. But these mistakes are very big and are my fault. After a year of being with my boyfriend, we went to take a friend to get tested for HIV. He was scared to do it alone, so we said we would do it with him. That day changed my life. After being in a monogamous relationship for a year, we found out that we were both HIV positive. And from the length of time the doctors believe us to be infected, I was the person who infected us both. Not only that, but at the time I discovered the diagnosis, I was told that I had full-blown AIDS. 

I needed to start medication immediately. The side effects of the drug I was taking, Atripla, made me feel intense rage and affected me emotionally. The doctor also diagnosed me as having general anxiety disorder. At first I took .5mg Ativan, which went to 1mg and then 2mg. I now regularly take two 2mg pills just to go to work and function normally. This works fine for a while, but I run out of my medicine to quickly which leads to horrible cycles of feeling wonderful followed by weeks of feeling like I am losing myself. I don't sleep either, and take 10 mg ambien CRs. I have two different prescriptions and regularly go through 60 pills in a week and have taken twenty pills in a day before. I snort them because I just want to be asleep. 

Oh, and don't forget the 25mg zoloft. This leveled my anxiety out but when I lose control, I lose control of everything and go completely berserk. It also made me gain 25 pounds and not only do I hate looking at myself now, my boyfriend said that he does not want to have sex with me until I lose weight. He says it has nothing to do with the fact that I infected him with HIV, but I know deep down that this is why. 

Despite all of this, we have a good relationship. We spend hours hugging and holding each other and watching television. I was celibate for the last year and only recently started to act out and go have sex with other people. And afterwards I would feel even worse, I would want to shrivel up in a ball and never be heard from again. But instead I would come home and tell him how if he didn't want me, there were a line of other people waiting who actually do like me. And there is, but I only want to be with one person. I really, really do. I want to be with him. 

But he has changed. He drinks half a gallon of vodka on a nightly basis. A whole gallon of vodka on a weekend night. It has affected my relationship immensely, has created problems at one house and resulted in us moving, and just recently his boss started telling him he smells like alcohol at work. 

Despite all this, we have had a good relationship. We tell each other how much we love one another and talk to each other at least four times or so on the phone a day. I have told him numerous times that I think something is wrong, but he either says that I am wrong or that he just needs more time. I have given him 2 years to do anything he wants and it has not gotten better. When he drinks, he becomes another person. He constantly berates me and is annoyed by everything I do. I promised him I would never leave him, so my way of handling this is to be so absolutely insane to him that he leaves me. 

Tonight was the night he had enough, and he told me he is leaving me. I didn't want it, as much as I told myself I did. I love the person I am with, I just want thins to change. He doesn't want to change. He hasn't cleaned up after himself for a year. Before he sits down after work, he has to have a drink in his hand. The drinking prevents him from having any sort of normal life, he has lost his friends, never goes out with anyone, and is literally sleeping on a bed that is broken and leans to one side and our (or should I say his) room is completely covered with clothes. You almost cannot see the floor under it all. 

I can't take living like this. I wan the person I had back but every day when I take my pills I have to be reminded of why he is the way he is. I took away his health and infected him with a deadly disease. This is my fault and I can completely understand why he is the way he is, because I would probably be this way to. 

The worst part is that I was wrong. Making him leave me wasn't what I wanted. I blame him for everything and we resent each other for it. But I can't continue living this way. But I don't want to live without him because I promised him I would never leave him. I promised I would be a good boyfriend and always be there for him. And I didn't have the balls to break up with him, so I lashed out so badly that I deserve to be left. 

I am scared I am going to hurt myself. I have always known how I would kill myself. I want to be completely be myself. Everyone gone from my life. I want to have a weekend binge at some of the local gay sex clubs. I want to fuck every single person I can. I want to get high and tweaked out and then, after I am done, I will drive down to a park that I went to as a kid. I will climb the rocks I used to play on when I was little and I will take a bottle of ativan and a bottle of ambien. I will bring my serrated knife that I use for cutting vegetables and my favorite books in a backpack and slit my wrists. I want to be found dead on these rocks with my books and no note by some random jogger or family.

I have felt this way for years. I came up with this plot after I found out I had HIV, but I stopped thinking about it until now. He is leaving me. I made a huge mistake but I acted like this because this is what I wanted. Now I have it and he will be gone and I will have created the exact scenario I had always pictured. I will have no reason not to do this. And I think I might. 

I know this is wrong and I never actually imagined I would want to do this. But I would deserve to die, because I would have infected tons more people and I wouldn't want to live being aware of what I did anyway. 

I feel this is all going to happen soon. In a couple weeks probably. If I do this, I am completely aware that I will lose everything I have worked so hard to achieve. I am in school and maintain a 4.0 average. I have dreams of helping people with disabilities play video games. All of that work will end up being for nothing, but I feel like this is going to happen soon. I feel like I might be becoming a threat not only to myself, but others, and I don't want this to happen. 

I just need to tell this to someone and I could never repeat what I said to an actual living, breathing person. 

Please help. 