I'm scared that I might've ruined any chance I had for a normal life and careerI'm a MtF transgender, meaning that as far as the world is concerned I'm a man, but I want to be a woman. 

I'm 22, and for over a year now I have been living as a reclusive, hardly ever getting out of the house and not working. I graduated college in the end of 2016, and the only work experience I have is an internship I had for a little over a year. My skills in my field are average at best, and I made no connections during in college as I was the weirdo who never talked to anyone. I saw classmates get prestigious internships and job offers in cool offices, and I wanted the same so bad. I used to daydream about working in this great creative office in Europe. I thought about studying abroad after finishing college, but it obviously never happened. I was stubborn and didn't wanted to pursue a postgraduate education because I saw it as holding me back to those goals, but Instead I wasted an entire year, and I'm soon will have wasted two years of my life by doing nothing at home.

I know I have to work to become independent, but what incentive I have? My parents don't support my transition, I would have to pay for everything myself, and at 22 I have already lost any chance I had for looking like a woman, I'm all male now thanks to puberty. I have so many things wrong with my appearance to fix, even those not related to being trans. Even if I start now, when would I even begin to look less bad, in my 30s? I wasted my teens and now I'm throwing my 20s in the garbage, the years that should be the time of my life. I'm so jealous of people around 14-16, they have their entire lives ahead, and by the time they are in their 20s I will be old and even more depressing.

Besides, with my worrying lack of skills, a nearly empty resume with a one-year-and-growing gap, no nice office will ever consider hiring me. My life is awful enough, I think if I end up working in a shitty place with no aspirations I might as well just pull the plug now. I like some expensive things too, I need a job so that I can afford it, I can't rely on my parents for ever. 

Besides realistically I would need to move out, but where? how?? I don't know how to do anything in the real world, I don't know how to do taxes or pay bills. 

I feel like a kid waiting for my life to start, but I don't think it ever will. I hate myself so much, I don't have any friends and I'm getting progressively worst with my parents. I just want to be like all the other girls, be pretty, find love, get married, have children. But who will want anything to do with a disgusting masculine looking transvestite? I will never know love, know what it is like to carry a pregnancy or give birth. I'll never be a mother. I hate my body and my face so much, I feel so disgusting that I sometimes avoid looking at myself in the mirror because I can't stand it. 

Sometimes I get glimpses of hope. I think that if I am realistic I can go for a slow transition as some nice people have advised me on reddit. I could work on fixing my posture, then my voice, my hair, take hormones and only fully come out when I feel ready. But it's too late now, it will never work.

I know my parents have their share of blame, but I can't help but feel sorry for them. They didn't signed up to having degenerates as children. I wish they could've had more children, at least one normal one to make up for it, maybe that way my parents wouldn't be so miserable too. 

Maybe not everyone is meant to be pretty or happy, but why should I continue to endure it? I wish a plane would crash into our house and kill us all, so my parents wouldn't have to suffer because of my death. Our dog is getting old and I don't think I could bare its passing either, so that would really be for the best. 
