I'm a stone's throw away from giving up.I just can't do it anymore. Every god damned day gets harder and harder and harder.

I'm 21 years old, soon to be turning 22 in October and I feel like I have nothing that really binds me to this world.

Ever since I was 13 I've been depressed, although I wasn't officially diagnosed until I was 14. I remember when I was a kid all I ever wanted was someone to love me. I was awkward, shy and super introverted so I spent more time with my online friends than I ever did with anyone in School.

My dad used to buy my video games when I was still a pre-teen so I could pre-occupy myself while he did drugs, slept for 12 hours a day and then go to "work" as a Taxi driver, where in reality he would get in his cab, find a random street, park it there and then go back to sleep, but he'd claim he was at work.

My mom used to hit me when I was younger and because she was young (She was 18 when she had me) and had no one else other than me and my Dad, she used to vent her problems out to me because of course she couldn't to my Dad, and then eventually they divorced, both parents re-married and eventually, my Mom got full custody of me, which was the lesser of 2 evils between my parents. But I was the emotional rag that got yelled at, got hit at for everything minor until I was old enough to stop her from physically assaulting me. 

I remember when I was 14 years old, I'd stay up every night, hold my hands together so tightly it hurt and then prayed to a God. Any god, anyone or anything that was willing to listen to my prayers. I was so delusional to the point that I'd talk to a stuffed animal I had since I was a kid, or I would talk to the Characters on my One Piece poster because seeing that Poster made me think of so many things that I was hoping would come true in my life. "I can't wait to have Friends like them some day in my life." Is something I'd think about often. "No one was born in this world to be alone." was a quote that had a direct impact on me that I used to fully believe. 

I made up a lie that I convinced myself was true, telling myself that I was adopted and sooner or later my real Mom would come and take me home. Every god damned night I sat there, I prayed as hard as I could all while I had tears streaming down my face and I hoped and hoped and hoped that someone would eventually come take me away.

I watched anime, played video games and read books all so I could escape from reality and pretend I was someone else. Pretend I was somewhere else, where I was happy, where I wasn't so useless.

It's been 7 years since then. No one came to save me.
No one came to take me away. My "real" mom doesn't exist.
It's just me, by myself and I feel like even though I've outgrown my fantasies, I can't help but spend hours everyday day dreaming to the point where it feels like I'm addicted to it. I have to daydream to even function. I have to think about a life where I'm somewhere happier, and not in my current state.

By all means, my life isn't even that bad compared to a lot of people so that makes me feel even more guilty. Why am I even depressed?
I work a part time job in retail that I absolutely hate, but it gives me some money to spend on my escapes. 

My family is decently rich, they'll be paying for my College tuition when I start this Fall. Except I know I'm not going to live up to their expectations. I barely passed High School (Through LOTS of help from my Teachers when I got sent to a Learning Centre after I got expelled from Public School for skipping too much because I was too sad to even function in School.) but I lack so much discipline and motivation I can't even go get a haircut. It's been 6 months since my last one.

When I'm at work, even for my short 4 hour shifts, I think of all the different ways that I could painlessly die, whether by suicide or via an accident. The 9 hour shifts are especially bad because I already have a weak physical constitution. I just spiral lower and lower until I'm so drained emotionally and physically that when I get home all I can do is sleep. I'm so desensitized to the thought of suicide that I accidentally brought it up with a co-worker and had to laugh it off while back pedalling real hard.

I don't know, I'm just so tired of living. Every day Suiciding becomes more and more tempting, but I tell myself that I'd rather go see the world then Suicide rather than Suicide in this grief-stricken room of mine seeing the same thing everyday.
My memories become so bad that I can't even remember what I did a few days ago because all the days just blur together.
It feels like just yesterday I was 19 years old, but here I am almost 3 years later.

You know, it's pathetic, but my only escape from life lately has been coming home from work and playing some singleplayer games or watching anime, just like when I was a young teen. I just wish I could still find comfort in some imaginary person who I fully believe would eventually come "save" me, just like I did back then. I feel like I've just become cynical and jaded.

But at work, it's like I'm a completely different person. I have smiles on 24/7, I speak with a happy tone, I crack jokes and laugh, until I have to get away for a few minutes at a time because keeping up this fake, happy persona is just so tiring.
I really can't do it anymore. I'm at my wits end.

I'm sorry for the big wall of post. I'm not even sure if any of it's readable or comprehensible, I'm not exactly in the best state of mind. I can't wait to wake up in 3 hours for work and hate myself.
I just want to go to sleep and have an eternal dream that I never wake up from.
I'll even take going to sleep and just not waking up ever again so all this pain and misery could end. 

The only thing I'd miss is not being able to see the ending of One Piece and not being able to listen to Music that makes me feel like I'm in a different world if I close my eyes and imagine hard enough. I'd also miss one of my friends.
I've been so proud of him lately, he's an Artist that's been steadily improving over the years. It finally feels like he's starting to find a purpose in himself and his drawings, and he's finally getting the recognition he deserves. I'm so happy for him. I'm not a big impact in his life whatsoever, so even if I were to disappear I don't think it'd make a difference. 

If anyone read this far, Thank you for taking the time out of your day to listen to some kid on the internet vent about his problems. I have a quote to share with you all that I've held dear to my heart for years and years now.

"People commit suicide because they think they have no other choice, not because they want to die.
Every single human being would rather be happy than dead.
In the end, no one ever really wants to die."
