Going through life alone is not worth it.I'm 32 years old today. Nobody noticed, that's not what matters anyway.

What matters is that it has been like this for 32 years. I never had a friend, I never had a partner, I never had someone I could talk to, confide into, build a more meaningfull relation with. My parents were the only ones that I talked a bit with, and I mostly spared them my problems. They are dead now, I'm happy they didn't have to see how empty inside I am.

Why do I get up in the morning to go to work? why did I study and get two college degrees for so long? Why do I do sport to keep fit? Why do I travel? Why do I write?

For no reason at all. I'm a social being, as much as I would like to be the exact opposite, I see value in the things I do with someone else. I like feeling like I belong in a group. I listen to podcasts and group talks just to quiet the absurd silence of my flat and delude myself into thinking I'm not that alone.

I saw a hidden waterfall in a backyard country and felt like I should take joy in my find. It feels empty when there's no one to share your hapiness with. 

I wish I could say there's always tomorrow. But why would I kid myself? I shook up my wardrobe, my hairstyle, went to therapy, went to hobby groups I liked, went to local events, went online dating and whatnot. It's simply really, if you manage to make yourself interesting, people will follow. It's really all there is. I know I'm boring, took me three decades to learn it, but why do I have to be so disposable when I feel such a need for the most basic social life?

I've done a few things in that time, two degrees, an interesting job, read some good books, saw some cool movies, saw some unexpected countries. But I haven't lived. I see people and I see them feeling alive, having done things they can remember with a smile. I remember the emptiness of what I've done.

And at the bottom line: no, not every life is worth living. If you need to feel loved but others don't care about you, it isn't. 

It isn't for me. I prepared my material, I tested it, it works. I'll see myself out.