So tired of being sadI’m 31 years old. 6 months ago I broke up with my girlfriend of a year. She had been through a lot in her life. I always tried my hardest to be there unwaveringly fit her emotionally and to be understanding of some anger issues but I loved her with all my heart and have never felt the love she showed me. But I had exes with anger issues and I never stood up for myself. I think I over corrected with her. Since then she’s been doing such great work on herself. 

Around month 4 and going on dates I realized I missed her. A lot. And I’ve spent the last three months trying so hard to show her I love her and I wouldn’t hurt her again. But she held, understandably, at arms length. We’d hang out a couple times a week but she always said she wanted to take a year to be alone and work on her. After two months of that, the texting went way down, we stopped hanging out as much. And it became clear she had probably found someone. She started going out of town way way more often and even spent the night out of town, something she would never do unless for a guy. 

At one point I asked her is she has met anyone. She refused to answer before then just ignoring me which triggered incredible anxiety. Two nights, a full bottle of Whiskey, a meltdown and a stupid number of calls later she’s blocked me. Going on nearly a week. She wouldn’t have done that if there wasn’t another guy. Days before the block she told me I was still her best friend. 

For a week I’ve been absolutely miserable. I want her to be happy. I know it will get better. I know I’ll find someone. But for my entire fucking life I’ve been hearing that. I finally found someone I was so ready to married and now she’s gone. I can barely sleep or eat or focus at work. I have no idea what she’s doing or who with. I’m so tired of it. Tired of the pain. Tired of the rejection. It’s been so hard lately to not just think how much easier it would be to end it. How the pain would finally stop. I often think about my funeral and that lots of people would be there. And they’d care about me. Her included. 