Im scared and i don't know what to do.I have to start from the beginning. TLDR at the end. bad grammar and spelling because idgaf.

Ever sense i was a kid I've kind of fantasized about dying. not necessarily suicide just fantasizing about a bullet coming from no where or a bomb dropping on where i am. I never thought much of it. My life was great by most peoples standards and i knew that. Never thought I'd actually do it just thought it was a harmless little quirk so I ignored it and thought of it as day dreaming. Then i started to get older. Highschool came and all the emotional battles with it. Every once in a while the "fantasy" would be a little more serious, extreme in moments of sadness. But to be honest i never thought id have the balls to do it and i still acknoledged that my life is still pretty great by most peoples standards (good parents, good brother, OK friends). I never had an actual reason to hate my life so they kept being fantasies. Then adult hood came. Things just got worse, legitimate depression. But i overcame, through the help of a GREAT friend i was able to escape the things bothering me and live with him while i studied to try and get a "real" job. I got that job and everything was great, for a while. They started being just fantasies again just bullets and bombs and bullshit. Then i moved out started paying my bills and was really proud of my self. Honestly never thought id amount to anything. Honestly i didn't, just got lucky enough to have that friend. I had a phase where things got really bad, sitting with a gun in my lap crying for hours. I honestly couldn't tell you why i thought my life was so bad, a girl was involved one i thought i loved sense high school, hence the username. I turned to cutting my thighs, because it honestly did make me feel better and stop thinking about suicide. Plus people couldn't see my thighs because i always wore pants, almost always. Plus all my shorts were long enough to cover it up. This went on for a few months. I came out to a close friend whod experienced cutting. They told me i needed to stop keeping it a secret and talk to the people who care about me. I did. and i stopped.But the fantasies continued. I managed to kind of robot my self through the past couple of years sense then. Getting bad fantasies and depression sometimes but always trying to go just hang out with someone before i started getting really bad.Then one of my best friends, a great fucking person, died from a relapse, seized in front of a fire station. He was comatose for something like 2-3 weeks. I came and saw him every day. I watched him die. We begged and pleaded for him to hold on. Screaming beating his chest. I watched him hold on until his brother told him it was ok to go. and then he just stopped breathing. That was late December of last year. Things have been a bit off in my head after that.And that brings me to now in my life. That "real"job i was talking about. Well i thought i could actually obtain happiness and not just content mediocrity by trying to advance my career. Plus i thought it would help me get out of the deep depression i was falling in after birdarms(friend) death. I got a pretty good job by my standards working in a GE factory ( always wanted to be an engineer so this was awesome) making 18 an hour which is ALOT for me. They threw me to the fucking wolves. 1 day of training, fucking one. My only coworker, a half-assed week of training. We were fucking lost but both pretty good at what we do so we managed. I was a week away from tenure and i wont go into to much detail but i fucked up the wrong guy and caused a lot of loss of production literally RIGHT after a merger. Despite the fact that, according to policy the employee was the one at fault, I was the one that got canned cause he was TOP dick and im just a peon. Welp i was still a week away from fufilling my 3 month contract to hire so they canned me. I REALLY wanted that job. When i got it i thought " im pretty good at my job this isnt a risk" and took out a loan for an apartment and a car ( mine was broken down beyond repair, i fucked up trying to fix it and got the timing off. ). So now here i am, 2 weeks late on rent for the second time, not really any hope of getting a job anytime soon. and to top it off i got three 100+ tickets for taillight, failure to present insurance card, speeding, and failure to show regestration (dont know why i didnt have four). That was a week before they canned me. My license is probably suspended right now. Making getting another job in my feild even harder. Most all of the interviews ive had have turned up nothing. Im hungry and depressed. The fantasies are starting to get really strong. They arnt really fantasies anymore. Stopped being fantasies a long time ago. Im scared because i feel like all it would take at this point for me to act on that impulse would be an eviction notice on my door. I live in a BAD neighborhood and keep a gun by my door. Does not help with the thoughts. I dont know what to do because, one, my self and my parents dont have the money for me to admit myself and two, what good would it do, i would honestly come out in a worst position then im in now. More debt, worse credit, and probably no car. I feel and ALWAYS have felt that im a little bitch for thinking like this. There are so many people out there in worse situations than mine. I know because im always there to do whatever i can if my friends are stuggling, and sometimes they do, in my opinion worse then i do. Which is why i havent been telling them any of this this time around. I honestly feel it would be selfish for me to off myself. Call me full of my self but i honestly feel like if i did there might be someone i care about following close behind. But thats not why im not doing it. Im not doing it because i feel like im a little bitch and i dont deserve the right to kill myself for the stupid little problems im dealing with. I dont know if theres really anything i can do other than cross my fingers and hope i find a job before im kicked out on the street. I honestly think im crazy. These fantasies have evolved into hour long pointless crying fits. Crying and depression for literally i have no fucking clue. i Honestly feel like i make up an excuse to be sad so i dont feel like im crazy when that shit happens. I have never told anyone this. I am very close to alot of people and have a hard time keeping my mouth shut. But i have never told anyone the full story. Where better than reddit. Hence the user name.


TLDR: Ive fantasized about death sense i was a kid. That turned into fantasizing while sad, which turned into actual depression, which led to actual suicidal thoughts. and now the point in my life now makes me scared that ill act on the impulse but i feel like there is really jack shit i can do about it. Except get lucky. plus im a pussy.