Parents refuse to accept me as transgender.I'm non binary, I use they/them pronouns and I've been out openly for around 2 years to my family. When I first came out my sister and father were supportive, more so my father. Through all of this he was there for me and supported me and stuck up for me when my mother and brother would misgender me. But a few weeks ago he suddenly started to change. He approached me and began to ask me for proof of my gender, and told me if I couldn't prove that there were more than two genders then he would stop trying to use they/them pronouns for me and gender neutral terms.
I have tried very very hard to explain that I can't prove it, gender is an internal concept it can't be measured. I've tried extremely hard to debate with him maturely but nothing is working. I showed him sources and advice from the APA (american psychological association), studies and opinions from psychologists about the correlation between suicide attempts and misgendering in trans people. But still, he won't change,
He's a stubborn man and a lawyer. He relies on facts and if I can't prove this then it doesn't exist.
He told me that those who push non binary genders are stunting true equality because we aren't accepting that we are male or female. That we can't accept that male and female actually encompass every single trait and there is no need for non binary labels. It hurts so much to hear that because its not true. Why would anyone choose this? Why would they? I tried living as a woman I tried for 18 years and it didn't work. I don't fit as a woman. I don't fit as a man. I am neither. I can't explain it. This isn't about not accepting these things or trying to be special.
But to have someone I trusted so much and told so many things, someone that defended me for so long, to have them turn around and say these things. It hurts beyond belief. It makes me feel unsafe, like I can't even leave my room.

I don't have any friends in real life. I have 2 online that I talk to at least once a week, but most of the time all of my social interaction comes from my family. I am also autistic and struggle with socialising which makes socialising even harder.
I hate being like this. I never asked to be this way, I never wanted to be such a bother and have to go through with this. If I could turn it off I would, but I can't. I hate being so broken.
I want to kill myself really badly but I have failed 3 times in the past, the most recent attempt caused great damage to my heart and I am so scared of failing again and being even more disabled and incapable of looking after myself (im sorry thats so horrible to think im sorry),

I don't know why I wrote this. I just want to go back in time and kill myself when I was younger.
I'm so tired of this. I'm so tired of being so miserable and waking up every morning in this body and in this world.
Sorry this is so long. If you disagree please don't comment, I can't take it.