tldr; friends suck, being bipolar sucks, I feel very aloneI don't really know why I am posting here other than my gut tells me I should share this with someone rather than keep it to myself. And I'm not exactly good with flow, so sorry if this is a bit jumpy. **And I'm sorry this is a book! You don't have to read it! I just need somewhere to let the words out.**

I'm not actively suicidal, and I'm wise enough to know killing myself won't accomplish anything for anybody. I also know that, from a purely scientific standpoint, the fact that I am alive is amazing. Consciousness is amazing. No, I don't always like what happens but as a general rule suicide destroys something that was several billions of years in the making. Despite knowing that I still have been getting suicidal thoughts in my head daily for the last few months. Nobody I know knows how bad my depression really is right now. I've had professional help and am convinced those people are crazier than I am. I tell them stuff about things they should know. I've broken out my razor blades again, a habit I've been trying to break for over a decade.  I watch suicide videos on break tv and liveleak. I am fascinated with the exact moment when the life disappears from the body. When it goes from being a person to being a thing. Aren't we all just things anyway?

Earlier today I posted on my Facebook "The irony is subscribing to reddit's suicide watch thread and convincing other posters not to go through with it." That's pretty much what I've spent the last couple of hours doing, leaving comments on various posts. What amazed me is how people can go into a rant when I talk about considering Taco Bell real mexican food, but when I make a post that hints I might be having suicidal thoughts I don't get a single comment or /like. I know Facebook is a horrible means to really communicate so I shouldn't put too much emphasis on it, however I only have 30 people listed as friends, and almost all of them are family. You'd think one would have cared even a little. The only female friend I have, I've recently discovered, is really only interested in me because I give her relationship advice (which I am great at due to my large array of horrible mistakes and having learned from them). I only have two other friends, both of which only seem to keep in contact with me for possible sex in the future and because I will listen to them when they need someone to talk to any time of day. But where are my listeners?

So, what's causing these thoughts you ask? It's a little complicated. I guess for starters I should mention that I am bipolar. Up until this incident I was adament about not taking medication. Just in case someone doesn't know much about bipolar disorder it basically causes very intense mood swings from extreme depression to extreme mania. The time in between can vary. For me I was having very noticeable but small ones daily, more generalized swings every 3 months or so, and then a huge manic swing every 2 years, almost like clockwork. So rewind the clock to 5 years ago when I started dating my current boyfriend, we'll call him Jason.

I met Jason through work and accidentally asked him out one day. I knew nothing about him other than he'd dated a few of my other friends before and played video games. The first date was great and we clicked right away. Throughout our entire relationship he has been extremely kind, supportive and encouraging. He has not changed at all so all the distortions I talk about are a direct result of bipolar beer goggles.

Two years ago I'd gotten back in touch with an old friend I hadn't seen since college, about two or so years earlier. We'd always gotten along really well and had a great time together. I'd always harbored a little crush on him. I was getting depressed about my job and school and never having free time so I siezed every opportunity to hang out with him while Jason was busy with his gaming. In a very short amount of time I decided Jason and I weren't really as good together as I thought and we needed to take a "break". I know this sounds like I just wanted a pass to fool around with my friend, but a the time I genuinely thought Jason and I were just not going to end up together. Not even a week after all this happened my mania died down and I was left with the aftermath of a lack of trust on his end and my own feelings about how I hurt this person I love.

Fast forward two more years. Been doing fine, no really bad bipolar symptoms in a couple of years. Feeling great. I'm trying to make new friends because I pretty much gave up all the bad influence friends related to the one above. So I meet this guy a a bookstore and we have coffee. Talking about video games and how he met Keanu Reeves at a Men's Warehouse in Chicago. We just kept talking. I soon discovered finding new friends = mania trigger. We keep talking, hanging out, he invites me to hang out with his friends. Anyway a month later Jason and I visit my home state on a vacation. We go skydiving and have fun at an amusement park where, low and behold, he decides to propose! Okay great! Excited! Of course! Oh wait, I'm still manic and seem unable to stop obsessing over someone I don't really care that much about. What the hell is wrong with me? Not even a month after the proposal I tell him we need to break off the engagement because maybe I'm just not ready like I thought I was. He is heart broken. I know this, I see this, but in the midst of a heavly chaotic mindfuck I just can't process it. I tell him I want an open relationship so I can explore romance with this other guy. Wait what?? I just said I didn't really like that guy! Oh wait, doesn't matter cuz you're freaking going crazy! Okay, so, obvious that this is all about to go up in flames. Jason, who is a very sensitive man but not overly so, gets extremely depressed. I wake up one night and he's staring off into the dark nothing with tears flowing down his cheeks telling me he's never thought so much about suicide. And that right there was the trigger that completely ended my mania dead in its tracks. I could not look him in the eye and know that I was the reason for his heartbreak and depression, and that suicide even remotely crossed his mind instantly broke my heart. I said that's it! No more!

The next day I made an appointment with a psychiatrist, got myself a diagnosis and started taking medication. I've been doing very well on it so far. There is an important distinction to be made between bipolar depression (which is usually what would cause a suicide in a bipolar person) and depression over a specific event. Perhaps this is why I'm not more suicidal. It's not that I'm depressed, as a general rule. It's that every time I see his face not happy I blame myself. Everytime he does something nice I want him to stop because I feel like I don't deserve it. Everytime I pass a jewelry store or dress store I turn the other way. He asks me what the nicest thing he's ever done for me has been. I pick some random awesome thing instead of recall the day we flew out of a plane together and went to an amusement park where I grew up and he handed me a ring on the sky ride. I cry just thinking about it. I tell him, but he's still as heartbroken as I am and he can't really be a support for me. I don't like talking about it to my family because they only ever give me the "I told you so" about not taking medication earlier. I wish I was better at making friends. It's one of the difficult things they don't mention to you in school that once you leave you'll have a hell of a hard time finding good friends.

I know that was really long. I just needed to post this somewhere. I don't even care if anybody reads it at this point. It would be like real life. I'm so tired of being this depressed and having nowhere to even let those emotions out. I do taewkondo but class is only so long and I can only punch a static target so many times.

/sigh If you read this far you are amazing and I love you.

EDIT: I am surprised how horrible some people can be. To claim I am here for pity is stupid. Like I said, I don't even care if anybody reads this. I don't want pity. I don't want anyone to tell me what I did was okay because I know it is not. I have apologized at least 5 million times to Jason and he has forgiven me but I don't forgive myself. I am selfish, when I am manic. That is not meant to be an excuse. It's just the fact of the matter. When my brain isn't super amped up I am perfectly normal and actually very selfless. I do a lot for others and never ask anything for myself. Childish? I think everybody is childish given the right situation. Usually those situations are ones they've never been in before and don't know how to handle on their own. Hypocrite? Again, EVERYBODY is a hypocrite. This needs no explanation. As for ruining other people's lives, I also believe everybody does that more than they know. But, as for Jason's, I have spent a year doing everything I can to make sure my mind doesn't flip out again. I have spent thousands of dollars I don't have on psychiatric treatment and medication and it's helped loads. It should be clear that if you take the severe bipolar swings out of our relationship all together, we get along extremely well. We are each other's best friends. We respect each other and give each other space and freedom. So please, don't judge me. I don't judge you. I am human and humans make mistakes. I am remorseful. If I wasn't I wouldn't have spent the last year drowning in guilt and depression and apologizing over and over to someone that has already forgiven me. We all have our own demons and they haunt us in different ways.