Don't want to struggle anymoreHi all,

First off, thank you for reading this. 

I am considering suicide. I have had medication (still on fluoxetine to this day) and have had intensive therapy from my teens up until I graduated university. I have had depression since about 11 years old and it's been like my shadow since.

I am so disillusioned. I worked my ass off in university, got stellar grades, and then tried teaching. It wasn't for me so mid-twenties, I decide to do a career change. I've always liked business and had an interest in accounting, so I did everything I could to get my foot in the door. I studied while working full time, got lucky and found a guy that would let me work for his business as a bookkeeper. I've since moved on to a junior accounting role with a big company, but I find I am terribly limited in my career. Why? No formal accounting training. I can't move up if I don't go back to school and get a degree. 

I am so discouraged because I work very hard - probably too hard - and want to do my best. I've been looked down by all my coworkers due to my lack of training. I can't get a raise or move upwards. I want to go back to school so much, but I am terrified of student loans. I did try taking classes PT while working FT, and I had to drop out of one and I'm failing my current one because I work so much. I just can barely study at night before I feel my eyes closing. I don't have a life and this hard work along with failing at my college courses is making me want to give up.

I just don't know what else to do, because life is so meaningless and I have always struggled with depression, and why struggle anymore? Why not just get off the hamster wheel that we call life, and end it all? I mean how is that worse than going into horrible student debt and then possibly not being able to pay it off? I've tried taking classes part time and working full time and I can't do it. I wish I could but I don't have the energy for it.  

I like aspects of living, like reading fiction, listening to music, spending time with my loved ones, dogs, animals.... but damn my life is 95% work and school. If life is simply struggling all the time, for years, then I think it is better to lose out on the good so I can end the bad. 

Thank you so much for reading. I want to take whatever advise I can before doing anything drastic. 