short lived happinessi am not even sure why i am writing this but its gonna be a long post

i’ve had social anxiety ever since i can remember but that hasn’t stopped me too much. i have a decent amount of friends who really care about me. when i was 18 i went to study and work abroad, i didn’t really do it for myself as i am not too much into academic stuff, i did it cuz i knew it would make my family happy. so i spent 4 years abroad, i had my ups and downs (mostly downs) during that time but even the times i was feeling good during those years i still knew i’d rather be in my home country. so in my 4th year i started to feel really miserable as most of my friends had already left uni, things didn’t work out with the girl i was inlove with and soon after i found out my mom had brain cancer. needless to say i was devastated. but i remained as strong as possible and didn’t share my pain to anyone. i just smoked a lot of weed to numb the mental pain

so when i came back to my home country in summer 2018 my mom already had successful surgery, she was still very sick but slowly recovered. i felt relief and was able to get a very chill and well paid job doing customer service in fall of 2018 i developed a healthy routine and lifestyle, i ate healthy i drank only water, i worked out i was meeting people and doing stuff i had good sleep, i was busy so i didnt even smoke much weed anymore, basically i was feeling the happiest i ever been probably my whole life. i was very optimistic about my future.

and in september 2019 i went on a business trip to cyprus for 2 weeks, how awesome, right? and idk how or why but on the second day in the morning i woke up with horrible bloating, dull pain in my flank and pressure in my anus, i’ve had stomach problems in the past but nothing like this. i could barely consume any food or liquids for the next couple of days. i was grumpy af and my mood was horrible, i couldn’t enjoy the awesome beaches and avoided any interactions with my colleagues. so after 2-3 weeks of eating mainly soup and seeing no improvement i went to a gastro specialist who used ultrasound and just said i have a lot of gas and thats why i am bloated af. i took supplements, probiotics, enzymes and anti spasmodic medicine but months later i still had all these symptoms that prevented me from being able to live a normal life. i had many blood and stool tests and an endoscopy and all results came normal, i went to a proctologist and still no answers, i tried natural remedies but everything failed me. the bloating had slightly decreased and i was able to eat more food but i still lost a lot of weight - 12kg. i was quite depressed but i still hadn’t given up. all doctors said its all in my head and that i should seek help from a psychiatrist. i was so frustrated cuz i knew antidepressants will not help, i would not feel better until my symptoms go away so the medicine had no effect just as i thought.

i had ct scan too which came back normal, i tried acupuncture even, so i am left with no answers. i can’t handle the sharp cutting pain in my flank every time i slightly bend over or when i take a deep breath and also the constant pressure in my anus which makes me feel like i always have to shit even tho i already did. my depression is really bad and since 2 months ago i gave up. its been 15 long months and its driving me crazy. i know family and friends care about me but i know things won’t improve and symptoms are not going away. i feel like as the person who is suffering i have an obligation to myself and that is to commit suicide. i am tired of people saying it will get better when i know that it won’t. i don’t even watch tv or listen to music anymore. i just wish all the people who love me realized that ending this existence really is the best option for me