Considering suicide, again and stillHi. 

I feel a bit scared, because i really don't know how any of you will react to all this. Mostly because of my age, i'm turning 17 this year. I'm scared because we're all told that we're just spoiled brats, and we know nothing about the world and about life and that's really not what i need. I'd just like you to leave an opinion here, i want to know how an 'outsider' would view all this. 

I don't even know where to start, hah... I've been treated with depression since the winter of 2017 and it's not getting any better, only worse, actually. I've had 3 therapists since then, the first one got me antidepressants that i later overdosed on at the end of January of 2018 along with some painkillers. But obviously, i'm still here. My second therapist was slightly better, but she always wanted to find the reason i'm depressed and anxious rather than trying to solve my problems. I've been seeing her for months when i got into a hospital for self harming, and after that it happened a few more times. In April, i had the realization. You know, when everything just starts to make sense and you put it all together and you're like...ah. I told my therapist i was transgender. I started looking more into this all and i realized what i felt all my childhood and why i just...knew something was wrong as a turned 13 and started female puberty was, gender dysphoria. It has caused my self esteem go to 0, caused me to end up having depression and anxiety disorders. 

And i was happy for a while, because i realized what i wanted, who i was and i helped myself by presenting more masculine. It was all cool, then, another realization; i was in a not so LGBT friendly religious high school. Even before realizing i was in fact LGBT, i didn't like the school so much and my depression got much worse by the half term. I left the school in this first term's October, and went to this very cool art school i am in right now.
People are very supporting, they use my chosen name and treat me like a guy and i couldn't wish for more from them. My mom is my number one supporter, she's the best and does everything to help me. 

 Nonetheless i'm in a really bad depressive episode again, i hate my body, i wish i could just live like a cis girl without almost breaking out crying everytime i see or hear myself. In my country, i can only start hormone therapy at 18, which is 1,5 years almost. And i just can't take it. I totally lost the point of my life, i can't see why anything matters since i know i'll always be a stranger in my own body. I feel like this doesn't sound so traumatizing as i write it down, but it really is. All the looks i get from people and asking if i have a dick is just too much. That's the problem mate, i don't have one.

I feel like a freak. This is not normal. I can't accept myself while everyone around me is so nice about it and they wouldn't even think of treating me like a girl. I keep feeling like i don't deserve anyone and anything good. I think so much more less of myself than anyone else in this world and i know i don't have a future. I focus too much on how i look, i know that well. I'm barely 5'3 and i wouldn't give the slightest fuck if i didn't look like a lesbian or a 12 years old little boy, but i very much do, and i feel like people think of or see me as a joke. My biggest goal in life is to find love, have kids and a bunch of dogs, but i don't think i'll ever find someone, and it makes everything so pointless. I want to love and want to be loved, but i feel like i'm not worthy of anyone's love and time. School doesn't make anything easier. I'm absent a lot since i go to therapy every once in a while or simply just can't get out of bed, or just before i step out of the house i see my reflection and start crying. And i'm not exaggerating, i wish i was, but i'd see my fucking size 36 shoes and go back to bed and cry. Because i'm still here and still going for no reason with the feet and height of a 3rd grader, with binding my chest for way too long even while sleeping because i just can't, i don't want to feel what kind of fuxkery i have up there. It'd also end up in crying. I cry myself to sleep everynight and i know this is pathetic, but i've really been thinking to end it all for weeks. Some days i'm like okay this is okay but in reality, it really isn't. I don't think i'm even living anymore. It feels like i'm watching some fucked up movie or as if someone is making me be here just to torture me.

I don't want to hurt my family, they've been through a lot with me, already made them loose their daughter they loved so dearly. But i'm not a daughter and i will never be. 

Everything hurts a lot. And i want it to go away. 

 