I don't have a catchy title. Well, maybe I am just venting, I don't know. I have never successfully killed myself, but this time for sure. because I have never used a gun. My dad always said, when I threatened suicide "Don't use a gun." He's a gunsmith. And so I never did. I guess it makes me pretty dumb to fuck up with guns in the house, doesn't it. Well, I am still a fuck up. I ams till a monster, I guess. 
I am a fuck up at my job. It's complicated and boring and I hate it. I was an Art Major and a Judoka, but i gave it up. Too much of my dad - in Judo, and he was an Art Major too. "Get a job in a factory" he said. And I fucking listened. God fucking help my stupid-fuck ass, I listened. 
So now I work in IT, and I hate it. They pay - decent, if I didn't spend all my money shoving food down my face. I stopped eating yesterday because I ran out of money - I would have eaten more if I could. 
 One of my coworkers is an accuatory ass. I fuck up - a lot. Sometimes it's because I don't know what I am doing, sometimes I have forgotten because it's so damned complicated, sometimes I just don't do it for the same reasons. He's always accusatory. Fucker, just tell me how I fucked up and moved on. Don't be a dick about it.

Today I realized I am going to kill him, then me. 
No, this isn't some heat-of-the-moment exclamation. he treats me like my father did, like all the conservative 'up-by-your-bootstrap dickheads do.' WHY do you fuck up? WHY did you do it wrong? 

What answer do you want? That I am lazy? That I am stupid? That I am a fuck up?

You know what I am good at? Scaring people. Writing, when I take the time. Art. And killing people. Within reach right now I have about a half dozen things I could kill with. 

This isn't some idle bluff. I have a lan cable with which I shall lasso his neck, and I have a pen to jam in his neck. I do not think myself an expert. I expect to get 1-2 jabs in. Then I'll have to wrench his neck till it snaps. A very difficult kill, honestly. But I want to feel him die.

And then what? The Police? Sure. I'll go to jail. Or maybe I'll hide myself in a bathroom with my own LAN cable and take care of it. 

I can't lose this job - I have no place to go. I am not any good at holding down jobs, and I can't really afford to live on less, much less prosper. 

This just piles on to my fuckeries, I'm fat. I can't get myself to exercise, and I can't get myself to eat right. Go on. Judge me. Tell me it's all Portion control, go on. Tell me my problems don't matter. Tell me that you are sad too. Go on. Or just go. Everybody seems to disappear when I am sad. So fuck off then. When they are upset, It's lay it on The_Lost_1 time. But when I need someone - nope, not worth it. 

There's more, but what's the goddamned point. Fuck it. 

So, even if I don't kill this fuck, I am buying a gun and doing myself in. And, to be honest, I'd hate to go out alone. And a gun is much easier to kill with than improvising. 

Don't bother reading: Fuck it. I got some pretty shitty news about my self-image and nobody seems to give a shit when I have troubles. So fuck it. I'm buying a gun and doing myself in. 