Please HelpHey guys,

so this is a throwaway account for reasons...

Anyways, I'm a freshman in high school and overall, I have pretty decent grades and I play violin (since preschool) and do sports. I have an extremely caring an overall amazing boyfriend, and an awesome friend who I basically consider as an older brother.

I have nothing to live for. My mother is verbally abusive, and when I call out for help with the few close friends I have left, she says I'm lying and she'll call me out and ruin my life. Now, I don't even know if I'm lying or not. If I am, just ignore this then. I really don't know anymore. Everyday, I'm so confused. I have no right to be proud of anything, and because I go to a really tough high school, often I don't have the time to practice violin (but I do a lot of competitions and honor orch, etc. so yeah not good) and yanno, college applications are coming up and I don't think I have anything to show. I do homework during class so I can finally relax during lunch, but I tell my mom I do homework during lunch to avoid getting my ass kicked. She compulsively checks my phone and reads my texts (more than I have my phone, her reason is that my parents bought it and not me), goes through my stuff and takes it, then tells me she did nothing of the sort, and yet I'm the crazy horrible reputation ruining liar here. I guess I don't even know if I am?

I'm just so tired of it all. I know that there's things to look forward to and live for, but I feel nothing for it. I've had suicidal thoughts and depression and whatever and my mom is saying I'm lying and making it up. I just don't know what to do, because even though I'm just a teenager, I could probably say my boyfriend is the only person I'd want to spend life with if things work out (I've dated before and so has he). But as of now, I'm giving everyone aneurysms or something dealing with me and getting mad at me. My violin and sports are doing basically nothing because I don't have time or energy and this generation is pretty damn good at this stuff. The only thing keeping me alive is the fact that I know my boyfriend probably would have a really hard time dealing with the fact that I was gone, for a very long time. I've been debating ending the relationship to make it easier on him. 

I'm sorry, I don't know what to ask of y'all. Just please help me. I'm talked out. I just don't know anymore. Everytime someone tries to help everything honestly just gets worse.