13 Years Old and Depression is driving me crazyNote: This is just a rant. You all don't need to share your feelings... I just want to vent everything out... And this is my throwaway account. Everything I say will feel like a movie and that I'm lying but all I have to say is that this is all true... I will post this rant on this subreddit and r/depression. This will most likely not get read so I feel like there's no use even writing this long rant... 

I don't know where to start... I'm 13 years old... and I'm already planning to go on a mass murder at my school and commit suicide afterwards... I truly don't know what I am doing... I haven't seen a psychologist and will not so I am not diagnosed with depression or being a psychopath actually... 

I feel guility but not at the same time for the fact that I planned to commit mass murder at my school... I feel like a monster... Thinking about killing others... I think society will be much better if I, a psychopath, was gone... I don't know why I plan on murdering and that makes me concerned for myself... I have already drawn the layout of my school and drew a plan of where I am going to kill in order... 

It is so hard to fit in society... I can't seem to tell if what I said is rude or offensive therefore everyone thinks I am a rude person. And I always unintentionally get into arguments on social media and lose them thus everyone thinks I am stupid. I have been bullied since 9 years old about being overweight and having pimples. I have been told I'm ugly and I think I am ugly... Why am I even still here just to get insulted? 

Just now I literally took a knife from my kitchen and pointed it at my chest... Unfortunately, I pussied out. I'm such a pussy, I can't do anything, I hate myself... Somehow I managed to hide my depression as my friends think I am very extroverted and my teachers think I am a cheerful teenager... 

Nowadays, I have sudden episodes of having visions and thoughts in my head of killing my schoolmates, teachers, and myself afterwards. And I start to imagine my hands covered in blood. From what I noticed, drinking water or eating something will stop these hallucinations, when I go to the tap to drink water I imagine that the water coming out of the tap is blood... All this will sound fake but I am legit experiencing these hallucinations. 

I really don't need to your guys support or encouragement and please don't tell me to see a psychologist... 

If by any chance someone read the whole rant, congratulations to you.