Don't know what to do anymore.Hello other redditors,
First of all excuse me if i make any spelling mistakes because i'm dyslexic.
I won't mention my name because of obvious reasons but i will say that i'm a 16 year old, pretty normal i suppose, get pretty good grades in school, i'm not a trouble maker or anything like that and i just do my own thing.
Lately alot of stuff has been going on like my parents are divorced and they're fighting alot, my grandmother passed away and i saw my father after a few years of actually not seeing him again (at the funeral), everyone gets mad at me recently for whatever reason they can think of and I honestly don't think i'm doing anything wrong, I don't really get bullied or anything either I just think of myself as any other guy, except for some people that might also mean cheating and stuff like that but i will never do that.

Okay so that describes a bit of my problems, now the rest of it.
So i have a girlfriend and I really really love her alot and I sometimes feel like she doesn't feel the same way but i hope to god that she does.
I want to give her everything I possibly can, I work as a stocker, I won't mention the name of the store I work in.
So I earn my money and I want to spend it on her and she knows I want to get her a promise ring but she doesn't want me to do that, but lately she's been quite stressed and says she wants to take a break from everything including me which really felt like my heart just got ripped into a billion pieces..
I don't know what to do with my life anymore she's everything that matters to me and I don't want to lose her, ever.
Really all i want is just to have a simple life with her for as long as we breathe.

I've been thinking about killing myself lately and i'm scared of dying which i think is normal for everyone.
I don't want to die but sometimes i feel like i have no other choice anymore.
I have a psychiatrist, i don't see him alot anymore though, i just feel completely lost and i don't know what to do.

Story short:
My girlfriend means the world to me, I don't want to lose her ever, I just want to spend my life with her.
She wants to take a break from everything because she says she's stressed which includes taking a break from me,
which ofcourse i don't accept because i feel like i'm about to lose her.
So now i want to die pretty much.

Help me please?