Money is going to kill me and nobody understands why I'm upsetHi. Obligatory throwaway account. I'm 19.

The first thing you need to know about me is I'm a tranny, female-to-male. Get your giggles out now, I don't care. I'm used to being pointed and laughed at like a zoo animal.

And I need to get a double mastectomy, or what people call "top surgery".

&amp;#x200B;

But there is no way I'm going to afford around $6-8k in a million years. We're already poor. In debt. Have other needs. Insurance might pay but only for the procedure: we'll still have to cover anesthesia, travel, consultation, follow-up visits.

&amp;#x200B;

My family, none of them understands how important this is to me... They think it's on the same level as laser eye surgery; it's "cosmetic". None of them know the horrible, crippling pain it brings me every day to be in my body as it is. My mom doesn't think it's necessary at all.

My therapist doesn't get it either. Nobody does who hasn't lived it. They think it's like getting ear piercings. My therapist would chide me for wanting to die over this. She never takes what I'm going through seriously. Every time I'm upset and I tell her, the response is always like "well you could fix this right away" or "you're dumb for being upset in the first place".

&amp;#x200B;

I would honestly rather be dead and in the ground than live like this for even two years more. I've lost almost 20 years of my entire life not living, or living a lie, so why should an eternity of being dead bother me? I can't get the money. No aid program will benefit me. I can't work in between school, and that's only if people would hire me (they won't). I have only about $170 in the bank as it is. I have NOTHING to look forward to and absolutely nothing to live for. And I wish I could die but I'd feel too guilty about leaving my boyfriend behind, and my cat would never understand why I left... so I live like a ghost and I hate every second of existing from the moment I open my eyes in the morning to the moment I fall asleep, and even after that all I suffer is nightmares.