Collage of broken wordsI've been sick for half of my life. My back started to go when I was 18. I was with my fiance of 6 years and things were going fine. Suddenly one day she asked me to stay somewhere else for a few nights. In the next couple days she broke it off. Then proceeded to have sex with my best friend. Later I found out she'd been cheating on me a long time. My brother totaled my car, I lost my job, and I was scheduled for surgery.  After my surgery I was told I have two life long diseases. I have degenerative disk disease and spinal stenosis with 2 herniated discs. I'm 21 years old. I've had two surgeries on my spine and things have only gotten worse. Then not even a year later I'm diagnosed with lymphoma. Then, sarcoidosis,an auto immune disease that has taken my life from me. My spleen is 7x normal size and I'm cursed with chronic kidney stones. I've had 3 removed surgically in a year. My back hurts every day, I have no energy no matter how much I sleep. Every day it gets worse and the worst part is mentally. No matter what I do I will be burdened with these for my entire life. I'm a burden on my family. I've lost all my friends. It seems like every day is a mental battle for the will to live. It's worse because my doctors refuse to manage my pain because of my age. "sorry there's nothing that we can do. Best thing is to manage the symptoms. Oh I didn't mean me ill refer you to someone else".  It's a never ending cycle I don't even bother with doctors anymore. I long for the sweet embrace that is death. It couldn't come soon enough. I can't live this way. My life is standing still and the world keeps passing by. It's like I already know I'll take my own life but I don't know when. I don't want to.  But anything has to be better then this. I feel like I'm going insane. Nothing I do is helpful and nothing anyone says does a damn thing. I hate doctors. With every fiber of my being. Oh yeah.  I forgot to mention I'm 300k in debt in medical bills. Probably more. 