Co-depency, cancer and killing myselfI've struggled my whole life. I grew up in poverty, a stressful life full of constant bad things happening to me with nothing to look forward to. My biological father molested me at 4 years old for awhile and it's really made me afraid/paranoid of people in general, but especially men and my surrogate father/stepdad who raised me since I was 6mo abandoned me at 12. We were almost homeless a lot during my childhood and things were really unstable. My sister got in a car accident when I was 15 and almost died and has made our lives hell since then (shes mentally disabled and has violent outbursts and temper tantrums all the time).

 I broke my leg when I was 10 but never went to the doctor because my family didn't have insurance so it grew back crooked and it causes me constant pain- I can pinpoint exactly where the bones are wrong and I can't bare my full weight on it longer than a few seconds without extreme pain. 

The only person who's been there for me my whole life had been my mom. Theres no one I love or trust more and I'm pretty sure shes dying of lung cancer. (Shes a smoker, in pain and has symptoms) I've been harassing her to go to the doctor because I'm so fucking scared and the anxiety is eating me alive but it's a struggle. Shes my best friend, one of the few people I can be happy and feel safe around and all I have and if she dies my life will literally fall apart- I will very likely end up homeless.

 I'm so stressed out and it's so overwhelming that I want to crawl under my covers, never wake up and die. I can't imagine life without her. I know that sounds sad but shes the only person who hasn't hurt me and the only person I feel 100% safe and comfortable with. 

I've thought about killing myself a lot if she dies, especially lately but I havent really thought out how and I dont really have anything to do it with. I  definitely won't do it unless she dies. I've battled depression for 10 years and shes my rock, I know I can get through it if I have her comfort. But if I dont have her, i have no one. I'm mostly posting this to get my feelings out because I'm already bawling writing this, I can't actually talk about it with anyone.

I know this is really disjointed but I feel so shitty, Im going to crawl into bed and try to sleep off these feelings.