Coping after sexual abuse?Hey,

So, I've never really talked about this before, but here goes.


I was sexual abused from around 6-7ish? I'm not sure about the exact age, because a lot of my child hood has been blocked out. The abuse ended when I was around 11ish, which is probably when I started to realise that it was wrong.


He was a lot older than me. He was an adult, I was a child. He was a family friend.

At the time I didn't realise it was wrong. It's sick to even think it this way, but he made out we were boyfriend and girlfriend. He did this to another girl I know off, and she often referred to him as her boyfriend. I remember her being younger than me.

 I can kind of remember being confused and not really getting why we had to do these sexual things. I didn't like it and most of the times it hurt. The times he did take it too far, I would complain it would hurt and try to think about other things... Afterwards, he would tell me not to tell anyone and gave me sweets and play with me normally. It was like I went through with the abuse, just for the nice side of him afterwards.


I feel physically sick that I allowed this to happen. That I let him touch me and didn't tell anyone. I hate that I saw him as a boyfriend, it makes me feel so fucked up in the head. Like, why couldn't I have been the child to tell their mum what was happening? Why did I just "go along" with it?

So, we moved a way and I barely saw him again. He had a brief relationship with my mum (when I was about 14 or so) which made me feel I could never tell her. My mum absolutely adores me, and if she knew she had slept with someone who had molested her own child, I don't know how she'd react. She's suicidal, depressed and has Bi-polar... So growing up with a mother like that isn't exactly the best situation to be in.


I'm 26 now, and for the first time in my life I feel properly happy. I'm at university, I have an amazing girlfriend, loads of friends... But, my past is still there, ya'know? I've felt suicidal in the past, but I've always believed in my self to not let that chapter of my life win and wanted to push on and make something of myself.

I guess I'm just trying to say I'm worried. I haven't had any counselling for this or seen any help. I just want to try to ignore it and pretend it never happened, but I don't want to be one of those people that when their 40 odd, it all comes crashing back down on them. 


... I also find it really hard to talk about with people because I never physically stopped him. I feel like people will think I deserved it in some way because I didn't do more. I just feel so dirty and ashamed.

And recently, I've found out he has just had a daughter. This scares me to shit, the thought of him abusing another child. 

I just don't know what to do. I feel so useless atm, on the outside, I seem fine with loads of friends, my career/ect... But inside, I have all this welling up and I'm worried it won't ever go a way and I'll start getting suicidal thoughts again, or fucking up my life.


On top of that, I don't even know whether to go to the police. Would there be any point? Or do I just ignore it and carry on, because my life is "okay" now anyway?.. Sometimes I even pretend that it never happened, or it wasn't as bad... I'd even tell myself he never raped me, but I know he did...


I'd really appreciate some help with this guys. And telling my family is out of the question, I couldn't put my mother threw that.