Loneliness and a FailureI thought of posting this at r/depression but I m not sure if I even have depression, since I know why I am upset, it's because I suck. I think I was born with Asperger's/autism, never had a real life best friend, most people that were friends with me in my school years just felt bad that I was lonely. But i was satisfied with my social life though, because I was active in this game and had alot of online friends from it, so I never felt lonely. I really wasn't lonely untill 2018, when college started and me and my online friends grew apart, except an online relationship at that time and some other friends that I could tell anything to. When college started, I felt like shit going there, it just feels like such a waste of time, waiting for classes and shit, waiting for transportation to get back home, I was depressed seeing so much girls that I am attracted to but being unable to talk to any of them because I was a socially awkward person, I was always an anxious and tensed person. I didn't learn anything there honestly, I dropped out after 5 months and wasted quite a fortune. I was studying Accountancy, a 2 year program, I think the people that started with me are graduating this year, while I'm still nothing, did nothing these 2 years, spent most of my time playing video games and getting depressed because I just feel so lost in life. During those times, I m glad I had that online girlfriend that I knew for 5 years, having everyone to say I love you to and virtual hugs was nice. Last year she changed, no longer cared about me and I was lonely ever since. To this day, I still couldn't get over her. Right now, I kinda still have online friends, but the thing is I don't really have anything to talk about with them anymore, they were my only friends. I remember in the beginning of this year, I thought about wanting this year to be very different to the past depressing years, but dang, it's almost March and I'm still the same, didn't even bother finding a college to apply to, because i feel like Life isn't going to be happy for me from now on.. I just feel so numb? Ever since that girl online that I thought I had a future with, just left me cold like that. It really changed how I see this world. Things just aren't the same anymore, like once I go to college to study anything, my future is pretty much set in stone. And it's just not a life that i want. I don't want to work everyday. I didnt sign up for this kind of world. doing tasks that I know is meaningless to me just to survive to live a boring lonely life. Like right now, I guess I am kinda happy? I am just practicing my skills for fps games and seeing little improvements everyday makes me happy. I just have this fantasy that I'll be rich and famous one day for being the best player ever. But that's just wishful thinking. But anyway, I think this post is kinda confusing, a tl;dr would be: I am fkin so lonely and maybe i can act to fit in, but emotionally il never really fit in and be happy around people, I still think of the past alot years ago alot because those were the times when i last felt alive and excited to wake up. I don't know what to do with my life and I am already 21. I don't know when I will commit suicide, but probably if nothing changes in a few years