Just need someone to talk to....Suicide has been very prevalent in my thought process lately. It gets worse everyday, over the extensive time that I spend alone. I'm 23, never finished college and after not being able to afford school on my own, went straight into the IT field with a few certifications. Over the past year I was thrown out of my parents house for a mix of religious reasons ( I don't believe in god.) and pot ( I've been clean for 8 months). After 5 months of being homeless I received a phone call from my father inviting me to come back and live with them. This was only due to the fact that my little brother came out and told them he is gay. Apparently this news somehow made them a little 'softer' if you will. ( I was ecstatic for my brother who used to take so much shit from them it was unreal.) So it has been 8 months since my return home and over that time period I've landed a pretty nice IT job, have a steady income, and still live at their house. I have a ton of credit card debt I am still paying off from being homeless. My current salary is enough to make those payments and afford gas for the week. There is no way I could live on my own on my current salary. I am thankful for being allowed to stay at my parents as the rent is rather cheap but I feel like I am never able to be 'myself', whoever that actually may be. Part of the stipulation to me moving back in was that I would have to see a psychologist. I have been going to see him every Friday since I have moved back in. He so happens to attend the same church as my parents but keeps it separate from his career. When I meet with him he constantly tells me that my parents are stuck in their legacy's and were wrong in the way that they raised me. He showed me that everything from my childhood, every encounter with my parents was fear based and about control. In our recent discussions he has made it abundantly clear that I NEED to get out of their house and start living on my own....There is only one problem. I am a shy, quiet, doormat that everyone walks all over. I have no assertiveness and it has proven itself time and time again. I have no friends. I go 'out' on the weekends but hardly ever go into a bar or pub purely based on my anxieties, fear of people judging me, and the fact that I suck at small talk, or any talk at all. Yeah, I'm the guy that you will have a two sentence conversation with, and then silence, and extreme awkwardness. My parents think I am some crazed alcoholic when in fact most weekends I end up just going over to work and putting in overtime. 
	8 Months ago my girlfriend of 6 years left me for her coworker. I was homeless at the time and living out of my car. She was in school almost 3 hours away. I had been saving over the past year to finally pop the question and spend the rest of my life with the girl I believed only existed in fairy tales. I drove to her college one afternoon with the ring in my pocket. We sat down and started to catch up and she just burst into tears. She just cried, I tried to put my arms around her but I could tell she didn't want them there. I asked her what was going on and she told me about him. I asked her if there was anything I needed to know about and she simply replied, " You aren't stupid, (name)."  I didn't know what to do reddit. I left. She said it was better if we didn't communicate anymore and not even a week later they announced their relationship on facebook. She wrote on her facebook that she will always love him....6 years reddit. I still love her with every fiber of my being. To go from having her to nothing, I still can't handle it. I still catch myself thinking about her daily and as much as I try to numb myself from feeling anything...I can't. People just keep saying it will take time. Its been months, and I'm sorry but that's bullsh*t. I won't find another girl like that who will accept me for my awkward quietness. As a matter of fact I don't have a single friend on the face of the planet. I go through my daily life hardly knowing what day it is just waiting to go back to work. I can say that work is all that is keeping me alive. I hate being at home with the constant volley of Christianity and politics being thrown at me so I spend most of my time at work. Alone.
	I feel like I am finally losing it Reddit. It is just a matter of time. I really don't know what I am looking for in a response. I don't want sympathy, I just want to feel alive again.