Barely Hanging OnToday I did a stupid thing. For some backstory- my ex gf (first love) broke up with me 2 years ago. It wasn't on a bad note or anything but we don't talk anymore. She was the first best friend I've ever had. During the relationship I was always extremely jealous. I suspected her of cheating but never told her until afterwards and she of course reacted badly. But she admitted she left me for someone else. Stupid me back then took her back a couple months later and she broke up with me again. Today out of curiosity I go snooping around on her social media. Turns out she's dating the person I suspected her of cheating on me with. Perfect. 


When we were dating they would always be alone together and there was just something weird about them. I stuck with her because I had no one else. After we broke up I had another relationship. That person left me for someone else too and though she didn't cheat on me- she actually fucking told me that she had sex with someone else the day she broke up with me. On Valentines day. 


Anyways when I went snooping around today my heart really genuinely started to hurt. It hurt as much as when she broke up with me- though this time I didn't cry. I was just devastated. I'm currently in school. I went out of state to avoid certain people but now I'm left with almost no friends. The friends I do have I'm not that close with. I have no best friend. I haven't had a female friend in over a year and it makes me feel worthless. I try talking to people but its all just small talk. No one actually wants to remain friends with me. I've gotten so desperate I nonstop check my school's "crush" page to see if anyone maybe thinks something nice of me but is too shy to say anything. Nothing ever gets posted about me. I got a new phone a couple months ago and only about a week ago did I add my first contact into it. 


Because of everything in my life I formed a toxic addiction- one I won't go into great detail about because I'm extremely ashamed about it. But I'm suffering. Every day. I realize that I don't want to actually die. That's not what being suicidal is to me. I just want to live a better life. But I'm losing hope now that the better life will happen. When I'm out and about I always smile as much as possible and pretend to be a normal and healthy person. Maybe people see through my fakeness- maybe no matter how hard I try I'm still just plain unlikable. I don't even know what I'm saying anymore. Im just losing hope. And I fear that when I lose hope I'll lose my life. 