Messed up beyond repair.I don't even know how to start this.
In November I quit my delivery job, I wrecked two cars, and couldn't handle the stress and anxiety of working inside a pizza store. My mood has progressively gotten worse. I thought I would be able to buy a car with my tax return, I worked 5 jobs last year, I made close to 8k. I got my hopes too high. I'm not even getting enough to cover tuition for one class at the community college.

I've always been depressed, since I was maybe 6 or 7. I've been on and off of meds my whole life. I'm 21 now. I was expelled from high school my freshman year for buying drugs and trying to kill myself during school hours. I had a kid when I was 17 because the boy I was dating raped and abused me, I couldn't abort, because I genuinely thought if he didn't kill me himswlf, he would find someone else to do it. He went to prison for trying to bomb his school. I failed my first semester of college, because I couldn't keep up with the class work and having a new born. I tried to get a job, but I couldn't keep one, either juggling child care and job hours or the anxiety of interacting with other people. Then I tried to go to college again last year, and another abusive person I was dating kept me from going to my classes. He told me I wasn't allowed to be there while he was there, and so I dropped out. A friend helped me get my delivery job, things were ok for a month or two, and my boss at that job, started being more blatantly abusive to the workers, singling me and a few others out. I freaked out and tried to jump off a bridge the hospital stay put me 6k in debt. In total, I've been hospitalized 6 times, and I've tried to kill myself over 10.
Nothing seems to get better, every time I try to do something to fix my situation, it backfires and makes everything worse. I don't even see a point in trying anymore. I can't take care of myself, my family resents me. I've messed up my life so badly, that there's really no way to get out of the hole. I'm considering trying to end it again, more permanently this time.