Mental health wards just got even more worse after I realized this...likely never going to admit myself for suicidal ideation again.So a year ago I got admitted to the hospital for suicidal ideation and was legally forced to stay in the mental health ward at the hospital for about 2.5 weeks. 
Just today I got back my medical record reports as I needed them and I went through all of the notes since last year. I realized that there was a lot written about me and I had no clue about it. I was aware of some of the note taking but not this much. When I was first admitted in the hospital and evaluated by the psychiatrist, I didn’t realize how much information they were writing down about me. I thought the psychiatrist was just making conversation at first to make me feel less scared or something but they were just trying to get as much information out of me as they can. There was multiple paragraphs and pages written about me, describing my hobbies, interests, what school I go to, amount of siblings and their ages, why I’m at the hospital, what was the reasons, etc. 
It seems reasonable I guess, so the psychiatrist gets a understanding where you’re coming from but what happened next after reading more of the notes just shocked me even more...

So once I was admitted to the mental health ward in the hospital, I was being evaluated by multiple nurses, as in a different nurse for each shift they had. They were writing all about me in my time in the ward, I had no idea that they were basically writing down so many things about what I was doing there that it seemed almost too invasive. 

Like for instance, one of the nurses wrote down that I drew a “house plan” on paper. I was drawing for fun and I drew the layout of the mental health ward, and they thought it was a house plan. But what makes this so intrusive is that I never showed them these drawings. They must have went in my room without me being present in there and went through my drawings and then wrote it down. My drawings were likely hidden in the drawer or hidden underneath a colouring book. 

There was also notes of how I wasn’t showing eye contact with the psychiatrist, staying in my room most of the day, or staying in the “silent room” to play cards or puzzle games. They even wrote down that I was eating McDonalds which was provided by my parents and even wrote down that I was watching a YouTube vid on my phone, and I had no idea they were witnessing it. They even wrote down how much money I had with me to go to the coffee shop located in the hospital. They wrote down that I was speaking to the security guard and how much food I ate during breakfast, lunch and dinner. The nurses also kept annoying me by asking why I wasn’t eating dinner one day or why I ate so little. Shit creeps me out.

This may not be so crazy to you but it is to me, I feel like I’m an experiment, a specimen, someone who is being evaluated and having no clue of it. They were practically writing down every move I did in that ward. They also checkup on you every hour at night with their beaming flashlight. I was typically up during 4AM so I always saw them do this. The whole mental health ward felt like a prison. I now feel extremely uncomfortable to admit myself again to the hospital for suicidal ideation or mental health distress. I now dislike my experience even more. I didn’t get the care I needed, which was ironic because they seemed to care a lot about me. I was only there to do my time in the ward it seems like.

I know that these notes are confidential and no one random can access them but still, it feels odd and it’s very intrusive. Never going there again.