Been thinking about killing myself for a long time. I'm at the end of my rope now and I'm seriously ready for it.My life is the same mundane shit over and over again. I pretty much work a shitty freelance graphic design job and live with my parents. I used to live on my own a few years ago when work was better but now I've been sentenced to a living nightmare for almost ten years. I keep struggling to make ends meet no matter what I do, going more and more into debt as the days go by, while I get rejection emails from every worthwhile lucrative salary jobs I've applied to and I've only got one job offer from a local grocery store who only want someone to work part-time for shitty minimum wage that's not worth my time. Keep in mind that I have a college degree and multiple years of experience in marketing and graphic design.

My parents also don't really communicate with me because they've been abused mentally all their lives by their culture's bullshit and have submitted the quality of their lives to their family's choices. They just ask me the generic "how are you?" and that's it, thinking that's enough without actually caring about how I'm really doing. I absolutely love my parents, but I hate how they've just provided for me the essentials (food, clothes, roof over my head) without ever thinking of preparing me for life's countless hardships or to teach me how to observe and understand my emotions effectively as a child so that I can grow up to be mentally stable as an adult.

The fucking cherry on top that completely makes my life a complete living hell is my heartless, hateful, egomaniac of a younger brother who doesn't give a fuck about anyone but himself and who tortures me and my parents on a daily basis. He's always high off his ass and talking loudly and getting worked up about stupid shit, which makes me and my parents always on edge and scared. He also talks to himself while cussing nonstop, as if he's fighting an imaginary person, and sings obnoxiously loud throughout the day and in the early mornings to clearly get on mine and my parents nerves. I've tried talking to him, pleading with him, debating with him, reason with him every way possible, sympathizing with him to better understand him, physically fought him when he decided to attack me out of anger, called the cops on him to protect my parents, but everything I've tried was to no avail. My efforts are hopelessly futile.

My lack of sleep and my constant exposure to my brother's drama has permanently traumatized me. He's threatened me and my parents physically and legally if I ever try to commit him or get him arrested. The funny thing is, he has a good job that makes him good money yet he still makes everyone miserable, mentally torturing my parents just because he can and has no sympathy at all for us.

I seriously don't know what else to do. He is a fucking nightmare that I cannot escape and neither can my parents. My dad's also sick with an enlarged prostate and my mom is a timid, feeble older woman who can't put her foot down, she just keeps taking his shit and coddling him despite how much she mentally suffers from his verbal abuse. I don't want this abuse to happen to my parents anymore and I don't want to hurt them by taking my life, but I don't know what else to do other than end my suffering. Maybe then my family finally will realize how good of a son I really was and my death will also let them finally see how much of a narcissistic piece of shit my brother is and have him committed indefinitely.

EDIT: I want to kill myself and I am ready to end it all now. I'm absolutely done with this shitty life and the people in it.