Pointed towards here. Pointless, but whatever.I'm tired of life. I'm too exhausted to continue much longer. I'm in my twenties and I've fucked up every goal I've set. 

In the past five years... 
I got picked on severely in high school; caused depression and me to only do enough work to pass with a D average. I joined the military; I fucked that up due to depression. I was admitted to the psyche ward and I visited therapists and psychiatrists for a year. I finally met a girl and fell in love with her. I dated her for 4 months before she dumped me over bullshit reasoning. I became depressed and started drinking and partying with the friends I had. I met a few more girls in the next year who cheated on me or dumped me for other guys. All the break ups caused me to not trust others or myself. I started lifting and getting in shape. I felt good about my body now that I was bigger and gained more confidence. I continued drinking to deal with people. I was dumped again, lost my job and my sister died. I tried committing suicide in a wreck and received serious injuries. I betrayed the few friends I had left and robbed them because I was fed up with them. I have had only acquaintances since I betrayed my core friends. I knew my acquaintances used me for my money, but I ignored it.

I finally moved and was able to start a new life... 
I couldn't find work for 7 months in my new city. It's hard to meet anyone my age because they do not trust strangers here. I now work a minimum wage job unable to afford living on my own and live with my parents. My job is miserable and there are no other jobs here. I haven't been in a relationship for 2 years. I'm now very self conscious about my physical looks. I hide it and appear very confident in public though I get the cold shoulder whenever I want to speak to a woman. I noticed women are only attracted to men with degrees and whom make a lot of money. I tried to go to college, but my parents will not give me their information for FAFSA. I fell under homeless after filling out the form. I gave up on it when I was notified of that status. I have no talents, I think. I think maybe my ability to thoroughly analyze and think about how to execute something and plan it out so I don't get caught might be a talent, but it's no good in everyday society. I have horrible work history and nothing special to put on resumes. I contemplate robbing drug dealers or the rich to compete finacially in society. I do not trust anyone. I hate my my parents and my family. I'm so pissed that they kept me alive after my first attempt. It put me in debt and caused me criminal damaged (what kind of fucking country punishes people for attempting to kill themselves?)

I'm currently saving up money to buy a gun to kill myself with. (I want it to be certain this time) I should be able to reach this goal come winter. My acquaintances and family won't even know I'm gone. I will probably fail at this attempt also.
I will never take drugs prescribed by shrinks or speak to them again. They are a farce of a medical field. All I want is a woman I love who loves me, a great job and a good income(even though I hate the idea of money I know it's required to be happy) and I'll be happy. That is evidently too much to ask for.

I've felt death before and it was the most euphoric feeling in the world. It's the only time I ever felt that happy. I'm going off random because I'm just typing the first things that come to my mind at the moment. It's no use telling anyone I know about this stuff because they just insult me causing me to get angry.

I'm really a nice guy. I want nothing but to help people. At the same time I also hate people and want to do nothing but hurt them for all the shit people have put me through. I'm smart or so I think I am. Maybe I've just convinced myself overtime that I am smart? The brain is a powerful organ and holds the ability to believe anything overtime. I don't even know why I'm posting here because any responses are just people acting like they care. It's not like they can do anything. Some guy isn't gonna come a long and be like "here I got a job offer for you that you'll love!" it'll never happen. Maybe I'm just curious at the responses I get. This post is probably the equivalent of some MTV show in entertainment value for people here. I'm filled with so many regrets. Fuck it, it's whatever.
