My teenage neighbor is threatening suicide to her family, and screaming. i overheard her threats and I'm not sure if i should intervene.i was laying in bed when i heard screaming. i went outside to find out where it was coming from, and it turns out its the neighbor. so i listen for a bit to try to determine what is going on exactly and from what i heard i wasnt sure what to do.

shes a young kid, maybe a freshman in highschool or younger that i know of. she's in her room last i could hear, with the window open. she was screaming and crying, when a lady came in (mom/step mom?) and they started fighting. the lady was upset at the ruckus the kid was making, and it didnt sound pleasant, i dont think they really like eachother from what i gathered, but then after a few back and forth yelling matches the kid threatened to kill herself. this is where my dilemma is. 

im not new to the idea of someone using suicide threats as a means to get attention or get their way, but ive always thought to treat every threat like it was a real threat. im not sure whether i should call 911 anonymously or just leave it for what it is.

as of this post, im brand new to this sub, i am just looking for an answer of opinion on what i should do, so im sorry for anything that may be confusing or posted wrong. if you have any other questions, just ask.



a few more details:
she seems like a young troubled kid. this wouldnt be the first time shes threatened it. a few months ago the cops came to my door looking for a middle schooler who lived at my address (there isnt anyone under the age of 20 in my house) and this neighbors address is only 2-3 numbers off from mine (1106 is my address number, theirs could be up or down from that.), could easily be confused. from what i could kind of take from the few times ive seen her, she does seem a bit depressed, but more up and down(maybe like you'd describe someone with bipolar disorder).

me and my brother have different views on what to do. i see it as a cry for attention and dont know how to treat it, my brother sees it as shes being crazy and we should call the cops regardless. i dont want to be the reason a family is torn apart though.

anyone available to talk me through this a little bit?