I am happy and fulfilled in my life but I want to be gone/disappear Dear folks, Life can carry us into many directions yet I am battling some very specific issues. Namely, I am 29 year old female, living abroad as an expat in Eastern Europe. I have undergone many challenging situations as a child, from sexual, physical and verbal abuse and the majority of my life I was aimlessly trying to drown my anger and frustrations in different ways, be it relationships, alcohol, gaming, changing the country. Around my mid 20s i started picking up the pieces and forming myself into a healthy individual, I've read self help books, visited a therapy on a weekly basis for more than a year. So in the last few years I have done what I always wanted to do and fulfilled my life goals, ie got a stable job, a nice flat (renting, but still), sustainable lifestyle, good friends, fulfilling hobbies, Ive learned piano, practiced drawing, visited every concert of every band I have wanted to (which was a big deal to me). I have even had all the sex I was interested on having and was lucky enough to travel to the vast majority of the places I wanted to see.  


Everything that was "up to me" so to say, I achieved. One of the big wishes I had since the very early 20s, was to have a healthy relationship and become a mother. I have had huge struggles to sustain any sort of relationship as they all ended up with some alarming behaviour (and of course I was responsible for my nastiness as well,but i never disrespected my partners and i always tried hard to perserve it) therefore i had 4 relationship in life, lasting for at least a year, which ended in either unwillingness to move in together, extreme jealousy, cheating...you name it. I have eventually made my peace with the fact that I am simply not cut for it, I have done everything that was within my power, including long periods for myself only, not looking for anything "actively". I am not getting any younger, plus according to the gynecologist, it would be difficult for me to get pregnant anyway, so I do not want to be a disappointment. Therefore I rather volunteered in a local shelter and helped people making their lives better in my free time.  


Now here I am, left with no real responsibility, bound to absolutely nothing and no one and fulfilling what I could. I would, ideally, take a few more months to finalize certain things, ie to make the cookbook of my recipes for others to use, to describe my life lessons, I wanted to go someplace nice and peacefully pass away. I started planning the details, actually. Mind you, I do not feel depressed, sad or hopeless per se, I just feel like i am somehow done. Imagine,the feeling when after a long day of work and managing everything, you know, going shopping, taking care of animals, family, planning holidays etc., you are tired and you go to sleep? You think to yourself, sure,it would be nice to have a bubble bath and a sauna before bed, it would be awesome to go outside on the bedroom balcony for a cigarette and an expensive champaigne and relax on the water bed i kinda wanted to try, but hey, everything is done, I took time for myself and my needs, nothing or no one is left behind, I feel good about myself. That is how I feel about myself now.  


As it goes for the future. I know, everyone says that you can "meet your partner later in life" and so on, but I simply think it is too late for me, also because of the pandemics. Simply, even if i by any chance meet someone tomorrow, that would take some time for getting to know each other, investing into a common real estate, getting pregnant, being pregnant, so best case scenario I have my first kid when I am 33, let alone second kid or potentially some more. Assuming I am able to get pregnant in the first place. In addition to all that could go wrong - with children, with marriage, etc. Therefore, even the stars would be perfectly aligned in this regard, so I rather made a painful decision to give up on the idea of it. Do not get me wrong, I never put my entire happiness into the idea of having a family, despite the fact that my elderly grandma, living 4h away, is all the family I have and will ever have.  
Apart from that, I am prefectly fine and grateful for everything and everyone I have. It seems to me I have ticket the checkpoints and am ready to wrap it up.  


My question would be, these ideas seem a little unconventional to me, but I have had them for quite a few months now and they are only increasing - is this normal train of thoughts? Is it a phase, should I seek help? Sadly, the offer of English speaking therapists where I live is very limited to non-existent.  


Thank you in advance and I hope i make sense!