I don't feel like I can resist much longer (wife of ten years just left me out of the blue)My wife of ten years just left me for another man. We had a storybook marriage, I thought so at least, and she sure did pretend like we did I guess.  All our friends and family are so shocked by her actions, no one saw this coming, no one suspected a thing.   


It's been 16 days since she left me, she left me in the worst possible way. She left for work and I thought everything was fine, didn't have any reason not too. A few hours later she sent me a text saying she wants a divorce, won't talk to me on the phone, won't come home, won't even reply to 99% of my text messages. I am pretty much being ghosted by the woman I've spent the last ten years building an amazing life with.   


She told me she was staying at a friends house and disabled the find my friends app we always have turned on (just for convenience out shopping and such) I asked her why she did that and she of course didn't reply. She told me for 5 days that she just needed time to think, so I gave her time and was sure she would come around, after all out of all our friends and family me and here had by far the best marriage. We use to feel sad for people who weren't as connected as us, who never fought like us, who never raised their voices to one another like us. We had a perfect marriage and would always talk about what our 50th anniversary would be like one day.   


One major detail I left out about her timing. She decided to leave me the day before a major surgery I needed. I had no one to check me out of the hospital and ended up having to fly my mom up to check me out (no friends or near by relatives could do it on such short notice) I was then left alone to recover while being really fucked up physically from the surgery (some of the worst physical pain of my life) I never complained to her about this, I didn't want to make her feel bad in anyway, I assumed the stress from work and this looming surgery and whatnot caused her to have a mini breakdown or something and I just wanted to make her life as stress free as possible while she worked threw it (at her friends house.)   


Well 5 days after my surgery I remembered I could use the find my iPhone app to see her location, the only reason I did this is because she hadn't spoken to me in days (not even text) and I was worried so I contacted the friend she was staying with to see how she was doing and tell her to call me when she gets a chance, the friend replied "I'll text her" which seemed really odd to me considering how much of a homebody both these girls are (my wife and her friend) so I looked up the location and low and behold she's not at her friends house. Well maybe she just went to visit another friend I thought. I sent her a text saying I saw her location and she isn't where she said she'd be staying, she assured me she was in fact staying with said friend and the GPS location is just wrong because of really spotty service there. I wanted to believe that so bad that I ended up convincing myself that must be what's going on. I knew what time she got off work the next day and decided to watch the live stream of the location as she drove to her friends house (just to confirm it was the gps being wonky) well low and behold she drove straight to the new house again. I called her as soon as she pulled into the driveway but she of course declined the call. All sort of alarm bells started going off then. I sent her a text message with her location and said if she didn't tell me what's going on I'd be coming down to pound of the door.   


This is when she told me about the other man, and how in love with him she is, and how wonderful he is, and how despite seeming incredible happy she'd been very unhappy for years (which I don't believe) she then listed off some  incredibly tiny problems we have (all which could have been fixed with a short honest conversation, I didn't know they were problems because she always acted like they weren't, just talking about some simple choir stuff like laundry) she then told me she's been abusing pain killers for the last 6 months and that's why she recently lost a bunch of weight (I was so proud of her for losing it and so supportive of what I thought were clean healthy efforts to get healthy)  


I feel like I've lost my whole world, I feel like I've lost my best friend and the only woman I've ever loved so intensely. She's like a completely different person now, the tone of her voice, the way she looked at me when I walked into her work to see her, everything about her actions.   
She turned down a big promotion at work she had been working towards for years, started going out to bars (she hates bars so maybe the new guy is responsible for that, I dont know) and doesn't want to even attempt to save our marriage or salvage the life we've built. I was willing to forgive her for everything, willing to see this as a huge mistake just brought on by the stresses of life but she just wants to be with the new guy now. My family is so shocked, she was so close to them all, I use to joke that they liked her more than me. She's even talking about moving across the country to be with the new guy since he's only here for a short time for work.   


I can't stop picturing them together, I can't stop seeing her look at him with her twinkling eyes the way she use to look at me, making love to him and cumming on his dick instead of mine (our sex life was amazing) rubbing his chest afterwards like she did to me, making breakfast in the mornings with a big smile like she use to do for me.   


Everyday is worst than the last, everyday is more painful than the day before. Every morning when I wake up I don't remember what's going on for a few seconds and then all the memories and pain come rushing in and I feel like a crushing weight is on me.   


I don't sleep more than 2 hours a night, I barely eat, I am off of work for a while because of this surgery so all I do is lie in bed and think, think, think. I am glad I don't have work tho because I would probably lose my job right now. I can barely bring myself to shower every couple of days.   


She bought me a nice .44 magnum revolver 8 years ago as a birthday present. I have it out of the case lately and find myself pushing it to the side of head a lot, picturing what it would be like to pull the trigger. The only thing that's been stopping me is I don't want to hurt my family. But that motivation fades a little more each day. I've even written my suicide note now to post on Facebook right before I pull the trigger. Basically just a big apology to my friends and family for being too weak to handle all this.   


I just want my old life back, I just want my best friend back but it's over now, even if she came back the trust is gone, things will never be the same, our relationship will always be shaky and weird.   


I can't stand the thought of being with another woman, she even told me she hopes I find someone soon and move on, that really fucked me up, how could she picture me with another woman and not have her heart break.  


I don't know if I'll pull the trigger or not, but the desire to do it grows everyday, honestly I'll be surprised if I make it through the week.  


I want to end my pain, but I also want to do it because she is now pretending I don't exist, that the last ten years never happened. "Well she wont have to pretend much longer" is a thought i find myself having often. I wonder if I do it if she'll even be regretful or just be relieved to be able to move on easier now with her new man.   


God I hate this.   
