I can't bring myself to do it because of the body it leaves, but I give up.I give up because there's nothing left for me here. And I don't believe in any afterlife, but hell if I care, because rotting in the ground seems more productive than what I've turned my life into.

All I ever wanted was to make some friends and maybe do something with my life. I struggled through all of elementary and middle school because I was the "nerd", the kid who loved school and loved video games. I grew up with three friends to my name, and loads of friends who used me, who were only my "friends" to help get homework done or get ahead themselves. I had shit stolen, I had my finger broken, I had death threats written to me, all because I thought these people were my "friends".

But the three I talk to became 6 in High School. I was so happy -- my group of friends doubled. Both groups of friends were a blast to hang out with. But the shit continued to be flung at me, that I wasn't good enough to hang out with other people. I was the butt end of every joke. Even the senior year yearbook had not one, but three pictures of me in an embarrassing situation. My 12 years of education were hell.

And through it all, I discovered, I have no talent. I have no skill for anything. Anything I put myself towards is just a waste of time, because I'll never be good at it. And the only thing that makes me happy, drawing things, is a waste of my time. No one appreciates if I draw something for them. No one even acknowledges I do it.

Yet I threw away my college education for it. I didn't want to do medical school or law school like my parents wanted. I wanted to be an artist. All 6 of my friends immediately started giving me shit about it, that I would starve, that they couldn't believe they were hanging out with someone who wanted a "shit degree".

I got accepted into the first college of my choice. I was, once again, extremely happy. It was a renowned school. I had to uproot my life and move across the country to the west coast, but fuck it, this is what I thought would make me happy. I discovered through the next 3 years (haven't graduated yet) that, without fail, I am the worst artist of the bunch in my classes. I'm nowhere near as good as them.

I'm nowhere near as good as my brothers. They draw furry porn. Yeah, I said wit, and I'm not lying. And yet, what little "clean" stuff they shows my parents, they love. They draw wolves or some shit that my parents have gotten framed and hung on the walls. When relatives or strangers ask who drew them, they will beam and let everyone know, "Oh, my two eldest sons!" When they ask about me, the youngest? "Oh, he's... Well, he's... Anyways, you should see some of the other stuff they've drawn! Let me go get the book." I shit you not, I'm consistently thrown to the side by my own parents.

So a recap so far: My friends threw me aside because I wanted to do what I like doing, my parents put my two older brothers on thrones while not even acknowledging what I do, nevermind the fact they've made THOUSANDS OF FUCKING DOLLARS DRAWING PORN OF FURRY PEOPLE. They don't even have the fucking courtesy of using a reference, oh no, they just draw the smut, broken limbs and all, because it's "sexy". So I bust my ass trying to improve, because I'm always the worst in my classes, and I get not a single soul letting me know that, "Hey, you're doing better than you were previously!" It's like, "You could actually try and draw space battles or fantasy characters or whatever, but you're probably better off just drawing furry people getting it on. I mean, it worked for your brothers. Who cares if you hate furries, you're poor and pathetic anyways."

So I figured I would ignore them. It gets better, that ad campaign said. I mean, I know it wasn't directed at me, but they have to be onto something. It has to get better, right?

Nope!

I sat myself down and thought, really thought, "What can I do with the skills I'm trying to learn?" I love movies and video games. I love the stories they can tell, the animation, the emotion they can evoke in people. So I thought, "I'll try and get an internship with a company that works in entertainment! That way, I will have even the slightest foot in the door!"

That'd be great, except I was turned down by every single one I applied to. Even the local west coast, smaller-business animation studios, the ones that produce shitty children's cartoons, don't want me. I'm apparently so bad at what I want to do that not even a children's cartoon, not even a good one but one that is just mindless drivel, doesn't even want me.

So what do I do? I'm a waste of everyone's time, it seems. I'm not even good enough for my own parents! So what does it matter? I just want to end it, but I'm sick of wasting everyone's time. I want to end myself in a way that won't leave a mess, but that's nigh impossible. That's literally the only thing keeping me going is knowing that there would be a body that someone has to deal with. But that won't last forever. I get closer with every time I feel like this.

I give up. I just want this to stop. 23 years of hell, and the last time I was truly happy was when I was back home with my friends, the friends that won't even speak to me anymore. I give up. What good am I?