I’m a cowardMy moods are unpredictable, I can be happy and elated one second then... this...
I just self harmed again for the first time in.. I don’t know how long it’s been, months? A year even? I hit a low point that was lower than I thought I could even go

I’m lonely, sexually frustrated, I couldn’t find anything much that made me laugh today.
I turned to porn to help me feel better but, surprise! It didn’t. I really need to quit watching that stuff

My last attempt at the dating app thing failed miserably, adding to my stress.
I couldn’t even make a deep enough cut to bleed much this time... it’s so superficial and shallow but I couldn’t cut any deeper, why? 

Because it stings and I’m a pussy coward little bitch and I can’t even cut myself properly... as I’m writing this somehow I have a neutral expression on my face and there’s no tears... I thought there might be. I don’t know what this emotion is.. not numb, but close to.
I feel absolutely pathetic and I really just want to get a good sleep so I don’t have to stay awake and fall apart... 

But even in my dreams I’m haunted sometimes... one night I dreamed I was performing an autopsy on my own rotting corpse, in a coffin in my backyard... another dream I sawed off my legs, skinned them and stored them in tanks of fluid...  I don’t know what the fuck is wrong with me, the psychiatrist told me I’d get vivid dreams with this medication but I wish I could have PLEASANT vivid dreams for once... they all felt and looked so real... my life feels fucked right now, but the other day I was thinking “you know life’s not that bad”. Now I’m back to this, but worse, because I wimpily tried to cut myself... and no release because I couldn’t bleed enough because I’m a coward! I could hear them... whispering in my conscious, you’re not good enough, you’re a hopeless coward, you can’t even draw blood, you’re just doing it for attention, superficial. I want to shut them up. When I’m cutting I switch to this weird mode where there’s not much facial expression and I kind of just do it... but I still wince when it’s painful. I don’t know anymore 
at this point I’m just rambling and I’ve lost my train of thought