Wanting to die due to guiltHey all, not entirely sure if this is the best place to post what’s going on, but here I am. I’m not going to draw this out, here’s the important stuff. 

About 6 months ago, my dog, who was my best friend, was put to sleep. She was middle aged, and she was diagnosed with a few difficult, but sometimes manageable conditions. After emergency surgery, hospitalizations, procedures, and a slew of drugs, I could no longer stand to see her suffer. The whole decline, as far as veterinarian intervention is concerned, lasted about a month. My dog was middle aged, some would say senior due to her breed. As time’s gone by, I feel I made a terrible mistake, and quite frankly, I feel like not only did I give up on her “too soon” but also that maybe euthanizing wasn’t going to be necessary at all. She went to the same vet hospital for the entirety of her lifetime (sometimes with different doctors, but she did have a primary one.) In no way, shape, or form did said vet/hospital make me believe that the fight ahead was worth it, but I’ve come across far too many successful stories of other dogs fighting the main disease that my girl had. It’s safe to say my faith is now forever shaken in the vet that, not a year ago, I would’ve trusted with anything relating to my late dog’s health. As much as I blame said vet for not recommending different treatments/doctors to help, ultimately it’s my fault. I was my dog’s advocate, I could’ve sought out different people/treatments, and I didn’t. That’s on me. Unfortunately, it’s consumed me, and the reality is I feel I killed my dog, my best friend, unjustly. What a terrible way to live. I am ashamed, and I hate myself.

Recently, I decided I wanted to try to help in some capacity. I decided I wanted to become a blood donor. I failed my girl, but maybe something good can still come from me. Not a big fan of needles or blood either, so in a way it’s almost like a punishment, which is what I feel I deserve, so that makes it better in my mind. I donated whole blood 2 weeks ago (and I can donate that every 2 months) but I was told I’d be a good fit for platelet donations (which I can donate every 2 weeks, up to 24 times a year.) platelets, with a shelf life of only 5 days, go on to help people with cancer, among other things. How great, I thought. I didn’t help my baby, but I can help lots of other people. On that, one of the conditions my vet suspected that my dog developed towards the end was immune mediated thrombocytopenia, a condition where the body destroys its own platelets. Maybe she had her reasons, maybe not, but on my dog’s final day, the vet said nothing of drugs and/or a platelet transfusion to help my girl. One of the many things I’ve since come to learn about that’s left me feeling terrible. Surely another vet might’ve suggested it, and my girl may still be here. Again, ultimately my fault, I failed as a guardian. Anyhow, platelet donation for me sounded great, almost a way to make amends on some level. 

Today was my appointment, they told me that my platelet count was below the low end of normal (according to my whole blood donation 2 weeks ago) so they needed to take a sample and check my count again. What do you know, they count came back even lower. They told me that I’m not able to donate platelets. I’m so angry about this. I didn’t help my dog when she needed me most, and now, the most effective way I could help people via blood donation isn’t possible. 

I really was banking on this blood donation deal, so that even if I’m feeling terrible (which I always am) at least I could say “well in 2 more weeks maybe I can help some kid battling cancer. Maybe I can help someone who actually wants to live.” The other options for my blood type are donation every 2-4 months. Much harder for me to look that far down the line when every day is a struggle.

I’ve mapped out ways to end my life, sure, but honestly I don’t think I can go through with them. Not because I don’t deserve to die or want to live, but because I come from a pretty broken family, and I have a long term, loving girlfriend. Parents, grandma, and girlfriend, I’d hate to hurt any of them by taking my life. 

Not to compare, but it’s almost a funny thing to me. I’ve read quite a few of the posts in this sub, and many people are angry at the world, tired of people being mean to them, tired of being an outcast to society, etc, and that’s why they want to kill themselves. Reasons that aren’t really their fault are affecting them so badly, they find themselves not wanting to live anymore. Now don’t get me wrong, I’m sympathetic to those who are on this sub due to the examples I listed, but I’m different. Maybe it’s a “grass is always greener” type of deal. I wish I could be feeling the way I’m feeling because I don’t have a lot of friends, or school is stressing me out, or my job really sucks and there’s no way out. I wish I could blame the way I feel on outside factors, because then, maybe I could get to a point where I can accept the harsh reality that we all know: Life can REALLY suck. Alas, I really can’t blame outside factors. I did a terrible thing, something that maybe wasn’t necessary, and I hate myself for it. Nobody forced me to do it, but I did. I can say I did it out of love until I’m blue in the face, which is true, but that’s not enough. The decision I made has really fucked me up, and I can’t stand to see the man in the mirror for the first time in a long time. 

I’m not a very religious guy, but I do pray occasionally. When my dog was sick, I had it in my head that she was going to die no matter what, so I prayed that she wouldn’t die alone. Didn’t bother to pray for strength to fight for her, or for her to get better. No, I prayed for her to not have to die alone. I can’t stand myself. Most recently, though, I prayed for the lord to make me sick instead of someone who wants to live. I said that he might as well make me sick and die, instead of 6 year old Timmy who only wants to play baseball, or the adventurous girl who has an inoperable, soon to be fatal brain tumor. (These are just examples, obviously, but you get the point.)

I like to think that the powers that be may listen to such a request, with all the ugly going on in the world. And if this were to happen, maybe just maybe I won’t go to hell. I don’t even know if I believe in a heaven or a hell, but I do believe if they do exist, Hell is where you go if you commit suicide. And if that’s the case, then I doubt you’ll really ever get away from the hardships that are pushing you over the edge. I mean, it’s hell right? For me, hell would be eternity of having to watch the lives of the people I hurt, how’s that going to help me? If I pray to make me sick instead of someone else, and it happens, I’ll take that as the lord saying “alright, deal.” And maybe it’ll get chalked up to a sacrifice. 

I’m rambling at this point, so I’ll wrap it up. To anyone who reads this, thank you for your time. I’m sure many here would agree that just typing out your inner most thoughts for complete strangers to read is somehow a little therapeutic. 

