I hate every small detail of being in this worldI'm posting here because I needed some sort of outlet that wasn't the rant/vent folder on my notes. So yeah,  I will start out by saying that many things have gone wrong in my life, whether by my own fault or from reasons beyond my control. I'm not going to list everything because I don't feel like telling my life story, but here are the two worst and most recent:

&amp;#x200B;

1. Year-long abusive relationship...heard and saw many things that are permanently engrained in my mind and gained negative coping habits and reactions that will stick with me for a long time, also damaged my relationship with my family, will never have their trust again. As a result of the relationship, lost the opportunity to travel for my degree, among other things...essentially gave up everything for this person who gave no fucks, everything was wrong in his eyes.
2.  Finally leave the person, have a few good months before I'm diagnosed with a chronic illness that fucks up my entire body and I almost die.

I'm sick of reliving all these memories, good and bad. The good will never come back and the bad will have lasting damage on my life. Every day is the same shit. I cannot and will never be able to put into words the immense amount of pain I feel, and the awful things I have seen. 

The happiness and success of others kills me. I am certain that the sense of isolation I feel is one that no one else feels. I am even afraid to like something too much, to have something I like even be mentioned for fear that someone will corrupt it for me, and I will have nothing safe left. 

No words can describe what I am feeling, I wasn't able to cry for months until today, when I realized I have no more options. Nothing I'm saying is coherent. Whatever, who cares. There is much more but I'm gonna leave it at this. I'm tired of the fakeness that surrounds me, the façade I have to put on, and just going to sleep every night, only to wake up and still be alive. I don't want to be here, I don't want to be anything at all, I don't want to exist in any way. If all these people are going to live their lives without consequences for their actions, let them be happy, fuck it. Just leave me out of it, leave me out of existing.