I'm lostI just withdrew from college, saying that I would return at a later date. I just got into a fight with a friend who i've been friends on and off for several years now, and they were becoming jealous that I had other friends, and today they blocked me. I know it's a toxic relationship, but I know how good of a friend they can be, and I don't want to give up on them but I think they just gave up on me. This isn't my first friend i lost, I lost a friend a few years ago that i was close with. We had our own youtube channel together and we did videos together. But i got caught up with my ex and neglected him and he cut off ties with me. I tried for months to get him to come back and he wanted nothing to do with me. 

All i can think about how is this any different, I care about my friend, but they're also one of the only people in this world that understand me on a somewhat personal level. I have other friends, but they only know my username. This person knows my name, and even if they became jealous and wanted only my attention, all I can think about is how pathetic my friendships have become. I want them back, at this point even if it hurts I can't go through telling someone else my problems who doesn't relaly know me, nor do I wanna spend months of energy only to be shot down. 

I don't have much energy left anymore for anything, I only realized it a few weeks ago, but suicide and ending my life have been in the back of my mind for a long time now, almost a month. Things that I used to enjoy, like playing competitive video games with my team fortress 2 highlander team don't bring me much joy anymore. I was already failing college so i left before i drew up enough debt, but I'm already at a bill of $1,500 with no savings to back me up. I've tried coming out to some of my team, which is my next closest friend circle, but I know deep down that once our team dies so will most of our friendships. I don't have any desire to reach out to anyone anymore, I don't see the need to put myself in the line of fire if people just hurt me whenever i become close with someone. I dont want to see the room I'm in that reminds me of what a disgusting piece of shit I am. When I was younger I did some sexually inappropriate things to a girl a few years younger than me that seem to haunt me almost every day, reminding me that I should be in jail, that I should be labeled as a sex offender do no one who is worth a damn in life should be near me. 

That was over 8 years ago, but I honestly don't even remember. My mother has lived in washington my whole life, and while i know she loves me there's nothing that can be done to replace those years I had without her. My dad is the closest family member i've ever met, but he's a racist and insensitive asshole who does care for me and my future, but only to certain points. He's proven it time and time again he doesn't really know how I feel, even if I straight up tell him I need help, he doesn't understand and assumes I just have a shitty attitude. I can't take this anymore. 

Everyday I see so many good people around me, and it just makes me realize what a piece of pathetic shit I've been for years. I've become angry and loud towards other people, hoping that it makes me feel something, something else besides pain, or sadness, or anything. I always tell myself i"m too much of a coward to end my own life but I don't know how long that will last. I don't want medication because I don't want to become dependent on drugs that only prolong and push the problem away, and I tried talking to a therapist already. I didn't know how to tell them about how worthless I feel, and I don't think anyone who hasn't been close to me for long (which is about 0 at this point), would understand how they can help me. I don't even know what I want anymore, I just want it to stop. 

I don't even know what it is i want from this post, maybe some words of encouragement, someone to say that I matter, maybe it will make me feel better, maybe it won't do anything. Maybe I just want attention, and i'm not actually feeling depressed, since I can't cry no matter how hard I try. Maybe it'll get me to stop staying up till 6 am writing this.