First Girlfriend Destroyed What Little Life I Had LeftI don't know if this belongs here. I don't know if it will get removed. This has been shortened extremely, there's some parts of it I'd wish to tell, just so people would know my side. 

Before her I was a lifeless loser. If I could muster up the courage to talk to someone, they'd either think I was mentally challenged or too narcissistic to carry a decent conversation with them. I'm extremely socially awkward so I'd start twitching and sweating when confronted with social activity aside from people very close to me. Somehow, I managed to find some power to talk to this girl on the bus home, and she was my type, right? She liked my music, wore my kind of clothes, had emotional trauma like me.

Some quick background information, in middle school my mom and dad got divorced. He got home from a year in Iraq expecting a large bill he never received, so he was unemployed for a long time, dragging the entire family down. We were on food stamps for a while, so I always smelled bad and was around 70 pounds. Kids at my school would think I was anorexic or a girl, because I could never afford a haircut. My dad ended up becoming a drunk/pothead and abused me and my brother, some situations being him carrying a gun around the house, threatening to burn the house down, beating me and my brother, etc.

So I was a junior when I met her, she was a senior. Her freshman year, she got dumped by her "perfect boy" and went crazy over him. Had hundreds of cut marks when she showed up to his house, and the police were called. She shared alot of those personal stories with me, made me think we had a special connection, right? 

I was constantly afraid she would cheat on me, because I was insecure about myself and had abandonment issues. She never helped me with it, only made me feel worse about myself. I still attached myself to her, and she ended up abusing me verbally and sometimes physically, alot. She gaslighted me (made me question my own sanity) and got me put in a mental hospital. The 5 days spent in there I considered hanging myself with the bedsheet, intensely. I cried in the shower. They tried to put me on Zoloft, a drug according to my dad that the military puts vets on with PTSD.

Let's just say within the 5 months we were together, she made me constantly question her loyalty, abused me verbally nonstop (calling me retarded, pathetic, worthless, that no one would miss me, everyone hated me, I was a deadbeat, etc.)

A week ago I left her, after questioning if she still had feelings for the "perfect guy." She told me she was using me to not be lonely. The girl I put my heart and soul into, never gave up on, the girl I shared my deepest secrets with, told me she hated me, never loved me, that she would tell everyone my secrets.

To add onto the pain, a couple days ago she sent me a picture of another guy with a hicky who was shirtless, and said she slept with him. I'm heartbroken. I don't know if I'm insane, I don't know what I did wrong, I don't know why she doesn't love me or value the same memories I do, I'm just lost. Ontop of it she made all my friends take her side, so now I have no friends, my mom's sick of my drama, so the only real person in my life is my dad. The guy that once almost crushed my head in with a 24 case of sodas he threw down the stairs. 

I can't begin to describe the loneliness, worse than before I even met her, or the constant pain I'm feeling. Depression, anxiety of wondering if she's sleeping with him right now, crying whenever I glance at a piece of clothing we bought at the mall together, I can't move on from this. I'm trapped inside hell. 

If you've read through this, thank you. You're now another human being who knew my side of the story, maybe someone will get it out there so when I'm gone my reputation won't be completely slandered...

I'm going to go down an entire bottle of ibuprofen and take a nice, hot, bath, up to my neck now. Here's hoping if I don't die from overdosing I'll drown.