No matter what I do I can't be happy.No matter what I do I can't feel happy. 
Things just always seem to go wrong for me, no matter what I do. When anything good ever happens, it lasts for one day max and the next day, it gets taken from me. Ripped from my fucking hands. It could be anything—something small, something big . . . No matter what it is, if it brings me any kind of joy or comfort, something always happens.
I realized a while ago that for the past few years I have almost never had a single day where I haven't cried. Me crying normally lasts from anywhere around five minutes to five hours. People always describe me as a sensitive person, and I don't disagree with that. But things have happened to get me to that point. I've tried really hard before to not be so sensitive, but it's difficult for me to know when I'm overreacting or when I'm underreacting. I never know. Sometimes I think everything is okay, and someone has to tell me, "No, that person shouldn't have treated you like that! That's horrible, that's literally abuse!" for me to even know that something is actually going on. And sometimes, I think everything is literally Hell until someone tells me, "It's honestly not that big of a deal. Stop being a crybaby." but to me, it was a big deal.
Even though for the past few days I haven't cried, I've felt absolutely miserable. I'm so sad that I can't even cry anymore. I feel empty. I've stopped talking to all of my friends because their advice is worthless to me at this point. It's always the same thing. "Distract yourself." I can't. I can't distract myself, because if I'm sad, that's all I can think about. Nothing makes me happy anymore. I used to spend all my time drawing or writing or playing video games, but none of that makes me happy anymore. It actually bores me now. Nothing interests me when I feel this way. But the rare times where I do feel happy for one day, I feel like I can do anything, and nothing can stop me (and of course, something stops me the next day).
I guess my point is, I want to stop suffering. I've considered suicide as an option many, many, many times, but I can never bring myself to actually go through with it because I'm afraid of going to Hell. I'm afraid that I'll have suffered all these years and then it'll all be for nothing. I'll feel weak. That's why, I almost know that I won't ever kill myself. But I'm scared. I'm scared because that's the one thing that's stopping me from killing myself. The fear of Hell. That's the one and only thing. So . . . What if one day I'm so upset that I lose complete faith? What if I'm so angry that I just do it without a second thought? I don't want that to happen. I just want to be happy, but I can't. I can't be happy. 