Nightly therapeutic rantsI did this last night. I'm doing this to get it all out, really. Like the end of a Shane Koyczan poem, or something. You don't need to reply.

Today, some classmate (after brief conversation, him being an asshole) told me to kill myself. I asked him "What if someone you told that to really did?" All he said is, "They wouldn't." Laughed it off. I've made the realization before, and it really just pissed me off, but it's pretty obvious that nobody has any idea what the hell they're doing, and the 'grown-ups' aren't much better because they pretend to understand like I pretend to be happy.  Years of practice, all of us. Same day, right after, actually, somebody commented about there being "no real suicidal people" or something like that. Being in the bad mood that I was, I basically told them I considered suicide. They thought I was kidding.

I know that at this point I've become some character of slightly more than "ugh, I didn't study I want to die" and into some moderately dangerous subjects. People got used to it. And honestly, suicide doesn't seem like a completely terrible option - in that it's not as terrible as everyone thinks, not that I want to do it right now. I mean, I could end it easy-peasy-killmepleas-y, but mneh. Not really motivated to do that rn. Anyways. I'm going to get back on the metaphorical track, metaphorical in the sense that there is none, not that it physically doesn't exist. ANYWAYS.

My brother is also a huge asshole, without realizing it. He has problems and I'm fine with him getting pissed off but after the thoughts started it pisses me off to here him complain about how "people are.... people are just bad" and "ugh kill me" because he's mentally stable and saying all these things for no reason. There's not reason or truth to any of it. Of course, he's being the average high-schooler but unsurprisingly that pisses me off. Oh boy, I guess I'm being ridiculous and annoying now.

In other news (aka lightning round of problems): I like my straight friend. I have 2 friends. One of them is the above liked one, the other has been sick for a month now and has a concerning family situation. I hallucinated my subconsciously built personification of my inner demons multiple times over the past month. I'm an insomniac, 7 hours of sleep this entire week. I have no motive to do any of my schoolwork. Pretty much anybody irl would throw me in a straightjacket if I told them any of this. Video games don't even make me happy anymore. I can barely read people anymore - I used to be in total control and now I feel powerless and confused. I wanted to grow my nails out but all I can do is pick away, so they never extend beyond my fingertips. I could go on, but I'm too tired.