I'm in a really weird situation right now, and I need to talk about it.I have three main issues right now. Isolation, family tension, and unemployment/having nowhere to live. Sorry this is such a long fucking essay. Sorry it's a mess. 

First of all, I'm NOT going to kill myself tonight, so if you guys know of a better place to post this, please let me know. I feel so hopeless.

Isolation. I'm socially awkward. The thing is, I know there are a lot of people who will dismiss people who claim to be awkward. I don't know how I can even prove that I'm awkward. I just am. I have no friends, but when I'm with new people I'm so bad at talking that I fucking psyche them out, drive them away immediately. I'm getting angry just typing it because I know people don't usually believe people who say that. I HAVE NO FRIENDS. I'M REALLY REALLY REALLY FUCKING ALONE. 
Anyway. Parents. That feels too personal to get into here, but they're worried about me, and the more worried they get, the harder they make my life for me. They recently took away the laptop they had been lending me, which is making it really difficult to continue my job search. Also I don't have access to the computer games I play, which means no human interaction. ...at all.  None. It gets to the point where I get excited if my mom goes out for an hour because it means I can sneak onto a computer and play a game.

I am an adult!!! I have no idea how to get out of here!!!

The days have blurred together for about a month now. I wake up. Go for a walk in the park. Lie in bed. Stare at the ceiling. Read a book. Die a little. Sleep. Repeat. 

I think the reason I posted here instead of to /r/offmychest or something is that I feel like I already died mentally years ago. I have no idea when I'll decide to die on the outside too. I'm worried I'll snap, man. Just do it. Jump off a bridge tomorrow or run onto a highway next week or drink a carton of bleach next month. Who knows, man. I'm just hopeless. I have no idea how to make it out of this isolation.
The biggest thing that scares me about suicide is the possibility of getting it wrong. Surviving an attempt would be so fucking awful I can't stand to even try

I know I'd actually be happy if I were out of this house and employed and exercising regularly and had my own laptop for games. They're such simple solutions. I WANT those things. I thought they'd be so easy to get. But I'm still here, at home, in so so so so much pain.

Even if you can't help me just someone fucking say something, I want someone to acknowledge my pain, I want someone to notice I exist, I want someone to tell me it's not all my fault, even if it is. Please. Help me.