there’s no other optionever since i was 11 i have been severely depressed. one might say, “no you weren’t, you were just sad”, but i truly feel that i have been depressed. i am now 14, and things have been getting far worse than i could ever imagine. 

last year, i fell in love with this girl who fell in love with me. i asked her out and to my surprise she said yes, but she wanted to wait a week or so. i thought nothing much of it, until three weeks had passed and nothing was said about going out. a few days later i was suspended from school for a day. the worst thing for me about that day wasn’t actually getting suspended, but it was how upset i was about how disappointed she was. i never want to hurt anyone, nor did i intend to hurt her, but i could see that she was in pain. the man she loved was now considered a bad person. for the three or so months after that day, i couldn’t get over it and i was at the lowest of lows. we stopped talking, she blocked me on snapchat, we stopped hanging out, no one i asked about it said anything. this moment was the worst moment of my life at the time. towards the end of september last year, my english teacher decided that i was to be the punching bag of the class, calling me spineless, not self-directed, and irresponsible, even though i was the top student in the class at the time. a week before this happened, she told me off for not asking her a question, so that week i decided to ask a question, and i got in trouble for it. the question was related to what we were doing in class at the time but she refused to help before throwing rude remarks towards me.

skip forward to the start of this school year. i am now in year 10, and i hoped that the year before could stay where it was. but it didn’t. nothing much happened in the first two months of school, until i fell in love with this other girl, who also happened to fall in love with me. over the holidays we hung out, watched movies together, cuddled, the sort of thing lovers do. this brings us to two weeks ago. it was a friday, just after school, when i decided to ask her out. she said yes, but this time is wasn’t to my surprise as she’d told me she was ready to date, but i wasn’t. the very next day, i went to her house, and we kissed. it wasn’t out of the blue but i also wasn’t expecting it. i can safely say that kissing her was and still is the greatest moment of my life. ever since then, i’ve developed a reliance on seeing her, and whenever i don’t see her i get really upset. as it happens i am in the middle of an exam period, where i have to study for exams. over the past few days i’ve been saying things that upset her, and i feel really bad about it. i always apologise whenever i go off on a tangent like i did last night, but last night was different. i started talking about how i’m an embarrassment to our friend group and how immature i am. she said, “babe stop!” and i knew immediately that i had gone too far. she said she wanted to talk about it in the morning before saying good night. normally whenever she goes to bed i say, “love you” and “sleep well”, but i couldn’t say either of the two without her saying them first. i’ve noticed since, that i am no longer her #1 best friend on snapchat, and she has also taken her location off the snap map for me, which doesn’t bother me too much. it is currently 10:09am as i write this, and i texted her at 9:12am, to which she hasn’t responded. she doesn’t wake up later than 8:30am, so i assume that she is ignoring me, but the thing is, i need to talk to her, about anything. we had plans to go out for lunch today but last night her parents said no. whenever we kiss i get more and more attached to her, which means that whenever i don’t see her i get more and more down. this morning when i woke up i was hoping for a text or anything from her, but nothing came. i was hoping to just talk to her about our situation but now i know that i can’t because this morning i started thinking about suicide. 

i believe that in a community there is a certain amount of pain and i believe that in my community, i have taken most of that pain. i know i have to go, but if it’s to the detriment of everyone else, i don’t think i should. i feel like taking one for the team is that best option, but i have been doing so for the past 3 years. if i do decide to die, i think that i should break up with her to soften the blow a bit. but i don’t want to break her heart, then suddenly disappear. i truly care about her and want what’s best for her, and if she’s happy whilst i’m suffering, that isn’t a problem for me, but i am only human, and i can only take so much. this morning i started at myself in the mirror and cried one single tear. i believe that tear signifies how lonely i am even when i have friends and family around me. 

i can’t help but think that i’m the only person in the world and every emotion i’ve felt, everyone i’ve met, everything i’ve done, was planned out just for me. the sad thing about my theory is that there’s no way at all to disprove it. i no longer want to feel pain, but i don’t want other people to feel pain because i’m not there to feel it. if someone has read all this, i am begging you to please help me. i don’t know what i should do to stop all this. 

TL;DR i’m severely depressed and need help. someone please help me before it’s too late. 