I've been battling depression since I was 12 and I'm 24 now and I'm not sure how to tell my husband without him thinking its his fault.I can't remember the last time I felt alive. It's not my husbands fault, its mine. He is very supportive I constantly talk to him about my feelings, but i never admitted to myself or said anything in regards to suicide until last night. I said "I wish I had no will power so I could kill myself and make it all disappear. I actually stopped and thought about what had just come out of my mouth. My husband kind of stopped and said "wait, why would you actually want that?" I just kind of froze and started crying. "Why did I say that" I kept questioning myself and I still am three days later. Its definitely not his fault. I love him with all my heart but I hate who I am. I have no job at the moment and I've been battling trichotillomania for 14 years and counting. So I'm constantly going bald and haven't had lashes or eyebrows in over 7 years. I know I'm ugly without them because of how much i was bullied when I was younger and in school. I'm not happy with myself and I'm not sure what to do. I've been trying so hard to be better but I've lost it all recently. I feel like I have nothing to live for. I have zero goals and aspirations I dont have any career options in line. I literally only stay home all day and do nothing. I'm not good at anything and I dont think I ever will be at this point. I don't have anything to look forward to and it scares me. How am i supposed to tell my husbanf this without him blaming himself?he hasn't done anything wrong, in fact, he's doing everythinf right. He reassures me and makes me feel more positive about everything. But when he's gone I forget everything and revert to my old mentality. We can't afford therapy so I'm working on myself alone and with advice from other posts to get out and try getting some freah air or a gym membership. Those worked sp well for a while, but eventually I stop doing those things and come back to the dark that I feel I'll never escape.