17 years old, 16 years with a drug addict motherI’m 17 years old and for 16 years of my life I’ve had to live with my drug addicted mother. I live in West Virginia which is known as one of the worst drug addicted states in the U.S. Ever since we moved to a new house within the same state my mother had begun the habit of pill-popping and over the years developed into a habit of smoking crack and shooting up heroin. My father has been there for us and my two sisters for the entirety of her drug abuse and has beaten himself down into almost bankruptcy due to supporting my mother’s habits and just trying to keep our family afloat (father has never touched any illegal drug himself). The last 16 years of my life have been miserable. I’ve grown up without any love or affection whatsoever and never had experienced it truly. We have been poor most of the 16 years and it has driven my father’s stress so badly that overtime he had developed many health concerns. By the time I reached the age of understanding (around 12 y/o) I struggled with depression and suicidal thoughts and tendencies, I’m still coping with it to this day. I’ve been to therapy and was told to have severe PTSD. I’ve had two attempts in the last year, and am still contemplating. Recently, I fell out of a relationship that actually made things seem okay. I started dating this girl the first day I met her. She happened to be a nerdy, smart, caring, and a bit bossy. She really was unlike anyone I’ve ever been infatuated with. At the time I was behind in all my classes, struggling at home with the worst case of depression I’ve ever had, and just overall slowly fading away. This girl was so brave to take all of my baggage on, I couldn’t help but fall hard. She put me on the right track. I was at the top of my classes again and actually taking ahold of my life and making it go somewhere. This relationship lasted a year, a year free of worry and hardship really. Once it was over, everything went back to the way it used to be. That was two months ago and I’ve gone nowhere but downhill since then. After years of feeling nothing this was a huge change. You can’t just take that away after a year and expect things to be as happy as they have been. 
Everyone says things will get better, they have been for 16 years. But out of all those years, only one has been worth staying for. Other than that it’s all gone downhill. I really don’t know where else to go with this other than I’m the most suicidal I have ever been and it’s a constant thought in my head. I don’t know where else to go or what to do. 