I never thought I would, but here we are...I've dealt with depression of varying degrees of severity for most of my life. I've become very good at dealing with it, and believed that I would never be at risk of suicide. No matter how bad things got, I could always start from nothing and work my way up; nothing to lose.

Well, I made a terrible life mistake.

I fell in love and got married and now my problems are affecting him. My lack of an education, my inability to get a job because of that lack (despite my years of experience and my excellent skills) ... it's hurting him. He and I hatched a plan to get my/our life on track. We were so optimistic. His optimism gave me life and I knew things would be better ... but things didn't improve.

He's worked so hard to provide for us, and the longer I spend with him, the more I see him wearing out and down. Despite my efforts to find work, any work. It's really getting to him - he sees how hard I try, he sees my incredible potential, he knows first hand how good I am at what I do ... and it really bewilders and discourages him that no one is willing to give me a chance. It's driving him as insane as it used to drive me.

And now here comes that tired, cliche phrase: He would be better off without me.

I mean that rationally, not just emotionally.

Without me, he wouldn't be saddled with the burden of paying for *two* of us. He has three degrees and loving, middle-class parents. He will be just fine. He can continue to progress through life, doing better and better. I am literally dragging him down. I am the worst thing to ever happen to him, and seeing his sunny face become tired, worn, and sunken is destroying me because I know I'm the reason.

I'm hurting the one I love the most by being an incurable loser.

I love him too much to let this continue. I'm trying and doing everything I can think of to get us out of this but, the only rational thing I can think of is to either divorce him or to kill myself. Divorce is out of the question, he'd never agree to it.

So I have a plan. I have a lot of booze leftover. I will drink as much of it as I can, then I will go to the bridge downtown and I will fall into the frozen river. I will be too drunk to care or to know what's really happening. The cold will eventually make me tired, I'll fall asleep, slip into the water, and hopefully never found.

I don't want to die. I'm afraid, but this is the only rational solution I can come up with that is of the greatest possible benefit to everyone involved. He deserves better, he deserves a chance; I need to set him free. I owe him that much.