Made an attempt on my life two nights ago, now what?I posted on here that I was planning to walk to a nearby parking garage and jump off. I put on my headphones and took my bottle of whiskey with me and walked about ten blocks. I was walking past a nearby community college as class was getting out and a random guy (Fred) saw me walking by, obviously upset and crying hysterically, and stopped me to talk. I don't remember most of the conversation as I was still chugging whiskey but we discussed his time in the military and his own struggles etc. I think I was with him about an hour or so. At some point my girlfriend and 2 year old daughter returned to our apartment and found my suicide letter on my screen. I must have answered her phone calls because my next memory is standing outside our apartment building with her (and my daughter) and Fred. I guess i tried breaking the bottle over my head several times but was finally calmed down enough to make it upstairs, where I (am told) promptly proceeded to post my suicide letter on facebook. It was only up for a few minutes but two of my friends saw it and shared it with my sister who lives in another state. My mother was also called by my girlfriend as events were unfolding. 

I don't want to make judgement on my girlfriend's reaction to everything that happened but I have to admit it is confusing and upsetting. Our relationship has been rocky for a long time (sort of a stay together for the kids sort of thing, I also have a 9 year old daughter from a previous relationship), but she has been very distant from me since yesterday morning, moreso than normal. I don't know what I expect, maybe some gesture to show she cares? A hug or any sort of affection or a "I love you, don't ever do this again. Let's get you help, let's fix everything" or something... But so far she has just said she is ready to talk when I am, and we are hopefully planning to get away from the kids this weekend for a bit to...talk. My mom sent me a text yesterday morning asking if I am okay and if there is anything she can do but nothing since. My sister has also not reached out to me. How should I interpret this? I have no doubt that my mother and my sister love me very much and that if they read the letter (or even just knowing about what happened) they would be very upset. I think. 

What do I do now? I despise my psychiatric office as a whole. I am on Medi-Cal so my only mental health options are the clinic i go to or cash clinics, which I can in no way afford. I want help, I want to live for my daughters. If I died my oldest daughter would be absolutely devastated as we are VERY close (I raised her mostly alone). I don't know what needs to be done immediately to help. I am still very emotionally injured by my "attempt" the other night and although I am not worried that I will make another attempt in the next few days, I am desperate for some guidance as to what I should do or how I should act. Should I reach out to my family? 

A few of you reached out to me in my post the other night and while I did not see the comments until the morning, your sentiments were appreciated and helped a bit with my hangover. Thanks for reading. 