The person I tried to open up to left me on read.I don’t know what I expected. 

“Relationship”/unrequited love problems and general suicidal thoughts incoming. I’m sorry for the semi-incoherent ramble. I’m so tired.

I just told the guy I’m in love with about how I’ve been feeling. He does not like emotionally fueled conversations and I let him know that, even though I felt bad about venting to him, he was the only person I’d care to open up to precisely because he is lead by logic so much more and I needed his rational thoughts.

I told him that I’ve been feeling like I’m a worthless waste of space who can’t live life unless someone is holding their hand and guiding them through it, telling them what to do. I feel like I have no purpose other than doing whatever I can or is required of me in order to make other people happy.

I don’t have a job. I’m not going to school anymore. I feel like I have no more direction or purpose and no ambitions of my own (other than “do what other people think I’m useful for”). 

Even though I know that it isn’t right for me to depend on other people, I know nothing else. And ever since meeting this guy and falling in love with him I have made it my purpose to make him happy.

He reassured me our feelings were mutual and he told me he loved me before I told him. But he was not ready to make anything official despite that.

Long story short, I realized that his love is just very conditional. He isn’t willing to put in the effort. And even though he could love me if all obstacles were removed, he does not care enough to make me a priority. By the time I realized this I was in love.

I feel like I’ve lost my purpose because of it. If I can’t make him happy, what else am I supposed to do? 

I’m too (socially) anxious and depressed to look for a job. He motivated me enough to actually want to go and do it, though. That motivation is now gone. 

I feel like I’m just waiting to die or to be saved. What’s the point in being alive if I have to depend on others to give my life any sort of meaning at all?

I only told him that I was feeling worthless and suicidal. Not about the depending on him; I feel pathetic enough admitting that to myself. Despite that, in the middle of me opening up to him, he stopped replying for over an hour.

Even though I told him I wanted to die.
Even though I told him I only cared about his support.

It just confirms my fears of being nothing but a nice temporary distraction to him even though I stupidly let myself decide to love him unconditionally.

I feel lost and useless.