My close childhood friend lost to her demons last November.Hi SW-

As my title says, C lost to her demons a couple months ago. I still can't get a grip on it. 

We met in middle school, which in general, is an awkward time for everyone. We instantly clicked. Even at my young age,I could sense something about her wasn't right (Even 15 years before her death) I eventually moved away to attend highschool in another city, because my mother simply couldn't sit still or keep a stable relationship. 

C and I still kept in contact though, we talked on the phone nearly every day, and when I was able to drive I would visit on weekends I wasn't working at my fast food job. We both went away to college and I remember that first year, it was so hard being apart but we still kept close. 

C came home at Thanksgiving break, and had to tell her mother she was pregnant and dropped out of school to raise the baby. She stayed with the child's father, ended up having two more (put the third one up for adoption because the father ended up in prison). Her life really was in shambles. I feel guilty for slowly backing away but I never shut my door to her. 

She eventually moved to our hometown to be closer to her parents so she would have help with the two children she was raising alone, she got on her feet. She was earning a decent salary and was able to provide a nice home for her kids. I was very proud of her. 

Remember how I mentioned before that something about her wasn't quite right? This poor girl's parents were addicts and eventually lost custody of C when she was around 6. Her father wanted nothing to do with her and I think she was just looking for someone to love her. (C's adoptive parents are great though, but her adoptive father passed away from cancer in 1996) 

I remember one conversation C and I had. She had told me that she loved me in a romantic way, I apologized to her for not being able to love her the way she loved me- but I loved her never-the-less. 

I kept her at arms length for awhile after that, which I still feel guilty for. 

Fast forward to a few months later (Around August 2015) she started hanging out with a shady person, BD. She would text me and tell me how she was having fun dating him and she was happy she met a nice man. 

BD is not a nice man, he was chronically unemployed, had a rap sheet a mile long and just in general, unpleasant. I believe he introduced her to heroin and was providing her drugs. 

Now I understand C was an adult and knew what she was doing, but my feelings are that she was being taken advantage of. BD eventually left her because "her two children are too much baggage", but it's not like he didn't know about her parental status. 

C died of a heroin overdose a week later. 

Her adoptive mother was really strange about keeping her services a secret, I bet to keep C's biological family out, but I also was NOT allowed to attend, I will never understand why and that hurt. 

However, C's sister contacted me and allowed me to view C's remains, it gave me some peace. C looked like she was sleeping, which made me smile. 

I hope C found the peace she was looking for, even if it disrupts my own peace. I will never not feel guilty about it, and I will never forget her. 