maybe all i want is the scars, this is a series of bullshit confessionsevery once in a while I toy with the idea of killing myself, and even though i'm depressed to the point where i do want to do it, i know i'm too much of a coward. My boyfriend (who seems to idealize suicide as much or nearly more than me) has this theory that he uses the idea of suicide as a coping mechanism. It allows him to think to himself "well, life is shit, i can always just kill myself", and this is why he won't. I wish i could do that. I'm just stuck wanting to end it but not being able to because I find some way to distract myself, i find something to live until, over and over and over. And it sounds good. it sounds like this is a positive thing; a mechanism keeping me alive, but ultimately I am suffering constantly and the shit i've done and the shit i'm never going to do is just a reminder that i really really just want to sleep. It's better for everyone that way. I'm a liar, and a cheater, and the people who love me I ultimately end up hurting. I cheated on him multiple times, i broke the heart of a boy who truly loved me because I wanted to die. Is it altruism if i break your heart because I don't want you to watch me die? Is it cheating if i'm only doing it because i don't want you to get too close? 

i'm 18 years old and have my whole life ahead of me except god damn do i want to never see it pass. I used to write because i loved it and it was what i wanted to do in the future. i haven't written anything besides rants and pseudo-poetry in... well, forever. there is no more passion anywhere. my coping mechanisms of drugs and alcohol don't make me feel better in the long run. i can't paint, or draw, or be the artist i wanted to be because i can't think about anything. or anyone. it's so pathetic, because i'm wasting my parent's money on a degree that i never wanted in the first place, which won't get me a job anyway. is it even possible to make art anymore?

i've been on meds. the meds don't work. i've been to therapy. i've walked over that bridge too many times, and i've pressed that razor to my skin too many times to count. 
if i die, i'll drag him along with me
if i don't die, i'll drag him along with me
there's no way out.

i don't enjoy anything and i haven't in a long time. i hurt myself, i let him hurt me because it makes me feel and i don't want to be alone. i deserve it anyway. i fuck people because I need to feel wanted. i've pushed my one real friend away because he sees through me and what i do. i can't sleep. i don't eat. i cry because i have no future, and because i don't want it anyway.
i guess this is rich, privileged white trash talk anyway, but i really need help and i don't know where to get it. help me please.

I I I I I I am the most selfish human being in the world and tomorrow i'm going to stick the razor in my wrist not my thigh and hopefully cut deep enough
