Ending It this WeekendI've been considering suicide for a while and have come to the conclusion that the best way to end the pain is toend everything period.

A bit of backstory: I'm 31 years old, work a decent job, and I like to think I'm a decent looking guy (when I've told people in the past, these are all reasons they cite to me for not giving up). I just feel empty, and the more that life piles on the emptier I feel. 

As a child I was molested by a family friend. Maybe that was the start of it. I carried that with me for 29 years, repressing it where I could, and drinking/drugging/fucking it away when I couldn't. Something about those activities seemed like it filled a void where my soul should be, but it was always only a temporary fix. I had a series of events that caused it to pop back into the forefront of my mind roughly two years ago; due to my work, I couldn't drug it away or drink it away (they had a strict substance abuse policy) so I fucked it away, in turn ruining the marriage I had with the love of my life. I allowed my demons to swallow me and cost me everything. 

I almost ended it there but kept telling myself I had to stay strong for my children. My son's mom has chosen not to be a factor in his life since he was an infant and my daughter's mom is not much better. I sought psychiatric help and counseling, and after putting me on one drug that caused me to become a zombie with absolutely no sex drive and another that tore my stomach up, I quit keeping my appointments and stopped the meds. I still want ok, I still felt empty, but I thought by acknowledging my demons to those few I trusted, I had made enough of a stride that I could fight through life and make it. 

Fast forward to now. I've since moved to a new state, some 500 miles away from my closest friend or family. And something amazing happened. My ex wife called to check on me, and over the next few weeks we agreed that we wanted to work things out. She moved here, but things weren't the same after the first month. She became withdrawn, just seemed miserable. When I confronted her about it a few weeks ago, she admitted she wasn't happy and that she wouldn't be able to trust me after the events that happened in our past. It has crushed me. I don't keep a lot of friends and in 31 years she has been the only woman I've loved. She stepped in and has been a mother to my son.  And now, once again, it's over. It isn't even busy about the fact that I'm absolutely broken hearted over the events.  The issue is two fold: I know with the events of my childhood I'm never going to feel complete (and don't judge me;  the molestation is barely scratching the surface of my childhood abuse) and that I feel like I'm failing my children.  My son is always going to wonder why she left, he asks constantly, and his sadness is killing me. 

I just want the pain to end and it's not going to unless I take my fate into my own hands. I'm going to visit family back home this weekend to tie up loose ends, sign guardianship papers for my son, and to tell everyone goodbye. I'm going to write/mail letters to my ex wife, kids, and mom explaining my decision. Then, I'm coming back Saturday night to finish it. I don't have to be back at work till Monday. No one will notice I'm missing till then as the only friends I have are at work. I think I've done a relatively good job at concealing my emotions-I've come to peace with what I have to do.