Agonizing Repetitive Agonizing RepetitiveI'm sitting here compulsively eating reeses pieces, sickened to death by them, but eating them out of boredom anyway. Boredom has a lot to do with my life, depression is obvious so I need not tell you I have it. I'm wasting your time so I might as well start talking about something useful, kind of. Anyway, I'm in my late teens, male, and have struggled severely with depression and anxiety issues since 6th grade. The catalyst could have been a lot of things, if a therapist or psychiatrist cared enough to ask or listen, which they dont and Ive seen a few, they might have said it was because of my mothers drug use or watching helplessly as my sister was dragged into it and raped mercilessly after being shot up for months. Prior to this I didn't believe that others had feelings, seeing how they treated me, so I definitely wasn't the nicest and it took some time to get better in that regard. But the thing is, I don't think about that anymore, it became an annoying attention seeking thought, that only bothered me because of how I thought I was trying to be the victim in it. Yes I am upset that things happened to my sister, yes I am upset that my mother caused it, but I do not believe this was the cause. Depression was bound to hit me, I believe. Another bit of evidence is my therapist I had in elementary said when she first met me in Kindergarten I told her I wanted to kill myself, which I obviously do not remember. I remember when things first started to go wrong I was laying in bed for a month or two straight, hard to tell or remember, always awake at night, always in constant panic, the fear of my life suddenly jumping to my death, I could see and feel it. I became too anxious, self conscious and what have you to do just about anything until recently, though I still have a hard time and act incredibly strange on occasion. I had a series of other bad things happen to me, but it would make this way too long of a read so it's just the basics. I missed 7th grade, in eight grade I had a hard time speaking, moving, or doing anything socially or academic, my grades were bad and no one wanted anything to do with me, but the only time I was actually spoken to, besides the snippets on occasion, was someone asking if I went to Juvy, so I can assume why they never spoke to me, though I never understood why they thought this way when I was an obvious mess, or maybe that is why. I remember sticking a knife through my hand to try and get out of school but was then too embarrassed to say anything, but blood was everywhere, though no one asked and I hid my hand.In 9th grade my father got arrested so I had to go back to my mothers, who I had a hard time forgiving, but had been clean and relatively less loco. 9th grade was about the same as 8th except I skipped way more, got drugged, humiliated, cheated on, and dropped out. This was the time I started getting panic attacks from noises and always believed it to be nukes, I wanted to be done with it so bad, but the fear was too much. I drank a lot in 6th and 9th grade, and ended up almost dying related to it in 9th, I developed a bad reaction to weed in 6th, but was peer pressured into smoking it by my family for years, I'd get the worst panic attacks and would sometimes cry, but it resulted in a touching moment with my mother as she tried to calm me down. I was finally able to move back to my fathers where I foolishly thought I would be better. I went to the ER for my mental health twice after talks with a therapist and doctor, they were in the same facility at the time, then both times was taken to a psych ward, but different ones each time. Medication testing started like crazy, and in the second one I never wanted to die so bad, not just because of the conditions, but because of the medication they continuously made me take. After many tearful phone calls I was allowed to go home, leaving behind the only people who ever talked to me, it seemed. I tried going back to school, had many mental breakdowns, an almost suicide attempt, dropped out after I couldnt handle it and the fact that nobody would ever talk to me, it didnt help the vice principle or principle spread nasty drug rumors about me either. (I heard from a trustworthy student) I have been stuck in a limbo of sorts for a long time, being bored, sad, angry, numb, suicidal, hopeless. I always feel down, but some days are worse than others and I cant ever seem to be brought any higher. Ive tried countless medications over the years, tons of therapy, and everything I can think of. I'm scared of death, but my lust for it seems to be more than the fear now, and has been for a while now. If I wait it seems the panic stage might come back and that it might no longer be possible. I have no future, everyone in this world hates me, I've never really had friends, I have nothing to look forward to or even do, and Im always miserable. People give me lousy excuses or lousy "help" such as, not everyone is like that, things will get better, try harder, give it time, and for the excuses its just always about how they cant talk or cant see me, they even blame depression for it and try to make me feel sorry for them. I've waited, Ive tried, none of it seems to change nor matter. I cant take it anymore and it hurts so much to be alive, I need relief and I cant find any other answer. Im not even good enough at anything to take my mind off it, or find some sense of worth in it. On occasion the best I do is write about how shitty I feel in ways that apparently arent coherent. I dont expect you to tell me to die, though I cant think of anything original you can say to convince me it isnt the only way. Maybe its not my fault or my bodys for feeling this way and its the world and if that is the case, why live in it?