Need to get some stuff outYesterday the guardian I mention often in my posts forced me to tear down a ceiling with them without any protective gear for my face or hands. No face masks or goggles or gloves, just a hammer and a putty knife to tear down part of a ceiling to replace it with plasterboard. 

I haven't been eating so I've been far too weak to do any manual work as of late but they say to me that I should do all the work I can because I'm a man and men do work. That I'm a girl and do no work. I don't hate the idea of being a woman or anything like that, but this person emasculates me at every turn and makes me feel like I'm not a man. I want to feel masculine (not like muscly and shit, just confident in my own character and being. Comfortable with who I am), but I get made to feel like dirt so much.

And they had me get all the dust and shit in my eyes and mouth and forced me to do all the tearing down on the ladder since "I'm younger". Then they had me hold up plasterboard for 10-15 minutes so they could fumble around and then nail it up (their definition of makeshift home repair btw), and I almost fainted from how fatigued and sick I felt. 

They then made fun of me and screamed at me for "standing around" even though there was nothing left to do while they put in the last few nails. They told me to go get the broom and I did. I asked if I could just sweep up the room myself (the room we did this in is going to be one I move into soon). Just one thing for myself. I haven't had any control over anything in my life at all. Not my love life, not my school life, nothing. I've felt so powerless. I just wanted one thing. To fucking sweep up some goddamn debris, alone, in my new room.

So they yelled at me and said I'm lazy and told me I have no work ethic. "When you start a job, you finish it". I was going to finish it. I just wanted to do it alone.

So they pick up the broom and begin sweeping themselves to make me feel like shit. Made me handle the dustpan and then swept the shit so fast that they got more dirt and dust into my eyes and mouth.

As soon as we had finished, I went and cried my eyes out. I cried so fucking hard. Just with all the old ceiling bits all over me and in my mouth, just crying. I'm an adult and I was reduced to worthlessness and crying by someone who's says they love me.

I come on my computer and go on Skype. My ex is on and says "hey". We talk for a bit, a fight starts, we fight pretty much the rest of the night. Same shit, different day.

This is my life. Living with an emotionally abusive person who controls my every move, surrounded by people who deeply fucking hate me.

I talked about all of what happened yesterday with some friends and some people I met on this subreddit. It was helpful and if any of you read this (doubtful), you did help. Don't mean to give that impression. I just keep thinking about all of it and I can't stop feeling like fucking shit.

Before you ask, no I can't stay with anyone else. No extended family would take me in. No irl friends. Gotta stay here and save money until I can possibly move out with an online friend in a few years (plans that will likely fall through). 

I have fucking nothing. 

Last night after everything went down, I did my first livestream in about 5 years (I used to stream on jtv back in the day) with some friends. Just a shitty game I bought in a Steam sale to play something. I usually screen share stuff on Skype for pals when we're just chilling in a Skype call or something, but this game couldn't be windowed, so I decided to just use obs and stream it on twitch. It was fun and I enjoyed it. First time I really have had fun doing something in about 3 months. Was considering making videos and streaming again to just have a hobby. Just cope in some way. Dunno was just thinking about it a bit after all was said and done.

Been dealing with emotional and verbal abuse for 10 years. Been suicidal for 6. Something's gotta fucking give, you know? Something's gotta look up somewhere.

Thank you for letting me rant. Depression and anxiety is hell sometimes but I'm trying so hard.