I feel terribleI'm a 20 year old male who goes to community college and lives with his parents. In a couple of days, I turn 21.

For the past year, I have been regularly suffering from anxiety and panic attacks. This is partly due to my personality, and partly due to where we live (it is a pretty miserable place). I have applied to transfer to a university, but I'm worried that my family doesn't have enough money to send me there, and I can't apply for financial aid. I can work, and I do a little bit right now, but college is still fucking expensive.

I already feel miserable enough that I'm a year behind in college due to my anxiety attacks, and now I just feel like a drain on my family. I am my parents hope and dream, and I feel like I am consistently letting them down. They have so much hope for me, always telling me how smart I am, how much potential I have, and I just can't stand the fact that I am a shut-in loser. 

It's not just my parents. Everyone in my life thinks I'm way smarter than I actually am. Maybe I have it in me, but so far, my life has not been getting better. I really want to live a happy life, but it is just not possible in this situation. I'm scared as hell to tell my parents that I don't want to go to college at this moment. Whenever I ask how we will pay for it, they always say "we'll find a way," something that does not alleviate the anxiety, especially when I know their financial situation. 

I am also still a virgin, which makes me feel like shit because I just have no real interest in sex, but I still feel like I should lose it anyway. I know girls who are attracted to me, but I'm too fucking shy to even bring up the topic. 

Anxiety is the bane of my existence. I just wish I could go through life without that constant feeling. I wish I never needed to take xanax, prozac, or buspar. I just want to live life like everyone else, and every passing day makes me feel more and more like a failure. I already feel like the disappointment of the family, and I know that if I keep going the way I am, I actually will be.

I don't really know what the point is of this post anymore, I just needed to vent. Suicide is starting to look a lot more attractive nowadays, but there are a lot of things I want to do before I finally off myself, but they all feel out of reach. I'm sorry for any grammatical errors, or for coming off as whiny.