I feel numbI'm the person people go to if no one else is available, and I can't blame them. All I do lately is complain about my problems because they keep getting worse and it's gotten to the point where I can't enjoy life anymore. I feel like I'm letting everyone down all the time. I hate what I've become. I used to be witty, clever, and fun, but now I'm just a black hole that absorbs other peoples energy. It feels like I've lost the ability to feel true happiness. I feel like my life ended when my childhood ended. Everything I did after childhood were just failed attempts at feeling good again.

  


Lately, I just lie in bed and stare at the ceiling every night, until a thought comes across that hits a sensitive spot. Then, I have an emotional breakdown and lose control for a moment. I get the urge to physically punish myself. Sometimes, I take a sharp knife and blindly cut around on my leg. Sometimes, I grab a bottle of trichloroethylene and inhale that until I pass out, although it has nearly killed me once in the past. After a while, the emotions pass on, and I go back to feeling empty and doing nothing, until the cycle repeats. I've lost interest in all the things I liked to do. Nothing brings me joy anymore. The only times I still feel good is after a ridiculous amount of caffeine or a joint, but the feeling passes quickly, and then I go back to feeling like shit.

  


I think about suicide at least a couple of times a day, but I can't kill myself cause there are people who actually care about me. I sometimes lose control over my actions though, so I'm scared I might actually try again. I've attempted suicide 7 times throughout my late teens while I was heavily struggling with drugs, but luckily I never succeeded. I haven't had a proper diagnose yet, but I have all the symptoms of bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder, and avoidant personality disorder. The bipolar symptoms have been present all my life. The others slowly developed over time. I have a first appointment with a psychiatrist this week. I doubt that talking alone will help much though. I'm hoping that medication will help me feel better. I probably should change some things in my life, but I can't do that as long as I feel the way I do now.