I’m trying so hard to get betterTo start off, if I could only receive constructive comments and no “I relate to that”, “I feel the same way” etc because I can’t handle the weight of other people’s struggles right now, because I can’t even handle my own. Thank you

I’ve deal with mental health struggles for as long as I can remember. My mom told me I had my first anxiety attack at age 3. There’s never really been anything bad happening in my life. It’s always been within me. Which makes it even harder sometimes, because unlike a certain event or situation, you will always be with yourself and your thoughts. I’ve been in therapy since 7th grade (I’m now in 10th), but I definitely could’ve used it sooner. 

I’ve been through many ups and downs in the past 2 years, and I recently came out as transgender (female to male) which has made my life so much more complicated. I lost my friends since childhood, and then another group of friends. I stopped going to traditional public school this year. I’ve self harmed, been clean, and relapsed. I thought I was doing better until a few months after I left outpatient at the start of the summer. 

Everyone says I’ve been making really good progress over the years, but I’ve never been this close to suicide on a daily basis. I can’t deal with my gender identity, I’m constantly doubting wether I’m trans but simultaneously experiencing crippling gender dysphoria. I’m disassociating really hard every day (I’ve experienced disassociation since middle school but never for this long or this intense), I don’t even recognize my face, body, voice, or even the things I say or the way I act. I feel like a shell of the person I last remember being. Even taking a step back to analyze my thinking I can’t even comprehend who’s thoughts they are. I’ve stopped talking to people about the fact that I no longer experience a will to live because no one can do anything about it, it just hurts others and makes me feel more hopeless. I’ve always felt like there’s something else wrong with me that hasn’t been diagnosed, but maybe that’s the hypochondria. Thus far I’ve only been diagnosed with Anxiety, OCD, and Depression. I haven’t self harmed in awhile, but it’s just because I know it doesn’t really help and hurts those around me. 

The only way I can describe it is that I’m a cicada. I have a shell on the outside that I’ve shed a few times, but now I’m stuck in one shell. I no longer exist to the outside world, just the shell of whatever state of being I felt connected to last. I don’t even feel like a person anymore. I have no idea who I am even on the deepest level. I’ve been on autopilot for so long. I’ve tried to get better for so long. I can’t remember a time that I wasn’t mentally struggling. It feels like life will never be different for me, it’s like that’s just how god designed me. 

I’m tired of people telling me “it’ll get better”, “it won’t be like this forever”, “you can keep going”. This is all I’ve ever known. Mental turmoil with short periods of feeling ok. And I can’t see any possible way out. No matter where I go, or where I run, the problem is in my head. I can’t escape it. I can only distract from it for a short amount of time. I can’t even remember to eat sometimes now. I forget to do the most basic things. I can never make decisions, so I’m probably not gonna kill myself anyway. It’s too much to plan and I know I’ll probably forget something important. It’s permanent and drastic, and I don’t do well with making permanent drastic decisions. 

I’m just hoping someone will finally say something that clicks for more than a few days, or I’ll suddenly realize something, or I’ll find something that lets me see the light at the end of the tunnel. Feel free to ask questions, even if they’re personal. I’m desperate.