I want to die, but I don't want to hurt the people I loveI also don't want to leave anybody behind when I go. 
But I'm just so tired. 
I've contemplated it so many times and i'm slowly being pushed further and further to the brink.

Ultimately, i don't think i will do it, at least for now. 
I have a little sister, a grandmother, pets, and friends who i care about too much to leave.

But I don't know what else to do.
I'm just so tired.
I don't know where to go anymore in life.
I'm graduating and I'll be headed to prom soon, next year I'm off to a really great university. I have a pretty good life compared to a good amount of people, but most days I feel too sad and tired to get out of bed

I feel like I don't deserve to live here, that I'm just a waste of space and everything I do is awful. I have a wonderful group of friends and a great little sister but I can barely leave my room and when I'm outside I spend so much time in the bathroom just crying and trying to breathe

Every day I contemplate suicide. I have all of the materials ready whenever I choose to use them. I plan my steps out, where it will happen, how, what I will write as a note. I want this so badly it hurts but I care too much about some people and it's preventing me from ending my stupid life.

I don't know what's wrong with me, but whatever it is, I can't tell anybody because I don't want to place this burden on them (which is why I'm telling you guys)

I guess one question i have is, should I drop all ties? I don't know what else to do. I don't want to live anymore but I don't want to hurt others with my death. Do I just hurt them enough for them to leave me, and then die alone without hurting anyone?

Another question I have is: what is wrong with me? I know my dad's decided to leave our family behind to live with his mom and sister's family instead. I know that my mother's a pretty emotionally abusive person, as is my grandfather. They've told me that I'm a waste of human life multiple times, but I guess as of these past few years everything's sort of piled up and I just don't know how to deal with it all anymore. 

My issue is that my life, while not ideal, is not as awful as a lot of other people, and yet that doesn't stop me from wanting to die. Why? Am I just selfish?

EDIT: Wow! I really didn't expect all of these answers! thank you so much, everybody. Just wanted to update everyone on stuff. So for a good amount of my life I've had problems with self harm. I'd scratch myself a lot and I had a pretty severe eating disorder due to a really intense coach and being called a fatass by my parents at a super young age. Today I actually made myself eat with people rather than hiding in the gym locker rooms and telling my friends I had too much homework. One thing that helped as much as these sweet messages was this guy at school. I was kind of minding my own business and I usually remember to smile so people don't feel all that worried over me, but this guy comes up to me and sits next to me for this movie we're about to watch and says:

"I know you're upset and you have a lot going on with you right now. Have some of my candy and don't be sad!" 

I mean, I ended up not really eating the candy and telling him I was just tired, but I was so surprised to see someone that I'm not even all that close with come up to me because they saw through the shit I pull with people. It made me feel better.

I'm still in a really awful place at the moment. I had a moment of weakness and self-harmed and purged my lunch, which sucks. I also still really want to die, or just not really be here, but spending time with my sister and my cat definitely helps me ignore these feelings. 

So I guess for now, I'm still really messed up in the head for stupid reasons, I still want to die, but I know that as long as I have someone to care about, and as long as I think people might at least care a little about me, then I'll live. 

I'm scared of the day where I just stop caring about the people around me and go for it though. It's going to happen one day, maybe sooner then I think, because despite how much I care for some people, I still have this tired, empty feeling and it's killing me. I want to die so badly, but at least I know that for now, I'll suppress these urges. 

Thanks again for all the wonderful messages :3

**UPDATE:** attempted to converse with my mother. She ended up bringing up my best friend who passed away from leukemia 2 years ago. I'm feeling worse and worse and I don't know what to do 