Lost and looking for somethingTL:DR  
Childhood abuse paved way for messy future, stuck hopelessly floating the stormy sea of "fml"

&amp;#x200B;

Over the years (Currently 25) I've been dealing with severe childhood trauma. To the point where I suppressed memories and felt like I was in a ghost shell. I couldn't really memorize things, math/science/schooling was difficult due to that. My family just assumed I was the dope out of my three siblings. I was never given much attention in regards to falling behind..I used to harm myself, and so far I've avoided those habits. Even old ways of venting seem useless. I even lost joy in being mean to myself.

After my grandfather passed away the summer before my 24th birthday.. Huge chunks of my childhood started flooding back. I still have nightmares about it. The more I remember the more crazy and messed up I feel.

I DO love myself, it's still hard for me to rationalize how and why this happened to me.

I feel like a burden to the few friends and family I can talk to about this..I know people say therapy helps, but I'm terrified of telling all of this to anyone. It's getting to the point where I feel  like I'm living a lie, because I don't feel like people even know who I am, or what I'm going through daily.

I've reached out to loved ones before, when I've been at my worst and thought I had schizophrenia-my family mostly treated me like I didn't know what I was talking about. Disregarded my request for help..Later my dad pulled me aside and said if I was serious, he'd help me..That was nice, but all in all, It was discouraging. 

I'm at a point where I've felt suicidal for the majority of my life, even before I learned what the word meant.. I'm tired. Exhausted. Life is losing luster. My relationship has been unhealthy with my boyfriend for a time now, I'm desperately trying to mend or repair the few things in my life that I CAN control. I know suicide is something a lot of people feel is selfish but, if my quality of life is this miserable why would someone blame me?

Am I supposed to endure suffering, continuously, so others around me don't feel inconvenienced by my death?

Idk man, it's a big cluster mess. I need help, I don't know who to turn to anymore or what else to do. Nothing seems to work. I don't want to keep going alone, but idk who out there is willing to seriously help me. If I keep getting moved aside or if people keep giving up on me.. I fear I'll give in. I want to love life, I want to feel the shine people say I bring them.. If I'm a lighthouse where's my warmth going? If not to me? 

Again, anything anyone thinks might be useful-would be great. Sorry for the mess of words. I don't know what to say really.