Idkjust be depressed and anxious enough to fuck your high school education without knowing it yourself. have teachers ask if you’re okay with your reply being “yeah, why?” Only for you to realise Years later that you are now so fucked mentally but know your problems and won’t see anyone because you know why you’re so fucked, and the teachers who are no longer in your life, picked up on it well before you did. Can’t forget to not pass year 12, the final year because you couldn’t seem to keep up with homework and some days you slept in until 1pm, only waking to a very annoyed parent who just got home from a physically demanding job.

Now because of how unsound and jobless you are, you push your closest and practically only 4 friends away because noooo, can’t tell them what’s going on! Even when they ask.. and when you eventually fuck up your relationship with them, THEN and only then, can you comfortably end it, because vegetable or not from an attempt at your own life, no one will know what you have done to yourself. 

Still live with your parents who do care but you’re distant enough with them where occasionally doing something with them is fine, but majority of the time you spend your days locked away in your room mostly talking to your friends or no one at all listening to music and overthinking absolutely every current aspect of your life, with previously telling my parents that i’m depressed, only really realising it from the way the people who used to teach me at school would confront me, and have been for years just for it to go in one ear and out the other. 

Can’t forget to mention my closest friends are my best friend for almost 10yrs and his girlfriend of 2yrs whom I can only wish for the best in every way. Both have helped and introduced me to new things in many ways. from: giving me an old phone to upgrade from what I had, typing up a resumé, introducing me to Korean barbecue, this list of things those two have done is extensive. They are also The people who know almost every aspect of my life and not just because he tells her, but because I’m comfortable enough to talk to them both about almost anything, the two people that mean the most too me. They are also the only two people that know I attempted back in July last year. Just recent he was in hospital for a while and one of the first thing I asked was if he could have a transplant. I’d do anything for those two even if it meant giving up a part of me to save them. I myself also Know things about the both of them that the other doesn’t through conversation like some mutual friend of theirs, yet still feel so fucking alone in this world like I don’t matter for anything ever. I feel like an absolute burden on them both and it eats at me.

The last time I went out with them, he dropped me home around 11pm-12am and myself, just starting to sober up from drinking, frantically paced my bedroom speaking to myself for the next hour and a half before going to bed. Things like wanting to bash my skull in, hanging myself, jump of a bridge, etc.. The longer I live the more it feels like I’m walking a slow but dangerous path too insanity, and I just want out.