I don’t want to live anymore.Hello, I’m struggling with suicidal thoughts. I feel alone a lot, I mean I have friends I guess, kinda but I consider them acquaintances manly, I do have 3 people close to me that I’m in a band with, and my ex was my true only friend, but I feel like most people I don’t relate too. I’m 26 years old, i smoke and drink a lot manly to just numb myself from the world around me. Don’t get me wrong I do love to enjoy beer but I find myself drinking to much. I work a good job but I’m unhappy working midnights, I been on midnights for years and I can’t get a better shift but I’m so over it, I hardly ever sleep maybe 3 to 5 hours a day and it really gets to you after years of it. My girlfriend and I had an argument over something fucking stupid as usual and I ended the relationship because of the stress at the time of the fight, I freaked out. I regret it dearly, I said some really mean things and I hate myself more because of it. She would constantly argue with me over everything it seems and would just make me feel like I can’t do anything right. But I do love her very much and I miss her now but I’m trying to hold it together. The stress of life and doing the same routine gets to me. I hate myself, I hate my job, I hate not sleeping, and I hate the world sometimes and it’s evil ways. I’ve held my .45 to my head several times but I can’t get myself to pull the trigger. I don’t know what to do anymore, I just feel empty inside. I have to work in 5 hours and I’ve been up sense 6pm yesterday, I only slept 3 hours yesterday. Life sucks. I don’t know if I should even be here talking about this. I guess it feels somewhat good to get it off my chest but makes me hate myself more for wanting to off myself as fucked up as that sounds. Not the first time I’ve thought about it though or sat with a gun in my hand. I have no desire to hurt anyone but myself. Just sucks. I’ve smoked entirely to many cigarettes typing this because I don’t if I should even post it and I should probably try to lay down but I just keep thinking about ending it. I’m broken and i don’t know how to fix myself. 