A Follow UpHello members of the sw subreddit,

First something a bit random before I get into the main post: I have a public request to a moderator.  I have a question about making a main page reddit post and I was hoping a mod who can help can message me, I would greatly appreciate it.  And now for the main post:


I figured it's been a long while (7 months since the last sw post) and I figured I should do a follow up with everyone.  I am trying my best to change my life around.  I finally got a job! I'm a roving IT guy which basically means I get a call and head to the location and fix the problems.  Its gotten me out of my room and interacting with the outside world so it is of great help.  However it is not full time and the hours vary widely.  Good example of the varying hours,  last week I had 9 hours while the weeks prior I was routinely clocking in 30 hours and this week I haven't gotten a job yet. No healthcare provided though so still no doctor or psych visits to see how truly messed up I am mentally.  It's not much but it is definitely a good start.  

I also recently bought an exercise bike for real cheap (thanks amazon!) and I have been exercising routinely.  I have set up a med help account to track everything and I am making some good progress.  You can have friends on med help (it's a borderline social network) so if you already have an account  I can add you as a friend if you want to help give me some accountability or just create another unstoppable reddit machine on another website.

I still have some bouts with depression although lately it's because the family dog (Gordon Freeman: figured you might enjoy the name I gave him) is going to need surgery and my family is in a position of find money to pay for it or put him down (he's only 6 and full of life dammit).  Aside from that little blip, it's been ok for me.   I have received all your messages and you all have my thanks.  I do have long periods of time in between logging in sessions thanks to the RSS feed features spoiling me so sometimes it was a while before I saw some messages but I wanted to let you all know that I did read them all and I truly appreciate the caring you all have shown me.  It really did mean a lot .  

So I just wanted to follow up to say you have my many thanks, I'm slowly starting to get things to turn around and hopefully once the veterinarian situation is behind me I can truly see the results this is having on my well being both physically and mentally.  Well thanks for taking the time to read this and once again thanks for the comments and the help.

Also apologies for any weird grammar or typos, I haven't been getting much sleep lately (averaging about 3-4 a night) and have been mostly distraught the past few days.  Every I go back and spellcheck I find more and more errors, I think I finally caught it all.

Ninja Edit: Thanks for the kind words everyone.  Had to put the dog down today and as bad as it is to say it, I do feel a weight lifted off my shoulders.  He was deteriorating really bad and it was the right thing to do even if he as a youngin.  Thanks to the mods for being awesome and thanks to ya'll.  Now that this is behind me I can get back to my exercise routines and work and truly see the benefits of a happier life