I want to commit suicide but can't, every person I turn to laughs it off or calls me crazy. I don't know what to do anymore.(Excuse my english, not my mother tongue)
I've had depressions for about 2 years now and I've really tried to overcome and work on it, but it's not working at all. I don't have any friends in life or online and I barely have social interactions other than with my parents, as I still live at home. I'm at the point where I really want to kill myself. The only things that are stopping me is that I couldn't do it to my parents, as they have a lot of stress running our tiny business which is going horrible, loads of debt and so on. The other thing is that this one guy I talk to every few months is a paramedic and he explained to me how hard it is to actually kill yourself, also you get put into a mental home (sorry no idea what the proper name is) and kept there for as long as they think you need to stay.
I had a long relationship that ended during my uni exams, he thought I was cheating on him with a guy, which I really didn't. The bad thing is that I'm really in love with this guy (I know I'm horrible) and that is basically the reason my relationship with my ex ended and that was kind of all I had. I thought the guy actually liked me back and I've told him I have depression and stuff. He kind of acts like an asshole and today he called me schizophrenic, a psycho and said there's something wrong with me. My ex said I'm sick in the head, too. I really just don't know what to do anymore. I can't leave the house anymore right now and I've been crying almost non-stop the past 5 days. I have no money to go get therapy and literally every other person around me (I'm at the point where I ask anyone, even people I've met like once or so) that I have tried to tell my problems to laughs at me, tells me I don't have depression or just generally doesn't take it serious. My dad just doesn't talk about anything ever anyway and I've had to yell at my mum about 6 times crying that I really want to end my life and that she please needs to understand me but yeah, I think she just doesn't know what to do.
Can anyone tell me a way to cope or something? Keep in mind I don't have anyone I can call or meet up with. Thanks. 