Such a dangerous game to play, but i just keep putting quarters in hoping ill finally reach the carrot on the stick one dayIts hard to wanna keep on when you take a heli eye view of the sum total of effort and requirements life has just to maintain, much less be happy. Depression and dire circumstances magnify that much more. I think depressed people have a harder time staying happy because you can see the good and bad, do the math, and then be honest about time spent being mostly negative/draining/tedious to being happy/content. 

Ive found the only way i can even somewhat have energy to keep going through the day at this point is hate. Hate keeps me functioning and away from being too down all the time. At this point its the lesser of two evils.

 3 months prior to getting out the army , seeing my best friend decide to take his life when he seemed to be the least likely out of anyone ive ever known to do , made me kinda flip a switch. I thought, man , whaf if one day some people just hit this moment of total clarity. They see life and what it really is. A flash in the fucking pan. And say no, im done. I mean why else would he have done it in my
Mind. I lived in hawaii during that time, for 6 years: best years of tyumy life. Maybe it was my age coupled with the fact that i could be me and enjoy every minute possibly due to excitement of living where i was , but i couldnt figure out suicide at that time. 

Fast forward 4 years and here we are. Not a single day goes by that i dont think about just being blank. The only time my minds at ease is when im asleep if i can even do that. 

All the military ever did for me was give me a crippling opoid addiction. To this day i take maintenance meds and can barely afford them.  I work a mediocre job at a shipyard and run in fucking circles. Its literally groundhogs day, every day for years. The only sane family member around is my father, who has partial brain damage and cant even remember my bday, much less anything we did together growing up. The story i could write here would be one to read , but i wont waste any more time. 

Possibility: the only reason im even here. Its possible that i hit the lottery next week if i play . Very small possibility, but there. But the possibility that really matters is the action of taking your life. Maybe we vanish like i hope i do into total blackness. At ease and finally content. Maybe i hiccup while pulling the trugger and disfigure my face and survive. Imagine that. All very small but real possibilities. 

But why is it that even with such a small failure rate i still cant get over that thought. Its not fear . I mean fuck i dont even feel my heart race anymore when i get into a vehicle accident. Last year someone tried to rob me at my apt, two guys armed. When he looked me in my eye and id imagine saw how careless and numb i was i think he hesitated . I dont know. But i didnt get shot and i didnt give them my wallet. I didnt say anything. I tried testing fate and even then i couldnt get a free cab ride. 

i just wish this whole life process would hurry up and be done. I feel my best days are long behind me and the older i get the more i tealize i can barely sustain in the cheapest area in the country nearly, how could i ever be back where i belong and where im happy (hawaii). 

