I just need to get it outI just needed to take the thoughts that are swirling around my head, and put them somewhere else and here seemed as good a place as any. I don’t expect anyone to read or respond to this, but I appreciate anyone who does.

i’m in therapy, I go every week and I talk to my therapist and I do all the “homework” she gives me and I’ve been doing it for a year and yet I am in a worse place now than I ever have been in my entire life. I see a prescriber who disagrees with my diagnosis and doesn’t know what to put me on because the last thing he tried I had a horrible reaction to and missed two days of work. I’m trying, I am trying really hard.

I miss my husband, I hate him for everything he’s put me through but I also still love him and it’s just really painful. We signed our divorce papers almost a year ago, and I just can’t let it go, I can’t even feel better about it, I can’t move forward the tiniest bit. He cheated on me, he treated me like shit, he deliberately triggered a massive panic attack to force me into signing the divorce papers before I had a chance to even read them, let alone try to get representation. I should just hate him, I should be glad he’s not in my life, but I miss him so much and I feel so empty without him. also he’s not totally out of my life and sometimes he’s randomly really nice to me and it fucks with my head, but there’s a part of me that thinks it’s better than nothing to have him either treat me like shit or be really nice to me or ignore me, depending on his mood because at least I still get to see him once every couple of months. Although we have to be very careful to dance around the fact that he has a girlfriend and I know he has a girlfriend, but he still won’t admit to me that he cheated and is still with the other woman. 

I can admit that the divorce was largely my fault. I have a tendency to throw a tantrum if things aren’t perfect or exactly the way I want them and I am just never ever satisfied. I can’t imagine being married to me, it must’ve been miserable. In a way, I don’t blame him for cheating on me. I did try to fix things. I tried really hard to be mindful once I realized how difficult I was being but it’s so hard to see your own behavior that way so it took me too long to realize it and I can admit that. Once I did though, I tried so hard to be thoughtful and to stop doing the things I knew bothered him and to make sure that he knew how much I loved him, but it was just too little too late I guess. I’ve never been good enough for anyone in my life, everyone has always left me, and my husband was no exception. A large part of the reason I act the way I do is because I’m so afraid of being abandoned, and it makes me act crazy. I’m just a really terrible person, I hate myself. 

my sister bailed on me too, we had a really shitty childhood and it was always us against the world. My mom is a psychopath and she ruined us both, but I never thought my sister would turn on me. The second I had issues and needed help and it wasn’t all about her she completely cut me off. I had always hidden my issues from her, I didn’t want to burden her with my problems. I have one relative who I still speak to (who lives 3 hours away and just wants me to fucking be ok already) and no friends, I am so alone and there doesn’t seem to be much reason to keep going when no one would care if I was gone. You always hear people say it’s strong to admit you need help and ask for it...but what if you have no one to ask?

I have a bad back, I have bad skin, I’m unattractive, I have a bunch of horrible decision tattoos, I have scars all over my legs from self harm, I have broken teeth and a bunch of other dental issues that I need to have fixed, and I don’t have the money to deal with any of it. I also suffer from chronic pain, and of course the multi-pronged diagnosis that no one can seem to agree on as far as mental health. i’m in pain every day and I can’t see how anybody would ever want to be part of my life in any capacity, I don’t want to be part of my dumpster fire of a life, why would I ever ask anyone else into it? But I am so miserable being so lonely. I’m just not built for it. I miss having someone to share things with, someone to cook dinner with, run errands with, sleep beside. I miss just those little things so much, without them life is so empty and worthless. 

I hate my job, it makes me physically sick it’s so stressful and so awful. I barely make enough money to pay for my apartment and my apartment isn’t very nice. I hate the town I live in, I hate everything about the way I live. i’m ashamed to ever have anyone in my apartment, I keep it clean, so it’s not that. my neighbors are loud, my things are old and I am making do the best that I can with things that are broken or ugly or otherwise awful. I still don’t even have all of my things from when I lived with my ex and at this point I doubt that I’m getting them. I still have bookcases in boxes that I haven’t opened because I’m not strong enough to put them together and I don’t have anyone to ask for help.  

I also don’t drive or have a car, so I feel like there is so much I can’t do or get for myself and I am so limited as far as looking for new jobs or places because I don’t know how I would get to interviews, etc. I have to rely on public transportation and I have extreme anxiety about it in so many different ways, every day I have to leave my apartment is just hellish. They are also talking about cutting bus service to the area where I live, which would mean I would have to walk to work, which is doable, but we have pretty extreme weather here and a 45 minute walk in 0 degree weather on ice for half the year and in 100 degree weather the other half doesn’t sound very appealing. Not being able to take myself where I want or need to go when I need or want to go there makes me feel so useless and helpless and trapped. 

I don’t like for people to see the way I live, it’s pretty obvious when you walk into my apartment that I don’t take very good care of myself, I eat like shit and I’m used to being all alone. it’s all set up for someone who doesn’t feel well most of the time to not have to go very far to get the things that they use the most often. I am in my 30s and my apartment looks like I’m a child, I have toys and collectibles everywhere. I like them but they embarrass me. I’m ashamed of who I am and how I live. 

there is nothing about me that makes me an attractive partner or friend. I’m not talented, or funny or entertaining, I’m not particularly nice or generous or gifted in anyway. I’m not smart or a really good person, I’m ugly inside and out.

I have started drinking again. I feel like going to the store and buying wine or beer is like putting my toes at the edge of the cliff and leaning back and forth, but if I went in and bought vodka it would be admitting that I am finally going to jump. I have been suicidal for so long I have no idea what it would feel like to not wish I was dead. I tried to kill myself once before with pills and vodka, I woke up covered in bruises and dried blood in a puddle of vomit, with no memory of getting out of my bathtub. I sat on my floor and sobbed, I was so angry that it didn’t work, that my body saved itself in a black out stupor. I cry most mornings now, waking up and realizing I’m still alive and have to drag myself through another monotonous, joyless, painful, boring, lonely day. The only way I can sleep is if I mix pills I’m probably not supposed to be mixing, usually with either alcohol or marijuana or both. 

Without love, without hope, without anything to hold on to what is the point of staying? No one would even notice I was gone. The strongest emotion anyone would have would be irritation and that would be my ex-husband having to clean up my mess and my coworkers being short staffed. No one would actually miss me, my company, my personality. No one would be sad that I was gone, in fact I think most people would be relieved. I am difficult to deal with, I know I would be relieved to not have to deal with myself anymore. there’s not a life I’ve ever touched that was better for having me in it, most people I’ve known would’ve been better off if they had never crossed my path. 

I’m ready to go, I have struggled and suffered long enough, I have done enough damage, and I am so tired. I just am having a tough time taking that last step because I’m so afraid of failing again. I’m scared of ending up in a hospital, I’m scared of ending up a vegetable. If I knew for sure that it would work, I would kill myself this second. I have no reason not to. it’s just knowing that I could actually make things worse, and I have a history of making things worse no matter how hard I try or what I do. i’m tired and I want to go and I feel like every day I get closer to stepping off that cliff. 