Scared of the aftermath...Outside of my fear of how my soon to be fiance, her parents, my parents, and my two brothers would react to me ending it all, I think I'm afraid of what I'm going to experience or not experience after its over. I see a few options for what could happen.

 1 You die and there's nothing else to experience its just nothing. (Which is nice but slightly off putting. I only want to end my pain. But at the same time I'd be none existent an that means I can't have these feelings so I'd actually be at peace in a way.)

 2 You get reincarnated. (Which means you would forget your past life thus ending your pain. This also gives you a chance to have a good life as well. So also a chance at peace, however you could just end up in more pain, because the world is just shit, plain and simple.)

3 Reincarnation alternative. So basically you're reincarnated however everyone that has ever lived is actually one of your past or present reincarnation. (This is possibly the worst thing that could happen for reincarnation. There are so many people who are Brutally murdered, tortured, raped, beat, experimented on, ect... ect... There are so many horrifying instances that would make this form of reincarnation much worse than Hell.)

4 There is a Heaven, Hell, and Purgatory. (Going to Heaven would be the best thing to happen when you die because you are pain free now and get to still experience things that you love like music, games, pets possibly, and any of your other hobbies. While Heaven is what you want to achieve, there is an entrance exam and suicides may or may not be aloud. According to the religious, suicides aren't aloud and are torn apart by harpies in Hell... So I'd like to avoid that. Then there is Hell which depending on you offenses (and the accuracy of what people believe) isn't that horrible compared to number 3, but then there's the other offenses that you could do that would make it so much worse than number 3... Then you have Purgatory where (as far as I know) it's pretty much like a shitty waiting room for eternity where if you're lucky, you may or may not be able to get into Heaven.)

5 You become a ghost. (It's only cool on the off chance you get free reign of doing what you want instead of droning on and being stuck doing your past routines, or stuck remembering or reliving you're shity life. The sad thing is that you can't kill yourself again to rid the pain. Plus the longer you're a ghost the less of you're true self there will be. You'll slowly dwindle away losing what used to make you... well you! Even if you did get free will and get to do what ever you want. You'd watch everyone you love die. You may be able to interact with other ghosts but maybe you don't. You'd get to the point where everything has lost meaning and you'd probably wish you could just experience nothing at all instead of this. Just realized that being a ghost would probably be like Purgatory... or is Purgatory.)

Either way, what ever happens, it's most likely horrible. If there is a Heaven, and suicides can get in then that would be ideal as long as you haven't done anything even tiny that could make you go to Hell or Purgatory. But you're second best option is to experience nothing. Just the amount of horrible shit that could happen after you kill yourself, is what scares me the most. I want to end my pain. Not make my pain unimaginably worse and last for eternity... but I'm tired and getting to the point of not caring what the afterlife has entail for me.