Need help with a friend.Hi. I'm still in school (17yrs old) and I have this friend I'm worried about. I need help because I'm not exactly comfortable with asking him flat out if he has depression, and whether or not he's on the verge of ending himself. Unfortunately, I'm 90% sure he has depression, and I'm not sure I know enough about him or his circumstances to know whether he will indeed commit the act. 

A bit about him. He has a few friends, but he's not exactly a social creature. He spends most of his breaks doing his work, studying in library etc. He's really smart, he's funny and his mind is really spectacular; he's good at just about every subject he does, his math is impeccable, the stories he writes for english are creative and funny; a side of him he doesn't show much to other people. He has a brilliant mind, but he's shy.

However, I notice that he spends a lot of time doing two things; studying and gaming. His parents are divorced and he mainly lives with his mum. Recently I thought something was up, because only this year have i been getting to know him better. I always thought he might have had some sort of depression, and he's dropped a few hints here and there, but one day he walked in and looked like he was having a really bad day. Sometime in the lesson, I think the guy next to him was annoying him (in a light hearted, what friends do sorta manner) and my friend said something along the lines of "See this is the reason...(sorry forgot what he said here)... What if I'm on the news tomorrow?" 

Without saying too much, there was someone last year who did take their life at our school. I didnt want a repeat. Today, I asked him how he did in his english exam. He told me he had a new idea for his creative; one centred around a suicidal character. Then he said it was autobiographical, but with a smile. He does this a lot, when he wants you to think he's joking but he really isn't. He's quite a character in that he's always faking things and making other people laugh at the stupid stuff he does. But in a way it makes me think he's cheapening his dignity by doing all this.

Anyway, after today, I didn't want to feel responsible knowing all this in case something did happen. I want to message my student advisor anonymously, but since I talk to my friend a lot, I'm sure he'll figure out it was me that spoke out if the year advisor says something like 'a friend was worried about you.' I'm really unsure about how to confront him about all this, it's something out of my comfort zone. Of course, I'm being selfish. 

i need help reddit