Falling on Deaf EarsSince I don't know anyone personally I'm going to post this here instead of my social networks:

I think about suicide every day. I constantly think about the decisions that I've made that have led to this point and wish I could go back in time. I wish that I had never met Sierra. I wish that I had bucked up and just stayed in college to get my degree. I wish that I hadn't pushed people away. I wish that I could change the things in my life but I can't. I want to die but I'm afraid of pain. Do I shoot myself in the head? What if I mess it up and I end up a fucking vegetable? Then I'm REALLY fucked because then I REALLY can't do anything about the sadness that I feel. I made a promise to my mom that I wouldn't "check out" but that promise is harder and harder to keep every day. I can't even afford a fucking gun to end what I feel. I want to tell the ones I know personally how I feel but all I'll get is "That's the easy way out" "That's for weak people". Don't fucking tell me what's weak and what isn't. You have no fucking idea the emptiness that I feel and the relief I get thinking about ending it all. What the fuck am I even here for anyway? There is no God, no heaven, no Hell. When we die we're just rotting corpses in the ground and a fading memory for the ones still living. Our lives in the whole scale of things are so small and meaningless it's hard to see why we fight to stay alive. We live to pay bills. We live to have houses we don't care about. We buy things to impress people we don't even fucking like. We say things to hide the way we really feel. The pressure we feel to be liked, to be wanted is so unbelievably heavy it crushes our souls. We build this ideal in our minds that we need to act a certain way, to BE a certain way and to feel a way that we'll be socially accepted and for what? I fucking hate that I can't express myself in my own way that won't be judged. Why is our society so closed minded? Why do we hate others because they're different then ourselves? Why are we here? What the fuck are we supposed to do in this life? Are we really here to work, work, have babies, work, tell our kids that we need to work hard for a life that's meaningless anyway? The connections we make with most of the people we meet are fucking superficial anyway. This is fucking bullshit.