I'm Too Scared to Kill MyselfI hate knowing that I'm too cowardly to kill myself. I know that I have a great life, and I have a loving family and good friends. But I wish I was never born. I wish I didn't have to burden everyone around me with my disgusting helplessness. I want to kill myself but I'm so scared of death. I just want to die but I don't want to die and I don't know what to do. 
I feel so dumb because of the fact that I live like a regular person and still I dare to say that I want to kill myself. I laugh with my friends and watch anime, I scroll through social media apps all day. I don't feel like I'm really depressed. But I want to die so badly and I don't know how to get over my fear of death.
It sounds stupid now but I'm still going to school and living with my parents. It makes everything I've said so far seem stupid because I'm too young to really be depressed, and maybe it's just puberty. I'm not sure whether I want to kill myself or if I'm just being dramatic. Life is too good for me. I don't deserve to be alive. I am not worthy of standing before the world and demanding to live. Because I am the scum of the Earth. Deep down, I know that nobody likes me. My family is not rich by any means but I live comfortably in a rented one floor house paid for by my grandparents. Although I know that my parents are poor, they spend money on my therapy just because I was cutting myself for a little while, and they said they were worried. My friends took me to the counseling office at school when they realized how often I was cutting, and they practically forced me to take therapy. After my parents locked the box cutter (which I was using to cut myself daily) in a safe, I tried to buy a new one two more times. After a little while, both box cutters were found and locked away. Although I had stopped cutting myself of my own will after I realized that it wasn't really helping, it was still taken away from me. I now wish I hadn't told my therapist about that decision, so that I could still have the option to do it.
 My therapist recently told me that there's not much she can do to help anymore, and next week I'm going to be prescribed medication to "help". I'm not sure if I even want to be happy anymore. 
I need real courage to kill myself. I don't know if anyone is going to respond to this because of how stupid it sounds, but if you decide to, please don't try to convince me not to do it. To be honest, I won't read your comment once I see that it's not helping. I understand that people who know how to get that courage have all probably killed themselves, but I just hope that somebody out there can give me the courage. 
Thank you for reading until the end.