If you don't mind, please read this and give me some advice. I need someone to talk to.I just hate my life so much. I have everything I could ever ask for according to my mom--sure, I have material possessions--I have a home, a computer, a phone, nice clothes, I do well in school and I'm talented in art and writing but I just can't bring myself to care about any of that. It makes me feel like a spoiled brat but I'm just so miserable. Over the summer, I was excited to go back to school. Junior year was going to be the year I was finally happy. I was going to overcome my social anxiety and finally have the group of friends I've wanted for so long, but it didn't happen. I've been seeing a therapist, but it's like it's only getting worse. Therapy makes me feel worse, if you can believe it. My therapist is condescending, I don't feel supported by her and her methods are useless but I'm not allowed to switch.

I have one friend at school, that's it. I love her but she's so anti-social that I can't meet anyone through her, and I just feel so trapped. It's stupid. I know how to make friends, and I relate with people really easily, but my anxiety, avoidant nature and fear of rejection set me back to the point of no return.

I don't care about being talented or smart. I'd trade that in an instant for friends, a functional family and to be pretty. I try so hard to love myself but no matter what I do I just look ugly. No one has ever called me pretty outside of my family.

I wish I could be a normal teenager. I wish I could be gossiping with my friends, crushing on guys and stressing over exams. I wish I could go out with friends on Friday nights, have sleepovers, but instead I'm stuck with debilitating anxiety and depression that no matter how hard I try to overcome it, and trust me, I try, it's just stuck. I think about killing myself every other day, and I'm only 16. My life has been like this since I was like 12.

I miss being in elementary and having so many friends, feeling confident in myself and being able to crush on boys without feeling guilty and ugly. 

Every time I manage to build up my self-esteem and I feel like I can do this, I can overcome this and finally be happy with my life, I'm knocked down again and I'm right back at square one. 

As much as I love my family, my one friend at school and the friends I've made online, sometimes I wish they didn't care about me. I wish they hated me, so I could kill myself without a problem. I fully believe I have no future. No matter how much I try, even after going to fucking therapy, nothing is better. It's just worse and getting even worse.

My mom told me that it didn't matter if I had no friends, if I was completely miserable--I had to keep going. But why? It seems like everyone who was a social failure in high school goes on to be on in their adult life and I just can't live with that. It's kind of an oxymoron but socializing is what I care about the most. Without it, I think life is meaningless. I'm not an introvert, I need lots of socialization to feel content and happy and as much as I try to remove myself from that and be okay with being alone, the feeling of loneliness just eats me up.

I really want to kill myself. I've written several suicide letters, but I end up throwing them away because I can't stand the thought of leaving my family and friend. Not friends, friend. Lol. Doesn't that just sound pathetic? 

If I tried to kill myself, I would come back to school and be stared at. Anyone else would be welcomed back by their friends, probably in tears, glad that they're alive but no one even knows me. No one cares. 

Part of me wishes I could just try it and fail, to see what would happen. I want to see if anyone at school, maybe one of my teachers would tell me that they cared about me and that they thought I was a wonderful student. 

I wish I had a shoulder to cry on. I wish I had friends, I wish I had a boyfriend, I wish I was pretty. Everyone else has these things without even having to work toward them but I try and try and try and I just fail.

I just wish I could fucking off myself. I hope someday soon I have the courage too. It seems like nothing is ever going to get better, so I hope my life goes to shit and I stop caring for good.