I wish I wasn't such a coward......If I wasn't one, I'd be dead by now. 

It hurts so much and I don't know what the damn problem is.  I have parents who meet my needs for me and care about me, I get to study without worrying about debt, and though it's only a few people, I do have... Friends who care. My family and I don't see eye to eye, and we argue a lot, but they still care... But I still feel so alone. 

I can't trust them. I don't want to hurt them, to let them know their efforts weren't enough. I don't want to expose what's going on within; however in a shitty state it is, this is... The only sanctuary I have, away from judging eyes. Inside, I'm free, safe, even if it hurts. I don't want to have to expose that. I don't want to have to expose my soul.

Why? Why do I still feel so hopeless, worthless and vile? Why does it hurt so much?  Why does my soul feel like it's being constricted, being wrung out, gasping for air? Why do I feel like being eaten alive? 

Why do I have to be different from other people? Why can't I just be like everyone else and not have to struggle to "fit" in?   I don't know what it is...Both my younger brothers have Asperger's... I'm the oldest daughter, I don't know if I have it since here they think it's just a "boy" thing... But I don't know... I don't get people, social norms.. Everything I do know, I know by intellect, not intuition. But it still fails. I have to act, to masquerade, to get by... And it still falls short.

Mom says I seem bipolar... I've never been diagnosed, I don't know...

I don't know why I'm here, what to strive for, why do I toil... The dreams I once had... They taunt me, torment me. I wish I never had them at all.  

It feels like every effort I make will be in vain, like nothing I do will amount to anything. This is in spite of what has happened in the past, which absolutely contradictory to my beliefs about myself. I did well in middle school and junior/senior high: honors, won contests, was a valued student who brought honor to her alma mater. High-achiever. Was a people-pleaser. Everyone said I had talent, I was brilliant, I had skills... But why can't I believe it? Why do I still feel fucking shitty about myself? 

I feel like a fraud, both then and now. 

 I'm in college now and I'm a nobody here. That's proof I was a fraud, isn't it? I'm a worthless nobody. I don't have the drive I used to. I don't want to try anymore. I just want to rot. I hate waking up in the morning.

And it hurts. Fuck, it hurts. 

Sleep eludes me. I can't even be granted the sweet release of sleep; I cry and beg every night just to fall asleep and be released from my thoughts... It made me think, "Will I one day beg for the sweet release of death too?"

It hurts... It hurts... I want it to end... Please help me. I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me.