I have to take next semester off of college because of my epilepsy, and my life is spinning out controlI’m in my third semester of college. Back in May 2017 I was diagnosed with epilepsy, and it’s been an uphill battle with depression, anxiety, grief, and loneliness ever since. Until now I’ve been living a relatively normal life (held a job, stayed in school, kept a 3.85 GPA, avoided teenage pregnancy). But I’ve decided that it’s better for me to take next semester off of school, mainly because I’m switching medications, which could be extremely dangerous if I’m not close to my doctors in my home state.

But my situation at home isn’t that supportive either. Part of the reason I go to school 3000 miles from home is that I was running away from the toxicity. My parents and sibling don’t particularly like each other, and the constant fights wear me down. I can’t drive due to my epilepsy, so most of the time I’m stuck at home when these fights happen. The only human interaction I get is with my family (except for when we go somewhere together, which is rare since they can’t stand being around each other for long periods of time), so even the fighting is better than the silence when everyone refuses to speak to each other. This will only get worse during the semester, because most of my friends from home go to college pretty far away, so I’ll be all alone.

I also get attacked for my looks, and now I feel so ugly that I hate doing anything that involves people seeing me. I got a short pixie cut at the beginning of the summer, and my parents flipped their shit because “people will think you’re weird and you look like a man now.” I’m almost 20 and still have acne, and they question me about the most basic things (did you wash your face today? Did you change your pillowcase? Did you eat anything that would’ve caused inflammation?). They hate the fact that I don’t shave my legs, and they make me wear full pants when I’m out in public with them. They hate the way I dress (too casual for their liking) and constantly tell me that potential dates and employers won’t even give me the time of day since I don’t look presentable.

I even think I might have the beginning of an eating disorder. I’ve started eating significantly less (to the point where I’m hungry almost all the time) because I have so much body fat (23 BMI) and also know that eating less will cause less acne breakouts. This is a last ditch attempt to get some self esteem, because maybe if I become pretty to others I might be able to find myself pretty someday.

I’m not trying to paint my parents as bad people. It’s a cultural difference since they have old fashioned Indian values and they think that they’re making me stronger by being so harsh. I know they have my best interests in mind, but they can’t help fighting because even though they love me, they hate each other.

It’s been 2 weeks of winter break, and I have another 3 left. I’m already miserable, but if I distance myself from the family I get guilt tripped. I’m afraid that if things at home continue to get worse, my already fragile mental health will take a huge hit. And I’m so terribly afraid that my friends and classmates at school will find out that the seemingly perfect life I lead is all smoke and mirrors. Many of the people I’ve disclosed my epilepsy to have reacted really poorly, and I’ve lost some friends. But if I don’t tell people the truth, they may assume something worse.

But at the same time, I know that I’ll keep having seizures without medication, and the wrong medication could cause serious side effects, so I need my medical team close by.

I’ve accepted that being at home is a necessity, and I’m trying to make my peace with it. I just don’t know how much longer I can survive when the last bit of freedom and independence I had has been taken away. Every day I feel less like a human and more like a sad shell of who I used to be. But this is my new normal now, so I better get used to it.