No.
Don't bother replying. I'll be pulling the trigger as soon as I hit post. 

No more. I'm sick of the empty platitudes and advice. Something is wrong with me. And I have to change it.

Why don't you do what you want? Why? Because I would sincerely appreciate the comfort death would afford me. 

"Oh no!" They'll say, as if somehow that means they care, and they do. About themselves. They want to prevent themselves from feeling awful about what they could have done when there is nothing to be done. They can't accept it because they're scared. Because they'll become desensitized and a monster. They'll lose their humanity and refused to confront it. 

Not anymore. They'll be forced to contend with their inner demons and soon I'll be an after thought. Nothing more than that. And that's okay, because it means I may finally know peace. 

Why don't people take their own advice when things don't go their way? Take your own advice and suck it up. Put yourself in your hobbies or your the comfort of your friends if it helps you grieve. Don't beat yourself up over something you had no control over. Let it go like I will today. 

Because while I realize this world is a magnificent and amazing place, I have no part in it. I compartmentalize the expectations given to me and so have nothing to share it with. And this gave to the birth of my wish. 

I am doing what I so desperately need to make myself content for the short while it lasts. I'll relieve my conscience the burden of it's thoughts and my heart of it's burdens - and myself as a burden to others.

Nothing will convince me otherwise. I have this power, no one else has that right in regard to myself. 

I really tried so hard to be a shining pinacle of a person, but that doesn't get you friends. Interests do. And I haven't any. 

My cruel avarice will be the last burden that anyone should choose to carry. I will finally cure the insomnia of life and forever slumber. 

Thank you to those moments that made it worth the trouble. 


