My life is joke. I think people would be better without me.Hi everyone. My name is Max and I'm sixteen. This is my first post on Reddit, and it may be the last one. I've been depressed for a really long time and think it's time to get rid of it by ending my life. I have no friends because of my lack of any social skills. I spend every day playing video games or watching social media to avoid my emptiness. All the people I know think that I'm stupid, lazy and weird. I'm afraid about the idea of speak with people I think we can relate because every time I try to say something, we usually don't connect to each other. They see me as a loss of time, especially because I haven't got enough money so I can't hang out with them regularly. 

I always wanted to express my self in the way I dress but my dad never gave me the opportunity to choose what I want. I don't feel comfortable with the clothe I wear, and I hate when people get the wrong idea about how I really like to dress.

Not only that, people often reject me for the way I look, they make fun of me. My parents don't care too much about how I feel. They're too busy that they've never asked me about how I feel or what I would like to do. I know they do too much for me and my education, but we don't even talk.

I've never had a girlfriend. I'm so shy and strange for people. I don't have any interesting hobbies which could get their attention so girls ignore me all the time. After all, I don't do anything special.

Also, I can't do anything without ruining it. Math, music, and English are a hella nightmare because I just can't do anything right without committing stupid errors. I used to be good at school, but now it seems like I just get dumber. This year, I just couldn't sleep too well because the anxiety and depression are harassing me every night, so I watch YouTube videos until I get so exhausted to finally fall asleep. 

Nobody takes me seriously, I'm a joke to my classmates and teachers. They think I'm funny when I speak because I have a strange accent. Every time, the teacher orders us to make groups for an activity in the class, they often leave me alone.  

I can't be like everyone expects me to be. I'm too different from what they are. It feels like if I was born in another culture. I'm from Colombia, and believe me when I say that I just can't relate to them. I act like some kind of American or European people do. I mean, I take things seriously, but they just prefer to not bother about anything and let things to happen. Also, the music I listen to, the movies I watch and the language I prefer to speak is too way different from what they do. I would like to move to the US, but my family just can't afford it.

I have no special talent or something else, so there is actually nothing that could make me feel meaningful. Every day feels the same. I don't take drugs, but I think my phone does the same thing. It makes me forget that my life is empty. 
I used to be someone who had a ton of reasons to live when I was a child, but now it seems like every dream I ever had has been forgotten.
I tried to hang myself twice, but I regretted just before jumping out of the chair. I think I'm afraid of the idea that something could go wrong in the process. There is more stuff that bothers me every day apart from what I've said but that's too personal to share it on the internet.

I just want to stop suffering.