Three Day RuleToday is day two. Suicidal feelings cropped up yesterday and I still feel them strongly today, even moreso than I did the day before. 

Without going into my life story (because really, who gives a shit), I'm a 25-year old English teacher in China, and I have been for a year, since October of last year. I'll be 26 in April. I've had a very comfortable life surrounded by wonderful, supportive people (my parents, sister, and friends). There's no abuse, no one making me cry daily, etc. I'm not a hard-luck story or a person with any real dark history. All that's wrong with me is 12 1/2 years of major depression and Asperger's, as well as a weight problem that's progressively gotten worse over the 7 years I've been graduated from high school (currently 263lbs/119.3kg, peaked at 303lbs/137.5kg, started at 170lbs/77kg in my senior year of high school). Type 2 diabetes might be encroaching and that would definitely be the final straw.

I'm well aware of the fact that I'm going to cause a lot of pain and scarring for those who love and care about me. My friends back home in Texas, all the friends I've made online, and especially my parents, who've done nothing but prop me up financially and emotionally my entire life. I can't be at peace with that, and were there a way to ensure that wouldn't happen, I would take it, but there isn't. It's an unavoidable fact that my passing will bring a lot of pain and anguish to a lot of people that I care about, but I've had to accept it and just hope that while the wound will never heal, it'll at least scar over and become a stiff, occasionally achey, but livable part of their lives.

I'm not medicated, and haven't been for the year I've been here in China. It wasn't helping before, I don't think it's going to help now. I was in therapy for half of middle school, all of junior high and all of high school, and I don't recall getting much out of it, and besides that, mental health care here in China is hard to find, to say the least. I could try therapy on Talkspace or something, but it's expensive. 

I was incredibly creative in my younger years, teens, and early adulthood, but at this point I struggle to even write a creative sentence while watching others on the art sites I frequent be creative and vibrant. I've been utterly alone and unloved romantically for 7 years. I don't go out, I've been on a holiday for 3 1/2 days now and haven't left my apartment, only been in the company of online friends (whose vibrant, fun, creative lives make me feel worse) and my games. I'm just a pathetic, self-neglecting recluse and I can't deal with it anymore. I can't look at myself in the mirror seeing my body so pale and covered in little sores and red spots I can't trace, thick, coarse, disgusting hair, and angry red stretch marks all over my lower stomach, to make no mention of cellulite. I'm just washed-up, drained out and plodding through life for the sake of making others happy that I'm not dead. I've got nothing I want to stay alive for. It sucks that I've somehow endeared myself to a good chunk of people, but they'll survive. I just wish I'd been less selfish in that regard.

My apartment building is 32 floors, I figure I just need 10-12 of those. Lucky for me, since I'm afraid of heights. I'm at about the 49-hour mark since these feelings came up, and if they're still there and still this strong this time tomorrow, it's over. I have no one dependent on me, no one I'll leave in the lurch. My classes might need to be cancelled for a little while, but they'll find a teacher the kids like better than me. Apart from that, no wife, no children, no one counting on me. It's just the emotional damage, and that can't hold me back anymore. If there's nothing in life for me, then what's the point?

I haven't even been to see anything here in China for the whole year I've been here. I'd say 85% of my time has been in my apartment and the other 15% has been work or shopping on rare occasions, but I don't cook and eat very unhealthy, so that's not exactly a lot of time.

That's all there is, I guess.