I want to die.Tldr: Nothing matters. I want to die. Life struggles arent worth it. We're alone in this world so why should i give a fuck. Anyone know the easiest way to kill myself? 








I wrote a long ass post but it got deleted because I accidently clicked back. (not the original reason I wanted to die but it is now.)

I was 10 when I first asked my mother "Why don't people just kill themselves? wouldn't that be quicker if everyone dies anyway?" I've never seen the point in life. I've wanted to kill myself for years but always been too scared of the pain. If guns were legal in the UK I'd probably already be dead.

If I was to choose a way it would be to jump from somewhere high, to feel free and I've always wanted to fly (idk if that sounds both weird/funny but just read it objectively... or laugh idc)
Hanging myself seems the most convenient option.

Life just isn't worth the effort. I have no purpose. People say "life is what you make of it". They'll always tell you it's all down to you to make a difference and not to expect 
anything from others but suddenly want to have an input when it comes to killing myself???? 
they're the first to tell you it's selfish to kill youself after telling you how alone you should be in not relying/expecting things from others and only relying on yourself to love yourself.

Don't get me wrong, I expect nothing from no one. If I want something, I should make an effort for it and not expect handouts but don't then tell me I shouldn't kill myself if thats a choice I wish to make. 
People only give a shit when you're dead. They'll tell you things get better and to make an effort and say they're there for you but that doesn't actually help any problems. That doesn't help me find a purpose. That doesn't help with the struggle of day to day life wanting to die. 

I find generally being alive neutral. Just existing. 

when you add on how fucked up the world is (-1), Having no purpose (-1) Struggling with money (-1) Being forced to put so much money and effort into a shit system and that being the only way to actually make something of your 
life like university while ending up in debt(-20) or having to work a shitty job (-1) ending up in debt (-1) being unlovable and broken (-1) there's just no point.
 I had a call from the bank recently about my overdraft. I have no money to live on until i next get student finance in april. since i've maxed out my overdraft and credit card, they said they wanted to help. I didn't get an extension i was promised. 
While they were telling me they wanted to help not ruin my credit score and pay money back, I'm telling them i'm in no position to even eat let alone worry about a fucking credit score and paying money back.

I study at university. I've tried so hard but so many complications just make it impossible for me.
 
Each day is an attempt to distact myself from this shitty life, spending months at a time inside and alone to only end up having the shit I've distracted myself from pile up on me. 
I just want to be alone. 
I just want to be left the fuck alone. If I had the choice, I'd be left alone in my room to 
distract myself until I leave this miserable world. just me, food and my laptop. I want to be lazy.
You're right, I shouldn't be but I don't care. If it's a problem I can always kill myself which I alsp dont care about. If people don't want me to kill myself so much, give me a reason to be alive. Make my life worth living or shut the fuck up. Some do have it worse but why would that matter?
people are selfish.  All I ever did was care for others so why can't I just be selfish for just this once.
none of that changes anything. 

I'm just another shitty insignificant human being on this shitty planet. in 100 years I wouldn't matter anyway. no one would be alive to miss me.

I'm tired. I'm exhausted. I don't want to leave my bed of a morning. I just want to wither away