Up and downI'm not usually the type to talk about what I'm going through, especially to the public. So being my first time forgive me I don't get my point across correctly. Some of my points may come across as arrogant but please bare with me.

Since 2001 I have suffered from depression after I had a whiplash accident. I mention the accident because that is the point where my life changed forever. I lost nobody and was the only person involved and it was my fault.
Before the accident I was a straight A student (&gt;95% for everything) and I could pull it off without being nerdy, I barely studied for anything. Post accident, slowly but surely my grades dropped and I found myself battling to concentrate. I also barely remember what happened before the accident, its fuzzy. This frustrated me, over the years I lost interest in schooling to the point where there were months at a time I did nothing. Doing nothing is my favorite pastime but we'll get to that. I also get headaches every day of my life. I wake up with pins and needles in my head.

I've always been a logical person, seeing reason over emotion. But this started changing around the age of 17. I started to notice I was sub-par and it was not okay. This bothered me and made small everyday issues that most people shrug off into big issues that stuck in the back of my mind and would build up and up... But I would never explode. I kept everything internalized.

My past is fully of ups and downs in terms of relationships and career. The factor present being that no matter where I am in both I am unhappy. Not for want of more or less. Just unhappy, nothing makes me happy.

I wrote this whole long story about how I got to where I am now, but figure nobody wants to read that. I can paste it if it would help clarify.

I recently made a huge mistake (no surprise there) on new years which has made me wonder who I even am. I don't know myself anymore. Now my life long depression is at it's worst, I've just gone off Cilift when this happens. Now I can't stop thinking about ending everything. I have everything and nothing to live for. The only people who would miss me are my immediate family. They would never understand why.