My friend is suicidal; what can I do?Hi, friends of Reddit.

One of my closest friends has been feeling depressed and suicidal for a long time (over 5 years) and last night, she confided in me that it was getting much worse recently. She is feeling absolutely hopeless and the only thing holding her back is how much it would destroy her younger sister if she went through with it. She will lie in bed all day, wishing she could 'stop existing'.

I am the only one who knows about how she feels right now. Her parents suspect it and her therapist probably, too, as she has already tried to commit suicide once before. She won't tell anyone else because she fears their reactions. Her mother is quite forceful, her father the complete opposite, and she feels uncomfortable talking to 'a stranger' (her therapist). Her older sister is very aggressive and she loves her younger sister too much to potentially upset her. She feels like a burden to her family and strongly believes that they are only putting up with her because 'they have to'.

We're both 20 right now and it doesn't help that all of us around her have gone to university to study. Her parents have tried to force her to go to university for the past two years, but my friend has no interest whatsoever. She is 'trying' to get a job now, but stays in bed all day, because she has no interest in that either. I've been through depression, too (though not nearly as long and for a completely different reason), so I can tell that she's not being ridiculously lazy, which her family thinks; it's just the lack of will to even get up in the morning.

She's constantly panicking and paranoid about everything, although she won't always show it. I'm glad that she feels comfortable enough to talk to me (I am the only person she knows, who has been through anything remotely similar), but I don't know what to do except for listen to her and try and convince her that people do love her, etc.- (I don't even know if that is the right thing to do). She's very reliant on pills and is always wishing for a pill to cure this or cure that. I told her that not every solution comes in pill-form, but looking back, it may not have been the cleverest thing to say.

I'm just a bit lost, but I am the only person she can talk to. I want to be there for her and be the best friend I can possibly be for her.
So, dearest redditors, any help you have for me is greatly appreciated.

Thanks a lot and hugs to everyone!