becoming too muchI could really use a friend, or at least someone that can pretend like they care. PM me for my KIK.(f/25/canada) any creeps will be ignored. Thank you.


--- 

My roommate knows im suicidal and lonely, but he's going out to the bar to have fun tonight. I asked if I can join and he said no because I'll ruin his night.

That was heartbreaking, but I'm honestly I'm used to it. Born into this earth to be abused from everyone and lose the only people who care about me.

I blame my childhood abuse and sexual abuse for my troubles now, I have major trust issues and unstable mental health all the time. 

It hurts so fucking much seeing other women my age find love, have cars, jobs, and finishing school. While all I do is get pushed down and abused. I honestly try to get my life together but something terrible always happens like life is telling me I'm not worthy to be happy.

I wish I wasn't such a coward or I'd do it already, been suicidal since I was 12 years old and I'm 25 now. Everyday I wake up hoping I die. I hate myself so much and just want it all to end.

It's been a year, a whole fucking year that so much shit has been happening, I think I'm cursed or something. I try my hardest to be a decent understanding human, but the world just wants to watch me suffer. The bad shit just won't stop and I'm at my wits end just to fucking end it.

There's still so much I want to do in life, but im not worthy enough for it. All the other better people deserve it. All the people who didn't live through abuse get to live good lives. And it's so heartbreaking. I just want a break. I want happiness too. Why do they get it and I don't?

All this abuse as a child and now into my adulthood makes me believe all life is full of hate and abuse. All I want is love and comfort. But that doesn't exist. Not in my horrible world.

I know other people have it so much worse than me, but maybe they're stronger than me. Maybe they can get through shit, but I can't. Maybe I'm just weak. There's only so much a person can deal with. And 25 fucking years of Hell on earth is enough time. I just need it to all end. 

Sorry, just needed to rant.

Hope you're having a good day at least. &lt;3
