I don't think I was supposed to make it past childhood, and this haunts me.My childhood was tinted by sickness and loneliness. I remember being in kindergarten and during Christmas break, I was so sad and tired that I laid down on the floor and stayed there for as long as I could, until my parents forcibly moved me, with the intention to starve myself to death. I felt like a malfunctioning robot. As I continued to grow, it shifted into feeling like a wisp of a ghost's soul. It's as though I wasn't meant to be born here (or at least not as a human, perhaps as a fern on a jungle floor) and right away, nature realized its mistake and has been subtly trying to correct it. After two decades, I'm burnt out by those health obstacles and harbor such heavy, icy dread knowing they're never going to cease being present. I'm also tired of being lonely and feeling scared of people, of having a plethora of regrets already piled up and tumbling over in regards to things I did or didn't do, of year after year of knowing deep in my heart I have no prospects. I don't want anything to do with this gloomy life I'm stuck with...

I had a guiding moon through my last relationship but that guiding moon vanished once the relationship ended. I'd forgotten how hard it is to navigate alone. I feel like I'll never be able to recapture that essence of light and safety again with someone else even though I really, truly want to. It hit me tonight my desire is probably just a fantasy. This, too, compounds to make life worthless.

Lately I've started to become a bit reckless with myself. I do things every day to increase my chances of blood clot formation while knowing already I'm an individual who's at high risk of it, I'll purposely dehydrate and starve myself for a couple days even though I know my body is too sensitive, I keep using a medication despite it causing adverse reactions. These kinds of things. And although I realize it, I don't intend on changing my behavior. I wouldn't mind if my body were to finally just break permanently. I know a way to trigger a massive vasculitis flare within myself and for the past few days, every single day I ponder doing it. I'm not sure why exactly I don't yet, or what is stopping me from being the outright master of my fate. I guess because a wilted flower has no ability in any way, not even to further bend itself or shudder its final petals away.