Abandoned at every turn. Loneliness is getting the better of me.When I was born I was left for adoption by my parents. My adoptive family however left me for foster care after a few years. Growing up in foster care wasn't all that nice. I was given to various homes and at time there were abuse and at times things were nice but nobody ever took any interest in me.

After 18 I found my adoptive family who told me that the reason they left me was that they changed their minds about being parents. Well. They're still parents as they have their own kid so I smelled BS but it is what it is. They gave me details of my birth family and I found that they have two other kids who they raised. One older and one younger than me. So they never wanted a second kid and I came by accident, so they left me for adoption. A third kid came by accident and they raised her. Ain't I the luckiest kid on the block.

So at 18 I was lost and confused and got hooked up with some bad company and an older guy who played on my issues and got me into his gang of young boys. He got us moving drugs around the city. Well I was busted and I didn't rat him out and I even confessed to something he did so I did 8 years. Nobody came to visit me not my family not that guy. The horrors that happened to me on the inside is another subject altogether. I got out and I was basically on my own. Couldn't find a job anywhere until I left the city did some hitchhiking and ended up at a small village where I got a job on a farm. It was nice. Good people who never asked about my history. I stayed there for two years until I made the mistake of telling someone about my past and he told everyone and they wanted me to go.

I was moved and moved until found a place to stay with a very old couple in the middle of nowhere and I've been there ever since. It's not bad but I mean it's super lonely and no future so I don't know.

I have no reason to keep going. I've been thinking about ending it more and more and while I'm not feeling at my lowest right now I think it's just a matter of time for me. I always dream of dying in peace in a place where nobody would even care. It makes me feel peaceful. 