Tired of thinking positive, tired of law of attractionJust yesterday, just early today,  I was super positive, upbeat. The world was my playing field. I was assured by the Laws of Attraction that I will be reaching goals. I was doing something similar to the 5x55 challenge as well as the mirror one. But now, Im just tired. I was checking emails all day, looking at Indeed/Glassdoor/Linkedin. This is driving me nuts. Reflecting back, I always thought positive when an interesting employer calls me for an interview. I'm always thinking I'm going to nail it. I prep and prep. I dream about me socializing with my new coworkers, implementing new operational strategies, just contributing a lot to a company. I dream about my new salary- what I'm going to buy with it. I have been positive manifesting all of this time, but I'm still almost 20 phone screenings, in-person, and over the phone interviews in, but no job. So what's these new positive manifestation tactics will do for me that thinking positive didn't do? I guess I'm just suckered in because I need something to believe in right now. It's a coping mechanism. 


Sorry for the rambling, but I just need to vent. Somedays, I feel like ending it all. Going out the easy way- overdosing on pills, but Im scared of death. If it wasn't for that, I would have been gone. I'm tired of thinking positive, being positive, believing God will rescue me. Ive been thinking this way all of my life, but life still continues to be hard. I am willing to work hard for everything I want, but I can't catch a damn break. 


I want to be more than what I am now. I'm tired of being an underachiever. I'm just tired. I just don't know. I'm suppose to be positive for this security guard and server interviews I got tomorrow. But dammit, I'm almost three years out of uni come Dec 12th, I want to be more, do more. I look at my former classmates. Everyone is reaching a milestone, but I'm here interviewing to become a security guard for a hotel, old folks home, whatever the job is station. 



I know I should be atleast content, I guess. I do need a job because I don't have a place of mine and it allows me to get a place. Because, Im near homeless at this point. I don't know. I guess I just always envisioned myself having a career, doing big things at this point in my life. 