i just feel numb    I’m 17 and i honestly at this point in my life, just wanna die. I’m not trying to be dramatic or use suicide as a cry for help, i just feel so helpless and drained. I’ve dealt with Anxiety, depression and ocd for as long as i can remember. I feel like i’m losing my mind because all of those disorders are at a peak rn. Sleep is my only escape and relief because those things don’t follow me into my dreams. i’ve thought before that If a psychic or somebody came up to me and said that i was going to die by suicide one day, i wouldn’t really be surprised or shocked. I mean it would honestly make sense. I feel so mentally and emotionally exhausted. I’m always so tired of being at a war with my own mind. I can’t imagine myself having a future or genuinely being happy later in life. I just feel like mind doesn’t want me to be happy. For example last summer i had like a 3 day period where i just felt so happy and on top of the world. None of my mental illnesses came into play at all and i just felt so damn happy. I thought that this would maybe be the start of something new, and i cried tears of joy at a possible start to a new beginning. I felt like my life and my mental health was finally getting better and i had so much hope. People even took notice of how happy i truly was. Then a couple of days later i had my very first panic attack and everything just got worse from there. Deep down i should have known that my temporary happiness was too good to be true. I genuinely just feel like the anxious and depressed part of my mind wants me to kill myself, and if that is true in some ways i don’t want to let it win. I’ve been hospitalized for my mental health and am currently in day treatment to try and get better. I want things to get better i truly do, I have the smallest sliver of hope left but it’s so hard to even focus on that when all you want to do is just die. I constantly think about killing myself, and have made plans to do it. I don’t really want to die honestly i just want the pain to end. I’m tired of living like this. I can’t believe that some people don’t deal with this on a day to day basis. I wish to be like those people. I don’t know what i did to deserve this but somehow i probably do deserve to feel like this. I probably won’t kill myself because deep down i’m so scared of the outcomes and the possibility that it might not even work. As depressing as it sounds, i just feel like I’m gonna do it someday so why not just get it over with now. I don’t know if this is my brain playing tricks on me but i almost feel like i was destined to do it. I mean why would i think about it so much otherwise? Idek i just feel done. I feel helpless and worthless and honestly i’m surprised that i haven’t killed my self at this point. I’ve had anxiety for about my whole life (just didn’t know it was called that) , had symptoms of ocd since the 4th grade, and exhibited symptoms of depression since middle school. i just feel so powerless. and to be completely honest i don’t even know why i am writing this. i guess i just don’t have anywhere else to turn. i don’t expect to get any responses but i just feel like it’s better than sitting and crying for hours and hours on end. So if you got to the end and have anything to say, i appreciate it. 