Stupid question/bad pitch, completely serious: Is now a good time to kill myself?I guess that's probably a stupid question, given the subreddit I'm posting in, but I couldn't think of anywhere else to post it and honestly I really have to get this down. I *am* going to commit suicide-- I'm really past the point of being talked out of it, so while support is appreciated, I'd really prefer nobody attempt to change my mind, I really don't want to hear it-- and I think now might be a good time. Some background:

So I'm 20 years old and a trans woman, and also a codependent piece of shit who can't keep a job and so has to live at home with my dad. Problem is, my dad doesn't love me anymore (due to me being trans), and living with him is really weighing on me. He refuses to call me by my chosen name, and I'm FUCKING sick and tired of hearing my deadname (deadname = name I was born with, for those that don't know) and, basically, I hate it enough that killing myself feels like a preferable option.

I've tried talking to my dad about it. I've told him how much it hurts me, and I've asked him several times now to call me by my chosen name. The first time-- 6/7 months ago-- he said he'd "think about it". After 6 months of him literally not making a single effort to call me by my name, not even once, I asked him again. He got pissed and wouldn't listen to me at all-- the entire time I was talking to him, the only response I got was "ok?" (like: "okay, why the fuck are you talking to me?"), and at the end of it he said, in what I can only assume is the nastiest tone he could muster: "I guess I'll just have to think about it".

So, I've decided that if my deadname is so fucking important to him, then he can pay to have it engraved on my tombstone and then he can drive his sad, sorry ass down to the graveyard and stare at it every fucking day if he wants. Don't want a trans daughter? Fine, happy fucking Father's day, now you don't have one. You can stick me in a tuxedo and write that vile fucking name on the tombstone and tell everyone how broken up you are than your "son" has died, congrats. You'll get your son back, he'll just be fucking dead because you couldn't be assed to put in the effort to treat HER like a human being.

The worst part is, I've been depressed and had other mental health problems for *years* , literally since I was 8 or 9 years old. For over a decade that man told me to my face that he'd do *anything* to make me feel better. And then when I fucking come to him and tell him that all he has to do is call me Vivian, such a *simple* fucking task, that it would make me feel better... he won't fucking do it. He's been lying to my face for years.

I want this to hurt him. I want him to suffer every single day of his life knowing that I killed myself because of him. I want everybody else to know it and treat him like shit. I want his life to be Hell, because that's what mine is because of him. 

Happy fucking father's day