Oh where to begin...I've been plagued by mental health issues pretty much since birth  

This caused an enormous amount of strain on me and my family, and made me an outcast from early childhood and gained a reputation of weird, out there, bad, ect from people who knew absolutely nothing about me. But I just shrugged it off and kept on going.  

Then in middle school I started getting bullied, couldn't walk down the hallway without getting called a faggot and it being middle school the rumors about me just flew like crazy. Then I was homeschooled in 7th grade because of the bullying and the rumors took on a whole new level of crazy and just flat out bullshit. But I just kept going.

And then in 8th grade I went back to school, and finally made friends. People still had all kinds of bullshit ideas about me without ever even having a conversation about me. But I actually made friends.

Then in high school everything got better at first, I had tons of friends who I considered family. I wasn't being bullied (to my face). And I was actually happy.

Then my second year of high school started and BOOM insomnia. I became extremely irritable, I was sleeping in class, wasn't shaving, dressing like shit and so on. Well I didn't know this at the time but my cyclothymia ("lesser" version of bipolar disorder) had kicked into 12th gear. What makes matters worse is I was already seeing a shrink and psychiatrist. So I was getting medication. But can you guess what meds I was getting? Just anti-depressants. And for those who don't know, ADs + cyclothymia or bipolar disorder = (in my case) hypomania. What fun. Basically for 3 years I was mostly hypomanic. I'm sure you can all guess what this was like.  

Well since one of the symptoms of hypomania is arrogance, this got mistook for narcissism. And a certain (true narcissist) didn't like this. So he went around to all my friends (who I considered family) and told them I was this horrible person who thought all of them were less than me. Which of course I didn't, I saw almost all of them as my equal.  

And then it gets better, he decided to assume that I was also a liar because I mentioned that I fell into a firepit when I was a kid and melted my hand together. But there's no scar. So I must be lying. Even tho it did really happen. I'll find a way to prove it to you if you don't believe me. . He told everyone this. So practically overnight my family was gone.  

My insomnia had gotten to the point where I was staying awake from 81 straight hours and to cope, I turned to xanax and benadryl to sleep. The fallout is obvious.  

So I'm left alone, addicted to xanax, going fucking mad from sleep deprivation, and I dropped out of high school.  

9 months later I had a nervous breakdown, cyclothymia progressed to full blown bipolar disorder. I start flying off the handle and punching holes in walls. Smoking tons of weed to cope. Struggling with xanax and ativan. And I have no one. Not a single person.

What's the point. None of you will read this far down my rambling to read this. I ruined everything. But no. I'm apparently not allowed to be happy or have friends. I just ruin everything.