I don't know what I'm waiting forI'm a 25M and since 10 I've been a suicidal social outcast, permanently always the odd one out, the reject, with no advantage, single all my life. Multiple times between 10 &amp; 12/13 I've attempted to kill myself, but never the right way. From 13 till now. I've used alcohol, drugs and weed to feel good, numb the suicidal feelings and it all backfired. I've screwed up my life. I have wasted my parents money through school till university. I'm as good as a dropout. Now my mum's a widow and all she sees are my bad sides. I don't blame her. I have no good sides. She has totally given up on me, and I know I was meant to be aborted (She told me when she n my dad fought once out of the multiple times), but here I am.  Every morning is a constant reminder of my faults and failures. The one thing I feel will help me ignore it all if I could; I have no interest in anymore. I'm a Sickle cell patient, so naturally, I don't expect to live long, deep down I guess I hope I'm not one of the lucky ones of my type to live long, I don't know. But I'm done waiting really. Only two things come to mind when I think about taking my life - my younger ones, and the means. 

Eternal sleep MIGHT reduce my mum's life too as I'm the first born, but then it might not cause she's lost all hopes in me, and it'll reduce her financial burden. Either way it will affect my younger ones. The two older men in their life gone. The only other guy is the last born. And I know they will get over it eventually

The second; means. If I had or knew how to get a gun, I most likely wouldn't be here now. I don't want to be in pain when going, but I'm tired of living. In the end no matter the pain, from drowning, poisoning, whatever, it will eventually end. 

But still I can't bring myself to do it. I don't know what I'm waiting for, I know I'll eventually do it. I just don't know when. I guess I'm hoping things can get better, but I don't see how. 

I have no access to therapy and can't get one, I have no one I feel comfortable to talk to/with. I'm just fed up of crying really. I don't know.

I can't imagine a future for myself, I no longer have goals. I do have one wish tho. That I could live away from home. Only if I could afford to - which would be the case if I didn't fuck my life up, but that's the cycle of my only other way out.