Nobody and Nothing Left 

I am in the Irish defence forces nearly ten years now and have watched it decline and the unrest among serving members grow and grow to boiling point. I look back on my decision to join the military with regret now, imagine having regret in serving your country.   


I left school to join the military as I was accepted before I finished. My father left my mother when I was quite young and he himself was a soldier. I joined to prove to myself that if he could do it so could I. Since my father had left my mother was left in quite a lot of debt, she had to sell my fathers car the house etc as he had accumulated a lot of debt and ran. My mother eventually ended up with a council house quite far away from the rest of the family. We lived on little but she done her best.   


I joined the military and served in several units done quite well in the job eventually serving overseas. However, the poor pay conditions left me scrambling to pay rent and afford the cost of living this accompanied with past troubles lead to severe depression and self-harm and eventually suicidal thoughts and acts. I attended counselling for a long time while taking medication and moved into my grandmother's with my mother who had become a full-time carer for my grandmother as she had developed dementia and was bedridden. Despite having several sisters and brothers my mother was the only person who cared night and day for my grandmother which is a show of her character.   


I stayed with my mother and grandmother for nearly a year until unfortunately, my grandmother passed away from her illnesses. Almost concurrently my mother was diagnosed with cancer so we continued to stay in my grandmother's house so she could attend the nearby hospital for treatment and me and some family could help her and she would not be far away on her own. Also at this time, I was selected for overseas after years of trying. I needed the money for a deposit for a house as I could not stay in my grandmother's forever, my mother reassured me that she would be fine she was improving with treatment and I would be back before I knew it. So I left for overseas.   


Nearing the end of the trip I received a phone call from a family member telling me that I need to return home immediately my mother was taken to hospital the cancer had spread and it was a matter of time. I was repatriated and sent home. My mother was a completely different person for the four days I seen her before she died. She did not want to tell me while I was gone as not to worry me and forbid any family from telling me from what I heard. I will never forgive myself for leaving for that trip and not being there for her.   


As an only child, I paid for everything for the funeral money I would not have had if I had not been overseas I suppose. Shortly after the council instructed me to clear out her house as they were taking it back so I removed all her belongings from the house and it was gone not long after my mother. I stayed in my grandmother's home for some time thinking of what I would do. I had to sell or give away to a family many of my mother's belongings as I had nowhere for them. I returned to a dark depressive state.   


Eventually, the family decided to sell the house I tried to suggest many ways I could purchases it,  or buy it over time anything. I had discovered that before my grandmother fell ill they had persuaded her to write my mother out of the inheritance of the house so she will receive nothing from the sale so I would have nowhere to go. I could never afford the house on my wages so I rented a storage container to store my mothers and my belongings and moved into barracks.   


Like my father, my remaining family abandoned my mother and me for the greed of money even after she looked after her own mother night and day for a long time faraway from her own house and she is left with nothing. Ironically due to my wages I can not afford to purchase a house or even rent on my own I am stuck in the barracks with little to no amenities, the accommodation is substandard and you are lucky to get a warm shower some days. I have been gotten onto over the stuff kept in my accommodation despite stating I have nowhere to put them or nowhere to go. I find myself trying to save towards a deposit which seems to be one step forward and two steps back.   


This is not to discredit the many lovely people who serve in the defence forces and I have many good friends there. It saddens me to see that these men and women are being taken advantage of by our government, these very men and women who work above the weekly guidelines taking into account duties etc which they are not properly paid for. Unfortunately, I regret my decision to join perhaps I would have a home or at least a rented property and able to enjoy basic living conditions. It seems for the foreseeable future I am stuck here, however, at this point, I honestly just wish I was gone. I cannot endure this pain any longer.  


I am just one of the members affected by pay conditions among other circumstances. I was seen once by a military psychiatrist who left shortly after which promptly stopped any other appointments which I'm sure greatly affected many defence forces members a position which has been left vacant for a long time. The stress of work alongside the cut of wages and duties has left a large problem with mental illness in the defence forces surely it is time that something is done for serving members, the treatment of the defence forces in this country has become a joke.   


(Please don't share my identity I'm ashamed and embarrassed of what's happened and my situation. I have somebody to talk to please don't mention my name thank you.)   


Thank you, 

xxxxx