You go to someone when you're really down, and they kick you into the depths of oblivionI haven't slept in 2 days. I haven't slept in 2 days, my throat feels like it's on fire, and I'm panicking. I'm panicking like a madman. I lay in bed for boundless periods of time and I can't sleep, and I feel like there's something crawling at my throat, and I feel absolutely miserable in every sense of the word. I feel like I don't have legs, I feel like I can't think or talk correctly. I feel like a broken 20 year old.

Then I tell my parents, and suddenely everything gets emotionally worse from 30 different angles. "You're so ungrateful. Everyone has to go through what you're going through. I've already taken you to enough doctors. I know EXACTLY what you're feeling, and the way to make them better is with these here vitamins." Vitamins. I must've heard that word, or a euphemism like that a million times in the last 2 hours. The same vitamins I've taken for a million months, which he accuses me of not taking and not doing. 

"You're only 20, and I'm 60, so obviously I have much better life experience and know what you're feeling." 

"You don't need antidepressants. They're pointless."

After being up for days: "Look, why don't you just stay up all day and sleep tonight. It shouldn't be that hard. Just do it." Saying the same things for different days. 

And I'm sorry, and I know you love me, and I'm sorry. But try to listen to me for once.

Then I storm out of the room. Taking xanax I have, trying to fall aseleep. He wakes me up 30 minutes later to show me a video on all the healing power of the vitamins. And I can't think.

And then a bigger argument erupts. And now I feel so terrible and guilty and atrocious. I'm a failure as a son. I'm a fucking failure as a human being. I'm so sorry you had to read this shit. It's from an annoying life that was better off not there in the first place. 

I can't just let this hit me. I can't just let my voice go unheard. I feel like such a swiveling fucking mess of a person. 

I can't function on an everyday basis, and something is missing. I'm forever broken.