This will be my last day on this Earth.I'm 11, almost 12, and killing myself early tomorrow morning.
Here's my reasons as to why.

1. Nobody ever listens to me.
When I try to tell my parents how I'm feeling, they just brush it off like I'm any other teenage attention-seeking girl. I want them to understand. So badly, I just want them to understand and try to help me. But I don't think they want to understand. I think they don't care how I'm feeling. Because I've dealt with this depression for almost two years now and they still refuse to get me any help. They still refuse to listen to me when I tell them how much I hate myself and how much I only want help. My dad says I'm "not the emotional basket case [I] pretend to be." Whenever I hurt myself, he calls it "attention-seeking behavior." And my mom? My mom just thinks the only reason I'm depressed is because I have bad grades. Even though when my depression began I was still getting straight As. My grades only started worsening when I reached my low point, but she thinks I reached my low point because my grades started worsening. She'll never understand.

2. I hate myself too much.
It all started when that bitch, my ex-girlfriend, decided to use me. I gave her my trust, and she tore me apart. She made me blame all her problems on myself. She controlled me and manipulated me. She'd always tell me how awful I was, so sneakily, so subtly. I never noticed a thing because she always sugarcoated it with compliments. She made me think I was special to her. She made me think she loved me. And she made me think I loved her.
She made me leave the only person I've ever loved because she wanted to use me, and manipulate me, and tear me down. And she succeded. I was too kind, too naive. I cared about her happiness more than my own. And that just made things worse.
And when I realized how big of a mistake I had made - when she finally told that lie and ruined me - that's when I realized how awful I was. I hurt the person I was in love with in favor of a girl who never cared about me in the first place. I realized how selfish I was. The person I loved was right to call me a monster. That's all I was, and all I'd ever be. And to this day, the voices continue to repeat to me those same awful things my ex-girlfriend told me. That I'm awful. That I'm a piece of shit. That I should just die.

And finally,
3. Everyone would be better off without me.
Every person I'm friends with. Everyone who hates me. All of their lives became worse the moment I entered them. My entire life, I've been nothing but a burden towards the people I know. I have so many problems and so many issues. So many people care about me and stress about me and my well-being. They put their own problems aside in attempts to make me happy again. But if I had never entered their lives, then I would have never given them so many problems to deal with. They would have dealt with all their problems by now. Their lives would be objectively better if I were never in them. And the people who hate me? As someone who hates someone, hate is the most awful emotion you can feel. I don't want anyone to ever have to hate anyone. So if those people had never met me, they'd never have to feel hate. Real hate. And I wouldn't want them to have to feel hate, because I want their lives to be better. So by just existing, by just meeting people, I've made so many people's lives worse.

For those 3 reasons, I'm going to kill myself. This is my final day to live. This is my goodbye.