I beat my depression and suicidal thoughts after 12 years. And you can, too.This will be a long read, but hopefully it'll help someone who can relate.

When I was about 11, I started getting bullied in school. I usually had messy hair and I didn't dress the way everyone else did, plus I was nerdy, so they made fun of me relentlessly. They called me "cockroach," or simply "dirty." Looking back I really don't think I was all that bad-looking, but they needed someone to make fun of I guess. Any time they found out about something I liked, like Pokemon or Disney movies, they'd laugh and say that "that's for BABIES." I didn't have any friends anymore, and I started thinking about suicide. When I finally told my parents, they tried to get the school involved, but nothing happened. No one really helped. The school just told me to try to ignore them, or to make different friends. There were a few people that I had hung out with at school before, but one day they told me in front of a full cafeteria that they didn't like me anymore. It was crushing. No one wanted to be my friend because I was picked on so much, and they didn't want to be friends with an unpopular weird kid.

Every day for two years, I wanted to die. I wanted really to be set free from all this pain, but I also hated the thought of never seeing my family again. I felt a huge empty void develop inside me. Eventually, I convinced my parents to let me switch school districts because I couldn't take life there anymore. I transferred my last year of middle school. It was ... better, in that I wasn't being made fun of anymore. But I was still a weird kid, and while everyone else was celebrating spending three years together with their friends and the nearing of high school, I was just trying to make friends. It was crushingly lonely.

High school came, and I started to change. I started to get something of a fashion sense (relatively speaking), and found some nerdy people to be friends with who are still my best friends to this day. I was fitting in more, I was getting some confidence, and I was enjoying myself. But that void was always there. I always felt the depression at the back of my mind. I never got a date in high school, and so even though I had friends, there was still that loneliness. I missed a lot of school due to a medical condition mixed with my crushing depression making it hard to get out of bed. The days I did go to class, I was usually late. I could rarely get the energy or motivation to do homework, so my grades were fairly bad. I barely passed high school. It came down to one class, and I scraped by with a D.

I wasn't much better in the beginning years of college (by the way, when people say college is only four years ... well, your mileage will vary with that one). I went to a community college because I had no idea what to do with myself. A lot of my friends went to college out of town, so I felt lonely again, even though we still talked online and saw each other some weekends and holidays. Something changed though. I got a new treatment for my condition, and started feeling better. I got such bad grades that I was discharged from school for a semester, and when I came back I had a renewed resolve. I was getting A's and B's in my classes. It had been four years, but I was getting my associate's degree. I even met someone, someone who I eventually married. I was still a little depressed, but I was cautiously optimistic ...

And then my dad died. My mind went crashing down. I finished my associate's degree somewhat by the skin of my teeth (or however the saying goes). It was just so hard to focus on my school work. I wished the world could stop so I could have some time to think, but it just kept pressing on. My depression got worse than it ever had. I wondered what the meaning of life was if people I cared about were going to die. I started to seriously think that I should kill myself, so that I could escape from this life where I only ever felt pain, where every happy thought was shadowed by the thought that the people I care about will die and that nothing has meaning. I cried about every night because I felt so much despair.

Then I started a university. They had some psychologists and psychiatrists on staff. I met with a counselor for individual sessions, and I also did group therapy with peers. Neither did anything. My counselor said maybe I should try medication. I was very, very against the idea. I thought, if life's so good, why do I need a medication to enjoy it? Why can't I just like life the way it is without a pill? But my spouse was tired of seeing me cry every night, and I was, too. So I tried medication. 

**And it worked.**

Sometimes it can take a few different kinds of meds, or different strengths, but I was lucky enough to have it work on the first try. I don't feel that void anymore. I don't cry every night, although I can still feel sad when bad things happen. The medicine doesn't make me feel like a robot, or a freaky constant happiness like I thought it might. I realize now that even though I had some real problems, there wasn't anything particularly wrong with my life, I just had a chemical imbalance. I used to think the meds were admitting defeat, because I couldn't fix depression on my own. But again, it's a chemical imbalance. If you had a heart attack, would you go to a doctor, or would you feel like you should fix it yourself? It's no different when your brain isn't working right. **I'm not saying everyone should run out and get on drugs. I AM saying that there's some method that will work for you to help you get over your depression and your suicidal thoughts.** It might be meds, or it might be individual therapy, group therapy, changing jobs, getting negative people out of your life, making new friends, or even talking to people here on the internet. But I can guarantee something will help you if you keep looking for it. I used to think there was no help for me, but it turns out I just needed a different kind of help.

I'm not depressed anymore, and it feels wonderful to finally be enjoying my life after not knowing what enjoyment was for so long. There aren't those nagging thoughts in the back of my mind taking away from precious moments in my life. Why do I feel like living now? I won't say, because I remember what it was like to be depressed. Any reason someone gave for why life was worth living seemed unsatisfying, or superficial. What I WILL say is that you can get to the point I'm at. You can beat depression. And when you're there, you can decide for yourself why your life's worth living.