I can't even cryI really hope someone's reading all of this. English isn't my first language and I'm writing this on my phone.

I've never thought that I'd arrive at a point this low in my life. I'm male, 16 years young, have the feeling to be at the edge of dropping out of highschool and abused the love and trust of my parents to the point that I doubt I can regain it ever again. 

Let me tell you something about me:
My roots are from Syria, I've been there a couple of times, but I was born and am living in Austria right now. My parents try to carry on the arabic traditions from home and they also bring the mentality with it. Back when my parents decided to live out in Austria it was a dream come true. My dad had to do repeat his studied in electrical engineering in german and finally got his diploma. After some tough years my mother found a good paying job in the Austrian UNO. The first years were very rough (financially) for my parents. After some time the situation became stable and we moved to a much bigger appartement. My father never found a consistent job.
I have the most loving parents you could imagine. I'm spoiled, I have food,money,a room, my own pc, everything i could imagine. 

Now you know where I come from

I always was an avarage student, liked from both teacher and students, I've never had any problems, I have friends and I don't know anyone who really dislikes me in any way.
I'm good with computers and play sports regularly. 
The last weeks I got into partying with my friends, since I'm not allowed (by my religion) to drink and there never was any group pressure forcing me to drink or smoke. They offered me to drink/smoke with them, I refused  and they accepted and respected it without a problem. 

Nevertheless I'm quite introverted and think very often about various things. I think I'm a bit anxious but I wouldn't say I'm depressed. Like every other person I think about suicide as a topic, like just thinking about it, what would happen IF I wasn't here, how would things change etc. But I would never ever even think about commiting it. There is absolutely no reason to and I would pretty much miss quiet some things in the future. 
I am excited for the future, but I am incredibly scared.

I've been skipping school a few times,because it's boring as hell, my grades are getting worse and worse and teachers are starting calling my dad. I DON'T WANT to skip school, I HAVE NO IDEA why I'm doing it. My actions are absolutely irrational which is very uncommon for me. I'm shifting into depressed thoughts and how I am not capable of handling my life at all. I feel incredibly empty inside. I didn't write an assignement which was due to christmas because I was to lazy doing it. My geography teacher is ruining my chances of doing well at her subject in unethical ways were even the teachers. My parents are incredibly disappointed and I have broke their trust so many times by lying to them about my grades, because I exactly know where they are coming from and that they know that I know that I don't have any excuse not doing well in school.

My dad is getting old now amd he still hasn't found a job after 15 years as an ELECTRICAL ENGINEER he had to do his studies 2 times in Syria and in Austria and he is still not getting any job. He is too proud to work in a job which isn't in his field. My dad is incredibly depressed about this topic and all he does now is looking up to me and my brother, so that we do well in school and end up getting a job and taking care of him.

I don't know what the issue is with me, I can follow the teacher easily in class, but when it comes to studying, doing homework or sitting at an exam I totally fail. I'm planning on graduating next year so I really need to find a way to succeed and keep myself above the water. I'm failing at 3-4 subjects right now and I just really don't know what to do. I definitely  don't want to repeat the year nor I want to change school, it's just not an option for me and my parents have enough weigh to carry.

I am a manipulative asshole to my parents and I really dont want to be that kind of person. Everyone knows me as the smart nice lovely guy without problems and it really fucks me mentally up that i am not the person I want to be which everyone thinks I am.

My dad confronted me today after I skipped school because of this german assignement, I told him everything I just told you and how i can't handle stuff, it broke my fathers heart, he is thinking that I'm lying or he isn't sure and I just wanted to break down in tears. I couldn't. I didn't feeI/think anything. I have never been so sad like I was today, yet I can't cry. 
Something fucked me up.
I want to change.
I want my family to love and trust me like they used to.
I want to make my father proud.
I want to graduate.
I want to be happy again
Please help me.
