Back again... and running out of timeNights have always been the worst for me. Occasionally things will get bad during the day, but night is usually when it crops up.

I feel torn on being here tonight. I'm a fiercely independent person, and scrabbling around for bits of help from Internet strangers runs deeply counter to that. I feel like I'm wasting people's time, chewing up attention, being melodramatic... like there's other people out there who are in serious imminent danger of hurting themselves who deserve the help more than I do. I know I won't do anything tonight, except maybe tear up my wrists some more, but I'm not going to die yet... so why am I wasting space with this? I don't know.

Maybe it's just part of the disease, maybe it's just a side effect of the deepening blackness that has become my life, maybe I'm wrong. But if you have any question about whether to spend your concern on me or someone else, make it someone else. I think part of me just wants the attention.

For a number of reasons, I learned from a young age to be a very good actor. I can take on any number of different personae, become an outwardly totally different person at will. I abuse this skill constantly to keep people around me from knowing the truth of my situation. A few people know bits and pieces, but nobody knows the whole story - not my family, not my doctor, not my best friend.

I guess I feel like if anyone knew the truth, they wouldn't *want* to care. I feel like no matter what I do, nobody will want to be around the real me. So I lie. I'm a damned good liar. But that's just one more reason why I can't accept the idea that someone would be able to tolerate me - if people knew how much I distort the truth, how could they possibly put up with the strain of constantly wondering if I'm being honest?

I've *almost* resigned myself to the strong possibility that I will carry out the rest of my life alone, just as I am now. The problem is, I know I'm strong enough to survive it, and even be successful - so I can face that prospect and accept it, even thrive on it to some extent. But I desperately, secretly hope that isn't how it all goes down.

Anyways... if you bothered to read all of that little bitch-fest, I'm sorry for wasting your time.

I feel like a whore for even doing this.