Helping my fiancé battle suicide and depression while still staying strong myselfMy fiancé lives across the country from me right now while we are both finishing our schooling. I love this man and see so many brilliant, beautiful things in him, but he never does. He thinks himself a failure, even though his professors adore him and he has been given so many opportunities. Believe me when I say that he is going places... if he can be strong enough to get there.

He suffers from mental illness. He has had a few different diagnoses along the years, most commonly depression or bipolar disorder. I've had my struggles with similar issues, so even though I can't relate to every detail of what he is going through, I know what the process is generally like. I know that it isn't easy and that there is no miracle cure, but he has tried (and not found success with) doctors, drugs (the prescription kind), discussion with friends, and so forth. He's convinced that what didn't work in the past could not possibly work now, and he means that in broad strokes. Lithium and other drugs did not work, so he is not willing to try any others. He has had bad experiences with doctors and has a hard time trusting them, so he does not want to try to find another with the off-chance that the doctor will be exactly what he needs. I am here for him as best as I can be, but I am not a trained professional. He is deep enough that, in my heart of hearts, I believe that's the type of person he needs to see. Any time I have brought that up (even in question form), he gets upset. I worry that one day, I won't be able to talk him down, or worse, that my untrained support could actually be making things harder for him. I would do anything to help him, but I don't know what would be the best thing for me to do.

He hurts so deeply, and I feel it just as much. I cry so often these days, and I feel so helpless against the demons he is battling. They're big ones, too: he has attempted suicide in the past when he was a teen, then once again a few months ago (which he immediately regretted; he called me, crying hysterically, then he forced himself to expel the pills he took). He still has the plans of how he'd do it. There's another bottle of pills that I have begged him to destroy, but he has backups after that. From so far away, I don't know how to stop it. If I were to go to him, my schooling would have to stop, and between the loan repayment and finding a new job, a cross-country move like that wouldn't be wise or feasible. If I thought I could do it and still land with my head above my feet, I would do it.

There are ways to force him into getting help, but he would resent me for that and never come back to me, even though I only wanted good things for him. He knows the words to say and the actions to fake to get out of such a place as soon as possible; he is resistant to help. If I thought that he would suffer less after going through such a program, I would push for it; I'd want him to be healthy again, even if I couldn't have him in my life.

What do I do? I get so scared that I will lose him; that one day, anything I can say or do or wish wouldn't be enough. He wants to be here and to be with me, but it is only getting more difficult for him as his condition worsens. Truth be told, mine is too. I've been struggling with my own depression, and all the stress of this is likely to eat me alive at some point.

How do you help those that resist? How do you stop a car crash in progress? How do I stay strong in the face of this and not end up in the very same condition? I'm scared, and I don't know what to do.

(As an aside, I've read through the things posted on /r/SWResources, but I still don't know how to proceed).