Suicidal and trappedMy story I suppose, I'm feeling extremely suicidal right now so I'm going to type this out to distract myself and hopefully get some outsiders opinions. I am 15 and female

School was the thing that started all the problems, when I was really little probably only about 5, I used to runaway from school, I hated it, it terrified me and I couldn't bear to be away from home even for just an hour.

I think I settled down bit, but I remember when I was 8 I used to feel sick with depression whenever I went to school, my separation anxiety got worse.

When I moved to secondary school at 11 stuff got bad, I school refused and most people thought I was just badly behaved or lazy, I started seeing a counsellor but she was full of shit and didn't help at all, I was an extremely shy 11 year old and couldn't open up to her, when I was 12 I saw a psychiatrist and was prescribed prozac, I was only 12 for gods sake and already on the highest dosage of an anti depressant. I had friends at school, but I always felt on the outside, the psychiatrist I had was horrible and too expensive so I quit with her and started seeing the free therapy service, I think the self harm and suicidal thoughts started when I was 12.

I left school the next school year and got worse and worse, I was isolated, bored, academically behind, I'd spend all day in bed. 

The free therapy service was crap, but I kept going to the appointments, this was around the time I took two small overdoses, I don't know what I was trying to achieve, I guess a cry for help.

When I was 13 I went to a specialist school but only lasted there for a month, so the loneliness continued. I also came off prozac and changed to maximum dosage of citalopram

Last summer I hit rock bottom on a family holiday, when I got home I stopped eating and drinking and was so close to attempting suicide, it was all I could think about, I never had the guts to do it, and I know I can never go through with it because of my family.

Anyway my pulse was dangerously high so I started drinking water again but they sent me to an inpatient ward with other teenagers. My separation anxiety was through the roof the first week there and I was so distressed I was physically ill, I settled in eventually and got an Aspergers diagnosis, I was relieved and also mad as fuck that my parents had spent thousands of pounds on psychiatrists and I never got a diagnosis sooner. At the inpatient place I had friends and I went to school most days, I was a lot happier than I used to be, I also came out as bisexual which I had kept a secret for a while, in hindsight keeping that secret probably made me feel worse.

I was in hospital for 5 months, then I got discharged. Now here I am 3 months on, everything has gone to shit again, my sleeping pattern is awful, I'm basically nocturnal, I'm self harming again, I'm drinking too much alcohol, I rarely leave the house, I have no friends, I'm bored out of my skull.

Everybody around me is so frustrating. They keep telling me just to change something and get out of bed, they can't understand it isn't that easy, I don't expect them to understand but trying to explain how bad mental illnesses can be is exhausting.

I think I'm going to be readmitted back to hospital very soon, I don't know how to feel about that, I definitely have mixed opinions.

So thats where my life is right now, the boredom is killing me and I don't know what to do with my life, I'm stuck and don't see anyway of escaping the vicious cycles i'm in. Part of me wants to go to A&amp;E and stop fighting everything, get readmitted to the inpatient ward and be temporarily okay again, and part of me wants to stay out of hospital and have freedom and not be locked up, It probably isn't my choice.

Kind words would be appreciated, I'm tired of people not getting it 
 