Birthday soon to happen, thinking about it.So my birthday is about to happen. I hate every single birthday I have. Everytime I think about just ending it and if anyone would have truly ever cared.

Been kinda fucked by my family a bit. My mom could never keep a guy around and one of them had tough (retarded) love where he thought violence was the answer to fixing my bad grades or fights in school. Have a brother who pretty much was my bully all the way through my pre-teen/teenage years. Grew up as a massive introvert because of it and I really don't know how to keep/handle long term relationships without coming off as an asshole/dickhead. I don't try to be one, but just the way I am makes it seem like it (I always nitpick and argue everything).

My mom tried sexually abusing me when I was younger, my brother succeeded, and I was borderline sexually abused by my baby sitter as well as physically abused by another baby sitter (don't remember the violent one, but that's what I was told).

I tried killing myself before when I was younger, but I was pretty dumb and it didn't work.

I know the generic statement of how people have no friends and no one who cares about them, but I literally have no one that actually cares. I talk to no one because really it's just too hard for me to deal with people, and I can't deal with my family because of how they constantly try to act nice and do nice things to make themselves feel better. They don't really care about me, but more of themselves so that they don't feel like crap for all the stuff they did to me.

I'm extremely pretentious except that pretentious means attempting to constantly impress by ability one does not have. I have the abilities that I constantly low-key brag about. Typical high-achiever, high-IQ person (yes, I know having a high IQ doesn't actually mean anything if you don't apply yourself, I did through college though). High/Middle-school bored me, however, and I got terrible grades because I never did any of the work.

So, brings me to the main point. I kinda wanna just do it for multiple reasons.

1. I just feel like crap all the time and don't want to deal with people (which is just life in general)
2. I want to see what it feels like to put one in my head (maybe I'll survive, maybe I won't)
3. It seems that everyone I meet is either selfish, stupid, hypocritical, attention-whores, boring, self-righteous, or egotistical.
4. I'm gonna die anyways and the universe is going to end for eternity and that's the way it'll be, forever. (I'm not religious)
5. Last but not least, as a final attention getter that I existed. Even if for a second people would read about what I did and say "Hmm, well, sucks for that guy".

&amp;#x200B;

I'm really just curious if there are any other massive introverts that think about ending it because there isn't much to go on in further in life so they may as well try something they've never tried before.