My semi annual post here to ease my mind90% of the time I feel usually pretty empty. 
There's a bleakness to life but my mind doesn't wander to the place where I feel it necessary to post here. I haven't strengthened myself in this life. I've just wanted to escape. I haven't gotten close to anyone. I don't like myself at all but ourself is all we have. These thoughts are there that 90% of the time but they're muffled. Some reason or another those thoughts get crystal clear and glaringly obvious every once in a while. 

What a trap. What a prison. It seems most feel this way. Some life. I don't want to kill myself because what do you feel the odds are another life awaits you? No thanks. Don't care if I'm a billionaire. Or a king. A celebrity. Someone beautiful. A genius. Who cares. They even talk about their life struggles. Imagine hating your life so much that you're willing to take your life and immediately upon doing the deed you land yourself or your soul, whatever the hell, in another body several years off from a decent understanding as to just how shit life really is. 

Even the fact that you feel this way isn't really on the consequential side of life being a negative. My negativity is a net neutral in this life. I don't understand people who want to be here. I am going to die. Every part of my body that's working 24/7 to keep me alive will dissolve back into the fabric of the universe in one way or another. Hard to imagine my nausea generating machine of a stomach will ever stop. It seems unstoppable. But it will. I will be decimated in one way or another. And I'm supposed to find something to sustain myself in the meantime? Something meaningful? Oblivion staring us all down and I'm expected to give a shit about my resume. My achievements. My money. I'm supposed to find other people for fulfillment, but given enough time with them the resumes/careers and individual pursuits of your world start to look a whole lot more appealing. 

When I was a kid I would go lay down by the washing machine when it was running. It was consistently loud. The noisy hum drowned out everything around me. It was dark and loud. It was comforting. Idk what death brings. I can't imagine nothingness. That's what I want though.