(LONG) After 18 years, I think I finally snapped, and I want to disappear.(IF YOU DONT CARE ABOUT MY CRAPPY LIFE STORY, MY RANT IS RANT AT THE BOTTOM) Hello again Reddit. One of the many places that I've had some pretty bad experiences in. The past few years of my life have been so shitty, that I don't know where to start. I always thought that the darkest years of my life were from 2012 to 2015 specifically, but I recently began to realize that dark things never stopped happening. Before I rant, I must acknowledge that there are definitely a lot of other people out there who have had it way worse than me, so I don't mean to sound dramatic about this if I come off that way. I'll explain why I'm posting this to the suicide watch board instead of the usual depression board later, but at the same time, it might soon be obvious as to why. Finally, please have mercy on me. If I say anything that's considered wrong, I apologize, but at the same time, I'm in no need for more criticism. Not because I don't care, I'm just scared of becoming more hurt. 

I'll start with my earliest years. I was brought into this world on March 3rd, 2002. It must be worth pointing out that, at a very young age (a couple of years after my birth I believe), I was diagnosed with autism. I was always stacking stuff, putting toys in a row, all the typical autism stuff. Strangely, I even remember imagining certain letters of the alphabet to be associated with certain colors for some reason. A = red, D = green, etc. I also had (and hell, still have to this day), echolalia. Basically, that's when kids with autism repeat certain words or sentences. For me, I would always spew out random stuff from shows I'd watch when I was little, or later, quotes or lines from YouTube videos. Sometimes I'd even spew out my own sentences, or twist up existing ones from media. Finally, like most autistic kids would, I've had a plethora of tantrums. One time in preschool, I was crying like mad because the sweater that I was wearing was super itchy. This, my friends, brings me to my family. Specifically, my parents, and younger brother. Ever since I was first alive, my mom was always staying home to work, or do whatever, while my dad would only stay home on weekends and holidays. My brother and I would always be associated with each other because of some of our similar traits like hair color and such, and as of late, has become mostly reclusive in his room, playing online games with his group of friends.

Now, here's where some of my earliest problems start. Given my situation, I am disappointed that my mother wasn't as forgiving of my disorder as I would've hoped. Nowadays, things are fine between me and her for the most part, but I remember getting into really bad fights and arguments with her. Even at a young age, she would actually get mad at me for something I couldn't help. I can't tell if this was a dream or not, but I have this awful memory of me sitting by the stairs in my old house, and she was in the living room across from me, screaming my name and banging her feet like a deranged cartoon character. For what reason (if there was one), will always be a mystery for me.

Next up is my time at Pomperaug Elementary school. For the first three grades there, it was mostly normal besides this crabby old whore of a helper who looked like she always wanted to die. All four teachers I had there were absolutely great, and I've met some of the best kids ever at this place, most of which, I'm still friends with today. However, to this day, I view this as the beginning of my downfall. I was assigned with a helper who had to have been 6 ft. in height. I remember his name as "Mr. Skelly" if I spelled that correctly. It was kind of rocky to be around him, but the one moment that arguably changed my life for the worse happened in the cafeteria. 2012 in 4th grade, I was hitting him with my lunchbox having a fit, and then, he picked me up. He lifted me by the arm, leaving a bruise as he carried me out of there, as everyone else watched. Apparently, my mom was told about a completely untrue incident that supposedly happened at recess or something, but I thought I told her where it actually happened. She says that she would've stopped by the school with an officer, but guess what? Even though it should've happened, it didn't. All of the old teachers working there at the time had left, and as of now, Mr. Skelly's whereabouts are unknown. Oh, and did I mention that he was friends with another teacher there who was also really crabby, and had zero clue about how to handle kids like me? A few years back, my mom told me that all of that shit was wiped from my record. Thanks. Like that's gonna make me move on from the fact that I was abused. Later, it was time for me to transfer, meaning I had left all my old friends behind. Things were going to be more safer for me. Or so I thought.

5th and 6th grade were absolutely terrible years for me. I was attending this private school for only two years, but those two years felt incredibly long. It was small, cheap looking. The kids that were going there were not good people at all, except for a few others that were awesome. One of these kids would always tell me he hates me whenever he gets mad, and another thought it was funny to throw something at me for some reason, but thankfully, my teacher at that moment was on my side. Speaking of which, most of the teachers were fine as well, but a few absolutely sucked. It's even worse when you're stuck with them in the quiet rooms. Those rooms were the worst of the whole place. The quiets rooms on the bottom floor looked like prison cells. Cinderblock walls, and one even had a door with a tiny, plastic window for the staff to look at you like a science experiment. Also, during one PPT meeting, when I was bursting into tears, one staff who I used to be fine with started laughing. My family was not pleased to say the least. Finally, a few years back, I made a call to the place which is too cringeworthy to be worth bringing up, but I made no threats whatsoever. They shut the school down for the day, and tried to get me arrested. Later, I found out that this school didn't take in kids like me, but kids from drug abusive and alcohol abusive families.

Unsurprisingly, I was transferred again to another private school. Although not perfect, this was way better than the previous shithole. There's honestly not too much to talk about here, except for one thing. There were two staff that I absolutely loved. Mrs. Anastasia and Mrs. Stephanie as I called them. The first was into video games, a hobby that I've had for 8-ish years now. Both were absolutely sweet people. For a time. One day, they just left relatively close to each other. Little to no warning. Poof.

After my time at the second private school, I finally went back to public school for my high school years, at the same region as my elementary school. Even from the beginning, I've had my experiences from shitty kids, to shitty classes, and finally, being shy and quiet for all four years of it. Thankfully, I've had a better helper, and I reconnected with most of my old elementary school friends. One however went off the deep end and blocked me on social media like a pussy. However, the worst of my high school years happened during senior year. All of my senior friends had gone to college, and they, alongside my elementary pals, are some of the most wholesome people ever. During this time, I had used social media as a way to cope with my silent presence at school. Currently, I'm sitting on top of 2k followers, but I found it unfair that some of the people I was friends with at PES seemingly wanted nothing to do with me. Last summer, I met a girl on Instagram named Sage who goes to my school. Things were relatively normal, but one day, she told me about her supposed life story of being raped by 13 PEOPLE, and being kidnapped at the park by a guy in a hockey mask. Later, I found out from my real friends that she's bad news, so for a time, I stopped talking to her, but I was hurt. Finally, one night last November, I asked her why of all people, she'd go for me. Of course, she blames ME, and says that I need to seek help. Hypocritical, I know. That was the last straw for me. The next morning, I exposed her. I DM'd her calling her a liar and a coward. There's NO WAY that someone would be raped by 13 people without a SINGLE ONE OF THEM GETTING CAUGHT OR CHARGED AT THE VERY LEAST. Oh, and later I met ANOTHER GIRL from a different school who had a crush on me, but when I politely said that I think it's best that we stay friends, SHE STOPS BEING FRIENDS WITH ME. Finally, Sage's therapist tried scaring me with all this talk of police getting involved, and although I've been told by the assistant principal that this guy doesn't pick sides, that's a load of bullshit. He always thinks he's the smartest man in the room, and even my mom didn't like him. When I told everyone in a meeting about this, and how it's led me to consider going down a darker path, this therapist didn't say anything.

So, here I am now. Now you know why I want to disappear, and why I decided to post this here. I've been told to stop going over my rolodex of past experiences. That's like telling a soldier to stop suffering from PTSD. I've told my family that it's a dangerous mindset to just always assume that I'm fine. You may ask why I never tell them when I'm not, but I though it was obvious that something, fucking anything, was off about me. I've been watching gore videos in an attempt to feel more tough, and I've almost considered to start cutting. That hasn't happened yet. There's a bunch of stuff that I haven't mentioned, but you get the jest of most of my life. I wanna continue my hobby, but I feel like everyone's better off without me. Now that I'm an official adult, I don't even know if I wanna go back to being a kid or not, and isn't that kind of worse than wanting to, but not being able to? You're either always worrying about the future, or thinking about your troubled past. I don't even know if my mind is playing tricks on me, making me think I'm depressed even if I'm truly not. But I would NEVER fake ANYTHING on purpose, or for malicious intent. I know that someone's gonna laugh this off too, and think I'm faking everything I'm saying. But listen here, I've been in this terrible world since before YOU were even in it. Asshole. So there you go. My life story, and depressive rant. I wanna disappear, not be around my house, dress in shade all the time, and frankly, I can't help but feel like I snapped. If anyone cared about reading the whole thing, well... Thank you.