Coming into a suicidal subreddit to post another suicidal post that'll probably go mostly unnoticed.Sitting here at a ripe 22 years old, under a mountain of student loan debt, 1 year off of graduating with my degree, which I would've had by now if I simply just didn't give up. Failed one semester's worth of classes because I simply missed the deadline to withdraw, which caused me to get kicked out of my major(though I can retroactively withdraw, I just have to prove that not having the energy to perform basic tasks was a good enough reason to miss the deadline). Spent a bunch of my refund money on ways to cope rather than pay rent. 8 months behind on rent in a house I share with 5 close friends. Had my friends come to my house so I wouldn't have to leave. Literally didn't have the motivation to leave my front door for 2 months. School is demanding that I pay back a chunk of my student refund since I withdrew. Though I'm surrounded by friends, I feel disgustingly alone. Used to be religious, but I've lost that and there's no way I'm going to go back to it. Ghosted any girl with any sort of remotely romantic interest, because I have terrible trust issues and believe that I'm such a fuck up that there's no way I could be able to support them in any way whatsoever. I've fallen into a sense of passive nihilism: Everything I do isn't going to mean anything in the end, so why try? I've seen psychiatrists, psychologists, and therapists, but I haven't been able to dig up the motivation to go back. I've instead been extremely avoidant, occupying my time with every way I can think of to simply not think about the problems in my head. I've avoided friends and family in the hope that they wouldn't notice long enough for me to end it without guilt, and avoided all responsibilities in the hope that the pressure of them will be enough to push me to commit the final step. I've turned into somewhat of a sociopath to most people except close family, instead just communicating as a way to distract myself. I've written my suicide note, and planned my death in 100 different ways. I rather sure that I'm bipolar, possibly borderline(although I'll leave it to professionals to confirm it or not). My sleep patterns are absolutely fucked, and that certainly doesn't help, but I can't bring myself to sleep unless i drive myself to exhaustion. I was finally getting close, until my family caught on. I spilled everything to them and they're ever hopeful that we'll find a way to fix it, but now I've lost my way out. They have such a close eye, and really want me to come home, and I know that my death would absolutely ruin them. I could still go through with it, but I don't have any right to do that to them, even though I know in time I'll stop caring simply because: How can I care if I'm dead? I want to die, I've wanted to die for years. I'm just sitting in this limbo, this prison I've made for myself, and I don't have the energy to keep going with this charade that everything is okay. I don't have the energy or motivation to keep going. I'm just floating through life until it gives me what I want. The worst part is, I have this standard of how I want my life to go. It's not really high, but I feel like if I accept anything less, it wouldn't be a life worth living. I've spent so much time on self-reflection, and thought through every single way to adjust my mindset for the better, but I simply can't seem to adjust. So here I sit, 3 AM, in a proverbial torture chamber in my mind akin to the story of Tantalus, anything I would want, death or otherwise, just out of reach.

TL;DR: I'm falling apart, my life is falling apart, and I'm too fucked up in the head to make anything good out of it. I want to die, but I simply can't bring myself to just fucking get on with it.

Guess my impatience doesn't really help.