I don't care to live.I was raised by a monster. He killed himself and I never expected to live that long. I expected him to finally lose his sense of reality entirely and just kill us. Telling someone never occurred to me. I grew up being raised into some form of stockholm syndrome. Him threatening to kill us all (me, my mother, my sister, anyone blood related basically.) I don't know what comfortable is. I grew up in fear. I went to sleep every night with a knife in my hands. Expecting him to kick in the door and start screaming and beating on me. I should of called the cops. But fear left me paralyzed most of the time. After I graduated he shot himself. I felt nothing when I found the body. That was a year ago. Nothing's changed really. I'm still afraid all the time. I've spent my entire life being terrified. It's stuck on me. I grew up in what most people describe as a war zone. My kind mother fighting my father, a sick twisted psychopath who enjoyed making others feel less than human, and watching them suffer and humiliating them, screaming horrible things that never made sense. It was terrifying. He reduced us to less than human. The worst stories you've read about how cruel one person can be to another was everyday of my life. Like we we're his personal slaves. I don't recall much of what was said. It's just him screaming at the top of his lungs whatever sick thing he could think of. Incest. Rape. Racism. Murder. Screaming at my 4 yr old sister that she's a dirty fucking whore nigger. Whatever he could say to make you wish you were dead. There was no reason, if he got angry about anything suddenly we were his metaphorical punching bags. My mother doesn't understand how dead inside I am. For her that was a bad chapter in her life. Me? That's how I was raised. To feel nothing. To be empty. But fear or hate. I don't want to go on anymore. Even getting stoned doesn't help. I don't know what it is to feel anything else. I just want to stop. I've already lived through hell. I don't want to go on anymore. I don't want to make friends, get in shape and get a gf, give my life meaning or any of that crap. I just want to die. 