Losing the will to live. (Long post)Apologize for the long post...

Maybe it's because I spend too much time on this sub, or that I constantly focus on the negatives in life to just make myself more miserable, but it's getting to the point where I don't really see myself alive in the future. At first, these thoughts never bugged me like they do now. They would come and go, sure, but I never really thought much of them - I'd just shrug them off. However recently, they were getting much more frequent and vivid and I was scared about what I was feeling. I would stay up late reading about other people's stories and what they did to overcome their troubles, etc. But then I would focus on those that didn't and ended up taking their own lives. I thought a lot about what I would do - what method would I choose. Would I write a note? Would I try and get outside help since that's helped people?

My plan as of now is as follows:  I have a gun at home ready for me whenever I choose. I'm in college and several hours away from my family. I could easily come home one weekend, take the gun from the safe (I already have .357 bullets with me - took some last time I was holding the gun to my head) and drive back to school. No one would know anything until I would be gone. I live in the mountains, so there's a lot of wilderness outside of campus. I would drive to a secluded trail and step off-trail for a good while. Once I would be a good distance away so it would be a while until a search party would find my body (my hope is that animals would eat me before then so I can just disappear without a trace), I'd put on some music and blow my brains out. That would be it. Light's out.

*****

My plan has flaws and I have my entire life to think about what I should do. It's still crazy that I've spent this much time on all of this anyway. Since my thoughts of killing myself were getting more frequent, I decided to seek outside help by talking to the counselors at school. I attended group therapy for a semester and I don't really know if that helped all that much. It was nice to talk to other people about what was going on and ways to cope with all the negativity. However, in order for the therapy to be of any use, you have to be willing to put those tips into practice. This is where I am right now - I'm not putting anything into practice. Instead, I feel like I'm worse than ever. Every night I go to bed thinking about killing myself. And when you take a step back and analyze my life, there really should be a 0% chance for me to feel this way. For example. so many people on this sub have had awful, horrible lives - they all have a *reason* to die (if you think you need a reason to die). I hate myself that much more for wanting to throw myself away when I'm not even suffering. God what is wrong with me.

I also don't want to make my family upset. Ironic, because if I die, and they find out out that I did it to myself, I can't begin to imagine how they'd feel. Suicide is so damn selfish, but at the same time, who the fuck cares if I die? I don't owe my life to anyone. There's no law saying that I have to stay alive. People would just be sad, sure. Everyone would heal in time regardless of what happened. Besides, it would be better without me anyway. I'm a disease. You really think I'll ever account for anything? No of course not.

It's sad because I really hope to one day become a father and start a family. I want to grow old with someone I love. I'm going into nursing and I hope to work in the ER performing critical care, so I try and tell myself that helping people is my reason for living. Life inherently has no meaning; everything is pointless. In order to not go insane, you have to assign yourself a reason and a goal. Mine should be my career and living together with my family. It still *CAN* be. But that dream is fading away...