Don't know what to do about a user [17M] who is threatening suicide, UK basedHi everyone. I'd like some advice on a user I've been talking to on my other account who I think is at risk of suicide. We've been talking for about 2 weeks as I responded to his post on a mental health board about feeling useless/a bad person and wanting to end his life. I talked to him for a long time trying to unearth the reason why he feels this way and basically he had a bad physical illness and feels responsible for not being able to recover from it and like he's let his whole family down, is a waste and not as good as his brother etc. He says he only has 1 friend and everyone else at school hates him because all he does is "talk shit" and everyone gets tired of him in the end. He has an incredibly pessimistic outlook on life in general and despite saying he cares about others he doesn't seem particularly friendly or respectful of others. 

I've been trying my best to be supportive and helpful but he's shot down every one of my attempts at optimisms or trying to find out why he feels this way. He just says it's because he's a "c*nt" but doesn't want to do anything to change the way he is to other people or better his situation. He puts words in my mouth like "I'm just making you pissed off now, see this is proof I'm a shit person and should die". I've been trying really hard but I don't even want to talk to him anymore (but if I even say anything like this is difficult for me with him lashing out he'll use that as more reasons why he's a bad person/should kill himself).

I don't really know how to handle this anymore. He said a couple of days ago he's planning to kill himself this thursday but nothing I try and say makes any difference anymore. Or if it does, I don't feel it. I suffer from severe mental health issues myself and this isn't helping me. 

Am just wondering if there's a way I can contact reddit to get them to help him, or could I call up a UK-based number like the samaritans? I don't know his full name, his phone number or anything, just his username..
Or if anyone wants to try offering him personal support to take some of the load from me, you can PM?

If anyone has any suggestions and support that would be much appreciated..