Who else gets depressed when their alternate source of confidence is shattered? (x-post forever alone)sigh. I let out a sigh of relieve from both mental and physical exhaustion as I sat down on my chair. For the first time in a long time I told myself I am letting myself rest, from the job I walked out on, from the self-awareness of my ugliness that returned as soon as I quitted my job, I turn to the only comfort I know, the FAers on reddit who are all in the same shoe.

I am tired of being overshadowed by my cousin. I'm tired of being made fun of for my "Asia-face", I'm tired of the seeing "good looking Asian" who look caucasian who are treated so well relative to our treatments. I'm tired of the memories of those people like my cousin telling me how this is all just in my head while receiving praise, friendship and admiration from the same people who bullied me in school. I can't stop thinking about "what if I look like him" in everything I do, the other day I literally had this thought in my head while waiting in line to meet a disney princess that she probably wouldn't be freaked out if I looked like my cousin instead (good thing she was very professional and kind, thanks Elsa). I'm tired of directing my mind to a job that does not advance my skills that I thought could be my source of confidence.

I am so depressed even watching a simple show is unbearable, it's almost 99% of the entertainment out there are prejudice toward ugly people. Movies and shows portray their character plot lines as if "meeting a girl at a coffee shop" is something natural and normal, neglecting the impossibility of such scenarios for people like us. I can no longer relate to any media, entertainment, I am an Asian male so I do not deserve a happy ending , I am supposed to be that ugly creep who makes other people uncomfortable. I am not worth anything.

I have lived in the shadow of my cousin for my whole life, I have always been told that I'm smart. I got an engineering degree and a well-paid job and now I got into graduate school being one of the tops applicants. I have been told that I'm kind, I have a good heart blah blah blah, and I have told myself that I have everything it takes to help others, I have intelligence, kindness, and most importantly experience with misery and suffering which motivated me to help others at my job, with my salary and in my free time, but if I can choose , I would choose to be a selfish, stupid and good looking jerk.

But you know what is the worst nightmare for someone who defines himself with such a high standards of output? That's right, that he is actually incompetent, and he only did "well" at his job because his job requires little intellectual output, that if he was to die now he would have nothing to show for except for his misery. Everything he defines himself with is no more than a false sense of inflated ego to compensate for his ugliness.
"If you are already have nothing, what else do you have to lose?" "The hope that if you tried you can in fact be happy"

I let out another sigh of relief as I finish typing this lengthy post, contemplating if I should just rest forever in this chair, never to wake up ever again.