Worthless me againI'm starting to feel like shit again. It's almost funny how they only last for just a couple days, these comfortable periods of inner peace. I remember now that life really is not worth living. I mean what's the point really? What's the point when you live a life of loneliness, hatred, shame, guilt, stress, while people shit on you for not living up to their expectations and being yourself (terrible mistake), while also being the laughing stock of society (out of several reasons). It doesn't get better. It will never get better unless you're willing to make a fucking change, which is not only a hard thing to do, but also impossible to achieve since I have 0 motivation to continue living in this world. Let's not say anymore pleasant lies and admit that such a person is no longer truly human, it's a disgusting, hopeless, toxic, unworthy abomination.

 IT FUCKING HURTS AND I'M TIRED.

I'm tired of feeling like shit all the time, i'm tired of being alone, i'm tired of not having a purpose or at a talent that would help me have a decent life, i'm tired of being inferior to literally EVERYONE I see, I'm tired of stupid assed college, of my asshole mother that doesn't even try to understand me and manipulates me like a stupid animal, tired of people looking at me like i'm a fucking ghost, i'm tired of seeing all my crushes everyday and knowing deep inside that i'll never be good enough for them.

It burns me from the inside all the time, but it's even more painful when i hear people talking about "dreams"...

"What are your dreams, your goals in life?"

Well since my dreams are too fucking simple and apparently, too boring for this world, I have only one option left. This is my dream: to get up on high fucking building, to make thousands of cuts all over my ugly ass body and jump off, so hopefully when i hit the ground i'll be too messed up for my heart to continue beating.

Sorry for writing this boring mess of a post, but today everything went crashing down on me, and I couldn't stand it anymore. Sorry for being a bitch and for my poor English, it's not my first language and i'm too fuckin lazy to learn it properly. Good luck to you all.