I feel stupid because a heartbreak started thisThroughout my life, I was never really happy, just okay and fine with that, occasionally suicidal at hard times but never serious about it. Until June last year when I found him. I experienced the highest of highs with him.

In February I was dumped by the only person I've ever truly loved, more than anything. I spiralled downwards from there, being severely suicidal at the start of lockdown, but kind of eventually started to feel better and a bit hopeful.

In June we reconciled, and I was so happy again. But at the start of July, he dumped me again, this time for good, and cut me out of his life entirely. 

I decided to try the single life and see if that could be good for me, but I discovered some awful things on a sub for single men, and I started getting resentful towards men. I joined a dating site especially to break down egotistical guys through rejecting them. 

I saw more and more awful things in people, in the world, in life, as I did all of this. I began to hate more than just men, I began to hate the world and being in it. It's a terrible and dark place to be in. But through this, I had 4 internet friends (real life friends all abandoned me when I started getting depressed) that I thought I could count on, 2 of them guys. 

In the last week, I lost both of those guy friends, one because he wanted to focus on himself, and the other because he doesn't like who I've become. And this really hit me hard, I have 2 friends left. And I feel like just isolating myself from everyone because they're all going to abandon me in the same way.

Added to that, I'm losing my childhood home this week, the place I grew up in an found comfort in, and it just hurts so much. I don't want to leave, but I have to.

I've sort of become a bit of a drug addict as I now tend to use prescription medications to numb out the pain I feel, and that's the only time I feel relatively normal, but I know I'm doing long term damage to my body. And the one thing I never thought I'd be is a drug addict, yet here I am, a drug addict.

My career dream is also impossible to reach because of not having money to and because of my deteriorating health. I experienced fluoroquinolone toxicity which caused heart problems that could make me fail a medical. And if I don't get this career path, I don't have a passion for anything else and I feel so purposeless. 

Starting on September 23, is every romantic anniversary with my ex. And it already hurts so much to go through friendship anniversaries, so I know these are going to be worse. He was my hope and my happiness, I loved him with all of my heart, now I have to go through these dates alone, missing him and the times we had together last year, wondering what could've been if he stayed. And so many songs remind me of specific memories of him, that it's difficult to escape, and I love music.

A lot of the time I wish I'd never met him. I wouldn't have known the happiness that I felt with him, and I wouldn't know the horrible things I've seen as a result of losing him.

I've been in therapy since March and it's made absolutely no difference to my state of mind at all, I'm still actually deteriorating. So that's a lost cause for me.

A lot of other bad things and losses happened to me this year, but at this time they're minor ones compared to what I've mentioned here.

I feel so afraid, alone, in pain, and like everything I dare to care about abandons me.

I don't see a future for myself in the world that I've seen and experienced. It's awful and I've been so disillusioned. I have no hope left. I wish I still had that innocence that I did during my school years, but it's all gone and I've experienced adult life, it's horrible.

I planned my suicide for my last night in my childhood home, this weekend. I'll ask to stay here alone for just one more night, overdose on a combo of benzos and opiates and sit in the bath, hopefully passing out and drowning, but maybe also dying of respiratory depression. I want to die in the place I grew up. End it all where it started.

I don't really want to be convinced out of it by saying that people care, random people on the internet don't know me and won't feel the loss. I have 2 internet friends left who'll probably leave anyway, so they won't feel it either. I think only my family would feel it, but they'd survive because we aren't that close anyway. 

I just wanted to put this on here, get my feelings out somehow, somewhere that people can see it but not overreact, where they'd understand where I'm coming from.