I'm really just complaining.I don't know anymore. I don't think I can keep going if I keep all my thoughts a secret anymore. And it's not like you can talk to someone about it, or else it'll promote some emotional ass reaction, and it's really not fair to do that to loved ones. Then, it turns in a bigger mess than it's worth, and I'm not in danger, I just got a lot of shit on my mind. Well, I don't really know what I'm getting at anymore.

I feel like I'm on my last leg. I'm bipolar, I haven't had any medication since, like March. I made an appointment with a psyche, for the 17th. Of course I made this appointment over a month ago. I fucking hate how difficult it is to see a doctor. I spent over 5 hours, looking over the list provided by the insurance, for this doctor, who has an overwhelming number of bad reviews. I don't think I can make it another two weeks, for medication that might help after a few weeks.

All I can think about is killing myself, I want to hang myself, I want to shot myself. I hate going in the car, cause all I can think about is how to kill myself in it, without taking anyone else out with me. I toss and turn thinking about killing myself, then when I do sleep I dream about that shit. I can't enjoy anything anymore nor can I concentrate. I cannot find any interest in tv or movies to distract myself with.

I'm suppose to be studying for the cbest test, but suicide is becoming so overwhelming for me that I cannot get that done. I've gotten to the point where I'm just too depressed to think about stupid ass logic math problems, stuff that's easy for me is now too fucking hard. I just want to go off and kill myself and fuck that test. I really don't care about my future anymore, I rather be gone and dead.

My neighbor has this fat ass dalmatian I walk cause he, the owner, has a knee problem and he can hardly walk himself. I've been walking this dog for a little over 5 years too, for spending cash. All this dog does is shit everywhere, and it's usually diarrhea. I want to kick him so badly, just seeing him makes me so fucking angry. I hate his owner too, all he does is drink, and he wants to bitch about his boss and conspiracy theories. It should be more than enough I walk his shitty dog, I don't want to listen to him whine too. I'm only like this because I am so fucking depressed. This situation would be fine if I wasn't. 

All I want to do is comfort eat a ridiculous amont of food, from the moment I get up, so I do. Of course this doesn't make me happy. So I decide to drink all night too, which makes me sick, but I still feel like a depressed fuck. But I can't stop myself, so I just do it the next day, then the next day. I know it's bad, but for some reason I have this idea that those things will make me feel better. I used to run every night, but I can't even go through a lap without feeling winded, it's so embarrassing. 

I have no friends, all my self esteem is out the window, I don't really give a fuck either because rather than fixing these problems I want to just kill myself. I wish I was on my very last day.

But I have a great family, and I couldn't hurt them like that, especially when they'd do anything to help me. So, now I am stuck here.  