Just complaining (This is a long post)So I googled "Imagining suicide" and found this reddit post. I have never been on here much, so I never had an account here. I just made one to post this.

I was reading many of the posts here. I can relate to many of them. Off and on I tend to imagine jumping off a bridge nearby, and then think about how if I land a certain way it wouldn't kill me, just make me a mangled mess.

I think about doing drugs sometimes (I have never ever touched them), but then think that is the dumbest thing to do, and I would rather get completely drunk than do that, which then I imagine just getting so drunk that I don't remember the time that passes.

It's that feeling of wanting to be non-existent. Just for a while. I have a long read for you as to what contributes to my suicidal thinking.

I have quite the past. Molested as a young girl until 13, then I told my dad to stop it when he was feeling me up at the table when I was doing homework. That image is still stuck in my head today, although I am over that, it's just a memory that is fucked up.

Health problems. I have my whole transcript from the hospitals. What started out as excruciating pain in my groin, which happened twice, two years apart, resulted in finding out I have lymphangioleiomyomatosis, or LAM for short (info here: http://www.thelamfoundation.org/what-is-lam).

I believe it was March 2013 that I was diagnosed with that, although this disease did not affect me the typical way it does. That changed last year in May. It was hard for me to breathe one night, and the day after I went to the ER. Come to find out I had fluid in my chest. 1 liter. I had a thoracentesis done, where they stick a needle in the back (for me anyways) and drain it out. Not the most pleasant feeling when it gets to the tail end. This happened to me again in October, November, and then in December, that's when things got crappy.

December 18th, I get that terrible pain in my groin. This pain is so bad I just want to die. I end up in the ER, get transferred to ICU, and while I am in there, I find out that my lymphatic system has just been dispensing fluid at a constant rate to where I had to have tubes to drain it.

I was like this for a few days, eventually wound up out of ICU to a normal room in the hospital, still tubed up. December 31st I was transferred to Swedish Medical in Seattle. There I was to undergo a surgery, however the preliminary procedure that was going to be done, failed because of a tissue growth blocking an area. So for weeks, I had waited, and then they decided to perform a surgery to tie the leak. Oh which by the way, I was cut off from food and liquid for about 3 weeks. Only nutrients through IV. The surgery was not a 100% fix either, so I started a medication.

Anyways, eventually I wound up without tubes, went on a medication to keep the fluid at bay, which I have to take for the rest of my life, as well as this FUCKING 20 gram fat daily diet, which means I have to avoid so many foods, sometimes I feel like I am going crazy. I have to stay away from beef, pork, lamb, venison. Pretty much the only meat I can have is chicken.
I have to stay away from all nuts, seeds, avocados, butter, oils (except for medium chain triglyceride oil) regular milk, cheese(unless it's VERY low in fat, which is rare). No chocolate. EVER....AGAIN...I feel for those people who are allergic to chocolate. That's got to be the most fucked up thing ever.

Anyways, now after typing all of that, I feel like I'm being so bitchy, but what I have gone through, it was hell. Sometimes I remember the moments they came in to pull the tubes out, or when they were going to move a tube, or add a new one.

I'm in debt from school too. I'm finishing up what I started online, which means even more debt, but it was to hold off the loan fuckers from want money that I don't have.

I mean, there's just so much bitching and complaining that I have that I could just go on. Last thing that upsets me is when I was trying to hang out with someone, but they would never reply back to me. You try to make friends, but then they just don't even want to reply. Well fuck you to.

I'm just fucking sick of the world some days, I just want to lock myself in my room and rot and die.

Excuse my language, but if I was talking face-to-face with someone, I would say exactly what I have typed.

Again, I'm not going to do any self-harm, but I tend to just imaging those things. Two things stop me from doing those dumb actions: my boyfriend (of 6-7 years, of course with rocky times. Don't get me started on that), and my family.

meh meh meh