My Life Has Become Throughly UnmanageableMy life has become out of control. Im juggling so many batshit crazy situations, I'm amazed I've made it this far. I don't want to get into it, I doubt many people would believe half of it. But I feel like a spy, when they have all these Outlandish deceptions and plays, hustles, lies and other problems, some planned, some not, all going on at once, and you're watching the movie knowing everything is about to blow up in the spy's face all at once. Well that's exactly how I feel. I don't know I got into this mess, or why I put myself in all these complicated situations, and allow problems, lies, and deceptions to go on and fester, but I do. And it's going to blow up in my face sooner or later. 

At this point, I realize I'm just a fuck up. I ruin everything and everyone i touch. I don't want to keep doing this. I'm tired of messing things up every time things start going well. Maybe I'm just not meant to be happy, not meant to do anything great. Maybe fucking up is the best I can do. 

I have no fear of death whatsoever. I drive at over 100mph even when it's snowing and I'm just going to the store quick. I hope every day as I'm flying down the road, that hit a patch of black ice and wreck. I've been driving like this for four months, waiting for the moment to come. But because I'm not worried, not afraid, I also never make a mistake. Sure, the car slid a few times, or I took a corner doing over a hundred, but because I'm not afraid, I never lose control. But I want to lose control, I just don't want it to be on purpose. I don't want it to be obvious I did it on purpose. I don't want anyone to blame themselves, I just want to harmlessly stop bothering the people I love. I don't want to be their failure anymore.  

I'm ready to die. Now it's just a matter of when. When will I take a corner too sharp, at too high a speed? When will a patch of ice fling the car into the woods to explode against a tree? When will I finally leave all these good people alone so they get on with their lives? I don't deserve the few people that have stuck by me. Or rather, they don't deserve to have a shitty friend or nephew like me. I'm always the problem and always have been. I shouldn't have ever been born. I'm the worst person I know.