i wish I were deadi can’t fucking sleep and i know I’m just yelling this into the sea of other people that feel similarly to myself but man I wish I were dead. waking up every day and looking into the fucking mirror brings me dread. the only thing keeping me here is my fear of what comes after death and my animals. i have good friends but I feel like they all hate me because I’m just pathetic. i don’t even know why I’m writing this. im just so tired, i want to kill myself so fucking bad but I can’t because I’m a fucking loser. i broke my streak of not self harming for like 3 years a couple days ago and looking at the cuts on my wrist and forearm makes me feel so fucking stupid and worthless. i don’t know why I do it. i bleed and cry and nobody cares. i feel like I’m stuck between a rock and a hard place because my mind is a mental fucking prison. one day I’ll die due to natural causes or I’ll die because I fucking killed myself and it’s so depressing. i don’t know what is worse, the people I know celebrating my life without knowing the whole story or pitying me for taking my own life. life isn’t enjoyable and it hasn’t been for so many years. im tired. tired of pretending everything is ok. tired of pretending that life is worth living. seeing yourself slowly lose interest in the stuff you used to love doing is just so fucking sad. waking up in the morning after not being to sleep for days on end is so exhausting. pulling myself out of bed is so tiring. the thought of having to go get another job after being quarantined makes me so stressed my head feels like just a jumbled mess of fucking thoughts I can’t control. i don’t want to fucking work my life away and die but idk what I’d rather fucking do. id rather just throw in the towel now and say forget it and kill myself. it just isn’t worth it. I’m so fucking tired and mentally drained. i feel so selfish too seeing people going through worse things than me. my life is fine. i just hate myself and living. i don’t care about the future. I’m tired of caring. tired of living. idk.