I don't even know anymore, my head is about to explodeI don't know where to begin. When someone asks why I'm feeling so bad, I just say "Yes".

I'm 22 years old and everything I have ever experienced or done, in regards to everything, has gone wrong. Not a single thing has gone well. Not the things I can change (like finding friends, getting a girlfriend, making money), not the things I cannot change (my overall health, how my family has shaped).

I feel and see that anything I do is absolutely pointless, there are no results anywhere to be found. And I can cope with myself, I am just fine, I don't even care that I am miserable, poor, have no friends, nobody will ever love me and I will die alone, as long as I don't get reminded.

What do I mean by that? Getting reminded? When I speak to people and they are overly happy, it makes me want to puke. When I see a happy couple together, my blood pressure shoots up and I get really angry. And I feel like everyone is going out of their way just to piss me off/show me what they have and I don't.

I feel, tss, feel, I KNOW, that nobody in the real world gives a flying donkey about me. Sometimes, when I start thinking about it for a while, I realize just how screwed my life is, and that I probably should have killed myself years ago, and that people who were like me are probably already dead. Nothing makes me happy anymore.

I'm not even crying, I just feel like my cheeks are full of tears and are just dragging my face down. And that this place in my chest, where the heart and soul are supposed to be, I feel like there's nothing left. And I feel this hatred and anger towards everyone and everything, that travels through my nerve system, and I can feel the heat in my head, and the cold goosebumps on my back.

&amp;#x200B;

I just want the pain to stop, I want to enjoy peace for a while, and I'm seriously starting to think that this is the end for me, that this is the only way to achieve it. I have no commitments, nothing to lose and nothing to live for/look forward to, I don't think it will even be that hard, for me to go, and for people to get over it. I'm just a soulless shell with no purpose or reason to live and whatever is on the other side, it surely cannot be as bad as I am right now.