28 – Unemployed, No Career, No Skills – Lost All My Friends and No Purpose to LivingYears ago, when I was 17 or 18, I was a bright and motivated student. I wanted to become a medical doctor, but extreme social isolation, and a rigorous college overwhelmed me. I grew up with no real friends or culture; as a Pakistani-American living in the middle of nowhere, I never learned Pakistani culture or the language that well, nor was I ever able to integrate into American culture. Consequently, I never was able to really develop socially.

In college, I made the fatal flaw of isolating myself, over my religious beliefs (at that time, and now Agnostic/Atheist), no drinking, no sex, etc. I also further isolated myself become I was a pre-med and I needed to do well to get into medical school.

First 2 years I did well, and I had a 3.8+ GPA. But I fell into a deep depression my third and fourth year due to feelings of inferiority, little friends/emptiness, and my first (and ever only) girlfriend breaking up with me. With no motivation, no purpose, etc. and my GPA fell to a 3.26. I never had academic difficulties, but simply because I was so miserable, I never finished my coursework in my last semester of college and received a slew of Cs and an E in a 100 level English course. I just wanted it to be over so I could go home and get away from it all. 

Before college, I was in the top 10 of students, top SAT scores, AP scores, etc. But due to financial reasons, I could not go to ivy or private, and so I chose to go to a school no one has ever heard which destroyed my chances for any real program.

So after 22, I diligently and slowly took courses at another college. Starting from scratch, working odd jobs here and there, going through long periods of extreme isolation living at home, etc.

My plan was to go to medical school by 25 – 26, but I didn't get in because of my GPA even after getting straight As in 21 credits in a semester in upper level coursework semester after semester with a postbacc of 3.8 GPA overall. 

So I returned to work doing menial work, am now 28, and finishing my 2nd degree. I sit in a clasroom with kids much younger than myself, and all my friends, who I no longer speak to out of shame, envy, and embarassment are now doctors, professionals, and starting families. 

I don't even know if I can enter medical school, but I will be 30 when I do so. 8 years after all my friends did. It doesn't matter what I do. If I get in, I have already failed, if I don't well that's already happened.

What depresses me the most is that people who who no more hard working or intelligent got ahead of me.Through strong financial backing from their families they were able to get a 2nd chance. I did things the slow way, the cheap way, and all it has done was lose me years of opportunity, money, and unnecessary delays. More and more useless courses all because I have no other skills, no other talents, and all I'm good for is being a menial lab grunt. 

I am a failure, and miserable. I can never show my face again to anyone I formerly knew nor do I want to. Everyday I resent living. I am trapped, and there is no way out. Not ever for a long time barring me becoming successful some other way.

I do everything I should do. I lift, eat well, dress well, etc. and it doesn't matter. I deleted Facebook. Everything I do doesn't matter because I always fall flat on my face. I am Asian, and male, and that makes my social value even lower. For medical schools, I am not good enough because I am not the "right" minority (black, hispanic), nor a woman. I applied to medical schools with higher GPA and MCAT scores than family friends, only to get rejected, whereas they did (and I can talk well – nothing wrong with interviews). 

I've lost so many years to this pointless endeavor. 

I'm tired, and don't care anymore. I live in a mental prison, and there's no real way out. I meditate, I've positive about everything, but life is just simply unfair, and cruel in so many ways, and I think all the time that the universe would be better if nothing ever existed. Emptiness, and nothingness are comforting thoughts to me – that there can be no pain or suffering when it's all over. 

