Need to vent/share your music playlists?Feeling pretty pathetic today and questioning why I even bother to continue. Actively seeing a counsellor and trying to help myself but, welp, seems I'm failing at that too. Just want to curl up in a ball right now and not face the world ever again. *Not actively planning suicide atm; I fall under the category of "If-I-was-diagnosed-with-a-terminal-illness-I'd-be-incredibly-relieved".* Mainly I'm trying really hard to not cut or hurt myself today.

Sooo... my story is: dad died when I was young, was raped by my older brother, mum went through a succession of terrible life choices (domestic violence/sex worker/money troubles). Growing up I felt utterly powerless and I don't think I've ever been able to shed that.

I'm nearly thirty now and I managed to carve out something resembling a normal life... stable job, house owner, 'loving' partner. I was getting by okay, still had issues with myself but ploughed through anyway.

A few weeks ago, I discovered that my partner of 5+ years had been unfaithful via a BDSM relationship (submissive slave) for almost two years into our relationship. We're trying to salvage the relationship but it has triggered so, so much for me. Those feelings of worthlessness I'd kept locked away? They're back to say hello. Oh, and how fun it is to be totally paranoid and to not trust a soul! This shit's exhausting, isn't it? 

**Should say at this point that I do not want anyone to 'justify' (wrong word but brain is mush right now) the BDSM aspect of it**, honestly feel as if my feelings are being invalidated enough ta. It's like because it's a fetish I'm supposed to accept it, nevermind all the secrecy, deception and sexual acts. It's not what I signed up for and, to be honest, it's a massive turn-off knowing he's into that stuff. Even the terminology ("play", "submit", "scene" etc.") makes me ill- my brain instantly links it to the abuse I went through as a kid. *"We're just gonna play a game. Don't tell anyone".* I'm trying to overcome this but I really don't know if I'm strong enough. 

It just sucks so much that I got to the point where I could relax a little bit, that I could actually trust somebody wholeheartedly and... nope, he's just another selfish human being, not the person I thought at all. 

At this stage I truly believe there must be something fundamentally wrong with me, why else do people continually treat me like garbage? Am I just that worthless? I feel so stupid for thinking that there might be a place for me. I find myself really resenting the human race as a whole, bunch of selfish cunts... and I'm no exception of course. Bleh. I've really struggled to avoid hurting myself today, I just have this overwhelming sense that I deserve it.

TL;DR: I feel fucking awful, fed up of having to coexist with fellow humans. Someone whip up a parallel land where only animals roam please, and I'd happily shuffle off.


Music I wanna hear: happy/sad, any genre, easily accessible (Youtube), decent lyrics. Stuff that makes you smile through the tears, or the melodies that hurt your heart. Some of mine, they mainly fall under the umbrella of alternative I guess:

Price to Play - Staind. It's bitter and angry, great vent music.

Eminem - Spend Some Time. Has a few relatable lyrics ("yeah, yeah, now how many times have I heard that shit?").

Luna's Theme - FF15 OST. This my go-to "I need to sob my goddamn heart out" music. 

Back From Hell - Dan Le Sac vs. Scroobius Pip. Gives me hope, Scroobius is a legend at spoken word.

To My Surprise - The World's Too Small. YES THIS IS HOW I FEEL! It's nice to daydream about just taking off and no longer giving a shiny shit.