This is a post I tried to make an r/amitheasshole but it didn't work out if this doesn't belong here I will delete it no problems. Not a judging sub so I guess I'm not really asking for that anymore. To start this post I want to say this is a throwaway account. If anyone I know got a hold of this post I feel like my life would be ruined. Or maybe it wouldn't, I don't know and that's why I'm here. Everyone in my life is calling me the asshole. I tell everyone I was the asshole to avoid confrontation but I still feel I stuck to my values and they might also be assholes. Before reading this I must warn you some might find it pretty heavy so discretion is advised. I just still can't believe this all happened. I'm having a hard time writing this because my hands are shaking really bad but I'll try my best. This all started about 4 months ago when the mother of an old friend came over to the house to hang out with my mom. This friend I've known all my 14 years of life but we hung out a lot when we were really little, but they moved about 20 minutes away so we would only see each other like every 6 months or so. This is mostly because our parents are friends and would bring her and her sister over. I have some siblings so we were just weak friends. She was just a childhood friend I rarely see. The thing is she wasn't always female, she transitioned when she was about 11. She was struggling with bullys and other struggles which I'm sure a lot of transgenders are familiar with. This put her in a pretty deep depression and everyone knew it. When her mother came to our house I had just recently seen my friend and I found it odd her mom came to catch up with my mom only weeks after they had dinner and everyone had already caught up. I figured out why she was there when my mom and her mom came down to my room. Basically they started casually talking to me about how much her daughter liked me. How she is really depressed and I could change it all around. They didn't give me time to talk and for some reason they couldn't tell by my expression I was flattered but really just not interested. When they were done the mom asked what did I think and if I'm interested. I said I'm not, she's not my type, I'm not interested in anything, etc, etc. The mom suddenly got really defensive and said well you only have to do it for a few months, she's way out of your league anyway. I stand my ground and feel bad, but I wasn't going to do it. This really made her mad and she started calling me selfish and how I refuse to help a depressed girl. I look to my mom for help but she's just sitting there giving me a stern look with no sympathy in her eyes. The mom starts literally screaming about how I'm transphobic and calling me names. I stay quiet and continue to hold my ground. She and my mom start to leave when she screams "I'M GOING TO TELL MY DAUGHTER YOU HAVE THE SAME FEELINGS AND THAT SHE SHOULD ASK YOU OUT AND IF YOU DON'T SAY YES YOUR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SADNESS!". She walks out of my room slamming the door behind her. I was in complete shock this was only things you read on entitled parents but those are way more lighthearted. This mom was willing to risk her daughters life over me caving in and dating her. Eventually the calls came and at first I didn't know what to do and ghosted her. I knew the longer I did this the more the let down would hurt. After about 3 days and like 6 missed calls I called her. I made the letdown SO gentle. Everything in the book. I made sure to be gentle but firm so she wouldn't be in the friendzone 100% but I still felt SUPER shitty. And angry, how could her mom do that to her? With a quivering "ok, bye" she hung up the call. She never said anything during it, or after it. The next day I hear the door open and her mom come in. I did something I never thought I would do I jumped right out of my window. I sprinted to my friends house but left no trace I left out my window. My plan was pretend I had already left for my friends house because my mom had just got home from some yoga thing and so I knew she couldn't really know I was home. When I got to my friends house he was luckily there and I told him the whole situation while we played on his Xbox. He thought it was a little immature for me to just run which looking back on it I agree now and did then. But the fear just took over me and I did what I did. My mom texted me and I said I was at my friends house. She said I needed to come home right away. I couldn't think of an excuse so I just kinda said okay. I did not plan on going home so we just continued playing and my excuse would be I forgot and had my phone muted. Shitty plan but look I'm not a very creative person. My plan was shut down when after 3 missed calls and countless texts, my mom actually came to my friend's house. I don't think I had ever been more nervous. I came out to the car and in the 15 second ride I tried to convince my mom to have any empathy for situation. I knew my excuse was shit and told her everything. My mom usually is very sensible so this is when I first started doubting I was in the right. We got home and I was immediately screamed at by the mom. 20 Minutes of screaming but I could handle it. It was basically inaudible anyway. Then I never heard about except by my mother who occasionally brought it up and cold sided me. Then about 1 months ago we learned my friend had ended her life. Shock. Complete shock. I couldn't move. I couldn't see. I couldn't hear. But I could feel. I felt responsible. 8 straight days of isolation in my room. no friends, no communication. I ate the bare minimum to stay alive. Then her mom came. I didn't move I just stayed in my chair watching youtube pretending reality wasn't reality. Do you know what's it's like being yelled at for an hour about being a murder. Crying while holding a straight face. Being told you were solely responsible for someones suicide. Looking into the eyes of a grieving mother who blames you for her child's death. I hope you never know what that's like because I always will. That's something I know will haunt me for all my life. Everyone in my family was invited to the funeral except me. Everyone is calling me in some way responsible. I feel like I just shut down. I just was, done. I personally went into less of a depression and more of a fucking coma. Everything in my life was a blur. If I only dated her for a few months, this would all be different. I've decided to post this because I'm better and I have so many conflicting feelings. I have seriously been considering some self harm maybe even suicide but I'm trying to stay strong because I know that won't change anything that's happened.