why I want to not be here anymorethis probably isn’t the right place and I’m probably going to talk more then I should. I don’t really want to post this but there is a small part of me that I feel is making me post it.

I want to die and here is my story.

let’s start at the very start. or as far as I remember.

I was 3, my parents got married. One year later my mother started stealing from her work. She was fired. She found many more jobs where she continued to steal from. Until one job didn’t just fire her. I was at home with mum. Being like 4/5 years old and I hear a knock on the door. I open it even though she tells me not to. 3 men storm through the door one pins me down. While the other two beat and then rape my mum in front of me. This happens other 2 times, with week spaces. Mum makes me keep quite and not tell dad. Then she starts getting in people’s car while dad works, she doesn’t come back for about an hour. The tinted car just parks out front. They never drive anywhere. She comes back and has long showers. She then started gambling, uncontrollably. Dad finds out when she steals his money. He comes home, they fight, mum punches dad, dad pushes her away and she falls through the front window. Her face littered with glass, dad runs while mum bleeds out all over me. I call the police. I am 6 years old. We lose the house. We go broke. Dad is extremely depressed and attempts suited many times but fails. Mum becomes a prostitute and we find out she was cheating on dad. I live with dad. Dad becomes schizophrenic but refuses to admit or realise it. For years, from my age 6 - 15 dad physically abused me. He did a lot of good, he always prioritised us (after weed, beer and cigarettes) and he worked 40-50 hour weeks for less then $1000 a week. We struggled. We ate 2 minute noodles, baked beans or weetbix for a lot of our meals. He only became angrier and angrier until I could take it anymore. He has physically hurt me my whole life, and mentally abused me for years. I once damaged a couch that belonged to a girl that he was talking to. He came home. Threw me on the ground, punched and kicked me. Spat on me. Dragged me by my hair to my room. Then locked me there for 7 days with one meal a day. He often told me he doesn’t love me and wished I wasn’t born. I got older and stronger. At 16 I met the love of my life. Let’s call her T. At first I wasn’t sure. I thought it my just be my hormones but for sure after a while I realised how deeply I loved her. She got kicked out due to family arguements. She’s a good girl. It wasn’t her fault. She stayed with me, dad and my brother and sister. Dad didn’t like this and one day snapped at me. Following me. Telling me to hit him. He slammed my head against a wall. I lost it. I went into some kind of crazy rage. Like all that had happened built up and I was releasing it. I was ready to kill him but T stopped me. We moved out to my grandparents and called the police. He received no charges. By this point my mother had moved to state after not having anything to do with us for years. Eventually T and I got our own house. We were both 17 working 35 hours a week and doing year 12 at the same time. It was extremely stressful. Our relationship went a bit bitter. We enjoyed each other’s company less. She left me twice over little arguments. Eventually I grew tired of being played with and left. After 3 months I realised how much I couldn’t bare without her. I tried to fix things with her. She told me she didn’t want to. She asked me to stay over a few times so I did. We didn’t have any kind of sexual activity. I just wanted to be with and around her. I was so in love. Losing her made me love her more then ever. She told me she loved me, she always wanted me around. We went out together many many times. And then we get to today. The reason I’m writing this. I wonder if anyone even made it this far. She tells me she doesn’t want to be together and that she’s got feelings for another man. Now I don’t want to seem dramatic, but this girl is all I had. All I cared for. My self worth is non existent. And after opening up to her, I had devoted myself to her. After all these years of hurt. 19 years of pain. I can’t take it anymore. I feel like I needed to get this out. But I honestly want to die. I welcome the thought of suicide. I don’t even care how painful it is. It’s less painful then living my life of constant loss and stress. Also about 3 months ago i lost my job and my car. I’m in debt with rent and behind in all my bills. My landlord wants to evict me and I don’t have any family to live with anymore. I want to just leave this world. I know what people say. Just wait until this passes but I can’t wait anymore. I’ve been waiting my whole life. Yes I thought about the people around me and the impact on those very very few people, I don’t care if I get called selfish. I’m thinking about me right now and the pain I’m in. I’ve seen psychologists and Councilor’s my whole life. Nothing helps. I don’t even know why I’m posting this. I’m not even asking for advice. I just want to feel lighter in the head when I pass on. If you read all this. Thank you. I didn’t write everything that’s happened because writing all this was hard enough.