I dont know what to do.This might be long, I apologize in advance. 

Suicide has never been something I've contemplated but lately it's been weighing on my mind a lot.
My entire adult life has been nothing but effort - I'm not saying that effort is a bad thing, life is filled with challenges. This is common sense. 
Since 16 I've struggled off and on with depression. I can usually manage it with a little me time.

 However, let's fast forward to 2.5 years ago. I was roughly 25. I lost my first house, because aside from me and my fiancee there was no one in the house could manage to keep a job, so my fiancee and I moved in with my grandma and let the ship sink.
 My grandma and fiancee couldn't cohabitate so she moved back with her mom. That was fine, weve handled it pretty good so far.

 But January of 2017 my grandma passed away. She was literally my only support network I had. She left the house to my uncle who she promised me would not kick me out of the house and I could stay as long as I wanted, which to be fair until August of 2017, she was right. 
My uncle put me out and let the favorite nephew have the place. Since August of 2017 I've been couch hopping because I was working a job that doesnt seem to want to pay a livable wage and being homeless is a lot more expensive than you would think; I can hear people thinking "find a better job", I've tried SO hard but its difficult without a permanent address.

Two months ago I finally found a place I thought I could stay at for a while. Rooming with a longtime friend. It went well for one or two weeks until i came home one night and he mentioned that hes moving to Colorado at the end of May and his family wont let me stay in the family house when he leaves... great, I'll make it through, I had another friend offer to move me in with them until my fiancee and I could find my feet again so that was fine.

One month ago, I was told I would be moved from my current post(I'm was in security) to a post that worked 2 days a week at lesser wages than I was making now, if that doesnt already sound SO appealing I also had no way to make it to that job as I've had no car for a while and I've been riding with coworkers. I tell this to the field supervisor when she told me I would be moved and she tells me to give her my phone number and address and she would pick me up at 6 am to have my at work by 630. So I did. She never called. She never showed up. I get the call the next day from the very field supervisor asking me why I didnt come to work the day she didnt come get me. She informed me that I was terminated. So I filed for unemployment.

This past Tuesday, I get the letter turning me down for unemployment. The hole is growing deeper still. 
Friday night, while prepping to move in with my other friend he informed me he doesnt have internet anymore because he lives in the country and the speeds weren't worth it. That's fine, I still have my cellphone to job hunt.
Now I just got a text message from my cell provider that my bill is past due which gives me roughly until Sunday night/Monday morning to pay.

Everytime I get around an obstacle and think I can breathe and rest for a minute theres something else that comes up, and now every option I have for job hunting is being extinguished. It's getting to the point that I can't sleep at night anymore and truthfully I'm just tired of living life, everyone else around me knows something that I don't. They have some key to success, or some key to happiness, and no one is sharing their secrets.
The only reason I'm still here is because of my fiancee. I hope that's enough.