When your best option isn't an optionMaybe this isn't the place for this. I don't know anymore. I dedicated five years of my life to being an EMT in some misguided attempt to redeem myself. Before that I was all kinds of things. I did well in military school. I'm an Ivy League dropout. I was a drug dealer, and a prostitute, and a caregiver for autistic children, and a drug addict, and a devoted step parent to special needs children, and a foster mom for stray animals, and just about everything else you can imagine. I was 300 lbs. I lost 150 lbs. I'm a popular bartender now and I make a great living. But I'm in freefall. I've run out of road. I'm waking up screaming every morning, when I'm lucky enough to sleep, remembering fucking on webcam when I was twelve, or beating up a lifelong friend over a drug debt, or trying to tell someone, somehow, that there was nothing I could do to save their baby after a rough delivery. My entire life, I've sought out every extreme I could think of to make myself feel... something. And now I feel everything. I couldn't possibly do to my family and friends what I've seen suicide do to those who survive it. But I want out. I resent my loved ones for refusing to release me. I don't know what to do with myself. Life is impermanent and meaningless, and the freedom to fail keeps a lot of us ok with ourselves. We hold on for others, or for the hope of a better day, or whatever bullshit we feed ourselves. But what about when you're suffering so much that you just want to say FUCK YOU I TRIED. Why can't they be the ones to get over it? Bad things happen all of the time. Why do I have to keep doing this, just so YOU feel better? Does anybody out there realize that all it takes is one careless person in traffic, one poorly chewed bite of food, one venture into the wrong place at the wrong time to render all of your fighting this impulse to be all for nothing? And then it wasn't even on your own terms.  I'm trapped by their weakness and all I'm doing is hurting myself worse and worse every day just so they don't even have to even get a taste of the suffering I've witnessed, absorbed, or lived day to day. The thing is, though, that whether you make it or not, they will face comparable adversity. When is enough enough? When is the unthinkable permissable? I won't do it. But I'm asking all of you who come here, why do you still keep going? Is it for you, or is it for them, or is it just your base nature to survive, whatever the cost? 

My point is this. I'm not still here for any good fucking reason other than to try to not contribute any more to the unavoidable suffering of others. I can't save anyone from anything. This isn't a pep talk. If your suffering is so great, so intractable, that you can't keep going... well shit. I guess you did something you were always going to, which is to die. You're doomed from the moment you're born. But if you're still fighting, then you sure as shit has better know why you're doing it. I've seen first hand how people suffer, and how they get over it. So it isn't for them... and it sucks for you, so it isn't for you...so what else is there? A moral obligation to observe an instinct that every worm, every weed has to survive? That isn't present in you.  So what is your reason? Because I have no fucking idea, and yet, here I am. I'm not going anywhere. 