Asking people to lockdown indefinitely is selfish ffsOur corrupt, cruel society values "life" over "quality of life". It values the "old/vulnerable" over the "young/future". 

Young people are being told to accept and like the fact that their lives are over and that they will never have the chance to be happy and successful.  They are being told "no" to their youths, a very important time in their lives.  "No" to college.  Many people meet lifelong friends and spouses in college.  I guess that the young people today simply do not matter.  We are heading for another great depression.  And once again, nobody cares.  No one cares that the young people of today will be left to pick up the crappy mess left behind by this putrid society.  And when a young person expresses a desire to have a good life (college, hanging out with friends, meeting people, wanting to preserve the economy, dating, etc.), they are told by someone 40 or up to "stop being selfish". 

Ok, Karen.  I noticed that you had a good youth, family, and career, but I guess the desire of young people today to have the same is selfish?  May I advance the possibility that asking millions of young people to give up their lives and futures to buy some people (who, let's be honest  will die soon anyway) a few more years is selfish?  

A vaccine is not coming.  You can get this virus more than once, meaning antibodies (and therefore, a vaccine) will be useless in fighting it.  The "waves" will never stop.  

I know that many older people simply do not care because they had good lives, but some young people want good lives too.  

But that's not allowed.  The fact that young people will be forced to live through another great depression doesn't matter, nor does the fact that they will miss out on their youths as well as their entire adult lives.  

What does matter, apparently, is the fact that we need to "protect" the elderly from death.  The elderly are meant to die, and the young are meant to live.  But I guess that is no longer true.  

But enough venting.

Signed,
Another depressed, unimportant, "selfish" young person