I really can’t take it anymore...Throwaway account— obvious reasons.  Sometimes writing this kind of stuff helps me calm down.  But I just have to say, I can’t take being alive any longer.  I want to die, genuinely.  There’s only 2 things I’d miss: my friends and my mom.  That’s it, those are the most important things in my life but they’re still not good enough for me to carry on anymore.  I failed last semester.  I got put on academic probation.  I told myself I’d turn it around— I didn’t.  I’ll get kicked out of school now, and I’ll inevitably lose the friends I made there.  I’m still a total fuck up who wasted $40,000 and I don’t deserve to be alive.  I wish every fucking day and night that I was happy and that I wasn’t depressed and bipolar.  I had a bad manic episode last week.  I’d been hallucinating and was having difficulty distinguishing reality from imaginary.  My friends don’t know anything about that, but they pulled this weird prank on me while we were all on FaceTime and it freaked me the fuck out bc I couldn’t tell if it was real or not and I wanted to literally shoot myself in the head to stop all the paranoia spinning through my head.  I forgave them, why wouldn’t I? It’s not their fault they didn’t know.  They’ll never know.  They’ll only find out when my mom has to tell them I killer myself at my funeral.  I just want to go to sleep tonight and hope to god I don’t wake up in the morning.  I hate my life and I’m sick of pretending that I’m enjoying it.  Every fucking thing triggers me and I start crying.  I HATE MY LIFE AND I WANT TO DIE. IM FUCKING ANGRY ABOUT IT.  WHY DO I HAVE TO BE LIKE THIS???  I know for a fact I’ll be dead after I get a letter home saying I’m expelled for flunking out.  If I can’t go back to school I’ll hate my life so much more.  Being at home during quarantine is the worst thing that could’ve happened.  I thought I was finally getting the chance to rehabilitate.  I was wrong.  I’m better off without this life I was given and at this point I don’t care if it’s selfish.