My little storyLong read but wanted to share something with you all.

I haven't lived the worst life, nor the best one. I know that a lot of people have it worse and I am not kidding myself thinking I lived the worst life ever. But all of our lives are relative. In other words, what we experience is all we know. It doesn't make a difference to our current situation that someone somewhere is worse off.

That's important I think. I know that every one of us struggles. Life can be so hard sometimes that it's impossible to look outside of our current moment. It's so hard, but you have to. Trials and tribulations will come in life but you have to keep pushing forward. Even with tears in your eyes, even with doubt in your heart, you have to know it gets better. It really does.

Growing up my personal problems started pretty early. I was what doctors would consider a problem child. I had ADD, I was bipolar, and everything else they could prescribe a pill for. My first time attempting suicide was around the age of 11. I don't really remember why, but I do remember my brother stopping me. And I remember the 7 years of intense counseling that followed.

I had to visit a therapist twice a week, had a therapist visit the house several hours every week, I also had someone with me four to five hours every day, he even followed me to school. It was terrible, I can't tell you how much I hated it. I struggled throughout my teen  years with this shadow on my back. Until I was old enough to choose to do the counseling or not, of course I chose not. Then I dropped out of school.

I floated around awhile, living at home with my dad. I was still very much a dark person. I would cut myself most nights. I didn't know why, but I just hated myself. Why not? What good am I. I surely did feel too great. I would party, hang out with friends, and was always depressed.  I can't tell you how many times I decided to kill myself. And I could have. I had no one watching after me, my dad would ask why I cut myself but he was oblivious. I don't blame him, but too many parents are clueless to what their own children are going through.

Every day felt worse than the one before. I'm not telling you everything got magically better, actually, they got worse. Even as I got older, got married, and had my first kid, I was still clueless. I was still  useless, I didn't work and just floated around. I couldn't control my anger and every fight with my wife was one step closer for her to leave me. Oh, I was still living at home. With my wife and child. How pathetic I felt.

I decide enough was enough. I knew I was a mess and couldn't do it on my own. I decided to start some counseling again, figuring maybe someone could help. The results weren't immediate but I was finally looking at my life and taking it seriously. I knew I had nothing to show for. I knew I had a wife and kid depending on me. So I tried, I did what I could. Life was miserable but I knew I had to try.

A couple months on and I was taking some medicine for my bipolar disorder. I was  feeling better, less insane. It wasn't a magical fix but I was finally thinking a little straighter. I know medicine isn't always the answer but if it helps then it is good. I found a job, a low paying one at that. But it was something. I was finally bringing in some sort of money. But of course, that didn't last long and I lost my temper one day and got fired. Fuck, I thought. This is bullshit, I finally get my head on straight and I have to go and mess it up.

But instead of collecting unemployment and self loathing I went and found another job. Delivering pizza, not bad I thought. I was lucky enough to pick up a beater car during my other job which made it possible to get the job. It made pretty good money. Nothing great but it was a step forward. I finally moved out, sure, into the projects. But it was our own place. With my new income I got approved for a new car, with help from a cosigner, and was feeling pretty good.

About a month ago I moved up to a manager position. Just a shift manager, but hell, it's a start. I still struggle so much. Bills pile up, but I make it through. I work my ass off and treat this job like it's the most important job ever. We are making it, maybe not coasting but at least we're making it. There is so much to my story but this is just a small bit of it. I surely can't go through it all without writing a book.

The point is I can look back and remember all the hopeless days. As a teen, as a useless adult, a terrible parent, the changing factor was that I realised life is worth fighting for. Your life is worth fighting for. Even my baby steps feel fucking fantastic. Take pride in even your smallest accomplishments. Step by step everything will get better. Just keep trying, don't give up.