Undesirable and untalentedI do not know if this post belongs here but I am so lost at this moment that I do not know what else to do. Please pardon my grammar mistakes, for I do not use English as often as I would like, and the length of my post, as there is so much to tell I do not know how to make it any shorter.

I feel like an utter failure, undesirable and untalented. I am 25, almost 26, struggling through a bachelor degree and working a miserable part time job. The job itself was once great, the team making you feel like a part of a family. Of course, the others made something out of themselves and graduated from their respective fields of study, leaving me as the old one among many new employees. Now, it feels divided, unprofessional, and I have problems with another employee who seem so overconfident in himself that he becomes blind to any other perspective than his own. 

As for university, I barely keep my scholarship by my mediocre results. Knowledge and quick wit were once my strong suit but I couldn’t find myself more lacking these past few years, as if my time out of school siphoned all my will and strength out of me. The struggle is constant and far from over, as I still have at least 2 years of study to do before I attempt to obtain a job only one in five get.

However, what burden me the most is both my lack of success with women and being a stranger to myself. I am not the kind of man who sought one night stands. I wanted to find someone who would share some interests with me and with values I would like. I know my dream woman doesn’t exist but that didn’t stop me from meeting some that I could see myself with. Unfortunately, I lack courage to ask a girl out when I should, and those rare times I manage to muster it, I get turned down or wait for an answer that never comes. What doesn’t help is that I am mostly socially inept and doesn’t know much about dating in itself. As for not knowing myself, I should rephrase it as not knowing what image I send to those around me. I know that I am not ugly, that I prefer tranquility, that my hobbies are far from those of most people (tabletop D&amp;D, boardgames, videogames and such), that I try to be as gentlemanly as possible despite my terrible shyness and that I would much rather have few friends that will always have my back than dozens whos I do not know more than two things about. What I do not know is if I send the image of a man-child or of an anti-social man. I also have a hard time to grasp the concept of self-confidence. On one hand, I fear to become overconfident, the thing I despise the most in this world, on the other, I am afraid that my lack of confidence will make me live a lonely life.

Now, a part of me want to just put an end to it, to stop feeling cold at night or feeling like I have to hide all my secrets and moments of weakness without ever sharing them. I want to feel a bit selfish one last time and just finally drop the whole burden once and for all. 