Don't know what to do? If I don't die then what?So all my life I've been pretty lazy. I got to college and things got harder because I had (and still have to) learn things I have never seen in my whole life in a single semester. It has almost become a routine where I fail almost all courses and pass them all at the second time. I can never find a way to study hard by myself. If I ever get motivate it only lasts a few weeks.

A few months ago it got better though: I had a girlfriend for about a year, so that eventually she could dump me just like every single other woman. Anyway, the point is that I got more hardworking and actually happy since I also received affection. And despite of breaking up this motivation for studying lasted for like 2 months or so, but now I have decayed again into the same old downward spiral of depressive feelings that has pretty much scourged me my whole life, and even after 3 years of college already, I cannot change this fucking attitude in me! This is who I am, a fucking smart ineffective depressed and lazy bastard. I've tried to change myself but fuck! I'm 22 and right now I feel like not a bit has changed since I was 15. My mentality has grown up because of my experiences, but the way I am just doesn't let me do what I should be doing in order to live a decent life. I am killing myself slowly and cannot stop it.

Oh yeah, here goes more information so that you can give me better feedback if you wish:

1. I went to the psychiatrist a few months ago for some time. Right before that I got diagnosed with 66% ADHD. She suspects too that I suffer of depression. I just don't know, I could careless at this point. What does that excuse matter anyway? In any case, she gave me pills for depression and focusing, but they don't solve problems, they just help, so whatever.

2. I'm single and feeling lonelier as the days pass. I have no other source of love other than my sisters who are already very cold to me.

3. Fraternity brothers and the fraternity itself stresses the hell out of me on everything, from money issues to brotherhood issues.

4. Oh yeah! Parents are shortening more and more everytime the amount of money they give me.

5. And that makes me remember that I cannot get a single fucking job in IT. No one wants to hire me.

6. Professors are mean as hell most of the time. I am scared, and I cannot shake this feeling.

7. I am a shy person. I get hurt easily, even more when I have nothing to rely on, like a girlfriend.

8. Then there's everybody asking when am I graduating and things like that. The fuck if I know?! At this pace, perhaps by 2018! If my parents still have enough money by then. But then again, just like everyone else, I just don't like saying these things out loud. And just like this, so many other little annoying depressive events happen too.

Anyway, that's all I can think of now, probably will add more later if I remember more. And ALL I wanna do is die right now. I hate this life. I prefer to die quickly than slowly.
Thank you for at least ~~listening to~~ reading my rant, reddit.