It really could get better, but I don't think it would matter to meI'm just glad I don't have any kids or anything like that to be honest.  There is a little talked about method of suicide that I'll likely use, using a needle and syringe to pump air into your veins to trigger a stroke/heart attack.  Its painful, but as long as I'm not interrupted it should be sure fire.

I used to try and help here, comment and pm people who seem like they wanted help.  My own life has been pretty bad since the start.  Not the worst, by any standard, but ... Do you ever feel like that your lying to the people here who wanna die?  Like even if the situation changes, will they really be any less miserable.  This society/species is awful.  We could end problems like poverty, hunger, inequality and we simply don't.

On a personal note, I recently found out that a second ex girlfriend went to prostituting herself.  I'm living with her, she's my best friend.  She doesn't even want help for that and I'm just at a loss of what to do.  The first one killed herself, I don't think I wanna watch what happens this time.  I really am at a loss.  I 'survived' physical and emotional abuse or whatever, not unlike a great deal of people.  I'm practically homeless, working at McDonald's.  I've got a lot of bad memories.  I just want to let it all go really. Yes, there are people I'll be leaving behind and I know, very well, how selfish I'm being.  See, things really could get better, situation wise.  I'm in OVR (Office of Vocational Rehabilitation) and they might help me go to school for heavy equipment operation.  I could be making 35 and hour by next year.  Even if the living situation changes though, I have depression so bad I've gone psychotic for years on end, completely delusional.  I don't want to wait around for a relapse.  I'm a reasonably attractive 28 year old white male.  I have every privilege imaginable and almost 10 grand in stocks.  I hate myself for wanting death so badly, because I've had friends and lovers die by suicide.  I know how hard it is.  I just don't want to exist.  I don't want to be a part of this world anymore.  I've tried everything.  Drugs, both legal and illegal.  Pot helped some, mushrooms helped more than any drug the doctor prescribed me.  I've been in many different kinds of therapy and stuck to it, because I genuinely wanted to get better for the people who love me.  I've tried volunteer work, exercise, diet, extra sunlight.  I've tried having more friends and lovers.  I've just about quit smoking.    I just loathe this society, existing in it, watching what it does to people.  To be honest, at this point I don't even think its my own suffering (which honestly probably isn't that bad compared to some of the stories I've read here) that I want to escape.  I'm just tired of watching friends and family get destroyed.  I'm just really tired of all the terrible shit that goes on in this world.  I kinda do want to be talked out of it, because I don't want to do this to my friends and family ... I just don't want to exist even more.  I found a stash of photographs she had taken, or maybe it was a camera man I don't know, of her escapades prostituting herself.  She's such a sweet woman, it makes me sick to see this.  I'm pretty besides myself and I'm a few clicks away from buying a syringe and grabbing my tent.  I don't want her to have to come home to a dead body.  I don't know Reddit, I'm struggling here.  I don't really want to see this train wreck of an existence go on, but I also don't want to hurt the lives of the few people around me that I care about.  If you guys could talk me out of it, you might be helping a few other people ... but, if not I personally don't blame you and I think everyone commenting or whatever is great for trying.  