My life is falling apartHi all, 

This is my first and maybe last post on here. I’ve had a pretty easy life. I went to good schools. I have wealthy parents who always loved and supported me and pushed me to do the best in life. I have a girlfriend of 2 years who I love so much. I worked in Canary Wharf ( UK Version of Wall Street ) as a foreign exchange broker for over a year and I was pretty good at it. I left that job a few days after I turned 21 to start my own brokerage. I have a group of friends who are always there for each other, my friends are my second family. We always have each other’s backs. My life should be perfect ya know. Middle class white boy with his entire life in front of him. Then it changed.

A few months ago I was involved in a car accident with a cyclist. I was driving home from my girlfriends on Mother’s Day and just didn’t see them. I missed the first one somehow but hit the front cyclist. They died a week later in hospital. In a few weeks, after the police have concluded their investigation I am going to charged with Death by Dangerous Driving. It carries a minimum of 2 years in prison and a lengthy driving ban. Due to coronavirus the firm helping me setup my own brokerage has folded, I lost all the money  I had already invested into my firm from website design and the such, which was pretty much everything I had. My girlfriend is leaving me due to the fact I’m going to prison for 2+ years. She’s also leaving me for a guy she works with, turns out they’ve been having an affair since early December... and he sexually assaulted her. Apparently I’m just that bad of a boyfriend she wants to leave me for someone who sexually assaulted her. Most of my friends no longer talk to me due to the accident and the stress of the entire situation is putting a huge strain on my dads already very weak heart. My mum cries most morning and nights over it. 

I’ve always felt like I was a burden on people my entire life. I feel like I’ve let people down my entire life. I wish I could be someone different. My brother for example. He is a national swimmer, he has a masters degree in motorsport engineering and is currently an assistant lecturer. He has a house he rents with his friend in Coventry. My parents were always so proud of him. Although I said earlier that my parents loved me and supported me they have never been proud of me. They found out I smoked in year 9, I was never part of a sports team in school, I wasn’t popular. They felt I wasted my potential playing video games and going out with the few friends I had. 

So basically I’ve decided to end it. My entire life I’ve let people down, disappointed people and now everything is falling apart around me. I’ve lost my friends, my girlfriend, my company and soon I’m going to lose my freedom. I had everything and now I have nothing. I used to be sure of everything and where I wanted to go in life, I wanted to bring my friends and family and girlfriend along with me. 

Now it’s just me. Alone in the dark, lying in bed at 1:42am on a Tuesday morning. I’m not sure when I’ll go through with it, maybe a few days, maybe a few weeks or maybe when I’m in prison. 

So long reddit.