I just feel like there is no point delaying the inevitableI've graduated from one of the best universities in my country which I'd got accepted with a scholarship and national degree in university entrence exams. I've graduated with 3.2/4 gpa score. I've gone to Sweden with Erasmus programme, I've played in a great band for the first 3 years of my university life, had been selpt with 5-6 women which I had a serious relationship that last 2.5 years with 2 of them. I've graduated and got accepted for the graduate school that I wanted and currently I am studying Game Technologies. My first ever game had got downloaded by 2 million people during my first job experience. This year at 14th Februrary, everything was changed. My girlfriend dumbed me for a fuckboy, my parents got divorced (and they were very verbal to me about this topic), I had to swtich jobs because I thought I was underpayed and being used there and now I am working in defense industries (totally different industry that I'd imagine for my career). I dont know, I think I've accomplished much during my school years but whenever I look back I say to myself I could do better. 

I could do better if I was living in a different country, I could do better if I didn't waste my time on two long serious relationships. I could do better if I decided to study abroad and just accept my parent's offer to pay for it (I didn't want to make them pay for MY education). I could do better if I didn't have a girlfriend when I was living in sweden with eramus programme. I could do better if I didn't stop making music or writing poems and stories, I could do better if I didn't take the job at defense industries so early that quitting the job means getting banned from the best paying sector in Turkey. Everything I did seems like a failure to me. And worst of all, I've gained a lot of weight, my self esteem is on the ground, I just stopped believing myself or in other words I stopped lying myself about I can accomplish anything.

Anyways, for people around me, I am a succesfull, mature, intellectual, functioning person with interesting hobbies. But inside of my mind, these things just doesn't matter. I was so pumped by my parents, my friends and my girlfriends, nothing I do satisfies me and I am feeling like I am slowly losing all my skills (social, artistic, general etc.). 

I dont add value to anyone around me. Noone needs me, Noone craves for my love, needs my support, needs me around them. 

I was such a nice guy to all my friends and lovers. But in the end I was the one who got screwed up by them. I can not seem to get laid nowadays, if you exclude some of my ex gf's. that really affects me because I was used to have a regular sex life (and boy, it was great). I cannot meet with new people and make them like me like used to. I could sit on a table that I know only one person at that table and carry the conversation for hours but now I am just struggling with even answering the basic questions. I used to have strong believes about life, politics, relationships (I'm an atheist), and know I realize that these believes just made me loser in the end and I cannot change them because they are infused into my mind. 

Turkey is a very depressing place if you have at least slightly above the average intellectual capacities, and I feel like I am trapped in this place where people are sooo terrible; muslim-heads who long for the glorious days of ignorance and bigotry of ottoman empire, wannabe "highly cultural" social media slaves/plaza workers, bigheaded academics who doesn't give a shit about their thesis student, women who satisfies themselves with shallow relationships or expects irrationally much from men, people who cannot appreciate a good company and keep expecting a personal benefit from every relationship they have. 

Fuck I am so overwhelmed trying to describe the state of mind I am in, I am so sorry people. I wish English was my mother tongue, but it isn't and I am not confident the way I express myself. 

This life, is too complicating, too demanding, too shallow and most importantly too worthless especially in Turkey. I want to leave here, but I don't know if I can find the happiness and peace in another country. Here, I am an intellectual, succesfull computer engineer; outside of Turkey, I am a fucking roach. I've sent my cv to a lot of places outside the country. Noone wants me. How do I escape here? Should I escape here and leave all of my successes and failures behind me and start a new life? Would it worth the effort? I don't know.

Death, seems like such a sweet release to me. I just want to die, naturally, at this moment, in an instant. I had enough. I had my peak  at this life and I am just slowly going down to a horrible end I can feel it. I've been depressed before, even got some medical treatment for it. It doesn't feel like being depressed at all. It is just... there is no meaning in anything at all. We are bunch of atoms. Dying will just stop all of it. I wouldn't care for anyone and anything If I was dead. I wouldn't be upset about the fact that I could do much, have children and stuff. Dead doesn't care. Dead is dead and for the last month I just feel like there is no point delaying the inevitable. 