If I commit suicide, it will be because of decades of rejection.When I needed my family the most, not only were they not there, they saw to it to put their feet on my head to keep me underwater.

It’s always been like that. Scorn, ridicule, belittling, gossip, betrayal, bullying.

A soul can only take so much. I’ve felt worthless since I was a kid. My earliest memories were of putdowns and child abuse. 

It did teach me to be compassionate. I feel strong empathy towards others. In fact I feel too much. Sometimes I wish I could turn it off.

I would like to thank my family for teaching me what not to be. I honestly don’t know who’s worse off; me, in the cusp of suicide because I feel like my spirit is completely broken, or them, the type of compassionless people who have not only shit on me my whole life, but totally shit on each other. 

My mom is cool. She was abused by my father for decades. She’s told me some horror stories. I’m grateful I have her compassion. I don’t have the heart to let her know I’m contemplating ending my life.

But is it suicide when you’re already dead inside? I feel like I’ve been dead for years. I don’t know who or what this ghost is walking around. I don’t recognize this person in the mirror.  Death has its fangs in me already. 

I don’t know if anyone else has been through this on this forum. Years of abuse, depression and bad luck eating you away like a cancer, to the point where there are actual physical health problems. After a while you don’t even feel worthy of help. You just feel like you’d be doing the world a favor by leaving. And maybe even doing yourself a favor.

Would God or the universe punish me for committing suicide?

My answer would be I feel the universe has punished me enough. People don’t commit suicide because things are rosy and perfect and all butterflies and unicorns. People commit suicide because some part of them finally snaps. In my case it’s just a combination of bad luck, rejection, feeling unloved and unwanted. 

I don’t  even think I’d be missed. Sure my dad would miss me when his computer breaks down and there’s no one there to fix it, but truly missed? I doubt it. Maybe these assholes would throw a party. Maybe they’ll bitch I stuck them with my funeral bills. Maybe they’ll justify the situation by saying I was weak all along.

It’s kind of funny when you think about it in a black humor way. 

Well universe, I tried. I put good intentions out there, I put good action out there, I was always kind and forgiving and loving despite decades of bad luck abuse and rejection. But I’ve met my match and the straw broke the camels back.

Hey, if anyone wants to talk me out of it, I’ll listen.