I don’t know what to do. I wanna die but I don’t wanna kill myself.I know what I’m saying might no make sense but I have no one else to ask help from. If I talk about this to my parents they will either say I’ve gone far away from my religion/ don’t trust in God or that it’s all in my head. 

If I ask friends they’ll say the usual im sorries/ it’ll pass/ just a few more years (I’ll graduate then but im in a place where if I go to a university I’ll still be either at home or I’ll go abroad ((which I really want but chances are 50/50)))

I know I need a therapist. I know it. But here therapists cost like a tonne and we’re basically low class. 

My parents don’t believe in therapy either. 

I don’t know what to do. 

I feel stuck. 

I feel depressed. 

I’m sad and depressed all the time. There’s no changing because the source is my family life. 

I have three younger brothers and I’ve been a half mom to them their whole lives and as much as I love them they’re the most f*cking annoying and disobedient kids I’ve come across. They love talking back and not listening to a think you have to say. 

My dad is like a child in a mans body, and a child whose manipulative and doesn’t understand shit. He’s mentally abusive and has the upper hand in everything because he’s the ‘man of the house’. 

My mom has tolerated this and tbh I can’t ever say it aloud but I f*cking hate her for it. 

She thinks honour and other people’s collective opinion on you matters more than divorce. 

I hate both of them. I hate this life. I hate forcing myself to be an introvert and I hate forcing myself to just be emotionless and I want to die. 


I’m paranoid because of my father who talks like he’s suspicious of everything i do because I’m a girl. 

I f*cking hate my father. I hate living here. I hate this society.  I hate it. I would’ve killed myself a long time ago if I wasn’t to some extent religious myself. I do believe in God and all because I’ve seen things happen that couldn’t be less than miracles but you know what I am angry at him. 

I am so angry. I am angry at my parents and I want to die. 

If someone can help me out or not I don’t know.  I’m too afraid to ask anyone else for help now because I’m also paranoid.  I think everyone’s out to get me. And I can’t ask anyone for some sort of therapy. 

I’m paranoid because my dad is paranoid everyone’s out to get him. It’s rubbed off. I wish it hadn’t but it has. After 18 years it eventually does. 

Sorry if my English isn’t right. not a native. 