So this is my storyI got refered to here from a friend, so let me tell you my story.
I'm only 16 and from Denmark so bear with me with my bad english.

It all started when i went to boarding school. After about 3 months everyone had to relocate rooms. I were going to live together with my best friend and my other good friend. Time went by and it became christmas. After the christmas holiday my best friend got into a relationship with my to-come best female friend. Time went by again and about 3 months later i told my best female friend that i was in love with her. She thought it was okay and didn't really do anything about it, we were still best friends etc.. School end came, along with summer holiday. We wrote together quite a bit. Now that around 3 months have passed we're going to different schools and live 2 hours from eachother. I'm still in love with her but now she just doesn't give a fuck. I miss her SO fucking much but for some reason she doesn't care. When we went to school together we could talk about EVERYTHING. I allready talked to her before about commiting suicide. The odd thing is that i've wanted to be together with her for a long time but she still didn't want to. Untill yesterday we talked about it again and she said that she'd promise we were going to be together soon if i didn't commit suicide. But because she has lied to me SO many times since the summer holiday i didn't believe her. Today i wrote to her starting with a normal conversation. I asked if she really meant what she said about us going to be together, and if she didn't just say it so i didn't commit suicide. 
My remake of the texting:
Me: Did you really mean what you said? Or did you just say it so i'm not going to commit suicide?
Her: I got to go.
Me: I'll take that as a yes.
Her: What. (Yes, what., not what?)
Me: Just fucking forget it!
Her: Omg.

That made me so fucking sad that she was so cold.
That was the first reason why i'm probably going to commit suicide.

Second reason is life is boring. I was just done with 9 years of school just to have to go through another 4, just to work for 45 years, then to wait however long it takes to die.

Third reason is i don't see a point to my life. All im doing is using my familys resources and being a waste of space. I have caused too many troubles to my family by doing the opposite of what they said.

So that was basically my story.

Huge thanks to Tyler (you know who you are) for talking to me about my problems and supporting me.