I'm done with this ride...so I'm getting off... 
My parents kicked me out at 16.

I went to the military, finished college several times, and then moved in with my sister to pay her rent so my niece wouldn't be homeless. My sister later kicked me out when her bf got out of jail.

I've lived out of a duffle bag and car both those times. It took a long time to get back to self sufficiency, and I couldn't have done it without friends.

2 years ago I married a woman who meant the world to me. I loved her. Our apartment lease is up at the end of October. I have been looking for a job since August that would pay more than us just scraping by, living off her income and savings. On my birthday this Oct 6, she tells me she has made a decision and is done with us. I wanted to find out why and what I could do to help. She ignored me for a whole week and moved into an apartment with a recently made friend. Turns out she had some resentments about things she never told me about in our relationship. We also shared her car since I lost mine in an accident a year ago,   so even if I took 1 of the jobs I was offered, I wouldn't have a way to get to it and sign a lease extension or move somewhere. 

This doesn't seem to bother her.

Help me understand, because she was supposed to be the best humanity had to offer, and I never could do something like this. 

I can't claw my way back again living off the handouts of my friends. I feel like she was my family, and this was her responsibility, not theirs. When she left it crushed me, but she also couldn't have done it at more vulnerable time. I applaud her attack at greatest moment of weakness, holy fuck I never thought I'd be a dumpster baby again.

I know this will hurt my friends, but they've already done so much more than what I could ever ask for. 

I've been on reddit for a long time, and this has to be the most personal shit I've ever told a stranger. 

No matter who or what you are, you all deserve to be loved. It's such a shame the smallest kindnesses of strangers are things that I appreciate more than what the people I trusted to love me have done.

I'm not selfish. I'm so sorry to the strangers and friends that I could have helped in the future, because I won't be there. Please forgive me, but this time I'm making the selfish choice. 

I'm out guys, I just wanted 1 last time to try to get some perspective.