Don't know what to do, want some kind of adviceBecause of my stupidity and laziness I've been kicked out college. Last time I just failed due to lack of revision but this time I just didn't see the point of it.

For a bit of background due to family problems I tried committing suicide 6 years ago, ever since then I've had a very pessimistic view on life, whenever I fail at something I just consider suicide because to me it just seems like a simple way out.  However I often try and do something to get my mind of it but there are moments when I just lose it and start thinking about drinking myself to death, OD on paracetamol or something, slashing my wrists or jumping out a 3 story window into the garage with the concrete floor below, the last time I was only saved because of a plastic roof on top of the garage which stopped me from being crippled or dead.

But this time I think about suicide almost daily. My dad is supposed to retire next year in November and is moving away to morroco and he always wants me to do well in education but that means I essentially have to be in uni or have got a job by that time, evidently uni is impossible to reach now. The worst part is I haven't told my dad that I've failed college, last year I failed my A levels due to lack of revision and he understood it slightly more, this time I'm on a different, easier course and I got chucked out just for lack of attendance, I've had this attendance problem for about 3 months and I still haven't told him. Due to there not being enough time before he retires for me to take another 2yr course and finish it I just can't see the point of going on anymore, as my dad is only one of two in my extended 15+ family with a stable full time job and I've seen how bad life can get without a job or meaningful education. 

I can't really talk with anyone else, have no real friends or family I could talk to who would understand. I've also threatened to commit suicide to my dad multiple times so I'm scared that he will just yell at me, not believe me or kick me out. Even when typing this out right now I always think about how he would find out at work, call me in a rage then find me dead by the time he gets home, or he would confront me about it and I would just run into the kitchen and slash my wrists then stab myself in the throat. I just can't talk to my dad trying to make my suicide attempt seem "genuine". Every time I think about committing suicide I then immediately visualise what my parents reaction would be and what would happen to them, sometimes I may get very close but would not have the guts to go through with it, I may overdose on multiple pills but then immediately shove my hand down my throat and puke them out. I just feel trapped and scared that one day I'll get pushed over the edge and just end it. I'm a 17yr old male from UK BTW. 