It's not that I want to kill myself so much as I want to die.I guess I'll start with that. I don't want to kill myself. At least, I don't want to kill myself with people knowing. I know if I wanted to I could with ease. I've got a Glock 26 on my nightstand, loaded with Hornady Critical Defense rounds. One quick tug from the trigger and I'd be finished. It'd only take a flash of a second and all these feelings would be gone. I could hop in the shower and cut my wrist as I enjoy the last moments of life in warmth.

I love my parents, my girlfriend, my friends and even my coworkers. And that's why I don't want to kill myself. I don't want them to know that, despite all their loving support and time, I still hate myself. I just want to die. It's that time of the year where roads are slick. It wouldn't look all that out of place if I just let go of the wheel and let that truck flatten my car and my spine. But I also know I don't want some poor truck driver thinking he could have stopped it.

I want people to think I was happy. I want to be remembered as that goofy kid who enjoyed the Total War series, Guinness and the History Channel before Ancient Aliens took over. I want my funeral to be a celebration of when I was happy, with Motown playing, lots of drinks and good food. Why? Because it's the one thing I feel I can no longer achieve in life.  And I know if I took my life in a manner that let everyone know I did, it wouldn’t be that.

I'm rambling aren't I? Three paragraphs in and I'm yet to say why I feel this way. That’s not really fair to you is it? You’re here to help me, and I’m wasting your time with my bullshit. So I guess I’ll try and do a short and sweet.

From the outside, everything about my life looks good. I’ve got two parents who love me, a great job at a great company, a girlfriend who is wonderful, no worries about income and if I may say so, I’m not bad looking. 

But it isn’t that way. My parents sit on a teeter-totter of divorce and love. I’ve failed out of collage twice, both times because I become so terrified of failing that I stop going to class. I’m emotionally depended on my girlfriend and I know it. When my friends aren’t in town, she is my only friend in the real world and even then I only get to see her on weekends. Every morning I take enough medicine to start my own pharmacy. And I think worst of all, I’m bored. I’m bored with life.

I’ve considered joining the Peace Corps or even the Air Force as of late. But it’s likely the Air Force won’t take me on account of being medicated and the Peace Corps like College Graduates. Going to class where I am now physically hurts me. I’m so bored out of my mind, and yet I’m terrified I’ll fail. It’s a terrible mixture to say the least. I *know* I could ace every single one of my class, but I just hate being in there. And I’m lonely. Like I said, I have my girlfriend, but outside of her I have a few online friends. I feel like I constantly upset my girlfriend, whether through saying stupid things or doing even stupider things.

I can’t go out and meet people. I would sooner fight a Kodiak bear defending her cub for laughs than try and meet new people. It’s the most terrifying experience I can imagine. It’s worse than when my mother rolled the car on our way to summer camp. And I know my father hates me for it. Hate might be a strong word, but it’s how it comes off. He’s “Mister Big-Shot-CIO” who can schmooze with anyone, and I can hardly talk to my peers.

I just want to vanish. I’m failure in every way, no matter what my mother says. And right now, the only way I could vanish is if I were to be buried six feet under. And the worst part is, I know compared to so many others in the world, my suffering is nothing. There are people in every country and every city that have it a thousand times worse than me, and yet I can’t help but want death. I know there are children in Africa who starve to death and could only dream of having my leftovers. There are kids even in my city who would do anything for warmth my room offers me.

I’m selfish for thinking my life is so terrible. But I think I’ve come to terms that I’m selfish. Selfish, cowardly, helpless and greedy narcissist. 