Wouldn't mind someone to talk to.Lately things for me have been really eye opening. I'm a 20 year old fuckup who graduated highschool by some miracle of God (cheating) and enrolled in college 2 years later to get Ds and Cs. my family 100% believes I'm useless. I'm completely unable to get myself a job no matter how hard I try. I just don't know what to do with myself anymore because adulthood just seems to be punching me in the face over and over without giving me any break at all. My dad laughs at me for not being able to do things on my own and honestly, I believe him. I really can't do anything by myself because of how reliant I am to my parents. I also have taken something called synthroid my entire life and im not sure if im actually physically retarded or not. This might seem farfetched but honestly as far as I know, I could be. I feel distant from everyone I meet and everyone I see. I have a scar on my face right on the ridge of my nose that makes me look like a fucking dirty homeless kid wherever I go. My brothers both exceed in everything they do and make the road for me incredibly difficult because everything I accomplish has already been done by them so I get no recognition. Sorry that this is scattered everywhere but its 2am and I just feel like crying. I haven't been able to cry since  I was like 10 years old when I remember standing in the middle of the road, watching my father drive away in the rain after a huge fight and eventual divorce. The other more recent time was when I was 17 and my dog Benji died. He had been a there for me through every important thing in my life that I can remember and just like that he was gone. I don't really even know why I'm sad, I've been feeling it on and off again the last few weeks. One night I want to kill myself and then I push it off and ignore it for a few days and it returns. I guess I just really don't know what I, one out of seven billion fucking people, can bring to the table that someone else couldn't. Everything I have ever done has been shadowed by other people. I really just want to give up.