It's hard to see a point (there may be a triggering part idk just a warning)I have so many reasons to not be here anymore. So many constant thoughts attacking my brain at once. My BPD tells me I need to do everything I can to keep my boyfriend so I'm not left alone, my SPD tells me who gives a fuck and being alone is what I need, then my asexuality chimes in and makes me realize that I'll never be loved for real or be happy with someone anyway because who would give up sex and being touchy feely, just to be with the piece of shit that is me? I'm going to be abandoned, it's obvious. And I'll probably end up being raped before it happens, considering it's almost happened a few times before since I'm the way that I am and I guess what I feel comfortable with doesn't mean anything. I don't even feel human anymore. I'm so disconnected from everyone else. I can't relate to anyone and I can't find anyone in person who is like me. No one understands and every day waking up feels like a punch in my gut. "This again". Even psychologists don't take me and what I feel seriously. Which is preventing me from getting meds. So I'm not on anything and I have to experience this hell fully 24/7 and I'm expected to not smoke weed even when I'm having intense mental breakdowns that can last for hours. So when I experience those sober, I'm then told I need to stop hurting myself. Like??? I don't fucking have meds, I can't smoke weed to calm myself down as a last resort so as I'm doing things uncontrollably, you want me to stop myself mid punch/cut and say to myself "hey u better stop that u hear? Good girl. All better" 
Damn while we're at it, let's tell drug addicts to stop buying drugs on their own and for depressed people to cheer up.
I swear everyone is just waiting for me to kill myself. They don't care. Even when I pour my heart out they end up repeating the same behavior and hurt me more. There isn't one thing on this planet that makes me feel good. Not anymore. All the thoughts and voices in my head are too powerful. I just want out. 