Guilt SuicideI'm a 29 year old white male with a great job and college degrees. I have two loving parents - they're divorced but both alive and supportive of me. We all live in different states, but we recently were all together because I almost died in a motorcycle accident. 

So I owe the rest of the loan on the motorcycle. The person who hit me didn't have car insurance so all the bills ($150,000+) are going to mine. My bike was totaled..that was the last thing I can think of enjoying in my life..riding the bike. I would buy another one today if I could afford it. I couldn't afford the first one, though, so I owe a couple grand for a bike I don't get to touch anymore.

I'm manic/depressive, and a couple months before the accident I had stopped taking my medication. So when I got hit, I was carrying a concealed pistol and over 2 ounces of marijuana. I don't sell drugs, I'm a medical patent, but I was in a paranoid hypomanic state. I had no real reason to be carrying a gun besides that I live in Detroit. The accident resulted in a lot of broken bones and another closed head injury. The head injury is the main culprit for my suicidal ideation. 

Two years prior to this accident, I was jumped by a group of MMA fighters outside a bar in Columbus, OH. They crushed my skull in seven places and caused brain damage to my prefrontal cortex. Immediately following that head injury I became intensely suicidal. I was in the last year of graduate school, so there was some pressure from that. Against all previous philosophical reasoning, I began an antidepressant (Prozac). Before I felt this way, I had always thought depression was just something in people's mind's that they were responsible for fostering it and weak for allowing it to continue. 

The Prozac made me manic - this was my first experience with a manic episode, so I blame the head injury. The psychiatrist that proscribed the Prozac left his job before he could see how it affected me. This mania lasted about 8 months. In those 8 months, I alienated a longterm girlfriend and almost every single one of my other friends and acquaintances. I ran a marathon and rode a 180 mile bike race. Then I got suspended from the lab at school because someone told my professor I was selling drugs and carrying a gun. After being suspended from the lab, I hashed out my thesis in coffee shops, shisha lounges, and libraries - until they banned me from the school library for acting outrageous. I also traveled back and forth from Florida 6 or 7 times in the new Mustang GT I just bought with zero down on credit. 

The whole time I was being followed by the CIA and FBI. There were also people from competitive industries trying to steal my thesis. I saw them in cars with ear pieces; I saw them in every coffee shop or shisha lounge. I saw them flying Cessna planes overhead every 20-30 mins. Driving back and forth from Florida, my average speed was 100+mph. If it was dark and I saw them, I would switch off all my lights and rocket down the freeway in complete darkness, sometimes flying past the occasional car in darkness. Through all of this, I was able to finish and defend my thesis - by the grace of God.

So I racked up about $25k in debt during the manic episode, which doubled what I already owed mainly for school. The financial stress is huge – my bank account is negative $600 as we speak, and I just opened another $500 bill from the accident. I’ve had one surgery and I’m scheduled for another surgery Nov 30. The first court date for the felony is Dec 16. 

I’m also in a turning point decision at work. I’m ending a rotation program for new hires and I need to make a decision about where I want to spend the next few years.. it has been real hard to consider any of the options because I can’t get it out of my head that I’m just going to end it. There’s no use for making plans when I’m not going to be there.

These are a couple of the immediate stresses. The reasons I can’t get by them is I have diminished self-confidence. My heart was broken by a girl I hoped to spend my life with. It was broken again by my friends and family when I was submitted to a psych ward during my manic phase. I didn’t believe there was a problem – thought everyone else had the problem. The 7 days on that ward changed everything about my life for the worse. I refused any treatment and they released me with an unclear diagnosis. I have a very deep-seeded self-hatred. Part of this is just because I’m a human – and I have a philosophical hatred for the human race, stemming from our lack of compassion, tendency to take advantage or others, destruction of the planet, and on and on. I hate the job I landed because it represents everything I was against as a youth...I have no money. I have nothing to show for the work I’ve done. Every plan I have is fickle. I hate the people I work with for being normal. I hate the city and state I live in. I hate the “work” I do. I have no physical outlets anymore because of my injuries. I don’t want to have a child because I don’t trust my genetics and I don’t want to bring another human into this fucking circus. I can’t drink because I’m an alcoholic and because of the meds…so I don’t know how to meet people anymore. I used to like my coworkers when I had a regular job – met some of my best friends in pizza shops. Now just talking to someone here makes me feel like shit about myself.

TL/DR scatterbrained and suicidal white male grasping for straws
