I'm done.Hi, just a little bit about me...
 I'm a 29 year old male, been married for going on 3 years, currently going through my second round of college, this time for an associate's in the field of veterinary medicine.  I've had problems my entire life with depression, anxiety, social phobia, and anger management issues.  I've been on medication for most of my adult life, which helps to a degree.  have had frequent thoughts of suicide throughout my life, even to the point where I've made plans to sell all of my music collection and electronic goods, and have asked my mother for a copy of the life insurance policy she has on me.

 I have absolutely no confidence in my abilities (what little I have) and frequently wonder why people have anything to do with me.  I have difficulty making friends, and building up proper connections in my field.  I'm embarrassed about the fact that I work two insignificant, low tier jobs when there are those younger than me making 4 times my annual income.  Self doubt, and the resulting anxiety has cost me many things, including jobs and friendships.

 getting up every day is a challenge to me.  I have really bad problems with self-doubt and paranoia to the point where I hate doing pretty much anything that involves other people.  I constantly feel like people are talking about me behind my back, and that anyone who is nice to me is only doing it out of pity, or as an underhanded way of insulting me.  I'm terrified of doing anything around my classmates; I feel like the ones who are more experienced in the field groan when they have to do lab assignments with me.  this is all despite the fact that I get good feedback from my colleagues, and frequently get told that I'm doing a good job.  I always feel like my wife will leave me for someone else who doesn't have mental problems, and who makes more money.  All of this is despite the fact that she tells me that she loves me every day.  I don't take criticism well, from anyone.  I feel like I've worked as hard as I can throughout my life, but I have nothing to prove for it-working menial jobs, lots of debt; despite the fact that I'm married and have a very supportive family.

 After many years of trying to push it to the back of my mind, I think I'm ready to go through with ending my life.  The only thing that has held me together is my family (most notably my wife and mother) and the few friends that I have.  At this point, however, I don't think that's enough to stop me from doing this.  What's even worse, is that I just lost my 18 year old brother as a result of a freak accident, and I don't want my mother to have to bury another one of her sons.  I just can't handle living anymore, and the pressures of being an adult and a provider, despite my best efforts.  I don't think I have a place in this world.

 sorry if this was tl;dr, but I can't really think coherently now, and I'm typing on my phone.