Coming to terms with being a failure. Long post, TL;DR at the bottom.My \[24F\] boyfriend of one year apparently has never really loved/cared for/wanted me. I should've gotten rid of him after he cheated on me with a man he met on POF in July. He kept accusing me of wanting to revenge cheat afterwards, despite telling him a million times I have no fucking interest in giving away my body to a stranger like he does. I didn't know it was rare to want to commit to one person wholeheartedly until now. Silly me, this is my first relationship so I guess I was too naiive. First kiss, first fuck, and many other firsts.  

In September, he dedicated the song "Don't Wanna Hurt You" by Latif to me. I had never heard of it until I looked it up and read the lyrics. It's a song about having a good woman in your life, but wanting to throw her away to go fuck and suck everything that moves. The singer "loves" the woman a lot, but apparently not enough to want to just fuck *her* pussy, mouth and ass forever. He needs more than her to feel satisfied, despite breaking her heart and destroying her faith in romantic relationships. Basically "fuck yo feelings bitch, I need my dick wet by the rainbow of women (and men?) out there. Sorry not sorry." 

I know why I stay to this day: this is better than being alone (in my twisted/fucked up mind), and there are some good days together. I've withdrawn from my few friends because maintaining the relationships is just too much for me nowadays. I've lost interest in my hobbies, despite trying SO hard to rekindle the love for them. I've tried to engage in new hobbies, but my interest falls off quick too. 

I hate working, I've been called a slow worker in my past job and now this one. I'm doing my best, I give my all, but again it's not enough. I'm a welder/carpenter. I used to do production welding, standing in one spot in a hot little booth for 10 hours a night. Now I assemble and weld big frames for various things, and while the welding part is fun, it only consists of 10% of the job, I hate the other 90% with a burning passion. So much tedious work that I can't fucking stand.

I've always wanted to be a civil engineer (transportation engineer) but math is my weakest subject, despite my intense efforts all throughout school. I've never gotten an A in math class past elementary school, it dropped to a C+ no matter how hard I tried. Staying late bugging different math teachers for help, tutoring, Khan Academy, nothing has helped me grasp higher level concepts. Again, not even good enough to do what I really have an interest in doing. 

I only do this welding shit for the relatively easy money. I'm stuck supporting my mom at home because she got fired from her job over a year ago. Ineligible for unemployment benefits because she was fired for insubordination and misconduct. She hasn't held any job since, and my sole income is the only thing keeping her, my grandma and myself with a roof over our heads. She refuses to "settle" for anything other than housekeeping jobs, which apparently aren't hiring anywhere, ever. I'm not worth her fighting to get another job to help put extra income into the house, or to at least take care of her own finances. 

I have to pay for her portion of the rent, a carton of cigarettes every month (I don't even smoke), all of her credit card/loan bills, car insurance, life insurance, her truck repairs, my car repairs, the "entertainment" bills (netflix, amazon prime, direcTV), weekly groceries and monthly toiletries all off of $22/hr. I no longer have any savings because a recent $1000 car repair bill wiped out every cent I had, and I'm finding it extremely difficult to rebuild my savings. 

I became the proud owner of a tactical shotgun sometime last month, and bought a small box of rifled slugs to pair with it. Best money I ever spent, I don't regret it one bit. This shotgun is the ticket out of my earthly hell. I really do pray and hope that God will accept me into heaven for what I will do in the near future. 

My 2020 game plan is to finally set my trapped boyfriend free, then maybe write a letter to my mom and grandma stating that I'm just not cut out for this world. I'll drive as far as a full tank of gas would take me, then leave my beloved car somewhere safe with the note inside. Then I'll wander off into some remote area and blow my brains out. End of story. I'm really just waiting for all these goddamn holidays to pass by so I won't ruin them for anybody. A random day in the middle of January is much easier to deal with. 

I know my gory death will just pass the pain on to my friends and parents, but they'll be okay in the end. Once they accept that I'll finally be at peace and no longer suffering for being a failure in every aspect of life. My boyfriend probably won't even remember who I was in a couple weeks, his short term memory sucks anyway. Once he's balls deep in someone's pussy or ass, it'll be like I never existed, despite how much effort and love I put into "us". He'll get to fuck and suck everyone in the world, my mom will be forced to find a job and continue taking care of herself after a year long vacation, and I'll get to be in the warm, loving embrace of God for eternity, patiently awaiting to greet my parents and friends when their time comes to see the golden gates of heaven.

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR: I failed at everything in life. I'm not worth love, commitment, or being respected and appreciated for doing my best at keeping a household afloat on a mediocre wage. I've lost all hope and passion for life, and have no urge to get it back. I've resigned to a horrific death in the near future to release me of these earthly pains forever. If you read any of the above, I really appreciate it. If not, that's cool too. I'm just venting out my life story and my plans for the near future.