I don't know what to do, I see no future, I want to end this foreverI've always had depression and anxiety, it was sometimes worse, sometimes better. But I see no future anymore... it's been like this for years... I kept trying to think positively, or sit with my feelings and accept them but I just hate how things are. I can't stand myself. I wish I was never born,I hate everything.... no matter how much I do, it is all futile. People will always be horrible. Most if not all people in this world is horrible. People kill one another, harm anyone they can, no matter what life form. This species is utterly disgusting. Even if I tried to accept it as it is, I still hate myself... I hate to know all that I know. Ignorance is bliss. The pain is too much... all day every day it's pain and suffering and loneliness.... I hate it. All these stupid self help pages say that people care about you, well noone fucking cares about me. All these sites stating that they're there to help for you just keep repeating the same lines they tell to everyone else, noone actually knows me or cares about me. Why do these people even try to save others in this horrible situation?  
Ive never been loved, I'd die to know what it feels like to be safe for once, loved, accepted the way I am, having a close connection with someone. I would think I'm a good person, just in a lot of pain, yet I can't find anyone who would even be interested in me just a bit. I do the right things whenever I possibly can, I stand up forvictims of abuse even though I could fall into the spiral and be abusive like anyone else who have been abused in their childhood daily like I was. I'm completely neglected, always have been, I'm starving to be loved but there's noone. I'm not important, noone gives a fk about if I live or die. My mother is incapable of feeling like a human, she constantly abuses me mentally and then does like nothing happened, I could be thrown out on the street anytime, I have no other family and no friends literally. I have nowhere to go, and my fking crippling anxiety and gender dysphoria doesn't even let me work. I'm just abused no matter where I go, I can't be myself. I'd rather die. I see no future in this.  
People say there's always help... I've been trying to ask for help, even tho it took me a lot... but I've been sent away. I was deemed to be too broken, they couldn't fix... I fck up every relationship just by being myself and I'm not rude ffs. I'm so frustrated that I'm always being the good guy and all I get is this loneliness, pain, ans all that crap.  
I spend my days numbing my brain but it seems to work less and less... I can't get out of this. I wish I could just get a gun but it's impossible. I just want to end this suffering... I wish the world would see how much suffering it causes. Just glancing on this forum I see so many suffering. Who is there to give a fk...  
I just wanted a normal family, a place to belong... a few friends or at least one, but noone actually gives a sht...  
I find myself googling how to kill myself more and more often. I wish I could just fall asleep and never wake up... be at peace forever, I can't live like this... this world is unbearable