I can't find the logic in lifeIt starts out with hope, I always get a spark of light and I try to turn my life around. But this time, I don't see things as a turning point, I see it as a hill, that I'm already on the peak of and the only way to go is down. 
I've been dealing with depression since I was nine years old, most likely before then but nine was when I first tried to take my life. I tied a piece of fabric around my ceiling fan, but it didn't support my weight, or maybe I didn't tie it tight enough.
Before then, my life was normally bad, not way out there but also not too kind. Sexual abuse, physical abuse, mental abuse, parents fighting, and that sort of thing. It wasn't till I was 10 that things got worse, both of my parent had cancer, my mother survived and my father did not. Since then I've been neglected, abused, hurt so many times that I daily have flash backs to events that happened years ago. I can't escape it because all I've known has been that 1. I'm ugly 2. I'm stupid 3. No one cares 4. My life isn't that bad, I'm over exaggerating or "people" have it worse. 

Fast forward a few years and I make it out of the house, I'm going to college, I go crazy alittle bit. But I'm a good way, I learned how to socialize and how to start to think better about myself. But then I start drinking and I fuck up my relationships and I'm forced to come to college near home. 

I get into an abusive relationship, one of the only parents I have left almost dies again. And it's around that point where I decide that I'm going to try to be a doctor. 

I've always cared about people, I'm smart even though my grades haven't always reflected that. And I want to make a difference. So for a year, I worked on parenting myself. I would say things like "I want to be the type of person who brushed their teeth twice a day" and I learned how to take care of my hair. I learned how to dress myself and carry myself. I learned how to humble myself and how to apologize and connect with people. I got back to school and I killed it, my grades where awesome in harder classes.

Then about a week ago, I lost it. But this time it's different. I've been so up and down over the past few years that I don't see these upward trends as a path, but as a fluke. Because in reality, I'm not good enough to be a doctor. I have too many mental health issues and almost no family structure. The only person who I have is my boyfriend, but I often disappoint him. 

I'll wrap this up pretty quickly, my main point is that I have no reason to live. I haven't found meaning in my life and I can't force it. I've tried, I've given it a good shot. But I'm not cut out for this.