My honest thoughts.For a bit of background I'm a 16 yo (boy, man?) male I live in the U.K. And it's currently 2:34 am at the time of writing.

I don't really know where to begin, I suppose the best place would be roughly a year ago, I was 15 I had just finished school (I got moved up a year) for my gcses I got a c in maths and English, an A in science, a b in history, a b in computer science and a d in DT. I was always really interested in computers and science so I decided to go for a computer science a level as well as other a levels. However due to my c in maths and english this simply wasn't an option. I think this was the start of my depression, it was a hard pill to swallow. So I started a btec in computing, but it simply didn't engage me I just couldn't apply myself, so I dropped out, partially due to the mounting work I couldn't bring myself to do, I probably could've done it if I'd applied my self but regardless I fucked it up much like the GCSEs.
After that I started an online course in other GCSEs subjects as well as a retake in maths, both I yet again fucked up due to a lack of application. Now I'm here, doing an apprenticeship in business for my dads company for the next year.
In general I feel that every opportunity I've had I've fucked up because I'm a useless ugly piece of human trash. I've never been in a relationship, I'm a shutin, a typical /r9k/ user.
You only get one shot at life, I've fucked up mine, so I may as well end it now, nip it in he bud, before it goes any further. At least I'll be in less pain now then I would when I die roughly 60 years later. I had so much promise in school, I felt smart, and I was actually pretty optimistic, but that has been drained out of me.

Every bad decision I've made will be crystallised in time there's no changing that no going back no second chances, just the eternal abyss of death, I may as well get it over with, now rather than later.

What's the point of going on if I will just fuck everything up I'm a useless fat ugly piece of shit, I don't necessarily want to kill my self but I want to stop living. Do you want to know what's really funny? Every person I meet I lie to about my self if I don't have to disclose information, I will lie and say I'm actually in college, I pretend to be the person i might have been. 

I fill my life with meaningless games, memes trash whatever. Tonight it's finally worn off. The distractions have ended.



The only way from here is down I may aswell jump and get it over with.