I just don't want to be anymoreI (23F) never thought I'd live past 18, and sometimes I feel like everything was supposed to end there. 

I never had a good life. I was the middle daughter of an abusive mother and a father that liked to run when things got "hard". My older sister is a mess (drugs, in and out of jail, abusive herself, etc), and my younger brother was petted on by our mother her whole life. I graduated high school by the skin of my teeth, and was prevented from going to college by my mother however she could stop me. 

I ended up "running away" to my father's (and stepmother's) a week after I turned 19. My mother dislocated my knee and left me with a few bruises when I finally left. I didn't have the grades to get into college really, and even if I did I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life. I started into a cycle of minimum wage retail jobs while trying to earn my father's approval. Only he has probably spent my life disappointed in me never doing enough, and I finally figured out I was never going to do so. 

At the end of August I moved across the country to live with one of the few friends I still had hoping I would get a new beginning. Only it turns out my friend made some bad life decisions herself, and ended up becoming a stoner factory worker without any inclination to keep her life livable (doesn't clean anything [includes the apartment, herself, or even her car], wastes all of her money on weed for her and her girlfriend, and is content to spend all her free time laying around the apartment). I've tried to adjust out here, and make better choices in my life (walking more, drinking less, and trying to save money).

 Though it isn't working. I'm not even able to keep a job at the moment, and I'm trying to go through temp agencies so I'm not living off minimum wage (though at this point any money is better than no money). Only the temp places are giving me wrong hours, jobs I'm not actually qualified for, or just messing up things before I can even get on at a place (the last place offered me a job friday that started on monday, and the drug test they scheduled me for on saturday didn't go through until today (tuesday) and the job they offered me won't start training again for another month. 

I'm running out of money, I'm starting to realize I'm not going to be happy anywhere I go, and I don't see any hope for my future. 

I'm an awful person. I'm cowardly and let everyone walk all over me without complaint. I have no idea how to stand up for myself let alone prevent people from hurting someone else. I have no skills or any prospects besides scanning groceries, and I don't know of anything I have to offer the world. I can't even say I'm attractive enough to offer my looks. I'm a tall fat chick that doesn't even have a "pretty face" to compensate for my weight. 

I'm just tired of everything. If I disappeared it wouldn't really effect anyone or anything. I just don't know why I shouldn't just do that. We all die in the end, and I don't have anything in my  life worth staying for really. 

Its been so long since I've felt anything but empty. I just don't feel anything anymore, and I wish I could. I wish I could say my life was worth living, but it really isn't. I'm useless, a waste of space, and most people just wave it away when I say anything about it. 

Maybe everything will be better when I'mgone. 