I don’t want to wake up anymore.Ups and downs. Constant. Wanting to fit in, find a friend, find someone. Wanting to have a family. Wanting to have a place. Wanting to feel full. Constant emptiness, throughout my whole life. 

Trying to commit suicide since I was 11 years old. 
When does it end? How many more years of torment must I go through before I get the option to take my life when it’s my life? 

Borderline Personality Disorder coupled with depression and anxiety makes life an utter bitch. People bully me for my personality disorder. It makes them walk on eggshells, when all I’ve ever wanted was to be loved and cherished. Or at least felt like I was. 

Nothing is ever interesting, or fun. I never do anything except watch youtube, browse Reddit, play video games. And repeat, and repeat and repeat. I haven’t slept well in weeks. I think being in quarantine is adding to it, though I live quarantined even without government orders. 

What the fuck is wrong with me? Why doesn’t anyone want to be with me, or be my friend? I think I’m a nice enough girl. I love art, music, video games, I make jokes all the time. But maybe the jokes are just a mask. Why don’t you like me? Why can’t I fit in? Why does this shit always happen? I haven’t been TRULY happy since before age 10. I’ve just basically come to terms with the fact that I’m going to shoot myself. Everyone in my life is none the wiser. Maybe I want someone to notice. Maybe I just want them to stay away and let me. I’ve known since I was a little girl I’d die young. First I told myself I’d kill myself on my 13th birthday, then 15th, then 16th... and so on. But it never works. It always fails. Something happens and I don’t end up dead. 

I’m touch starved, too. I want a hug. A genuine, warm, melt-in-your-arms hug. But I know damn well it’d make me cry my eyes out, and I know nobody wants their shirt wet. I just have so much bullshit and baggage within me that I can’t free myself of. I push everyone away, but at the same time, people leave me too. I haven’t had anyone truly stay except my one friend, Ben, God bless his soul. I want nothing but the best for him. And I know it would hurt him when I kill myself, but I just want him to know and accept that i’m pretty much a young adult, and it’s my life and i can make those decisions for myself. I’m trying to figure out how to put on my medical file that if I happen to be dying for some reason, I don’t want to be resuscitated.

I’m just so tired. Just so god damn, everloving fucking tired. Exhausted. 

Peace out I guess.

-C