I've lost it all."If I cared what people thought about me, I would commit suicide if I understood what it meant."

I realized that by the time I was three, I knew that there wasn't any joy to living; I couldn't put the words to describe the feelings. The reason was that I had to go to a school to learn how to talk. I was shy with people, and always pointed at things to get what I want. The school didn't help me that much, except that now I have an unnaturally loud voice that gets into people's faces when I speak. What I should've known was that I couldn't put those thoughts into action, mostly because I didn't understand, nor did I have the capability to do so.

"Every person born is another competitor in this world."

Elementary school at a young age was no different matter. I didn't make friends because no one liked me for who I am. To most people, I'm a boring person who isn't worth their time in talking to because I was smarter than most of the class. I was put into a gifted class in first grade, but there was nothing that came out of it. I didn't understand why I shouldn't be ahead of others, I finished my exams faster, and got top scores without trying. Boredom set in, and without any friends, I tend to lurk in the corner, trying to go to the library to learn more.

By second grade, I already hated school so much that I wanted to kill the chancellor of the Board of Education, and started plotting ways to kill him. Of course, that didn't come to fruition because I didn't have supreme willpower to execute such a plan. Learning about Columbine helped me see, where in fact they didn't kill enough people. I had to revise my plan now to inflict more damage. I'd estimate at killing 30 people would be sufficient for my plans then. Plus, I had a sparkle of hope thinking that things will be better in the future. 

Third grade was painful to me in a sense that I had to work with another person for the science project. Science projects were awful in the sense that I couldn't create an experiment given what I had; I made up an easy experiment and fixed the results. I never got good grades in future individual projects mostly because I never had the proper tools to begin with.

"If I had to choose between a life where I'd be alone forever with everything I want versus a life with people but have nothing, I would commit suicide the instant that my life was headed towards the latter."

There was a psychological evaluation for every student by the time I was in fourth grade. I knew about suicide back then, and I wanted to do it, but I still had a glimmer of hope that things will be better. The weekend before the evaluation, I went to the library to read about World War I and World War II, mostly because I was interested in war history and how much carnage the world had created. The nuclear bombs that were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki enthralled me, as they were weapons that could instantly wipe out an entire city.

Of course, my feelings at the time were about being alone in solitude. When I blurted out that statement to the psychologist, he was baffled at that statement. My parents were angry with me because they were called to school and punished me for making those statements. The school enacted a plan with having "play dates" with other people in the class. I knew, at that instant that I could never truly express myself ever again for fear of punishment. Later that night, I contemplated on running on the highway or jumping in front of a train to commit suicide. I decided not to only because I had to lie to myself that things were going to be better.

"New challenges and experiences await, except that no one told me that it involved burning bridges."

One would think that by going to a Junior High School with new people would change my mind on how the people would act. Suffice to say, this made my life even worse as I tried to be myself. More projects that needed to be done, more group work where I had to carry the rest of my group, and I had less interest with hobbies that I used to enjoy. Every morning, I would wake up and have this mental exercise of  saying to myself, "Why haven't I committed suicide today?" Eventually, I knew the answer was nothing, and that I was weak because I could not go against the human instinct to live. I need to overcome this in order to be stronger, like all those who committed suicide before me.

High School was different, in the sense that I did get some contact with other people, mostly by not trying to be myself. Sure, I was disgusted with myself for acting this way, but the principle I had in mind was "use and abuse" relationships to get what I want. Also, I'd see rampant cheating on exams in order to get into top-tier universities where no one would get caught and punished. Realizing this by my senior year, I needed to come up with a plan to promote justice and equality, but there wasn't  a way to show this.

"One can't start immediately with such a grand goal, one must meticulously plan ahead and see to it come to fruition."

During the day that the VT shooting came on the air, the reported number of dead was at 32. Now my moving target just pushed higher, and that to make a name for myself, I needed to kill 50. People joked that I would become the next shooter, where I fit perfectly with the shooter's mentality, and looks as well. Luckily, things died down and I didn't act upon my urges. 

Shooter Mentality: This isn't about bullying, or racism that drives these people to commit acts of atrocities. The only things that matter is that they are depressed, and they think that society has effectively rejected them from this world. No one can find out about these people because they are mostly invisible to the rest of us. Most exhibit signs of hostility towards themselves, but unless someone looks at their life closely, one will choose to ignore the signs. The shooters who act are acting out of anger, attempting to fit into a place where they want to belong in this world. This is much easier than accepting that he/she is going to be alone for the rest of their lives, and living their life that way is torture for someone who wants to belong.

"The keystone is alone at the top."

Of course, people who continuously cheated throughout high school tended to get into better schools, and most of them got into the Ivy Leagues. I felt a slight resentment towards them, but what I should've realized was that I needed to game the system to my benefit. Unfortunately, I learned this lesson too late as I didn't do this at college either.

I chose to go to a state university instead of a few private ones because I would have less debt to pay off in the future.  While this plan worked, I hoped to go with a path of internship-job during my junior-senior year. However, no employer wanted to speak with me even though I had comparable credentials with everybody else. I know this because I looked through other people's resumes to compare myself. Feeling dejected at the prospect of no job coming out of college after applying for 134 applications for jobs and internships, compounded with the Global Recession, I had to realize that I bargained with myself for too long.

"Why do you think almost all literature have a dystopian future? This isn't a coincidence."

I needed a new reason to continue living after college; that is where cost-benefit analysis comes in.  Selfishness comes into play, and as long as I got the benefit, and having other people pay the cost, I would survive out of spite towards my family. 

After graduating, I started looking for work with companies, going to job fairs, and meeting new people through networking. This has gone on for about a year now, and after applying for 100 positions in-person, and about 800 applications online, I have been soundly rejected at various points in the hiring process, or even worse, not hearing a response. Every day, I look at the news and be disillusioned at what I've become, an abject failure. I've always considered myself as a failure, but this is a new low for myself. Currently, I work part-time self-employed with my investments and odd jobs such as babysitting and tutoring.

Also, I heard that my dad was going to lose his job in a couple of weeks, so now would be a great time to commit suicide, as the cost-benefit analysis is showing that the benefits aren't going to be much anymore. The biggest question is whether I should go out with a bang or a whimper. 

Well, that's it. If I don't get a full-time position in two weeks, then you'll know what choice I made.

"Fear is weakness, weaknesses must be exploited."