Now what?It has been about 2 years since my wife developed a drinking problem. It is the strangest thing. She doesn’t even drink a lot. She has as little as a small grass of wine and becomes Mr. Hyde. She has been abusive to our three children and myself during these episodes. She has been hospitalized for the drinking and mental health issues on two occasions. We have been together for 15 years. I love her. Damn do I love her.

Starting in early February I tried to leave on a couple occasions. On the most recent occasion, I slept with a woman other than my wife for the first time in our relationship. It was fairly good sex but shortly after parting ways for the night it occurred to me that I don’t want to sleep with anyone other than my wife. Sex without love just doesn’t seem worth it. I love my wife. I went home. Things were good for a week or so.

We had been dealing with a stressful housing situation for several months and that finally ended. We had a day off together. The kids were in school and we just spent the day together in bed. No sex just being together. It was great. The next day she went to work and had a glass of wine at lunch. Mr. Hyde came home and we argued. I tried my damndest to keep her together but she left. Took a cab to her mom’s and called me a couple days later begging for another chance. I told her that I loved her and that I would always give her another chance. She said her mom would bring her home the next day. The next day came and she wouldn’t answer the phone. She text me that night to say that she wasn’t coming home. She said she was tired of disappointing me and that she knew deep down that she would never stop the drinking. I drove down to her moms house to find out she went to his house.

He is a person she had described as her little brother. He was a part of a friends group she ran with as a kid/teenager. He has spent 12 of the last 15 years in and out of prison. Forgery, car theft, burglary, aggravated assault and theft round out his activities. These days it isn’t hard for inmates to get cell phones and 2 years ago I noticed that she posted this on his Facebook.

“Miss you! Thinking of you all and I hope you are doing okay. I dreamed of you last night, so I hope all is well. xoxo”

I thought that was inappropriate for a married woman to send to another man and I asked her to stop talking to him. She agreed and complied for a couple years until he was released on 2/17/2020. She started talking to him at work or when I left the house. I found out but she just reiterated that he was just like a little brother. When I found out that she went to him. I lost it. I drove to California and got stupid stoned. I walked a hole in my thighs pacing miles down the beach. She called me right as I got back in my truck. She called me a coward for leaving the kids with her mom. Ran me down some more and guilted me into returning to northern Arizona. I got home at 3am. She was sleeping next to her phone and I picked it up, read her text to him and knew they where romantic. I woke her. She told me it was over. I begged. She was steadfast. I told her I couldn’t live without her. She was steadfast. She ran out of the house and I walked away, got in my truck and called the Suicide Prevention Hotline. (what a joke that is) They sent the police to the house and she tried to coax me home with the police listening in on speaker phone. I knew better and drove to Phoenix. I had a plan but didn’t want to die. I love myself, I love being a husband and a father. This was 2/25/2020.

She told me she was going to focus on herself. Learn how to be independent. We met when she was 18. I was 21. She had almost no life skills. I pretty much raised her. She was a ward of the state and her parents never prepared her for life neither did the state. She spent most of her teenage years in juvenile prison. She moved into a shelter in Northern AZ and I lived in my truck in Phoenix. The shelter kicked her out for testing positive for drugs. She pawned our kids off on her mom and moved in with him. Our business was over now as a result of all that had happened and I got a physically demanding job. I slept in my truck, showered at the gym and busted my ass. We talked. I tried to be a friend to her. I need her in my life. One night while I was working she called me and I walked away from the line and hid while talking to her. He pissed her off and she ran to me. I told her I would do whatever I had to do to get her back. We ended the conversation with 30 or so I love you’s back and forth. The next day she said she had no memory of that conversation. She was blacked out. I was doing okay before that. Then I was crushed. Again. She text me later that night to tell me that our 13 year old daughter had stole her grandmas pot and given it to my wife. I called my daughter on my lunch break and she told me that my wife had put her up to it. Going so far as to boost my daughter into an unlocked window to go get this pot. Who was this person? It was totally out of character. I turned her in and went and got my babies. That was 3/7/2020.

It was easy to pretend to hate her after that. I felt better about having lost her as she wasn’t the same person anymore. I ignored her texts. I made arraignments for my daughters to stay at their respective best friends and my son and I stayed with a friend. Last weekend she called me to ask if I could locate her phone. She got into it with him. Left his house, drank a half gallon of vodka and somehow fell and broke a rib. Come to find out he was pushing her to file for divorce and she wasn’t ready. My mother-in-law told me that this asshole used to beat his mom. It has become obvious that he is trying to isolate her. He is pretty much going through the check list of shit that abuses do to trap their victims. I love my wife.

I don’t know what to do. My job is on hiatus because of Corona. My wife is wrapped up in a psycho. My kids are begging me to fight for full custody. I’m basically homeless. I’m suicidal. I need to run. If I keep doing this I’m afraid I will kill myself or him. If I leave her the kids and run they will hate me and probably end up in state custody. I want to run. I’m useless to my kids like this.