M/13, clueless.Hello. My name is mateusz and i'm a half polish half british 13 year old boy. Sorry if this will sound like a rant or i repeat myself but my mind is fucked rn

I know i dont need to go into detail about ny story and all because i know there are lots like it but i feel alone. i use humour as a coping mechanism for my depression and anxiety. I am mostly a shutin(i sit at home playing video games to escape from it all) and achieve no social interaction.

I dont know what to do, cant think straight.
I honestly dont know why i still half-assedly try to get myself through the days because its not worth it in the long run. I will never achieve happiness nor do i deserve it because of the huge burden i am on everybody around me. My family hates me. They treat me like shit. Im not complaining either because thats just the reality of things. I know how my fate is already sealed and i know that i will one day be courageous enough to off myself and make everyones lives and the world better.

I do not consider myself desperate but i always just imagine to myself what life would be like in about 10 years time and its not looking good. I have tried opening up to people but they just dismissed me because i'm not worth it. By some i've been called 'dead inside' and i understand why because i've just stopped caring about anything. I'm not creative. I'm not attractive or in good physical form. I try to be a good person and to improve myself. I go as far as forgetting about myself to make others days better or try to make others days better but i dont understand what i must've done in a past life to be like this. Don't get me wrong, i have things to be happy about and i am extremely grateful for them, though i might not always show it. I just have no idea how to make it all go away because i'm 13 and i've been suicidal for quite some time now, i'm surprised ive held onto myself for this long but i know things wont get better like people say because as they say when youre at rock bottom theres only one way to go from there:up and its not the case with me. I'm looking for a way to just leave this world and make everyone much happier with my abscence. There are just so many thoughts running rampant in my mind and i can't think straight. I just want the pain of living to end. I know this whole post looks like me being edgy and attention seeking and im sorry about that but i just needed somewhere to get it out. Dont ask to pm or tell me to seek help because like ive said it wont matter because im just not good enough and im just not worth it.