I don't know what the future holds and it terrifies meI am not made for working. Traditional jobs for me, which for me and my experience consist of nothing but "unskilled labor" despite it being the most grueling, specific work, are absolute torture. I don't know if it's my mental illnesses, my inability to turn my brain off, or what but I fucking can't. The only thing at the end of the tunnel is the slight chance that my partner might one day get a job that could provide for both of us, but they struggle, too, and if our relationship ends, I'm fucking trapped. I dont think I'm good for them and despite things being okay I'm terrified they're going to leave me. I have no back up plan, I have no parents, no one to lean on to support me but myself amd I feel like dying every single fucking day.

When covid hit and i was stuck at home for a few months, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I was able to focus on myself and on coping and i felt inspired again, i started to draw again, i didnt dread waking up nearly as much because i had enough to live on for the moment, and i could coast amd just... sustain life for a bit. But then i had to go back tk work and had a panic attack for a month straight.

There is no better job that works for me, there is no fix to this solution, i do not qualify for anything due to me dropping out of highschool because of an abusive family and my own mental health issues. I do not cope well or fit into institutions like school or any job id have a fair chance at. 

I would rather die than continue to be forced into them. Im so fucking terrified that im going to have to should anything go wrong. Covid fucked up my plan to visit my so and end our long distance relationship. I dont know if ill even get the chance to now, the borders are long closed. I dread going back to work amd ive been crying for hours about it. I fucked up my ankle and im on my feet all day, and every day i come home with my ankle on fire. Im too poor to see a doctor about it. 

I just want to rest.