My girlfriend is depressed and suicidal, and I can feel myself falling apart as wellI know we're young, but please, this is a life and any advice could really help, so don't dismiss this post.

Before I met her, my girlfriend (from here on in: A) was trapped in two different relationships from when she was thirteen. Both of the guys she was with were physically, emotionally and sexually abusive, so they've really left an impact on her mental health. She is diagnosed to be depressed and socially anxious, for which she is currently on medication for both, but they don't always seem to help...

Onto the main post. When I met A she was still with a guy who'd she'd been dating for around two years (called T). For the first part of the relationship he was apparently a great guy, but after a while he became quite the asshole, even their friends knew something wasn't right but still none of them took any action. During the relationship (I don't know when) he also forced her to take part in various sexual favours including his scat fetish, essentially making her piss into his hand and forcing his fingers into her mouth. She has been too scared to talk to anyone about this but me (who she only told recently), for obvious reasons.

After talking to her for a while I eventually managed to convince her something wasn't right, and she later managed to break up with T. A few months later we began going out, but T began to spread rumours about her, and he still continues to do this to this day.

She began college in September, and a lot of people are hesitant to talk to her due to rumours they have heard, and she struggles to introduce herself due to her own anxiety. For these reasons she has only really talked to one or two people she knew from school.

Now here is the part I need help with.

Last Summer, while she was still going out with T (She broke up with him around November), I had to call her at around four in the morning to talk her out of the road. Being fifteen, I didn't have much experience with this kind of stuff, but I tried my best and somehow managed to talk her out of it. That November, she self harmed for the first time, and has carried on doing this since whenever stuff gets too much for her and I am not enough to stop her. Occasionally when I'm with her and we're talking about stuff, she might go into a panic attack, and I've sometimes had to physically hold her arms to stop her hitting herself in the head (This is probably the most distressing thing I've ever had to do). I regularly stay up till around one in the morning reasoning with her as to why she shouldn't self harm or end her own life, and I feel like my pleas are starting to fall on deaf ears.

Reddit, I'm begging for help because I don't know what to do or who to turn to. She doesn't want anyone to know, as her parents would **definitely** not react well to her suicidal thoughts, as they seem dismissive and even can get angry when they find out she is feeling depressed. It's tears me apart to see a new cut on her arm every time I meet her, and my biggest fear is to wake up to her not being alive. I don't know how much longer I can talk her   out of her thoughts, and it is difficult trying to act normal in front of friends and family when my mind is being torn apart, especially when I'm also trying to juggle my final year of school and GCSEs.

**tl;dr: My girlfriend is depressed and suicidal, and I'm the only real person she feels comfortable talking to about it. I can feel we're both falling apart as the days go by: what can I do to try and help?**