Someone Kill Me Before I Kill MyselfThis is probably gonna just be an ungrammatical mess of emotions but whatever so is everything else I write.
Basically the story goes that I've had suicidal thoughts since I was 11 (17 now) and I've never really gotten any treatment for it. I mean, I've never actually gone THROUGH with an attempt (Closest I've gotten is putting a pair of sccisors on my neck) but they're still THERE, and if my anxiety wasn't off the charts I would've been dead five years ago. When it first started happening my mom took me to a therapist but she pulled me out after two sessions. I was never really sure WHY exactly, most of the time she says it was because I didn't do the work (which was a total lie) but now recently she's been telling me that it was because I flat out told the therapist that I was afraid of death, which... was somewhat true, if I was gonna do all this now I would've mentioned my anxiety more frequently in the sessions because it seems that it's the main mental illness in my head. The thing is though that I never mentioned anything about my fear to the therapist.
My mom's always been dismissive of my problems. She literally uses the "Other people have it worse" and "You're just on your period" arguments. Lately I'm being to realize that she's also a gaslighter, and tells me all the time about what a shit memory I have. She throws me into these massive arguments, and when I tell her that I don't want to get involved, she just ignores me and shouts until eventually we both lose our voices. But when SHE doesn't want to argue, everyone's gotta pack up everything and GTFO in ten seconds. Just a couple weeks ago she told me that I was "trying" to mentally ill, and started mention all these things she'd done to help me, all these documents about yoga and mediation....
I never got a single thing.
It got to the point where I just ran out of the room crying. About twenty minutes later my dad made me go back in there and my mom kinda-sorta apologized. She still made the whole thing seem like my fault, but hey, neither of them ever apologize for anything so I'm pretty grateful for it.

But now.... things are starting to get bad again, which is the reason I made this post in the first place.
I'm... starting to get fantasies about killing people.
I'd never actually go through with the act, I swear to Christ, but whenever I've been getting upset or angry I get these daydreams where I'm beating someone to death or snapping their neck. Sometimes it's by accident, other times it's intentional. They all usually end with me commiting suicide to avoid getting caught by the police and me texting my friends my social media's account information so they can tell my followers what happened.
Another popular fantasy is for me to come up to someone with a gun/knife and ask them to kill me. When they tell me no, (They always say "No.") I attack them and they end up murdering me in self-defense.
I don't really know what it all means. I read on some website that it's a sign of "deep psychological distress," but it also mentioned that it's a sign of severe OCD which I don't have any other symptoms for.
I know this didn't make any sense probably (not even sure if this is the right subreddit), but I legit don't have anywhere else to turn to. My parents won't get me treatment, I'm homeschooled so there's no guidance councilor or whatever I can talk to, and if I divulge too deeply to the few friends I have left they'll probably just get in contact with my parents again and we'll be right back to where I started.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
