Should a suicidal person have a gun if they have a partner who will protect them from it?So my boyfriend has bipolar disorder and has also had a few suicide attempts since we have been dating (3 years) I also want to say I'm 27 and hes 32 because I feel like it matters know that on these posts..we also live together.  Anyway he takes medication and sees a talk therapist as well as psychiatrist. He has been jobless for several months  now and it's been grating on his self esteem. However, he just got a job with amazon as their on site medical rep making $21 an hour. The first few days of just training he came home depressed and worried that he wasnt cut out for the job. I told him to keep giving it another try as it is just a temp job for now and they may not even keep him so I encouraged him to at least finish out the two months and give it a chance. So now we are in the first actual week of work there and Monday he was very very depressed and told me he was going to buy a gun and shoot himself very soon.... two days later he started his job and after the very first night came back and was happy as could be, no longer wanting to kill himself and hes now worked 4 days since then and is still happy. However, last night he confided that he had bought a gun online and it had been sent to him already. Hes now had it for 3 days, and said that he loves guns so much and is actually happy to finally own one again because he feels like somebody again. He used to shoot guns with his family a lot and this means something to him. Of course I was extremely mad and threatened to break up because I just cant take the uncertainty of the future with him knowing he is perfectly capable of killing himself at any time now and theres nothing I can do to stop it. I feel so unstable. He told me that he would either sell it or that I could be responsible for it and keep the lock on it. For now we have decided on him keeping it and me keeping the lock on it in case we go to a gun range together or something. Is this a bad idea to anyone? Need some advice from anyone whose ever experienced this.