Need Some Encouragement(This account is a throwaway).
I just need some encouragement I guess. I'm pretty alone here. I moved here to be with my husband and his family after I got out of the military 6 or so years ago.

(My bio family isn't exactly gay friendly)

This year has been awful. I haven't been physically well for one day. After never having any health issues in my life, I went to the ER for the first time due to intense stomach pains. The only thought going through my mind the entire time was how I can't afford this, even as I thought I was dying.

Yes I'm American.

I have insurance but there's no way I can afford a $3300 medical bill (plus we just had a $1000 car bill) as my employer cut my hours in half after the 1st of the year. Yesterday, I was informed that next week I'd only be getting one 4-hour shift and I lost my damn mind. There was yelling, I threw an item and stormed out like a child (thankfully before the business opened). 

I was informed today that I have been terminated. 

I've been fired from a job for the first time in my life. I'm in my 30's and I can't even hold down a job as a stock boy. 

I've struggled with depression for so long but I've never had the money to see anyone. Or when I did, things seemed fine. It was awful telling my husband but he is trying to be positive about it--"you stood up for yourself," "you're going to get a better job," "everything is going to be ok."

I don't know if that's true--like I don't know in my heart. It's a nice thing to hear but I don't really believe it.

I can't stop thinking about how much better my husband and family would be without me. These awful thoughts won't leave my head and I believe them. Every second is a struggle to not go to the garage. I don't know what to do. 

With this depression I feel like I can't even stand up let alone "shake it off" and get going. I am not in control here and that is terrifying.

I feel so broken compared to the guy that was in Iraq getting shot at/rocketed/mortared and remained calm as a cucumber. I feel like I'm bad at life and I just don't want it anymore. I don't want to feel like this. I feel like suicide would bring peace and finally these awful feeling would just stop. I know that's selfish.

I'm rambling now so I'll stop. Thank for reading.