Idk what to do 😔 I just want to dieGrowing up I always told my mom something wasn't right...  I knew everything I felt wasn't 'normal' fast forward to years later. I was raped by an ex, when I went to get tested for std's I was crying on the table, the doc told me I was just depressed (not the case, it's just I was being reminded of what happened) he put me on an antidepressant anyways. It made me feel horrible so I stopped taking it and instantly became suicidal (I didn't know you couldn't just stop those meds it wasn't explained to me) I ended up checking myself Into a hospital because I was feeling extremely suicidal. There I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. Since then ive been in and out of the hospital. There was a 3 year stretch when life was good. I had a baby who was diagnosed with Down syndrome and she gave me a purpose in life, she needed me.... when she started school though, things started going downhill again. And over the last six months, I've been obsessed with the idea of killing myself. I'm head over heals in love with the guy I'm seeing but I'm so afraid to get hurt. I can't imagine not having him in my life (I got close to him fast, then put up a wall to distance myself) but because I'm so afraid I'm having trouble letting him back to being close to me. He knows I struggle with suicidal thoughts... but I don't want to struggle anymore. I feel like it's not getting better and he's suffering from it... I just want him to be happy and I feel like I can't make him happy because I'm always depressed (also been diagnosed with depression and mood disorder recently) I really just want to end my life, but 1.) I don't want anyone getting hurt and 2.) I'm actually afraid that last minute I'll change my mind (which has happened before and made me feel like even more of a failure) if I had just done it everyone would have moved on by now and healed.... but instead everyone is stuck with me... I just want it over. I don't want to struggle with this. I hate my mind, I hate the way it works... I just want the pain to stop... suicide just seems like the quick and easy way, and I'm exhausted from this fight.... idk what to do... please... someone.. anyone. Help!