A world full of lies.Some of us manage to fight, we go on, even if the fight is just a holding action knowing the same shit will happen tomorrow, we all find our own reasons to continue, many are amazed that I continue with:

I understand why some can't.

We are taught in school that doing the right thing gets rewarded,

We are taught by the church that being a good person will lead to a good life or end,

Society teaches us from an early age that Doctors can fix anything until they can't,

Every movie, book and TV series we watch out of Hollywood shows us that even though bad things happen to good people both the good guys and bad guys get just  rewards and death only happens for a reason or at the end of a good life.

But the world isn't like that in real life, I suspect this is part of the reason I spend my life now in game worlds because no matter how harsh that game world is the game logic makes sense, the quest always gets a reward.

Far Far more sense than our world

A world where I held my Girlfriends hand who would become my Wife at 21 as she was told the cancer was incurable and the medication to keep it away would slowly destroy her body and kill her.

A world where I spent 21 years trying to make her smile every day as her body literally fell apart in front of me.

A world where I had to stand in a room and tell the amazing doctors and nurses to stop trying to bring her back after the second cardiac arrest (her heart was only functioning at 14% before that) 

A world where I had to deal with Bi-polar type 2, PTSD, ADHD and higher functioning autism alone once she died.

A world where 7 days after she died I was diagnosed with bowel cancer.

I am lucky, my channel, my streaming and vlogging, trying to make other people smile, it is enough for me to fight each day, knowing my Wife fought for every damn day of life and appreciated life so much.

But I understand when you can no longer fight, the world can be full of beauty but also pain and suffering.

I can't provide solutions, can't promise anyone tomorrow or next year will be better, 2020 seems like the prelude in all those Armageddon movies, we look to mars and maybe 500,000 years ago this happened to them as well.

Some of us will fight on, some not, all I can say is you are not alone and some of us understand.