What else can I do to talk with my coworkerSo quick brief. I tried to kill myself in 2017, I was admitted to a hospital and found out I was bipolar.

Fast forward to now, I do everything I can to help people with depression and mental illnesses get help.

I'm in leadership at my work and I'm worried about the other guy on my team. A position above us opened up and we both applied, we've both talked about it and how were fine with anyone getting it.

Around this time a girl broke up with my coworker and we were talking outside and he mentioned feeling numb to everything and no emotions to anything. He's been more aggrevated at work, he's been shouldering me out of my normal responsibilities, gets mad when he can't figure something out, and has just seemed.. off.

We talked today for about 45 minutes so he knows the change has me stressed and I feel like I'm useless when he's here as of recently and he thinks it's easier when only one of us is there. We've both interviewed for the position already, 3 weeks ago or so, and since then it's just been different. Anyway during our talk I let him know how I feel and he was not really as responsive as he normally is when we have talks to try and better our work relationship and we both know where we stand.

I brought up the "numb to everything" and said that being someone whose attempted suicide and talked with others suicidal I was worked about him. He responded with "oh I wouldn't try that, I'd just fail at that too and then be mad about that." I'm trying to be really supportive, I'm trying to setup a trip outside of work where he and I can go fishing for a weekend, texting him about personal stuff off the clock and becoming friends if I can. He's been saying he needs more friends, be smart with his life, and etc. But he just kept talking about being numb, a failure, tired of working where we work at because "it's all bullshit" etc.

I'm confused at what to do, I've told with another supervisor who knows him personally too and he said he just gets this way but I rather not have him feeling like this.

Am I wrong for thinking he's suicidal and if not what else can I do to support him that isn't going to cause even more stress on me? I've got a good support base and I'm on medication now so I'm not worried about my mental health but I'm really worried for him, I'm afraid if he doesn't get this position it might set him over the edge. 



TLDR; friend applied for same job as me, attitude seems to have changed recently, makes statements of being "numb to the world" and when asked about suicide responded with "I'd be a failure at that too and get mad". Very negative about life and the company we work for suddenly.