im losing my grip on everythinghi, I'm a senior in hs and working full time. ive been struggling with acute depressive disorder and severe anxiety for the last couple of years. every passing day seems to deteriorate my will to live a little bit more. everything is going fine with work, but school is stressing me the hell out right now. the remote learning system that we're forced to use seems to only work for kids who get to live at home with no responsibilities. it feels rigged against me. no matter how hard i try, i cant keep up with the curriculum and my grades are tanking fast. i keep trying to tell myself to keep going so i can chase my dreams but its getting more and more out of my reach. i feel like a total failure and disgrace to my family. i want to reach out and ask for help but i just cant. i dont know what stops me from seeking out help. i want all of this pain to stop. my moods fluctuate from decent to horrible so quickly and i hate it. i cant have a decent day anymore at this point. every day i wake up, i wish i had died in my sleep. i have nothing to live on for. i want my happiness back. i want to feel alive again. but i just feel like a lifeless husk. im scared to talk to anyone about my problems because if i told them, im worried they would send me to some mental hospital. i just want to die. i want that sweet kiss of death so badly. life let me down and i let everyone around me down. nobody should have to have the misfortune of interacting with me. i have no reason to go on. i want to die i want to die i want to die. ive heard lethal doses of morphine are the best way to pass painlessly but i dont know where to get it. i just want death, or happiness. ill take either. i lost the only person that made me happy long ago and we dont speak anymore sadly. she royally fucked my mental health up, and even though she told me that none of it was my fault, i still feel like im the one to blame. im sorry if all of this is difficult to follow, im in the midst of a panic attack at work at the moment. i don't know what to do anymore, and suicide feels like my only option.