Pretty sure girlfriend is the only thing keeping me from this but beginning to think she doesn't care enough anyway.I'm seriously running out of energy. I just...don't know what to do anymore. I came out to my family twelve years ago and it destroyed us. I still believe the only reason they didn't actively disown me or kick me out was because they're more concerned with their face in such a small community and it would leave a stain on what everyone else sees as some perfect good Catholic household.  There are other things making it worse that I don't want to go into since this isn't a throwaway--probably in the odd hope someone I know stumbles on this. I don't know.

Anyway I've been unemployed since graduating from college. I feel completely unhirable. The few callbacks I get don't go anywhere and refuse to explain why they went with someone else. I have no support from family. No income at all. Basically what I get is trickling in from gradually selling off the few possessions I have month to month. Soon I'm going to run out of things to put up for sale and then I really have no idea what to do. I need money to leave this town to actually find work but I need work to get the money in the first place, and I can't even get hired by shit like McDonalds or Best Buy or some shit retail.

My family is and has been completely unsupportive of any endeavor I try to go into, so nothing I do really takes off at all. Of course I'm dirt poor so I can't go back to school for some more useful degree that would at least get me work even if I'm fucking miserable in it. They basically forced me into college as is when I was graduating high school because "If you don't go to college you're worthless", never mind I was a late bloomer and had absolutely no clue what I wanted to do. They're constantly emotionally abusive, incredibly narcissistic, etc.

Pretty much the only thing that's kept me going is my long distance girlfriend. She's..flaky, but when she's here she tends to be very sweet and caring and I honestly do love her. She's incredibly smart, funny, but she just doesn't...*get* people. By her own admittance she's mildly "aspie", but she doesn't really want anyone to explain to her when she doesn't get something, and is vehemently opposed to being told what is and isn't normal.

She thinks nothing of just AFKing for inordinate amounts of time, she gets very bothered by "text" noises so poking her on Steam or even sending her more than very occasional text messages sets her off, and on top of that she's practically an insomniac or anemic or who even knows what, and thus sleeps basically until 3-4 every single day. Since she can often work from home she thinks nothing of this, except it leaves me, who due to my situation is pretty dependent, completely alone, surrounded by said family, for the majority of every day. And it drives me up a wall. The worst part of this is that she barely seems to care.

She refuses to see a doctor because she has no health insurance, so we have no idea if she *is* actually anemic or something else. She makes no attempts at actually trying to keep a normal sleep schedule as far as I can tell. We rarely get a chance for couples-sort-of-things anymore due to her being asleep all day and night is usually busy with other things. 

She just...doesn't seem to care anymore. And she refuses to ever have any adult talks about how things are going, changes that need made, etc. I mean I know I'm not perfect, obviously, and I know my dependency issues can be a lot to deal with, but she just...won't ever meet half way. Ever. And I don't know what to do. I spent most mornings and early afternoons in tears at various points, begging her to get up, begging her to give me some distraction from, well, *everything*, and I don't know how much more of this I can take without her making an effort to meet me in the middle on anything.

But I don't want to lose her even with all the issues. She makes me feel better when she *is* here. She's literally the only person in the world that makes me feel like I'm worth anything when she *is* here. She's generous with money despite being selfish in... behavior... And honestly she's like the only thing that keeps me from going through with all of this somehow. 

The hope we'll actually close the distance some way, I'll be away from family, it keeps me going. But it gets dimmer and dimmer and I don't want things to end and honestly I'm afraid of what I'll do to myself if they *do* end...I don't want to go through with this but I'm getting less and less reason to not.

I know this sounds incredibly whiny and childish like "Oh my god who kills themselves over a significant other you don't even know in person" but it's more than that. It's the fact she keeps me grounded through the complete hopeless shithole that is my "life" and without her to do so, well. I really have nothing else to look forward to. There is no light at the end of this tunnel, it seems.