Will mixing Klonopin and alcohol successfully kill me?**SCROLL ALL THE WAY DOWN TO SKIP THE DARK/SLIGHTLY THREATENING SOB STORY &amp; GET STRAIGHT TO THE QUESTION. 




Hi. Please just answer the question. Don’t try to save me or tell me it’ll be worth it, I’m an asshole, I’m a sociopath and a narcissist and I’ve messed up my relationship with the only person I cared about in the world. 20, female, rich family, college, but I don’t give a fuck that my parents gave me everything, I don’t care about anyone and always find something to hate about in everyone. I’m the devil him(her)self, feel no sympathy towards me, saying all of this is such a huge ego boost, but I’m a monster so don’t feel sympathy for me. I hurt people, string them along to drain their energy, waste their time, scar them emotionally and I can’t feel remorse. My only concern is taking and I can’t see anyone else’s point of view. Manipulating them into staying with me because I need their energy. I have no energy. Sit, watch, manipulate. That’s my personality. I have no remorse, empathy or regret—the only regret I feel is getting caught or wasting my time.  I am not a good person, and mask it like a master. Jesus on my necklace everyday. Everyday typical college girl. But no one knows who I reallly am, just the illusion that is prortrayed and now that the one person that I’ve ever experienced deep love, care, and feelings with, my favorite person, found out my truth, I can’t live with the pain of that loss. Nobody gives a fuck about me and I’m very ANGRY at the world, nobody helped me, no friends or family, no one. Ive come to a conclusion about a belief I’ve been contemplating about a lot—people don’t REALLY care about each other. Maybe 1-4 people, throughout your lifetime? And, that I am capable of doing something, something so terribly evil I can not mention on reddit or to anyone else in the world, and I would do with no regret remorse or empathy
So please, Reddit, don’t try to convince me to not take my life because if any of you really are moral people with values and good character, you wouldn’t want me to live.


Anyways!

I have only about 7.5mg of Klonopin tables and want to ask my older cousin to buy me a giant can of alcohol. I’ve never drank before. Are they called cans? There’s all these different bottles and cans, but I’m going to be wanting the strongest one so I guess a giant fancy bottle is my best bet then? Does anyone know what the strongest type of alcohol is?

^You don’t have to answer to those questions...

Anywho!

7.5mg Klonopin and a giant bottle of a strong alcohol (e.g. whiskey) in one night. Would it to the trick? 

The longer I am alive on earth the more people are in danger. I also don’t want to grow past 23 and look old! I like to gain power over others from my looks. Superficial charm. Intuition.  There is nothing more powerful than a beautiful young woman in college, other than a wealthy white gentleman or a white blonde mom in the suburbs with three kids and the name of Karen. I’ll read you like a book and sell you the best, most magical dream you could have ever imagined, and then slowly drain your energy and leave you confused, empty, trust issues, and yet still attached to me because I know just the right strings to pull and illusions to project to make myself seem harmless. The ego boost from this everything. I don’t care about anyone else. People are objects of manipulation. Everyone is selfish. They say hurt people hurt people and you’re goddamn right. 

Anyhow!

Don’t talk me out of it please, and that there’s still hope, there’s no hope, I am the devil himself. Imay be young. But I’m  capable of carrying out certain acts, fueled by many years of deeply surpressed anger and hatred towards everyone and the world, how evil people are, fueled by feelings of a supreme god-like power and control, fueled by ego and the need to have ultimate power and control and dominance. No individual, who has moral values and good character, or even a small inkling of one or the other, would want someone like me to “please get help” or “call the suicide hotline” (that btw just sends you directions to a local therapist. Like, thanks...Therapy is absolute bullshit. You need to look within yourself and find the answers and your truth. Get a Cancer, Pisces or Scorpio friend that cares about you as they are extremely emotionally intelligent enough to quickly learn about you and your patterns, to the root of the issue and help you heal with love, the highest vibrational frequency of all 🤓🤪)  

(Psychiatrists are cool though because it’s all more logical, and because of that more instantly beneficial and stable. Therapy is so uncertain and not worth the gamble, and the suicide hotline is a mess that just makes me want to croak even more just dealing with it.
Through my psych rn and from several psychiatrists in the past (let’s pull out this long list from the imaginary magical fairytale book of hidden sadness and secrets) I have been diagnosed with Bipolar 1 Disorder, Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD), a few qualities of Antisocial Personality Disorder, Narcissistic Personality Disorder, all of which are linked to sociopathy. At least I get the sadboi clout.

So now that we’ve established some background about myself, please tell me if the amount of Klonopin and alcohol that I listed above (7.5mg/a very strong bottle of hard liquor) Would successfully do the trick? 

PS: please don’t try to convince me to not do it. Iappreciate the words but I know theres almost ALWAYS an ulterior motive. If in rare cases not, though the intent may be to help make another person better or “save” them, but you will be doing the total opposite if you successfully convince me (which isn’t going to happen). I am deeeeeepply hurt beyond repair and the way I survive is by taking from people. Energy, time, love, emotions, validation, stability. And I don’t give a fuck because I’ve learned that doing the right thing gets you nowhere, people use you,take advantage, look down on you, play games, betray you... little life advice...2 types of people in the world. ;) 🤫

Anyways! 

Will the klonopin and liquor successfully complete the task? Zero tolerance for both. 5’1, 20 years of age and 101 pounds. 
just want to watch Avatar the Last Airbender out at the neighborhood park at night, and right as I’m starting to feel it I’m going to start to record my last final moments and send it to my ex best friend, telling her that the reason that I’m gone, the reason my family, “friends” and long term family friends will be in pain and in mourning is because of her. 
But I do know deep down who I am. She had every right to walk away from me, I’m toxic x100, and I would have continuously Improved my toxic trails day by day. but I would’ve done anything for her and if roles were reversed I would still love my best friend unconditionally, toxic trails or not. I would’ve tried to change for her, which I’ll admit  would be really hard, take time and effort, but I would’ve done it for her. I would t done anything for her :) I want her to live with that guilt and pain  the rest of her life, that she is the sole purpose of my suicide...and that maybe one day as a grandma she’ll begin to realize after so much time, no one has ever loved her with as much passion, protective nurturing energy, provided her with unconditional love, ride or die loyalty, devotion, intensity and raw emotion, and would have walked towards the ends of the earth and back for her...anything at all for her. 


WOWWW that was longer than I thought, well, thanks for the free therapy guys, any thoughts about my...🤦🏻‍♀️

Klono-PLAN? ...sometimes humor is used as a reminder that in the difficult times that all we have, balance is necessary, ......that, or humor is an escaping mechanism for  deeply repressed emotions 😐🙂

____________________________________________________

✖️OVERALL QUESTION THAT I’D LIKE HELP ON ✖️

7.5mg Klonopin and a giant bottle or two of a strong alcohol (e.g. whiskey) in one night. Would it to the trick?  A painless ending is highly preferable. I am small. 5’1 100 pounds. Any Thoughts...?