There’s no way out.I try to be strong. I try not to care. I try not to show it on my face. I try to let the times when I’m in a decent mood outweigh when I’m not. I try to keep my emotions under control. I try not to cry or get angry about things. I try to motivate myself to keep going even when times are tough and shit is going downhill. 

I’m of trying. Who exactly am I doing these things for because it sure as hell isn’t helping me. Talking about this with anyone including people who care about me is futile. When you give you that “You’ve made it this far so don’t give up.” and “This is temporary.”. Temporary. I was too it was temporary a year ago. And a year before that. And a year before that. When exactly is this era of absolute misery going to end because still waiting for the “temporary” aspect to come forth.

How strong can I be? How many motivational and advice videos can I watch? How many bottles of adderall and bupropion can I go through. How many failures can I experience. How much can I be disappointed in myself and disappoint others? How many faked smiles can I show, meals can I skip, and pounds can I lose. How many more buttons can be pushed, tempers can be lost, argument can be had. How many therapy sessions can be scheduled? 

I feel like I’ve been fooling myself for too long. I want to believe that there is a reason for all this pain and there is a positive outcome. After all, there’s so many stories of people who have gone through extreme pain in there lives only to turn it around into something good, something they can find strength in and keep moving forward to succeed. I keep holding onto all of this misery being a very long and hard and painful lesson, but I can’t take much more. 

The things that would make me happy right now would be: 1) finding a way to be more productive during this college semester and actually get great grades on exams because of knowing how to study, having time to study, and enjoying studying.  2) leaving my parents’ house indefinitely and never ever ever residing here again and have my own place to live and thrive without anyone getting in my way.  3) having a multitude of friends who actually give a fuck about me enough to text me or call me and have meaningful conversations with- people who don’t make me feel lonely. 4) coronavirus just being completely eradicated and everyone can go out anywhere they want without masks 5) going to bed at a reasonably time and waking up early, excited to be productive  6) exercising, eating 3 well-nourishing  meals every day, and gaining a couple pounds to reach an optimal weight  

It’s not like I’m not trying. It’s not like I don’t care. I have tried so many things and sought so many resources but I’m fed up. I’m depressed and angry. I take it out on whoever is unlucky enough to be near me. I feel like a curse that resets every day after I wake up. “It’s not about what happens in your life that matters. It’s how you react to it.”. I LITERALLY PLAY HAPPY ASS MUSIC, USE AN OIL DIFFUSER, TELL MYSELF A BUNCH OF POSITIVE SHIT, TAKE PEOPLE’S ADVICE INCLUDING MY PSYCHIATRIST, PUSH THROUGH WHEN ITS HARD AS MUCH AS I CAN. What else am I supposed to do at this point? 

When you tell people you attempted suicide, hoping to hear some magic words (whatever those may be) that will make you do “Oh shit. Look at life. Look how worth it all of this is. Why the hell would I want to end it now. I’m going to turn my life around and be the best version of mys-“ NO! 

This shit is so fucking annoying and just destroying me mentally and now physically and I want it to stop. I’m too much of a pussy to probably lull myself but I literally have this reoccurring thought of how I would do it, where, using what, a possible note I would write. Sometimes I almost feel like doing it not only just to end all of this bullshit but also to give everyone who every knew me or knows me a big “I TOLD YOU SO! I TOLD YOU HOW FUCKED UP I AM AND YOU DIDNT THINK I WOULD DO IT. NOW LOOK. ITS DONE AND IM FINALLY FREE.”. I know that sounds shitty but this is literally what goes through my head.

I just find it interesting how there are really people out there who have never been depressed or had depression or any mental illness. Yeah they had some rough times but they’re literally actually happy. I’m jealous. Like even when shit goes south, they’re like “Oh I totally have a solution to this. Everything is great.” And they’re not lying. Like they really have shit under control. I almost want to say to them “Teach me.”

I think I lost the brain lottery since mine after the age of 16 just decided to slack off on making serotonin and dopamine. It also likes having looping, pessimistic thoughts that are panic-attack and mental breakdown inducing. On top of that, it just loves destroying itself over and over again. 

I’m literally in bed really just wanting everything to be over. It feels pointless now. No matter what I do I’m fucked. I feel hopeless and tired. I feel like I’m not even allowed to feel this way because it’s just wasting time. I should be studying and doing schoolwork right now because everyone’s counting on me and saying they “don’t want [me] to fail.”. Because everything except my mental health matters and I have to just suck it up and stop being a cry baby and start being strong so I can work myself to death. I really wish I had the courage to just do it.