(dont read if youre feeling fragile) How can i treat addiction, self destruction and depression?I've had 3 therapists through out the 2 years ive seeked treatment. 1 said she wasnt qualified to deal with my specific issues, the other took maternity leave and the other i chose to stop seeing but he said since my mood has been very low for however many weeks in a row it was he wouldve suggested i switch anyway the next week. I got the feeling far too often i was being lied to and actually burrowing deeper into depression. comments about acceptance (just accept im a miserable person with an extremely difficult life basically) and especially comments on why i should believe in god or free will convince me im hopeless. not gonna get into god but free will is disproved (in brief, for more in depth see my last post) like this: free will = doing what you want but you dont chose what you want. people will say things to addicts like youve got to want to get better. that reduces simply it to wanting to get better more than wanting to feed the addiction. again wanting to want sobriety in and of itself is no choice and your level of success is dependent on how much you want it, everyone admits this but no one connects the dots. i still try to get better but i dont really have any hope. i feel like i just self destruct in every scenario which makes happiness feel impossible.

anyway it seems like everybody who has an addiction takes some fucked up delusional belief in god or karma or something. they insist on thinking positive for it own sake but if youre choosing your thoughts based on how they make you feel rather than how true they are it seems like obvious conscious delusion. treatment always seems to include "removing limiting beliefs" but that just seems wrong. im only interested in removing false beliefs. if the truth is, which it may not be, that ill never be happy id want that thought to fester till i take the only appropriate response, suicide. the thing is i feel like my therapists tried to get me to believe in god because i have no real reason to live. you dont lie to a person who has a good life, they lied to me.

i think ill probably never get better but i know its possible. i just never want to achieve it by lying to myself and taking drugs everyday. the idea taking drugs 24/7 will help me see the world more clearly seems like an obvious lie. therapists seem like a mirage of hope on the horizon promising it gets better when it wont, just waiting till im sad enough to cave. i dont think there is hope for anyone who hates them-self at their core
