I really just don't know anymore manOK, so I really got to get this out, because I just DON'T know anymore. I've been at odds with my mother for YEARS, a bit of backstory here to set the mood on this... So I'm prone to have a bit of a nasty and quick temper sometimes and an oddball mindset; I've grown up with the notion that if you can't treat others with respect, you don't deserve to have mine (treat others how you want to be treated, basically), I do believe that respect is something you have to earn from others through effort and hard work... You can't just force someone to give it to you (manners are something entirely different, now everyone should have those!) I'm a 20-year-old, soon to be 21 that still lives with my mother because I'm unable to drive due to a deathly fear of driving (I've literally ripped the steering wheel out of her hands before to try pushing our car away from someone who was driving carelessly and got too close to our car, MULTIPLE times before) I suffer from severe depression, and what my therapist believes is PTSD (from a poor family environment/abusive parent) since I was little. I was involved in a major accident when I was younger that caused severe brain damage, basically baby-shaken syndrome, and over the years I've grown from just having really bad headaches and migraines as well as being slightly forgetful, to having mild seizures as of now, they're sporadic and unpredictable in nature of when they'll happen, and I don't usually get aura's when mine occur (an aura is like a forewarning that they're coming on) and EXTREMELY forgetful, like you tell me something and not even three minutes later I'll forget and have to ask you what to do again. I am rather slow minded as well due to this although by no means am I stupid, had I not dropped out of school due to bullying and harassment I'd probably have been a straight A student all the way through college, if that's what life had planned for me, although it, unfortunately, did not...

So basically... I've been caged and chained down to my mother's house, regardless of how badly I wish I could leave and be free to live my own life the way I want to. So here's the thing though... According to my mom (she's an idiot, might I add), I'm not "allowed" to be depressed, I've never known what it is and "shouldn't use that word so lightly". I'm also apparently, according to her, "riding her tailcoat and crying about everything", "a lazy and stupid bitch that's never worked a day in my life" and "Is only nice when I want something and then an asshole after I get it". Which might I add, I HATE asking for things, if I can't get it myself by some means, I usually won't ask for it... I'm that kid that's always hated Christmas and birthdays because I don't like getting things from people, my entire family (mom, sister, father) have always been money hungry assholes who will do ANYTHING for money, even go as far as to wish death on their own parents to get inheritance faster, so... I never wanted to be like them, I HATE that garbage mindset they all have. I grew up basically alone and raised myself, for the most part, my mother was never home (the only working member in the household up until their divorce) and my father was mentally and emotionally abusive, as was my sister who was always on his side for everything, whether that was just out of fear he'd do the same things to her or just because she's an asshole herself, I honestly couldn't tell you. So I grew up with my own special little mindset based on when I observed from others and learned I didn't like, and other people didn't like (none of that entitled BS slides with me).

So onto the true matter here... and forgive this post for being so long, I honestly don't even know if this is where it belongs but by this point I honestly have to ask someone else about this because I'm just so confused and done with everything in this life by now... But with the stage set here, let's get onto the main issue and reason for posting. So as said before, my mom's points are as follows;

◦ I'm lazy and a slob.
◦ I'm an asshole
◦ I'm stupid/retarded/etc.
◦ I CANNOT be depressed or have PTSD.
◦ I was never abused by any means.
◦ I'm a liar.
◦ Everything I think or say doesn't matter.
◦ Everything wrong with me is "Just an excuse" to be lazy.
◦ There's nothing wrong with me.

So our house is ALWAYS a mess, it's disgusting and honestly, so full of dirt and dust that it's probably making my health issues worse. It's ALWAYS been this way since the divorce, my mother will not clean or do ANYTHINGaround the house. We'll have dirty dishes in the sink collecting mold for up to a month and a half before she'll clean them, she throws her newspapers wherever the hell she feels like it and leaves it there until it becomes an inconvenience to her, in which she will order ME to pick it all up (she doesn't even ask, it's a demand) and she can't even take the trash bag out of the garbage when it gets full, she just yells at me to do it for her or she piles it up until it's overflowing out onto the floor and THEN she yells at ME for not taking it out sooner (It never gets full when I'm the only one home, and on the rare occasion it does, I will take it out on my own.) I regularly these days, take the time and effort to vacuum and clean the rooms on my own without being asked to, because honestly, it got so bad back in December when she went on a month long trip out of country that I couldn't breathe in my own home (and believe me, it felt like I was in heaven once it was all clean! I could finally breathe again and the house just felt so fresh and light, there was NO heavy air and no negativity in the house). So, while extremely ill at the time, I set to work for three full weeks cleaning the entire house top to bottom because I was sick and tired of it being so disgusting and realizing that would be my only chance to enjoy a clean house for once. She came home and didn't even tell me "Thank you" for what I did*, she just started making a mess again immediately even though I asked her to keep it clean (for my own sake, and that of our animals) and started bitching about how my old baby sitter (an ex-family friend) had come over and helped me clean when I had gotten too sick to do it alone (my seizures were acting up really badly at the time due to stress and anxiety from being alone for so long). I had set up a designated area for newspaper and letters to go respectively, so the house wouldn't end up cluttered in trash again. I've been going to my therapist for almost a full year now, and while it helps slightly to visit with her, she's a wonderful woman btw, I don't get to see her often enough for therapy to really help me much. I see her maybe once a month these days and by the time I get to see her the next time I'm RIGHT back where I started before the last time, usually stressing out badly and crying bullets in a debate on whether to just kill myself and be done with this bullshit or if it's my fault in the end.

I will admit, I do have a terrible memory and I do often put cheese wrappers on the counter and forget them (my older dog needs medication every day so I'm more focused on getting her to eat the pills she needs) so I do forget about them quite often, but I will pick them up if I see them or remember! I pick up my own garbage if it's nearby me and I can see it (the gods know if my head wasn't attached I'd never find it again once I set it down) and I often am left picking up her garbage as well, since she'll just accuse me of it being mine anyway and make me do so regardless; she often calls me stupid, dumbass or other things simply because I'm forgetful and slow minded, which I honestly cannot help... I really wish I could be better and more efficient but that just isn't possible, nor will it ever be. If there's a problem around the house I'll try to fix it myself or I'll ask for help from a neighbor who knows more than I do (which pisses my mother off, let me tell you). Apparently I'm a liar because I often get into squabbles with her (she loves to piss me off and knows just what buttons to push, as I am extremely short tempered and irritable these days due to all her bullshit over the years) and these days I tend to call her out on her bullshit and attempt to talk about it and see if I can do anything to make things better, because I'm at wits end and sick of this crap already... it's been about eight years of this garbage from her alone, not to mention the six or seven years of my dad's mental and emotional abuse BEFORE that. So, i wanted to inquire as well, about this "abuse" because my mother says it never happened*, even though she was never home to see it for herself (and I will admit once when I was younger a teacher had actually called her about me, without me knowing at the time, about me wanting to commit suicide and being suicidal when I was about eight or nine years old ((of course, like the proud and withdrawn little shit I was, I denied it because at that point... I gave up on asking for help from adults. I had asked and begged and pleaded for so long before that time that I realized nobody cared about me and I was better just dealing with it alone (((HUGE mistake on my part, but we won't go into that)))). So onto that matter now... my father was abusive, by all means, I mean... He used to force me to watch Tv with him, which was usually crime shows or the news (break-ins/murder/rape/kidnapping/sexual assult/etc.) hence my horrible anxiety about being alone with or without other people around, because if I got up and walked away from whatever he was watching, or if I admitted I didn't like it, he would get up and chase me into my room, get* IN MY FACE and SCREAM at me and threaten to beat the shit out of me over it; he used to pick me up when I was very young and throw me over his shoulder and raise his hand like he was going to beat my ass JUST to make me cry because it made him laugh when I'd squirm and scream and cry, even if I wasn't doing anything wrong to deserve it, he'd take my dogs/cats/whatever I had, drive and throw them out in the middle of the desert to die (this was a constant for most of our dogs) and the one dog I had, that I really loved (she was my heart and soul during my early childhood, and my first self-owned/picked dog that was just mine and not my families) when she got sick with parvo, he demanded my mother not take her to the vet to be put down, because "it was a waste of money" and to just let him just bash her skull in with a sludge hammer (believe me, that wouldn't have been a fast nor painless death for her... as I'm sure he would have been slow and cruel about it had he been allowed to do that.) .Which let me bring up a quick note here, my mother always knew that he was a drunkard asshole, because he's hated me since I got into that car accident when I was young. He had told her to "not waste money on me" and to take me off life support and let me die (which I wasn't on life support btw, I was surviving on my own). Even after that, when I came out of my coma and finally was cleared to come home, she HERSELF told me... he said "You're too fucked up to play with" and LAUGHED at me when I ran to her CRYING after what he said. So why would she deny he could have possibly been abusive?

So anyway... to finish this off finally (I'm sorry if I forgot anything major here) apparently, according to my mother, all my seizures, my extreme fear of driving (it's literally crippling, I really wish I could just live my life normally like everyone else) and my depression, anxiety and social detachment are ALL JUST EXCUSES to be lazy and stay with her... Believe me, if I could live normally I'd be MILES away from her, I'd love nothing more than to have my own home, my own yard... grass, flowers, a place for me and my animals to just be ourselves, a clean home with no heavy air due to negativity and anger filling it, to paint my walls whatever color I wanted and decorate my home how i see fit to do so... I'd LOVE to have a job, I'm a perfectionist by nature (as is my mother, what the hell ever happened to that side of her, I'll never know) and most of my family have that trait, I feel so worthless and like fucking garbage and a waste of space and life just rotting away due to health issues that I've mainly caused myself, due to years of addiction to soda (that was caused by a medication i was forced to take that wasn't meant for me ((I didn't have what it was for, my doctor was just a dumbass), and not taking proper care of myself because of the depression and feeling like nobody would ever love or care about me... I'd want nothing more than to feel successful and be happy, I hate sitting here doing nothing, never able to do anything or go anywhere... But she pushes my buttons far too often and I show her such a bad side of me because of how she treats me, you could literally ask any of my friends (the very few I have) or strangers that I've helped in the past... I'm a really nice person, I love and care about everyone... even the people who've hurt me badly and screwed me over in the past, I still care about those people and hope the best for them with their lives. I'm that kind of person, yes I do have a bit of a fucked up sense of humor and I can be irritable but generally... I'm really kindhearted, aside from all my temper issues and social problems I'm really nice. Hell, I haven't even been able to think about dying, simply over the fact that if I did... where would my cats and dogs end up? They'd be on the streets malnourished around these parts, ending up as roadkill or taco meat and that thought hurts me far more than anything I deal with in because of mom or other people does. That would just be so selfish of me and I can't do that to them, they need me so...

As Sokrates (or Socrates, however you prefer to spell it) would have said, if you remain bitter and hateful towards those who have hurt you in the past, are you not JUST as likely to hurt others in the same way as they hurt you?... I don't want to hurt anyone, or hate anyone, grudges are worthless and a waste of time, the world will never get any better with people who hold onto things like that... But I want to know, am I the asshole for reacting badly to my mother's treatment of me? I understand she works, she's tired... she probably puts up with a lot of shit, but she always takes it out on me and I'm just so tired of it... 

I'm getting an MRI done today, to see how bad the damage is now, if the seizures will get worse and if I have any tumors or anything, I'll update eventually on that for anyone that cares about it, but I just want to know, really...

Am I an asshole here in this situation? Are those really just excuses... I used to think I knew the answers to these questions but I just don't know anymore... I've been holding onto this for years but honestly, I'm starting to realize bottling up my emotions, problems and fears and keeping them there until I eventually kick the bucket isn't the way to go.

I'm not actively suicidal, it's more of a passive "I want to" but I'll never act on it, or at least not in the foreseeable future type of thing. I really just want to know what others think because I have no idea anymore...