Where's my head at?I really don't know. 22 years old and I have already tried everything because what I had always wanted was to be ontop of everybody else.
Then after fucking drugs and after being an egoistical sub human for the majority of my life I now am dealing with myself.
Just imagine, everybody knows a lot of things on various subjects and I know nothing, I live in my head.
Everybody loves cars, motorbikes and I don't want a car for not contributing to pollution.
Self esteem and competition are my issues because I cannot get out of my fucking mental patterns where I see if someone is being trampled on by someone else in almost milliseconds and every human behaviour just seem regarded to this need to compete and to be more than the others.
What should I think when I look at myself in the mirror? That I am beautiful/normal/ugly? For what reason? For what reason everybody loves football and I don't? For what reason it's automatic for me to think that inborn weaknesses are just a sign that my genes are not good enough to compete? I lack intelligence, I lack empathy and god when I see children's I look away because I don't want to be seen by an innocent being and traumatize it. When I wake up in the morning I do stretching and pushups because there is a tiny sparkle which keeps me going, but what if that sparkle will fade away? Since it is happening.
I won't kill myself just for not ashaming my family, and also because I still have to listen to all the CD's and read all the books my father left to me and my brother when he left this world.
Where is the ultimate solution to the human existence.
It is not economy, the planet is dying, now, how to accept this and live by not caring about the consequences? Even Diesel said in a commercial "be stupid" well that is true.
Bombs are blowing in airports and we are slave to the corporations who feed us what we need, planning what our needs are.
If the biological agenda is to reproduce, the hidden command in it is to climb, acquire, keep, hold, let go for better, don't spare, you are first, then.. I crave a fucking solution to love life again.
An hour ago I started to look around me inside a post office: the yellow packages all lined in line and columns, the flower pots with plants in it made that office a nice place to see, and that thought made me happy, the real happiness that I feel just sometimes.
I would like to live a life with that feeling inside me everyday.