Homeostasis. By me.Homeostasis is the tendency toward a relatively stable equilibrium between interdependent elements, especially as maintained by physiological processes (I just got that off google). I find this word being able to be applied to many people's problems I see in this subreddit. In latent terms, homeostasis is when something always comes back around to a certain point in a cycle no matter where you go. 

I find something good, I lose that said thing, I get hurt, I want to kill myself, and the cycle continues. That is the basis of homeostasis. For me I look back at this word and it always gives me a good map of where I am in this cycle. I may be in the good times right now, but somewhere along the way I will lose that said thing. It could be love, money, support from my parents, etc. 

I'm tired of laying my head down and pushing through the mud. I want to lift my head up again knowing that I won't get a head full of mud and sand in my eyes. I may be getting the best grades in the family, I may be getting a good stable career before any of my oldest brothers, and yes I may be in a good stable relationship, but someday I know that I have had too many good days and it will all fall on top of my lifeless body like a domino stack. 

  \-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There was this woman that I tried to save, but I knew that what ever happened she would meet the same fate. I never knew her name or face but her story touched my heart. Her story is as follows:   

 She was slowly deteriorating and cancer was spreading throughout her body at an alarming rate. The pain that she felt was nothing more than unbearable. She had two corgis at home, but with her being in the hospital for so long she allowed a friend to take them. This may have been just a simple act, but for her this was the end.

 The pain that she was bearing was so bad that she had to take the strongest pain killers she could (hydrocodone but I'm still a little unsure), but that only stopped the pain for a while. The pain was so unbearable that she couldn't sleep, the pain medication would only work two hours at a time and it couldn't be injected through an IV. After several weeks of this and nothing good from the medical team she posted saying that the pain was going to make her kill herself. 

I tried responding, telling her that she could make it if she just believed in the medical team, and that she would be fine so she could see her friends again. I knew deep down that she was never going to make a full recovery. I wanted to DM this person so I could at least give her some support, but I got no answer. 

I want to know what happened to that person and why they didn't respond. For some reason their post resonated with me. Maybe it was because they didn't want to die, but the pain of her illness was too much.  Please all I ask is to know what happened to her.