Just talked a friend out of killing himself. Unsure of next step (tough situation)Hey all,

I'm not the one in need here, but I have a friend who was really close to the edge.

Now, I don't know the full story here because he's a friend/acquaintance that I haven't seen in about 8 months--we met in Korea where I currently live, but I thought he went back to the states--then today I saw a post in my facebook news feed where he was basically begging for help. It was almost like a countdown. 22hours, 7 hours, 8 mins. Begging for friends to help him and I was the only one who hopped onto Skype to help him out.

First things first, I didn't talk about what got him up to that point. Only what the current situation was, and how we could get started fixing the problems that he had before him. I just wanted him problem-solving.

So, here's his current situation, as I could piece it together. He was travelling with his SO and in Beijing she decides that she doesn't love him anymore, and leaves him there. Now he's in Beijing with $900 in his pocket and a ticket to Taiwan (he doesn't know if it's refundable or not). 

Whatever "Job Recruitment Agency" he hooked up with in China screwed up his paper work...so getting a job there is a no-go.

I looked into what it takes to get a work visa in Taiwan, and it's difficult and expensive.

I suggested he come back to Korea, but again, he doesn't know if his ticket is refundable, and even if he does come back, he's got $900, and I can blow through that in Seoul in 2 weeks. And if he needs a ticket from Beijing to Seoul, that shit is like $300. Not to mention that getting a work visa to teach here right now is a 3 month process that costs at least $200.  BUT, he can crash on my couch for a while.

Soooo...I don't know what to do next. I told him to send me his paypal info tomorrow (just to keep him distracted enough to calm down and not do anything rash today). But I can only really give him like $500 maximum.

Any advice for a next step? Any help agencies available in China? Will the U.S. embassy help with something like this? I'm just trying to get this guy into something/someplace stable.