There's nothing wrong that wasn't wrong beforeIt's been a strange couple of weeks. I've found myself thinking quite a lot about my distant past, and have been in such a dysphoric mood that I revisited some of my of 'sulking' music. The title is from an Elliott Smith song, No Name No. 5. I used to feel he had perfectly captured the dysphoria I felt when I first discovered it, but perhaps that was more my doing. It's funny looking back on where I was when I felt at my worst as a kid. It's amazing to think where I could be now if I knew how to cope, how to seek help, if I realized I wasn't trapped.

It's not as bad as you think, I can promise you that. It can get better. Sometimes you have to change yourself, sometimes you have to challenge what you think makes you happy or sad. Sometimes you have to challenge the feeling that you are not in control. And you have to forgive yourself when you just can't. But there's always hope. Always.

I'm not sure I'll make it through what's going on right now. But I might. Something could give, maybe before I get there something will change for me that is so far outside of my experience that I couldn't even fathom it in this moment. I have to keep looking.

And you have to keep looking. Look for something new, inside or outside of yourself. Keep looking for a way to live, to be content, to be a part of something. Keep looking for a way in to the places you want to be, keep questioning and challenging the things you think you want. Keep looking for hope, for love, for compassion and understanding. We all know so very, very little. We don't know where we might find these things, and we may miss them if we don't believe we'll find them. 

So many of you are painfully young. I've been there, I have. I didn't have this, but a lack of support can be enough of a challenge to do better for yourself. I didn't have people to reach out to for support. I'm so, so glad that you do. Things can get better. I wish I could instill in you all what has allowed me to survive through as much as I have. Maybe if I could, at your age you could find your way to a happy, fulfilling life sooner than you could imagine.

What I'm saying must sound horribly out of touch to some of you, surely it doesn't apply to *you*. We're all unique in our own way, but at the core of your struggle is something we all face. You may not have the skills you need to deal with it right now, but they could come if you give it time. So please, hold on for a while. Please, keep looking for comfort, keep looking for warmth and connection. And remember to pass along whatever you find.

I'm not exactly an old man yet, but the stress of the last five years has taken a toll on my health, and there's less time to find some way back to the life I've been working towards. But even if I'm gone tomorrow, I'll be looking tonight.