I'm an extreme piece of shit and feeling like there's no hope for me leftOnce, during a concert, someone wanted to move forward to get to their friends, but I didn't want to move out of the way. Fucking unreasonable. Later on I bumped into the a person a couple of times and got asked if I was doing it on purpose. I felt so embarassed about that for months. 

I remember I once threw a plastic glass of beer from the first floor on other people. I was drunk, but that's no excuse. 

I also contacted my ex once and she blocked me, but I kept making new accounts in the hopes of talking it out and to defend myself against what she said until she exploded and yelled at me that I'm an irrational asshole, completely destroyed me in an extremely hurtful message and pointed at those incidents during that concert. Told me she never wants to talk to me again. I then begged her for months to please talk it out because I couldn't live with someone hating me so much, but she never replied. I dumped her but why I did that was selfless: I felt like she was wasting her time with me. 34 years old while I was 26, she started hinting at kids while I told her from the beginning I didn't want it so I got annoyed at that and I ended it abruptly. Never stopped caring about her though. 

I also had a friend who was done with me last year. He often invited me to go drinking or to go to his birthday party, but I'd always feel so uncomfortable then so I would come up with some shitty last minute excuse. I'd always talk about myself all the time. Would meet at 4pm while I was at home all day, but then be gone for like 10 minutes while he was waiting for a closed door. What a dick I am...

I also smoked way too much, had an unhealthy diet and haven't achieved anything yet. It took me 10 years to graduate. My parents died young and I wasted my inheritance because I can't deal with money. That makes me feel like such a loser too. The only good things I've done are quitting smoking, hitting the gym 6 times per week, eating a healthy diet and volunteering to teach refugees English and I often buy nice presents for my family. 

So now I'm figuring out that I'm such a piece of shit... I can be so incredibly unreasonable and a horrible person. I was even whining about how I think I'm going to die because of how I used to smoke so much to my ex and she just laughed at me and called me a tragic whiner, 'own choice' blabla, that makes me feel so weak too. I keep thinking about how pathetic I am and it makes me feel so suicidal. Like why am I like this? Why am I such a dickhead? If I die, nobody will think 'he was such a great guy'... Everyone will forget me within a few weeks.