I'm leavingHey all, first post on a fresh account. Thanks

I'm just throwing this out there;
I'm 30(m) and I dont know what to do with my life. I cant go on and on how my life has been, but in the end it's always the same. I dont wanna be here, I dont feel like I belong. I tried as hard as i can, but now it's just too hard. I have no goals, no aspirations, no drive, no plans on marriage or kids, my will is almost depleted. A month back I was gonna leave and go to some remote forest and hang myself. I had it all planned out A-Z. Then this girl came into my life, I poured my heart and soul one last time and even professed how I felt and I started to feel that maybe I wanna live, maybe even settle down. She made me a better person for the time being. I wanted to do things for this person... as a means of keeping myself alive. There was no reciprocity and felt one sided, but that was ok, because I was still alive... the thought of her kept me alive. But now I feel so selfish for doing what I did. I wish I could take it all back because I dont want her to hurt since I told her I'm leaving. I guess I told her I'm leaving because I wanted to hear what she would say, maybe she could pull me out of this abyss, save me, idk. But i feel it's not fair for her, for anyone. I dont want to hold anyone's feelings hostage. I've always felt better off alone. This time though I'm certain that I will leave for good, I dont necessarily want to die as much this time. Ive made arrangements for all my belongings, cat, turtles, motorcycle and everything else to either be taken care of and anything else I just gave away to anyone close to me. I dont want any money, I dont need any money but i want my roommates/friends/family to be ok when i leave. Because frankly I dont know when and if I'll be back again. The last thing I want is to burden anyone but it just feels like I'm drawing my last few breaths. It's like deaths cold embrace is just around the corner. By the end of this week I'll make my journey. I'll go as far as my foot is willing to take me, to see if the grass really is greener on the other side.

Thanks for reading, I appreciate it. You are appreciated =)