This is my story *So, you've opened this up, it's gonna be quite the long road. You don't need to even read it. It's not important anymore.*

&amp;#x200B;

 Hi, please call me Keni, I live in the south-eastern part of Brazil. At this very moment my life goes by a family of 3, family's economy is essentially okay.

 You might think that I'd have no reason to want to kill myself, well, I wish it was like that. Here's my story: 

 My father was born in 1936, he was abandoned by his mother and his father was hardlined to the highest extreme. He met my mother in 1992-93 where he offered his help, with a place to live and take care of her son, call him W. 

 Since W was not my father's son, he would neglect him, simple liberties were no such thing as available, and it would go for 11 years, when I was born. You see, my father, thought he was my biological father, which if you'd thought about it, you know how hard that would be. *(0,00s%)* So he pampered me in every possible way, I was a gifted child, in many ways, the first to read, to speak and sheer interest in learning was incredible for my age. 

 But he never understood why I wouldn't accept his actions, he never once thought that I knew his actions were unfair, he made my brother life hell, to the point it got to me, too much, and I broke, I yelled at him, the worst words I could come up at the time. He would humiliate my mother, every single day. Same thing with my brother, and I had to just act like I didn't listen. It broke me, to the point I wasn't a happy child anymore, but, due to the lack of actual love, I became pretty "Caring" as in, I would go to school, just to receive hugs, care itself. 

 Here's the thing, my school was the best in the entire city, however, my principal, would often humiliate me, in front of everyone, that took a heavy toll on little mental health I had left. In late 2018, the same principal said she was going to take away my discount there, just 'cause I didn't to the tests to get discounts at other schools, *which mostly, I was unaware*, and so she did. It angered me, so much in fact, that I was really hateful to the point I had no words to describe how I felt, I tried talking it out with my best friend, and due to a poor choice of words, I lost her. Can't even remember the line, maybe that's for the best, went to talk with another friend, told what happened, she thought I was trying to turn her against the first one. Also lost her, and so it went, I lost everyone, to the point, that the best friend of the first one, came to me and said, something along the lines of "Jump off a building/bridge".

 In all honesty, it **was** my fault. that got me so close to killing myself, that I got on the edge of actually doing it, barely bruising up my wrists, I broke, I received pity. That broke me even further.

&amp;#x200B;

 I refuse to go too further into this, but now, my school is hell on earth, my father's dead, my luck is shit, I have no one to depend on, not a single one of my coping mechanisms work, hell, I got close to learning hiragana just to not kill myself, what I wrote there was half the story. I really want to die, I don't want to cause trouble to anyone anymore, all I want is to just stop breathing, my school enviroment is so bad, that it makes me sick to the stomach due to overthinking how I want to kill myself, every now and then I remember the time that I had someone who cared for me, her nickname was "Anjinha" *(straight-up translation is "Little Angel").*

 I just want to feel loved, one last time. That is all I want.