Tonight may be my last night...Most people would scorn me, call me naive, stupid, immature... if they knew what I was thinking. I've been with the most amazing guy for over the past six years of my life, since I was a sophomore in high school (I'm 22 now)
We're engaged.. or..we were... I'm not sure at the moment.
I've told myself that if we were to break up, I was going to end my life. He had the same thoughts (to end his life if something were to happen to us) He's the only person that makes me happy... that can make me smile...
I, on the other hand, am a horrible person. I've broken my own heart so many times, I'd be surprised if there's any heart left. I've broken his heart through stupid actions. It's like I can't control myself. I feel like I really can't. 

Things happened..and our relationship was on the rocks... I thought it was better. I was being careful, I was being honest.. And then I slipped up. On this site.
He checks my email, my texts (or did, I don't have a cell phone anymore)... my social networking sites, my messages... I know he doesn't trust me and I have to earn that trust back. But he told me that "I think we need to see other people"... he's at work right now and I'm home alone, wallowing in my own self pity because I'm such a dumbass. I don't deserve him. I don't deserve life.

I have Borderline Personality Disorder, General Anxiety Disorder, Clinical Depression, and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. I've been suicidal for the past 9 years of my life...

and I feel that, if he really does end it, I have nothing else to live for. I don't want kids, I'll never find someone else like him, I have a dead end job and I'm too scared to quit incase I don't find something better. I have taxes and loans that I can't pay, a car that I can barely afford with car insurance and gas prices. I'm a completely pointless human being. I have no purpose. People forget about me all the time when I'm around, so why not just go away so they ddon't have to worry about whether they forgot about me or not? My father is an abusive alcoholic, my mother is helpless... my twin brother is an alcoholic..and my little sister is the baby of the family, so she gets anything she wants. I've always been the invisible one.

I'm now sitting here trying to decide how I should do it. I have pills...or the highway a little walk away...bridges to jump off of.... I'm afraid to take pills incase it doesn't work, I don't wanna be fucked up and retarded. I wish I knew someone with a gun...

The calmness is setting in, and I'm getting tired. If 7am comes around, and my fiance does decide to end our relationship...just know that you, Reddit, are the last people I talk to. And I'm okay with that.

I don't have anyone else.