What is wrong with me?I'm not someone who has ever had difficulty with people. I've had plenty of friends and girlfriends in my life, some of whom are still obsessed with me. I've always been good with people. I've never had an issue with getting people to care for me. I'm a sociable and endearing person. I'm fairly popular and well liked. 

And yet here I am. Constantly at a distance. Constantly at odds. I struggle with people because nobody seems as off centre as I do. Everyone laughs and thinks I'm joking when I talk about offing myself. They think it's another one of my jokes. But I think about it all the time. Every day, from the start the the end. I think about ending it. I've even blatantly told friends before, and nobody takes me seriously. 

I'm decently attractive and have never had an issue getting women to take an interest in me. And by all means, I'm pretty well off financially. But that makes it worse. Why? Because I've been successful, nobody takes my struggles seriously. It's just another one of my jokes. But I daydream about being dead. I constantly think about everything being done and finished. And not casually. It's all that fills my head. Every day. 

It just seems surreal sometimes. No matter how many people I meet and talk to, nobody seems to understand where I am in my life. Or what I'm trying to imply. I feel disconnected and distanced from people who think they understand me. I feel separate. I want to die. I think about it all the time. The world seems cheap. Nobody cares, and I don't expect them to. Everyone is disposable and self consumed, and I'm no exception. 

I drink almost constantly throughout the day. I do any drug I can get my hands on. It's never been because I like to "party. It's because I want it to be over. I feel like I've been trying to hint about my issues through it, but nobody really pays much attention. Nobody cares. Nobody catches onto the fact that I'm deliberately trying to off myself in the most subtle way possible. Like maybe if I OD my family won't be as heartbroken. They'd see it as an accident. 

But no matter how many times I take too much, I survive. So I think about taking a more direct approach. And again, no matter how many times I talk about it, people think I'm just joking around. 

Recently I've been having chronic pain all over and have been treating it with heroin, alcohol, and whatever else seems to take my mind off of it. If it dulls me mentally, it helps. It doesn't hurt as much if I don't think. Nothing else seems to help it. I need that distraction or I'm full of aches and pain. 

I know that this is long but I don't know what else to say. I'm just so tired of being down. I'm tired of acting like nothing is wrong. I feel like I'm almost at a point where everything is unbearable. I dread waking up every day. I want everything to be done. I want to cross the street at the wrong time. All of that. The idea consumes me. I have a gun in my house, and it's all I can do to not use it. 

I can't avoid being consumed by whatever it is that holds me. I'm just done. I don't want to be in pain anymore or have people see my issues as as joke. I've spent more than enough time looking down the barrel of my own gun. Something has to give, in either direction.    

As it is, I'm more prepared for death than anything else. I live in a sort of fear of the night that I finally get carried away. Recently I've been spending most of my days sleeping and trying to isolate myself. I feel like I'm always getting closer, but part of me wants to avoid it. I feel like there's no excuse because there's plenty of people worse off than me, but it still stays on my mind every day. 