I'm tired. I've made a mess of my life. I can't do it anymore.I'm stuck. I take full responsibility for everything that's occurred in my life but I can't cope with the outcome anymore. I'm to the point where I don't see the sunlight anymore, I sleep all day and lay awake all night. Suicide is always in my mind.  Here's my story, I'll keep it as short as possible but it will be long and I'm on mobile so hang in there with my formatting. 

I'm twenty years old, I've been depressed for as long as I can remember but twelve-thirteen is when I really began to feel it. I was homeschooled from third grade through graduation of high school at seventeen. I didn't have a choice until I made it to high school but I stuck with homeschool, I feel like that was mistake one. 

During high school I worked several average teenager jobs, snow cone stands, fast food, etc., never stayed at one more than eight months. After high school I joined the Marines delayed entry program. After two months I had second thoughts, bitched out, whatever you want to use for the term, it was stupid and horrible of me. I've heard it all before. Mistake two. Also I screwed up my car leaving me without one. 

After that, my mother and I had a falling out over that and a girl in my life, ended up getting kicked out and staying with my dad for a few months, got a job waiting tables but I wasn't even making enough to feed myself. I quit after a month and moved to Texas to stay with a very supportive friend and his family, who is closer to me than any one else. They're my real family, even though I'll never be one of them. I left everything I knew here and my girlfriend, might be a mistake, who knows. 

After two months of college research and failing to find a job I decided to try the army and moved back home, no car, no job, not a penny to my name. Mistake three. 

I joined the Army as an 11x, infantry option. I shipped to Fort Benning in Oct. 2013. I made it through basic and most of infantry training and once again I made a mess of things, got cold feet and bitched out. Mistake four. 

I came home, got a job working at a casino and bought a car with the money I had left over from basic. I worked there a year, ended up dating a great girl who passed away, making my depression worse. I wasn't getting any raises, I was promised promotion time and time again and was always passed over.  I was good at my job, and always there but false promises were all I received. I overstepped my financial boundaries, got a car I couldn't afford. The dealer also never supplied me with a title. I ended up having to take the car back, losing my transportation to work. A friend in Florida offered a way there and to stay a while and get on my feet, get into college. I packed up and left home again. Mistake, what's it now? Four? Five? Too many at this point. 

I hated it there. I hated living with them, but I tried to make it work. I was walking miles every day to find a job, two months go by and I've put in dozens of applications. Nothing. I was sinking further and further into depression. I had someone offer me a way back and like the coward I am, I took it, thinking I'd get back on at the casino, at least be happier. 

The casino wouldn't hire me. It's been a month since then and I'm staying with an old coworker and his parents. I'm jobless. I have thirty four cents. I have no car. I've ruined every relationship I've ever been in. I've burned bridges with old friends and jobs. I've got a horrible work history. I did well in school but it's a homeschool diploma and no standardized testing. I haven't been able to find anything here. I may be lazy, stupid, reckless, non-committal and I realize that. Everything that's gone wrong has been all me. But now I don't see a way forward, I have bills and loans coming due I can't afford. I'm stuck with an out of state license I can't replace and I'm draining others resources that can't handle it. I'm ready to end it. I don't want to keep doing this, I don't want to be a burden. I'm tired. The girl I loved has died and moved on without me. I just want to die. 