Just curious about why suicide is so Taboo.Really, I gotta know why suicide is such a big trigger for people when: 

\- Therapy is excessively expensive, hard to navigate and out of reach for the majority of people working full time and struggling financially. 

\-Insurance is little more than a coupon for cheaper health services and it doesnt even really make the services affordable because we decided that supply and demand also apply to your health coverage. That on top of the confusing and fragmented way we classify (and charge different for) different aspects of health, despite it all being connected under the umbrella of general health. 

\- Being negative, openly depressed or poor is a social taboo when it comes to trying to make new freinds as if sadness is contagious. I have to worry about not making potential freinds sad, rather than worrying about finding supporting and loving freinds. 

\-The world of romantic relationships is a minefield of wishlists that most of us severely depressed and/or anxious individuals can never live up to, leading to many people abstaining and being isolated, or settling for subpar relationship and still feeling isolated around "loved ones"

\- The path to financial freedom is often said to be education, which ironically costs boatloads of money. this requires you to be able to take on the workload of two jobs and full time schooling all while suicidally depressed, OR to take out an excessive amount of money from a (probably predatory) loan agent and hope to the gods that you picked the right career.

&amp;#x200B;

all this and not only do people blame you for your situation, tell you that youre worldview is wrong, or insult you. theyll do so right up until youre ready to knock on deaths door, at which point they feign sympathy (purely out of some knee jerk emotional reaction to tragedy) and try to convince you that its not worth it or that they care (when they didnt yesterday) all while purpetuating the systems that make so many people resort to death.  

&amp;#x200B;

sorry if this post is not allowed. 

&amp;#x200B;