Husband is suicidal and I'm struggling need advice.I don't know if this is the place to ask this but r/relationships removed my question.


I'd like to preface this by saying we have discussed everything I will write here and our communication is typically fantastic and very open.


My husband and I have been together for a decade married for 6yrs and best friends for 13yrs. We talk about everything and have one awesome youngling.


We are currently living in a very hard situation working on the land and building everything ourselves from scratch to avoid debt. However for the last 3yrs we have been in a heavy drought we were prepared for the first 18 months but this drought has hit so severely it is considered a natural disaster nationwide. Despite this we receive no government support being in an industry that falls through the cracks for both charity and government efforts.


Earlier this year my husbands mother died suddenly. He had time to say good bye but it was unexpected. He has struggled since. He has been to the doctors and been offered referrals to psychologists. I have given him a list of nearby specialist he has not to my knowledge contacted.


We are both exhausted he is a stay at home dad who covers the day to day tasks while I manage the vast majority of the big decisions, finances and full time money earning.


He recently told me he was feeling suicidal. We implemented changes and organised doctors. I thought we were doing well. In a heated moment managing a large animal for medical purposes he froze up endangering everyone. I yelled. He snapped and stormed off swearing. I chased after him mostly to make sure he didn't try and take the car. We had it out a bit and he collapsed telling me this is why he is suicidal.


This might seem selfish, we have discussed things and moved past that moment but I'm having trouble at my core forgiving him. I'm an Aspie and not good with emotions at the best of times so I often don't know how something has effected me until I try and explain it. So I know this has fucked me up because I can't type it without crying.


With the drought, time and money would be extremely hard to come by for a therapist for myself and I don't know any in the area I'd trust to get it right first go.


I've travelled a lot and have a huge cut out reflex when it comes to people causing me pain or planning on leaving me. I've found myself cutting him off emotionally. I'm working really hard to stay open and loving but the reflex to protect myself and our kid from that level of pain is so strong.


What do I do? What is the human way to respond to someone telling you they want to die and it's all your fault? He seems to be getting better, how do I trust him not to leave us?


TLDR; if you didn't read it don't reply.