Why does suicide have to be contagious?First off: 21, Male, Gay, United States

Throwaway account. I haven't shared this before.

I lost my best friend a year ago to suicide. He was gay as well. I never knew he was struggling and now I'll never know why. It sounds so cliche, but my life feels so empty now. He was such a large part of my childhood that I can hardly look at anything now without seeing it as a reminder of the life that once was. I thought that I would have long since moved on by now, but I still cry as though he just died yesterday.

I'm not proud of who I am. I would give anything to "un-gay" myself so that I wouldn't have to feel like I have to hide my feelings and desires. I've constantly lived in the shadow of my successful older siblings. They've all had successful (heterosexual) relationships and are due to get married in the coming months. The girls' families have basically become our family. My parents have opened their arms wide with excitement to the new additions. I can't ever see that happening if I ever find someone. I feel like my parents would have a patronizing, condescending attitude towards any relationship I'd have with another man, and it would be the hardest thing for them to welcome any new in-laws.

Then there's me: the gay son. I've never come out to my family because I'm just too ashamed to have that conversation with them. I can't do it until I have more self esteem, but the longer I wait for it to appear out of nowhere, the more I realize I'm not going to like my gay self ever. I don't see much of a bright future. I want desperately to share my life with somebody who's more than just a friend, but have only found awkward one night stands which I so deeply regret. I see no examples of healthy homosexual relationships. Only fragmented, shallow, sexual attractions between two horny gay guys. I want to be able to see myself living as a successful, happy, gay, partnered/married middle-aged man someday, but I'm starting to think such a life doesn't exist - for anyone!

I never thought of suicide at all until after my best friend did it. I was generally happy, and didn't mind that I had some feelings in high school for other males that didn't quite jive with social norms. I told myself that it was just hormones and I'd grow out of it soon enough. But now, living with my close friends (who all are in steady, long term relationships) I get so jealous. Jealous that they have it so easy. They won't spend their entire lives defending who they are to intolerant bigots. Jealous they can just "go with the flow", but my homosexuality sticks out like a red flag despite trying so hard not to let it. I don't want it to define me, but rather just to be one of many facets.

I feel guilty having suicidal thoughts. They shouldn't be happening to someone who has been as fortunate as me. I came from a stable loving home, I have two wonderful parents and older brothers (none of whom know I'm gay), and I'm getting an all-expenses paid college education. I read the entries of others here who come from broken homes with no parental figures, who grew up surrounded by drug and alcohol abuse, shackled by massive debts and I feel weak. I've been given every opportunity to succeed and I just can't talk myself off the ledge because I lost a friend and want to lie down with another man? There are literally billions of people who don't even know if they're going to see food today and I'm sitting in one of the wealthiest countries on Earth thinking "Oh, woe is me!". Pathetic. Although thoughts like these keep me going, they're not what should be my motivation for continuing to live.

For the last 12 months, all I've been able to think about is death, specifically my own suicide. These thoughts terrify me. I catch myself daydreaming about how I could kill myself: bridges, guns, driving off cliffs. It feels like my friend's suicide has infected me now. It should have been a deterrent, but instead it set a horrible example: when times get tough, just end it all. He did it. So can I. Yet I don't want to. And yet I do.

I turn now to the anonymous internet. I've never shard much of this with anyone, just bits and pieces here and there. I love you, redditors, especially those of you who have the compassion to respond to troubled strangers on /suicidewatch you'll never meet. I laugh my ass off in the morning when I read the front page, especially the comments. I even laugh when my own attempts at posting fail miserably. Such joy is merely temporary, lost as soon as I get off my computer and see a couple holding hands as they stroll down the street in love. I'm not sure what I hope to get from posting this here. I think just knowing that someone somewhere out there gives a damn, even about a total stranger miles away can at least provide some solace. Thank you for sticking with me.
