I used to want to kill myself because I was unemployed, now I want to kill myself because of my job. I don't know what the fuck to do.The title pretty much explains it, but I'll write down some of the details for anyone who cares about them.

I fucked up at school last fall semester, and my parents are pretty much paying for it. I'm taking loans out but they're covering all the other costs. They didn't want to keep paying for me fucking up, so they told me to take a semester off and get a job. It's also worth mentioning that I have crippling anxiety when it comes to work, and no, it's not just laziness. I get panic attacks at work constantly, but I'm good at faking being okay, and I don't want to talk to anyone about it. I tried really hard for a few months with nothing turning up, and then I got a job that involved manual labor. I'm pretty fat so I was pretty fucking miserable. After driving home one night hurting all over, outside and in, I decided to quit before the job really affected me. Then came another few months of unemployment, as well as more disappointment from family. I felt like such a worthless failure. The only thing that kept me going, and the only thing keeping me going now, is the guilt that comes from knowing how much I'd hurt other people if I offed myself.

Now I've got a job in a call center, working 9 hour shifts 5 days a week. I get calls from sales representatives who, most of the time, berate me if I dare even ask them to repeat anything they said for verification. I hate it there, but it's the only job I was able to get that wasn't manual labor.

My daily routine now consists of waking up, feeling like shit, and listening to guided meditations to calm me down so I can go to work. Then I go to work. Then I come home and go right to sleep because I'm fucking exhausted. And then weekends come, and I have to turn down invites to social things from friends because I'm mentally exhausted. There's nothing for me to look forward to any more.

TL;DR: So basically, my life boils down to hating myself because I'm too anxious and depressed to get a job, or living life with little to no remotely positive feelings because work makes me panic. The only reason I keep going is because I don't want to hurt people, but that guilt is slowly being drowned out by complete fucking misery and the desire to end it.

Sorry the post is so long, I'm just getting all this shit out before I go to work so I don't have much time to edit and cut things down concisely.