He's finally going to miss meI've been working up the nerve to do this for a while... Really, since I was a little kid.... But this past time, seriously, for a couple months. I took some stronger version of Xanax that I bought online, some research chemical, sounds sketchy I know but it's about to not matter anymore. For once I'm free from what people think, sort of.  I did make this throwaway account (snappy name, right? Could've been the name of one of the novels I never wrote) because I don't want him to find this, I really don't want him to feel too bad. And I'm gonna lay here and listen to some of my favorite music. I feel like I'm floating above the earth. And then I think I'll climb one of the apartment buildings across the street and jump right off. It sounds fun, it sounds right up my alley, wild and adventurous and people will like it, aesthetically, it will remind them of my better times. 

I don't know why I'm writing this really. People used to know me as an adventurous and wild person. Lately I've just been sitting at home going to work sitting at home going to work sitting at home going to work... and when I'm at work I'm not the positive ray of sunshine that I used to be, I am depressed and angry and hateful. I feel to have people that I've been friends with for years. I'm so angry. I'm angry at myself, I hate myself but I'm turning that anger outwards towards the world, and that's not fair. 

I don't want to admit this, but I think there's a part of me that doesn't want to die and I think that's why I'm here. but I really, really think I might do it this time. My mind is in a different place than it's ever been before. it was just my birthday and I had the crippling realization that I'm never going to mother children I'm never going to get married I'm never going to own a big house I'm never going to have a job that I love... No one is ever going to love me. 

The person that I love... I've told him many times that I love him. and he's never responded, unless I directly asked him how he felt about me and then he would just say that he liked me a lot. and when I asked him if he loved me he said that he's never been in love before. And once when I was feeling really down, I asked him if he thought he would ever love me, and he said that he couldn't tell me that he would ever be in love with anybody, but that he cared for me. He lives in another country. He visits here sometimes. If I don't think hes going to move back. I tried to talk to him on my birthday, I asked him if I was going to move to his country, or if he was going to move to mine. And he changed the subject.  

He doesn't care about me. I'm thinking about him almost every moment of the day. He is going to understand. How much he meant to me, how much I was hurting, how he shouldn't have ignored my cries for help and changed the subject every time I acted sad or said something sad. I ask him what he thinks the future will be like for us and he gets frustrated and says he can't predict the future. 

He's certainly not predicting this. If only because he's not fucking listening. 

Of course it's not just him. I'm just sad. My life has no future. I'm never going to have the things I want. When I shut my eyes, I'm lying in the bedroom of my nice big house beside my husband (it's him of course) and I get up and I cradle the baby and kiss it's soft cheek and im happy. But in real life, I'm lying here alone, on my mattress on the floor, too poor to afford a fucking boxspring. I don't even know if I have money for rent. 

I used to love writing. This is probably going to be the last thing I ever write and it's shit. 

I love him so much. Why can't he see my potential as a lover, a mate, a partner in life?