I can’t be stuck at home any longer.I thought I could keep doing this for awhile. Living I mean. My household is far from ideal but it hurts more admitting how much it has affected me once I know compared to others it isn’t that bad. My mom emotionally abuses me and gaslights me every chance she has. My dad is so optimistic it hurts after he was a shitty lying manipulating father for the first 10 years of my life but somehow if any take anything he says seriously.

The one thing I’m supposed to be is productive. I’m supposed to have drive and will. At school people think of me as some glorified smart person who isn’t in the same group as the rest. Ever since this quarantine I’ve been stuck at home. Whenever I’m home I just feel sick and stuck. My room makes me want to curl up in a ball and do nothing from all the times I’ve cried and cried and then my mom barging in and half ass apologizing. It always ends with a version of “you’re the dramatic mentally ill one not me. This is how the world is. Grow up.”. I just feel like I can’t do anything when I’m stuck in my room but I don’t want to leave and face my other family members with equal weight. 

School was my place. I had close relationships with all my teachers. I don’t feel safe in my own home emotionally and mentally therefore my video calls and emails with my teachers and therapist are just empty. My mom goes through my emails and texts sometimes and who knows if she decides to come into my room without knocking or listen in. 

I should have what most people desire but a paralyzing family situation. The guilt eats away and being locked in with them has only made my high functioning depression turn to not at all. I’m a A/A- student, a decent athlete, a hard worker but all at once it feels taken away from me. I’m trying to be me but it hurts so much when I’m at home. All the words my mom and dad have said echo in the walls making2 me feel physically ill. 

Living like this.. I can’t. This quarantine? How long is it supposed to last? Months? A year? I’d rather die than deal with this all. Confrontation only leads to more and more tears as I get called a liar and delusional. I wish I wasn’t an “ emotionally gifted child “ once how others feel just makes it become the center of how I feel. 

I doubt anyone read this. I’m just sick and tired. All that I am is slipping. My friends have stopped texting me first leaving me just alone and getting one word answers when I text them..

I’ve been telling myself to persevere but this week has been the longest of my life. If I died the news would travel slow. I know where’d I do it. Far from home, the woods where no one goes. My window is on ground floor. I’d just have to open it and bike for a few miles. Leave a note on my bed saying “call the police. I’m dead in the woods”. 

Is this truly just how my life has to go?