Really want to dieDeath has been on my mind since I was very little. When I was 12 I started thinking that life is not for me. At 13, I watched the trains go by. Its always been there in my head, Im going to die, I cant stay. Its just not me.

I started thinking.. What age is the longest I can keep going? 26? I always fuck things up. I dont know the social language. I dont have any friends. I never wanted kids or a life for myself.

A year ago I had enough. I was empty and scared too. Searched for help but no place wanted to help me. I was too difficult and unpredictable for them to help. I understand why and I dont blame them.

Somehow in all the darkness someone came to my life and made me feel something I never felt before. I want a life with this man. I want to have his kids. Make food for him, do everything for him. I want to live. 

I met him, I was not sure but I fell in love. I never felt more safe or home with anyone before, all dark thoughts that been there for years was gone, he saved me. I had alot of relationships before. Even a really long "perfect" one before this man.

I travel almost half the world to be with him. I never liked traveling. He started to show a weird side after that. He started to keep things for himself and even if I wrote to him once or twice a day he felt like I was too much. I never been a jealous one or had problem breaking up with someone if they are mean. But this person saved my life, Im scared he will leave. He is very different, complains alot. I cant even ask what his doing. Im a background piece for him even if he is a little bit open about me. It makes me confused. I try to imagine that we are not together to make it easier for me.

He was so mean to me once, I lost all feelings. But I still see a future with him but I hate him. I dont know what to do. Sometimes I question his behavior but he gets crazy mad saying that im the one fucking things up. Not him.

Im starting to go back to the same page as before but Im no longer scared. I laugh if I bleed. I feel happy if my body get hurt. It feels right. I want to sleep forever. 

Im having a bath right now and I want to die here in the warm water. I can feel myself bleeding out here. If there is panic its just a part of the body responding. My end is coming even tho I wish the man of my life could come back like he was in the beginning. I dont think he will. Im heartbroken but not suprised.

Everything just proved to me the thing I always thought. Life is just not for me.