Impulsively SuicidalI’m 31 years old. I had a very fractured and abusive home life growing up, with an alcoholic stepfather who threatened to kill me regularly, an (also alcoholic) absent/avoidant mom, and an absentee/abusive *real* father. I had no friends in high school bc of my bad home life and the fact that I was overweight. 

In college, i lost weight &amp; I fell prey to partying with empty rich sociopathic girls, who drained me and tried to alternately abuse me and control me. They were and are compulsive liars who use people and throw them away. I spent way too much time in college racking up debt and did a mediocre job as a result. 

I’ve moved to Seattle recently, gotten a decent job, but the money isn’t enough to live comfortably. I have no friends and I’ve tried repeatedly to make them out here, but no one ever sticks around. I don’t have a car and can’t afford one right now. I also don’t drink bc it makes me sick and depressed, and clearly I also come from a family of alcoholics. So that cuts out a lot of socializing. 

I have a very introverted boyfriend of a year and a half, who I spend most of my time with. He has a car, makes about twice as much as I do &amp; has very little debt.  I think he’s growing sick of me. He refuses to move in with me and now wants to study to get another degree &amp; let me know that it would take up most of his time while he’s not working. I personally think this is a move to get away from me. He doesn’t really have any friends either, aside from coworkers. I don’t really care for his coworkers bc they party and drink too much. 

My family is scattered all over the country and isn’t really communicative. I have two siblings, none of us are married or have children. My estranged father is in a nursing hone with early onset alcohol-induced dementia. My mother leads a solitary life with her dog &amp; has no financial or emotional support to give. 

I have no support system here in Seattle. No one cares about me, or wants to be my friend. All of my friends from home hometown actively don’t like me, or have just withered and fallen away. 

I hate my body, I hate aging, and I think I have aged poorly. I have severe body dysmorphia and can’t stand the sight of myself. I have no desire to have children, I have no desire to create *anything*, and I only see my life getting worse and lonelier as it goes on. I only see the world getting uglier as it goes on. 

I might impulsively kill myself. The pain coursing through me is sometimes so intense that it feels like my spine is a lightning rod. I want to cut into myself, to punish and destroy myself. I feel as though I was an ugly accident, a misfire, an abomination. I wasn’t meant to exist, and the only thing that would set that right would be to end my life.