Third times a charm right?I think I'm finally ready to try again. Bear with me, I'll try to keep it short.

*sigh*

I've attempted suicide twice in my 34 years of living. The first time was in 2008 when I was still in college, I stuffed the tail pipe of my car but I chickened out. Second time I was on xanies to help my depression while being abused by my ex. I got drunk at his company party and on the way home from NYC I tried to climb down on a train platform.

Been hospitalized three times. Been in a two year long program. Diagnosed ptsd, three added years of therapy. Tried so many meds only to discover I'm highly allergic to SSRIs and almost developed Parkinsons from untreated akastisia (can never spell it right).

I self medicate now with weed, but I never had the money to get my legal card in NJ.

Dad died of a stroke while I was homeless in 2013. I was running away from my ex who beat me a lot, and during that spell I was sexually assaulted by my brother at a concert right before my dad died. My older brother was a horribly abusive drug addict and even stole my money, my car, and a lot of my gaming and music production equipment while I was bed ridden and in the hospital.

He died last year from an overdose. I tried to tell my family for years how he abused me and shouldn't be enabled but I lost all their love in that process as well.

I live with my mom now to care for her since my brother died, I've been working full time again and was about to move into my first very own apartment this year and was completely recovered. But the pandemic stole four years of my progress and I'm spiraling again. All my coping skills are gone. I can't medicate with weed anymore, my dealer cut me off cold turkey because of the pandemic. I can't work out... I'm too depressed to write and I'm becoming sicker daily from my ptsd and celiacs disease. I stopped eating last week.

I've only known abuse my whole life. I take care of my mom because of guilt and I know I have to because, well fuck she's my mom. But daily she makes me weep. I care for her every need as she lays in bed by choice for the past year. Never leaves her bed for any reason. But she always reminds me how she wishes I was dead and her son was in my place. Once I told her that my brother abused me sexually, she said I'd get over it because she did too with her brother and I have to deal with it for the benefit of his kids. I can't look at her some days. When I came home to see my family after my dad died, she told he he died knowing I hated him and she'd never forgive me for that. Even though her son tried to rape me. She doesn't want to love me because I chose to sleep in my car than to go back to man that beat me. She loved my ex and always reminded me that losing him was a mistake.

I can't go on anymore. Not another day. I was so fucking close to finally being free of torture and suffering. I had a car, a real job with benefits, some friends... About to move out and never look back.

It's all gone now. My car died on March 26th, it needs 2k in repairs. I can't get it fixed, I'm trapped in my room, I'm trying to find a remote job... I can't. I can't take it anymore. The constant fighting. The constant reminders that I was mistake. That I should be dead and my addict brother should be here instead because he had kids and I won't. I haven't smoked in weeks and I lost my will to live. I haven't left my bed in days as my mom screams at me how much she hates me for not taking her dog out this morning.

I should just make her happy already and give her what she wants. If I find my brother in hell I'll tell him mom wants him back so he needs to haunt her apartment or something.

There's literally nothing left for me to do now but die.

There are no more options for me even if I kept fighting and trying. I don't have the strength anymore.