This is my story...Hello, my name is Paul. I am 37 years old and from an outsider's perspective you could say that I have a lived a charmed live. I have a well paying job where I am liked and respected, I am financially well off, I have no kids, no responsibilities, no debt, and the freedom to do whatever I want whenever I want...yet here i am posting to /r/suicidewatch because I hate myself, I don't understand what my purpose is, and I don't understand why I exist.

I was married and had two wonderful step-children up until recently. I met my ex-wife at my job, we were together for 5 years total, married for a year and a half, had a great house with pool, and were living the stereotypical suburban life. Our marriage started going south because I was too much of a homebody and she ended up cheating on me with a co-worker. (Yes, we all work for the same company and I still have to see them on a regular basis) She repeatedly gas-lighted me about it until I finally snapped and filed for divorce and moved out. The divorce was final about 3 months ago and she had to pay me a significant amount of money because she wanted to keep the house. I'm currently renting a townhouse that I absolutely love, bought a new car, and invested the remaining money she paid me and have somehow managed to turn a very nice profit on it. (check my other posts for verification - /r/wallsteetbets).

At this point you're probably saying "Why the hell is this asshole posting here if he's doing just fine for himself?" and you would be right...so many people on here have been dealt horrifically worse hands than I have and my heart goes out to each and every one of them. I am not worthy of the good fortune that's been bestowed upon me when there are other people in this world that have suffered more than I have...and that makes me feel awful.

The truth is my divorce has turned me into a terrible person. I am a functional alcoholic that hates everyone, hates the idea of love, and believes that everyone is just trying to use everyone else for some sort of gain or sadistic pleasure. But my inner true self still wants to believe that this world of ours is a good place where people care about one another, look after each other, help each other, and try to leave things better than we found it.

It's this internal battle and struggle within me that drives me to want to kill myself. If I can no longer be a positive influence to other people, then why the fuck am I here? Why am I here breathing oxygen and sucking up resources from other people? I feel like I could be much more content if I just stopped being a burden and weight on other people if I'm not going to amount to anything.  I wish I could find the strength to slit my wrists, OD on pills, or buy a gun and put a bullet through my skull while sitting in the bathtub. 

Until I'm able to do that, I want apologize to each and everyone one of you for taking up space and not doing a better job with the life I was given.