Physically broken at 21 and in a serious slump. Don't know what to do anymore.I feel really weird about sharing all of this here, but I don't know who else to turn to. I've always been kind of introverted, and I've suffered from self esteem issues my entire life. I really got into fitness later on in high school, and it drastically improved my life. I was strong, fit, and for once in my life I actually felt good about myself. When I was 18 I left home and joined the army. I was seriously injured jumping out of a plane almost a year ago, and I now have several herniated discs in my lower back, arthritis from fractures sustained during my fall, arthritis in my neck, as well as herniated discs, arthritis in my knees and a dislocated shoulder. It seems like a petty issue but having to give up my passions of running and lifting have been absolutely devastating. I've lost nearly 30 pounds since my injury, and I'm absolutely worthless to my peers now. I've always thought I'd be active my whole life, but at near 21 years old I already have the body of an old man. All I do with life is sit around uselessly, I've been waiting for near a year now to medically discharge. I watch my body wither, and with it my self confidence. I know it sounds really stupid, but I'm worried about how this will affect me trying to get in a relationship. I've never had a girlfriend in my entire life, and I always wanted to get to know what that deeper connection feels like, what it's like to love. I'm afraid now I never will, as I know no one wants to be with someone who is broken. Every day, from the moment I get out of bed until I sleep, I am in constant pain all through my body. Nothing that I have done or been given has helped. The doctors here have given me a grim prognosis for my future, which I try not to listen to, but still, I think about it at times. On my worst days I really do think about killing myself. I just don't see the purpose in going on with so much pain. It has sucked the joy out of my life. I'm treated like shit because I'm hurt by my peers, I'm alone in a desolate base thousands of miles from home, quite simply I'm fucking miserable. The only things stopping me from killing myself is I know it would devastate my family, and honestly I'm just too much of a bitch to actually do it. I guess I'm just waiting to die, whether it be tomorrow or decades filled with pain later. I know it's odd telling all my problems to the world like this, but I just don't know where to turn. I don't want to live in pain anymore. I want to know what love is. I want to run again. Be strong again. I just think now I never will.