My girlfriend has suicidal thoughts.Hello,

I'm not really sure how to go about this, but i'll try.
I have been with my girlfriend for about 6 months now, and known her for about a year and a half. More and more have I seen sign of her thinking/talking about suicide. She has had a rough past, with an abusive father towards her, her mom and her brother. This has scarred her well enough, physically and mentally. She had explained to me that for a long time she thought it was normal for the husband/father to be abusive in a family. All of the events that have happened when she was younger, has made her believe many negative things about her. She has also been bullied in highschool. This all causes her to have ''mental breakdowns'' is what I'll call them. They usually happen after something negative, like if she messed something up, or if she thinks she dissapointed me. I'll throw in stuff she has mentioned along the way, and that stand out to me. ''I'm worthless'' ''Everybody wants me dead'' ''I'm better of dead/i'll do everyone a favor if i'm dead'' ''Nobody loves me/nobody would miss me when i'm dead''. She has been seeing a counsellor for about 5 years now. I honestly think it's doing fuck all for her. I've asked her many times if she has mentioned it to her mom, or anyone else for that matter. She says her mom ''ignores'' her, and i've heard the mom say that she doesn't believe she'll do it. Basically the mom is clueless, and has no idea what is going on. Everytime she's in a breakdown, I'll try to comfort her by telling her the opposite of what she says, and i'd like to think i'm a pretty good boyfriend to her. It's also very hard to tell her anything that she did wrong, because she'll end up having a breakdown. Tonight it has happened again, and i'm most likely going to step forward to her mom in the next few days. I would really like some advice/help or anything that matters on this subject. I'm just really having a hard time, and I'm starting to think that the situation is out of my control.

I greatly appreciate anyone who took the times to read this, and comment. I'm sorry if this is all over the place, but it's past midnight, and I need to sleep real bad. If there are any questions, please ask them. Thanks so much in advance.