Reddit, my friend is chronically depressed/suicidal and I need advise on how to helpThrowaway to keep identities safe.
Backstory: My close friend, lets call her Claire, has had a history of depression, trust issues, and a rough childhood that comes from her unloving father that has mistreated her since her birth. I met Claire in high school through a common interest of hiking and we used to go on hiking adventures with her and a group of friends. During these hikes, we have deep talks when she would tell me about her depression and her unstable family life. She tells me that hiking is her catharsis and keeps her mind off problems at home. She would also tell me about her dreams of going to college and leaving her family, hopeful to turn a new leaf and be successful on her own. I saw Claire as a confident and powerful woman who would pursue her goals with such passion. It was inspiring to witness her succeed. She was accepted to a prestigious university and when I visited her, she told me how much fun she was having and introduced me to her new friends whom she calls family. It was very heartwarming and I wished her nothing better. 

Today, everything changed when Claire asks my friend, who deals drugs, for pills. My friend is fine selling drugs to people for recreational use, but he knew that Claire has had a history of depression and unstable mental health. Fortunately, my friend sees this as strange and decides to ask me for advise. He sends me their text messages and immediately I realize that Claire's ulterior motive for the drug is to kill herself. Worried, I send her a text to console her and remind her that suicide is not the answer to her depression and offer her a safe outlet to talk and hopefully remedy the situation. She accepts the offer. She immediately tells me that she wanted to use the pills to kill herself, confirming my suspicions. She tells me that my friend was one of her last resorts because it was difficult for her finding drugs on campus. It gave me comfort that she has no access to drugs so no rash decisions could be made. Claire continues to tell me that she has felt this way since her childhood, and has just lost her passion to live. I remind her about how her amazing time in college and her new friends and use that to remind herself that she is not alone with nothing to live for. She then admits that that was all a facade and she has been depressed this whole time. Claire tells me she suppressed these feelings because she thought it would go away. Unfortunately, it grew worse and worse as she slowly became more cynical and depressed. She then tells me about her last month. She had a mental breakdown about a month ago and was sent to the hospital to treat her depression. She was put on antidepressants and sent to a psychiatrist to console her thoughts and help her through her depression. Claire tells me she tried telling a few friends about her suicidal thoughts and how they did not believe her and thought she was seeking attention. She was filled with rage as she told me this and I was sad because there are still people who believe that their friend's suicidal thoughts are a joke. She has grown more cynical from these responses and has decided to keep her intentions a secret due to the unsuccessful responses from her friends. Claire continues, telling me that she has been progressively getting worse as the month progressed and the hospital's only remedy is to increase the dosage. Antidepressants only fix the physical pain of depression but she is still mentally hurt. Her psychiatrist is terrible, as she has an innate hatred towards her due to her cynical personality. She adamantly believes the psychiatrist is only there to make money and does not care about her. I remind her that not all humans are selfish and people love helping each other. Claire pushes away my message and continues to talk. She then begins calling herself a defective human being and does not think she deserves to be alive. At this point, I am shocked beyond belief because I have never suspected her to be in this state. Additionally, I am too naïve to properly deal with this situation and fear for the next hour, as this conversation either holds her life together or throws her deeper into depression. I think fast and begin to remind her about her passions: nature, hiking, and her other small hobbies. I wanted her to see that there is happiness in life and that suicide would tear her away from those joys, but she just ignores this and tells me that those were just distractions and the enjoyment was slowly fading. I then tell her how other people truly care about her well-being but she counters that by stating she has no family, no true friends, and no safe social haven. She tells me how she thought if she disappeared, nobody would care. I stop her and remind her that there are people who care about her. I am not sure if she truly believed in my words at that moment, but I did not know anything else to say. Claire continues to tell me other causes of her decision to commit suicide. She tells me that she has been reading the Bible and told me that people who die return home to God. In the past, she was afraid to commit suicide because she believed that she would go to hell, but she does not care at this point and thinks that the relief of pain is more enticing to her. I tell her that what she read in the Bible was interpreted differently. I tell her how people are alive for a reason and they cannot "return home to God" until they have properly completed their life on Earth, and ending life early will not bring her true comfort. She then tells me that she does not think she has a purpose in life due to her lack of passion and that life was going to end anyway. I panicked and began telling her stereotypical responses such as her "having so much to live for" and that "suicide is not going to make anything better." In hindsight, I truly regret these responses and believe I could have told her something better at that moment. She did not respond well to them as she told me those statements were cliché and meant nothing to her. But, I remind her things are cliché because they are true. I remind her about her current job and her life goals, hoping to rekindle the fire that was once there. I think it was at this point that she began to not feel completely hopeless, but still not as mentally safe as I wanted her to be. We then diverted topics and she asks me if my friend told me about her asking for drugs. I told her I was told that she was asking for drugs and that because we loved and cared about her, we refused to give it to her. Through the phone, I could feel her happiness and was glad that she felt the message of love and care coming from our actions. We then begin talking about the past few months and plans for the summer, diverting away from the topic. Sometimes we grow quiet and pick up the conversation five minutes later. I knew she just needed company. Two hours later from the start of the conversation, Claire tells me how she is worried our friend is mad at her for lying, but I remind her that he is exclusively worried about her well-being and nothing else matters. I can feel a sigh of relief come from her and I tell her to call him later to apologize to him after this phone call. She agrees and wanted to hang up soon to call him to apologize. Before she hangs up I make her a list of things to after the phone call. 1) Call the friend she lied to and apologize and to talk to him about what we talked about. 2) Get a new psychiatrist due to her bad relationship with her current psychiatrist. 3) Read stories about people with suicidal thoughts who recovered and live happy lives when they get better. The list had nothing but good intentions from me and I thought these would help her. She then thanks me again for listening to her and I remind her that I love her and was glad that she opened up to me. Then she hung up. 

So, I am here to explain the situation and ask:
1) What can she do to help herself? 
2) What actions do I need to take the next day? I am planning to text her the next morning to get an update on her health and to create a connection as she is recovering. Is there anything else I can or should do?
3) What did I do well and what did I do wrong? This is the first time I have every been exposed to this situation and I would like to handle any situation like this better in the future. 

Thank you very much for reading and any help is greatly appreciated. I wish nothing but the best for my friend and wish her a safe recovery. I will continue to come back to this page for advise. 

UPDATE: I texted Claire and asked her how she was doing. She said she has calmed down and is mostly confused and stressed about the whole situation and her mental state. I replied that I could never understand what she was going through right now, but that she is strong and I believed that she is able to overcome this obstacle. I then asked her if she called our friend who she tried to get the pills from. She told me she did and how they talked about drugs and therapy and why they were not helping her. My friend told her that antidepressants do not help entirely and how it is more important to find a therapist who genuinely cares for her and whom she can trust. I remind her once again that we all care about her and that we wish nothing but the best for her well-being. She then thanks me and my friend and she tells me she feels much more calm then yesterday and how she felt better. She continues saying how yesterday she would have taken the pills on impulse if she had the option but now, she is thinking more rationally. She did realize that the was impulsive and irrational last night so I believe I have helped her a bit. I need to continue to help her recover and see life in a different perspective, one where she does not think suicide is her solution. Thank you to the people who took the time to help my counseling and who fixed my methods. I have learned a lot from this experience and hope that I can utilize these tools to help her completely recover :)
