I am tired of livingMy head hurts as I write this. I wrote another post on r/self where I did not go into detail. I don't have anyone who I can talk to about this so I talk here. 
I can't trust anyone in this world. I constantly feel like everyone I talk to might use it to harm in some way. The rare instances where I open up, I scold myself internally. I don't remember the last time I had anyone to talk to about myself. I have dealt with suicidal thoughts since I was maybe 13 or 14. I had an abusive childhood. I tried to kill myself a bunch of times, I lost count. I ended up in the hospital once. I used to self harm but stopped &amp; have stopped myself from doing it for the last few months. My last relationship, which ended a year ago broke me. I became addicted to sleeping pills which I consciously stopped after I overdosed. We had a brief reunion earlier this year but stopped talking again after a month. Last year, the panic attacks were unbearable. It calmed down a bit at the start of this year. But recently, the mornings have been relentless. I wake up with severe panic attacks, specially vivid images related to my ex. I can't breath &amp; feel like I'm choking on my chest. This lockdown forced me to live with my parents. My father constantly screams for no reason &amp; triggers me. He constantly goes into his old habits &amp; screams at me even we don't talk at all. I am 21 years old. I work out fairly often, do yoga &amp; other forms of mental &amp; physical exercises. I see the beauty in this world, I see love in people. God knows I have my own share of wrongdoings. In relationships specially, where I failed constantly. I am trying to get better everyday. But at the end of the day, I end up where I started. Wanting to die because this life feels overwhelming. The pain feels like it's choking me. I don't like the fact I have to do so much just to stop myself from killing myself. I don't remember shit about my school life, barely any memory from my college. University felt okay until I had my breakup, now i am haunted by my memories of that place. I had a chance to go to Canada for uni but I blew that way. I am in no means a good man. But I tried, I tried every time. I still failed. Now I drown. I feel numb these days, completely numb or in severe pain. I don't how much longer I have.