Exhausted by my own negativity	For the past two years or so it’s been a struggle, or maybe it’s always been a struggle and I’m just more aware of it.  I have bad days and worse; today was one of the worse.  All day today I was felt as if my head would explode from all the compulsive, negative thoughts swirling around in it; those fucking voices reminding me how stupid and useless I am.  I just wanted someone to ram a spear through my fucking chest.  Somehow I managed to get through the day yesterday without feeling suicidal, then I have a day like today and I get so mired in self-loathing that I can’t even remember what it was like to feel at least kind of normal the day before.  I feel like soon enough I’ll get too tired of these dramatic lows that I’ll try in earnest to kill myself.
	I’m a fairly compulsive person, and the things in life that bring me pleasure are fairly trivial and fleeting.  Luckily I have had the willpower to give up the more self-destructive things that I used to rely on for pleasure like weed, alcohol and porn, but now I’m even beginning to become desensitized to my ‘healthier’ alternatives like exercise, healthy food, music, movies etc. and just like those less healthy compulsions the high from each subsequent fix feels shorter and shorter.
	I’ve tried shifting the focus off of myself and trying to concentrate on working hard and volunteering for organizations I care deeply about, but these things leave me anxious and overly stressed about making my boss’s life easy and worrying about bigger things like environmental degradation and abuse against women.  I somehow make these things my personal responsibility and then get depressed over my inability to make everything work, which I know sounds absurd, but my nails get chewed down to nubs nevertheless.  I’m able to deal with the fact that I have a dead-end job because of a useless arts degree and that I still live in my mom’s basement at 25, but at this point the ‘little things in life’ that are supposed to make it all worthwhile aren’t working anymore.  It’s all just so fucking exhausting.