I'm not sure what to do?Hi, I'm 18 and I've been thinking about Suicide for a long time(probably 7 years) While I've never attempted, I have thought of hundreds of ways too end it. It started with my home life and my father who I would see every summer because I love with my mom and he served multiple tours in the military. So basically he always made me feel like nothing. He spanked me until I was 10 and has verbally abused me long before that. He would call me things like retard and faggot and other harsh names even though I was only in eight grade at the time. He would yell at me and scream about me dragging my feet or leaving a cabinet open. Anything I did warranted an aggressive response from him. So I left there and came back to live with my mother in the tenth grade. Then I started being bullied by punks and kids who were in the grade lower. They would call me many names which I often tried to ignore but sometimes I couldn't and it would get through and mess with me. This continued into the 11th grade and through this whole time I was thinking how easy it would be to stab them with one of our graphite pencils or knifes that we had in my design class. Those thoughts of injuring them or worse caused me to go over the edge and think how bad I was. So I ended up moving back in with my dad for senior year to get away from the bullying and the death threats one kid would say to me. So I went to a private school the same one in 8th an 9th. I started the year out fine but still being tormented by my father constantly. I thought about grabbing one of the many guns and shooting myself then and there but then it would cause me to think about the after affects. Who I would leave behind friends family. So I went on putting up with this torment daily which made me once grab a gun point it at myself and pull the trigger( it wasnt loaded but I wanted to see if I could). Then less than halfway through the year I got expelled for nude pictures being sent to some people when they weren't supposed too. It later turned into a suspension and I came back the next week. This led me to try killing myself a few times in that week with my belt and other things but I never went all the way. I came back to school completely humiliated and feeling like trash. I got "through" this but then later in the year I got arrested for underage drinking at a party with a few friends. This finally made me break down after being released into my stepmothers care and going home. I finally told my dad that he made me want to kill myself many times. He cried and told me not to because he wanted to change which he did for a while. I lied and said I wouldn't. I then told two of my best friends and they said they are here for me. This gave me some relief. So as I'm sitting here thinking about college and the military I've also been thinking alot about killing my self daily. That is my story thank you.