I can’t take it anymoreLong time lurker, first time poster. 

All my life I’ve been the last choice, backup, a contingency plan etc. I’m never accepted and nobody can look me in the eyes and say “this is the one”. On the surface my life is great, decent looks, nice job, nice car etc. But within me all I have experienced my whole life was pain. Nobody wants me, the ones who do end up leaving me for someone better. This toxic cycle has caused me to gain the satisfaction from as many people as I could. My last girlfriend left me for a bigger stronger man. My current one was never satisfied by me because of my size. I always knew it but she would never tell me and make up lies saying how I was fine and perfect. 

Today we had a huge fight and all of the truth comes out. She told me how she’d fake it, I’ll never find anybody that would like me in that facet of life, she could never feel me and I was garbage in bed. 

And you know what? I don’t blame her. I don’t know why I’ve been cursed like this in life but it is what it is. I will never be a first choice and I’ll never be a man that someone wants in society. Societal norms these days have put so much pressure on men to be physically gifted and I cannot provide this to anybody. Nobody has ever wanted me as their first choice. Always the nice guy but never THE guy. 

By nature I’m a lover. Nobody loves me the way I’d love them. Nobody ever will. I never even loved myself. I thought this was the one but today I know it was just like everything else. A lie. In love life or real life I am never wanted. Can’t even find a new job since nobody wants to hire me after they get a look at me in the first round of interviews. For a while I thought this was my soulmate that actually accepted me. Little did I know it wasn’t. 

I don’t want to be another body or another person to anybody else. All I wanted to be was to be accepted in all facets in life including physical. I will never find that and I will never supply that. It’s been an identity issue with myself since I’ve hit puberty and today I cannot take it anymore. I’ve reached my limit. 

Appreciate this subreddit through my ups and downs but this is my final goodbyes. Take care.