Feeling overwhelming shameWell.. i originally made this reddit profile for this sub, but came out of the hard feelings that overwhelmed me at the time. I was a heavy drug user and hallucinations caused suicidal tendencies at the time. Ive been clean for almost 3 months now, but, things are feeling awful again. 

A little back story to why i feel as i do. A couple years ago i got divorced and since then i haven't been in my daughters life, my fault. I abandoned them. It haunts me. I tried to see my daughter back in March of this year. I went to my ex wifes house and long story short cops were called and i was arrested. Im facing 20 years in prison due to that arrest. My trial is in january. I lost my career due to my arrest and i have been out of work since march. Luckily my mother has let me stay with her. Ive lost seemingly everything that used to be my life and everyday that passes i miss my daughter more and more. I feel im going to end up in prison for a long time. Life on standby for 20 years. My kid.. older than i am now when i get released. 

I dream of my little girl, and my ex wife, a lot. Its a constant burden that's hanging over me... thinking of them, even tho they have both long forgot me. My ex wife has a restraining order on me since my arrest and its the most pain ive been in. Feeling like a piece of trash. I dont want to live a life in prison. I dont want to live a life without my little girl. I want to go back to the drugs. Right now i drown myself in alcohol and smoke weed just to feel anything other than sadness and hopelessness. Ive talked to a therapist in the past about all of this and they throw "youre going thru a lot right now all at once, its going to be overwhelming."

In my mind.. i know that the life i used to have will never return to me. Thats what haunts me. I just wanna hold my little girl and hear her laugh. Tuck her in at night. But i wont get that. 

I think im going to write my ex wife a letter soon, eventhough im legally restricted. But it'll give me some closure, just to let her know.

Im having to drive across country in two weeks and in my mind that would be the best time to disappear. Im scared tbh. Im ashamed i messed up my life and left my girl without her dad. Im glad this platform exists so i can get this out of my head. 