Im ashamed of who I amwhen I was 18 I became truly depressed for the first time. I went to public school and finished grade 12 and had a part time job. I realized life can be hard and I would need to learn how to get up when I fall but I nothing could prepare me for the state of mind I ended up in. The way people can be towards each other and the structure of western society did not appeal to me. My experiences with my peers in school and with adults like my parents and teachers made me miserable. I dint want to grow up and do all these things that are expected of me I didnt want any of it. I took my bike one night and rode down to the part of town where theres lots of homeless and drug users and I founds some one to buy me a 26oz of rum from the liquor store, I then rode back across town to my favorite place near a river. I drank that bottle and and tryed to open up my wrist enough to bleed out but i just ended up passing out from the drink and the pain and lots of crying beforehand. the next day was a very hot day in mid summer and the sun was high so it was about 12:00. I was soo dehydrated i could barely move, the sun had been cooking me out in the open for hours and if i didnt have the river so close I'm pretty sure i would have died from dehydration and a minor amount of blood loss. later on i tried to get back on my bike to go home and made it back to a road when I lost conciseness for a moment and feel into a ditch on the side of the road filled with black berry's but someone driving up the road saw me fall in and managed to pull me out. My family was devastated to learn what i had done i was rushed to a hospital as soon as i got home because the police where already there talking to my parents. I spent the rest of the day in the hospital vomiting up river water and talking blood samples. That was 10 years ago now, last night i lost my drivers licence for the third and probably final time , this pretty much destroys my future career plans and what little self esteem I had. My life feels like a nightmare, everything I wanted to avoid by killing myself when i was 18  has happend and its worse then I had imagined even when things have been going good theres a piece of me missing and I cant be happy, I shut myself off from the world , no friends , no girl, no idea how to be happy.. theres something clearly wrong here, Im a good looking well mannerd young man with a family that loves and supports me I have way more to live for them most and im clearly a ungratefull peice of shit , i dont deserve my family ive caused them soo much pain over the years and the thought of hurting them more is the only thing thats been stoping me from another attempt.. I dont  think im going to make it anymore , I cant be the man i want to be i cant even take care of myself anymore.