How do I make it stopWho knew hanging around them would make this all happen? I was just looking for friends my own age. Well, I can’t blame them because they were just being themselves. Maybe it was me; maybe it was just me. But I was just being myself too.

The move wasn’t just hard because I was an outsider who couldn’t speak their language fluently; no. It was also that I was someone they didn’t expect to be. I wasn’t stereotypical, and I grew up in a different way; a way none of the others had grown up. It wasn’t hard for me to understand how they grew up, why was it so hard for them to understand mine? I would cry every time they’d call me that. Every. Single. Time. Maybe I don’t show it anymore like I used to, but I still always cry. It’s as simple as a sentence for them, but it’s my self-confidence, my self-esteem, my anxiety, my identity and my existence. Oh, if I only knew how much worse things would get and how it wouldn’t change at all, I perhaps wouldn’t have prolonged living for so long. Perhaps I shouldn’t prolong it now as well. Why am I still here?

All of those things, which I think I had before it all started, has dissipated completely. Now, every time I breathe I hate myself more. Every time I walk, I can’t stop thinking about how stupid I probably look. Every time I talk I think about how squeaky my voice sounds. Just that one sentence.

Maybe people don’t say it anymore, but those voices definitely restate those words again and again. How do I make all the voices stop? They never go away. All those voices make it all worse.

But, hey, it “gets better”. I don’t know if I actually believe that sentence, but HOW could it get worse? Life has always found a way. But how? It’s bad enough

Maybe death is how it finally gets better? It's in a way a sad feeling but also a very peaceful one. It's comforting knowing that there is nothing I have to worry about. I don’t have to worry about that one thought that never went away or that class which I couldn’t succeed in.

I don’t know how to conclude this. Should I die or continue existing? I’m not sure, but I can’t take this much longer. I can’t meet anyone without me wondering if they’re thinking that one thing. But I’m not that, as much as I wish I were, so it could stop hurting every time; But I’m not