So I'm quite scared ..I don't even know how to get started. I'm 17 years old, female and I've been depressed for almost 2 years. My mother claims that I have seasonal affective disorder (SAD) since I'm mostly depressed at autumn/winter. I may or may not have more diagnoses but that's not what I want to write to you guys about.

I have a long distance relationship with my boyfriend and we live about 550 kilometres from each other (340 miles) and it takes nine hours to travel by train to him. We met about one and a half year ago and by then I was suicidal. Because of him I saw some hope in life and quit the plans for my second suicide attempt. Since then it's been alright, tho I've been sad and hopeless and such, but I've never tried to commit suicide again.

The main problem is one thing. My boyfriend finishes his education this summer. We've planned that he should come to my city, find a job and apartment and then we would move in together and live happily ever after or something like that. Recently I've searched about jobs and apartments and I found out (also with the help of an older friend) that it can take years to find an apartment where I live and quite a while to find a job with an steady income that my boyfriend likes. Due to parents that don't understand me, he can't live in our house for longer than like 2 months even though we have a really big house.

If he doesn't find a job or apartment, that means we will have to break up since if we don't, we will only be able to meet each other in summer and winter break for three years or even more, and none of us see any hope in such a relationship.

The struggle is that if we were to break up, which seems to be very likely, I don't see any light in life and I think I'd kill myself. I just want this to end up perfectly but appearantly that's not God's plan for me.. my life has been a misery so far and it's about to be so much worse.


-note- I'm talking to counselors and psychiatrists all the time and it doesn't help for shit.