I feel like loneliness is going to kill meThese last 12 months have been atrocious, it’s about to be the anniversary of my grandads death, he passed away this time last year, right before I was meant to move away to university. I ended up missing a lot of my first week, and ended up being a bit of a shut in after that.

Uni was really difficult, I just lost my grandad, and now I was living 500 miles away from my mum, who had cancer, I left after the funeral and she was alright, she could speak, listen and hold a conversation, but when I came home to visit at Halloween, she was not the same. We know now she had a brain tumour and thats why she wasn’t able to communicate so well, and when I came back home at Christmas, she could barely communicate at all, she ended up going into hospital at the start of the new year.

All of January was terrible, my mum was in hospital and I was alone in my house, (I was raised by my single mother and my grandad) so in the matter of a few months, my house went from being full to being empty and this was hard, but I returned to uni at the start of February, said goodbye to my mum, not knowing that was the last time I’d ever speak to her, I ended up getting a call to return just 2 weeks later as my mum was about to die, I managed to get back at 9pm that night, spent a few hours with her (she was in a coma and could not speak), went back to my empty house, and found out in the morning she passed away at about 6am.

That was February, In 5 months I lost the two parental figures in my life and I’ve been alone ever since. I tried going back to uni in march, but ended up just staying in my room for weeks on end, and decided to drop out, so I came home, and for the past 6 months I’ve been so alone, I don’t have friends, I don’t have family, I’m just alone. The closest thing to a friend I have is my stuffed animal, whom I treasure so deeply,

Because of losing both my mum and grandad, and being an only child, Ive been set to inherit a lot of money, to which I can probably survive the rest of my life off of, just wasting away alone in this empty house, I have no drive to do literally anything, don’t want to go back to uni, don’t want a job, don’t even want to get out of bed. I have nothing going for me anymore, and this loneliness is just so hard to keep living with, it’s debilitating.

I have a noose tied upstairs, it’s been there for about a week now, not too sure if I’m ever going to have the courage to use it, I know I want to, but every time Ive put it on, I just feel so defeated and end up going to bed, I don’t know if this is a sign that I don’t want to die, because I really really do. Maybe this post is a sign I don’t want to die, I don’t even know anymore, I wish I could just fall asleep and never wake up.