Feeling hopeless and depressedHello everyone, I am a 23-year-old male who has been unemployed for the past year. I graduated from University late 2014 with a degree in Business Administration. During that time, I also worked in the University part time as an administrative assistant. My duties included data entry, answering phone calls and emails, and sorting and delivering mail. I did this throughout my 4 years in college. During my last year in college, a female coworker threatened me with physical violence, and claimed that her boyfriend, who was about to be released from jail, would come after me. She threatened me because her friend, another female coworker and I were getting along well. She felt jealous about this and began to slander me. In fact, the other female coworker explained to me that the crazy coworker was coming on to her saying stuff like “Only a woman knows what a woman needs” and other flirtatious comments. I have nothing against people’s sexual preferences, but slander and threats are a different matter. I felt very uncomfortable by this crazy coworker and told my supervisor. His reaction was “you’re still alive aren’t you?”. He made no effort to reprimand the coworker or show any concern for my safety. I then went to Human Resources, and told the HR manager the situation and she just brushed it off as if it were not important. She then contacted the director for my department and had me demoted with fewer working hours (punishment for whistleblowing). The coworker who threatened me kept her job, and was not reprimanded.

Upon graduation, I left the job voluntarily and began to look for work. Jobs that I was qualified for did not want to hire me. My gut tells me my former employer is bad mouthing me. No matter how hard I try to find work, it never works out. I stay at home applying for jobs daily and have become so depressed. I really don’t know what to do. I’ve even applied to internships and volunteer positions and to my surprise they ask for prior work experience! What’s the point of an internship then? Although I have experience, it does not match their criteria as they are looking for a specific skillset. I then turned to staffing agencies and have regretted it. They just ask me to fill out forms and give them my references. My references have told me the staffing agencies are soliciting their services and never once asked about me or my work ethic. I can’t believe staffing agencies have come to this. It’s as if they post fake job listings to get job seekers to come in the office, take all their information, and never get them a job. I think they have a daily quota and get paid not to place jobs for job seekers but rather to get their personal information. I don’t know what to do anymore.

I contacted the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) in 2014 to report my former employer for demoting me in retaliation for whistleblowing, but they are so backed up with cases they won’t get to mine until late next year. Even then I doubt anything will be done about this. I even contacted attorneys in employment law and they all ask about my current job and salary. When I tell them I am unemployed, they refuse to take the case as I can’t afford to pay them.

I hate my life. I have thought of suicide in the past but kept trying to move forward. Now I have no reason to live. I have no money, no job, no friends, and no purpose. I have searched for ways to painlessly kill myself, but have no luck. All I see are articles as to why I should continue to live in misery. My whole life I have worked hard, and have helped my peers. Now in my time of need no one will help me. All the people I thought were my friends who I have helped numerous times, turned their backs on me. My own relatives don’t even talk to me because they hate my father. I am not responsible for what my father has done. I am my own person. In fact, I don’t even remember my father. He walked out on me when I was very young. I have never heard nor seen him since. I currently live with my mother, and every day she complains about me being unemployed and always finds something to pick at. The stress is unbearable. I just want to die.