been feeling depressed latelyCollege is in no what what I expected it to be. I came here expecting everyone to be chill, without a care in the world, friendly and accepting. The awful days of high school exclusion and being a drifter/loner/loser were meant to be over. The first couple of weeks were great. Now I realize college parties are not all they're cracked up to be. It's not easy to just go to them and meet people, they won't fucking listen and the music is too loud anyways. I always end up going and then feeling awkward as fuck. Well it doesn't help that recently I've been pissing off the 2 girls on my dorm floor whose room all of my friends pregame in. They're too simple minded and arrogant to listen to me about consuming the alcohol I got for the floor, and instead think it was for them and them only. Literally all the friends I go out with on the weekend. I do not feel comfortable hanging out with those bitchy retards, but that basically automatically rules out being with all my other friends. I lost my virginity to one of the girls, and helped both girls out way past what they deserve multiple times.  And they repay me by locking me out of their room when we're all pregaming last night.
My roommate is an asshole. He's a self centered, hypocritical, horny, cliquey bastard. He's not as bad as my other teammate though. The other one influences my roommate and does shit like put shaving cream in my shoes, and water bottle and salt all over my desk and bed. It's fucking bullshit. Those idiots need to fucking realize that we're all on the team and it wouldn't kill them to be a little more accepting. They're two faced bastards, those two. Act cordial enough to your face, and then treat you like shit behind your back. They both deny knowledge of whose fucking with me, but those idiots are the only ones in my fucking room! Do they think I'm stupid? Maybe I'm not a genius, and I can be a little socially awkward at times, but what the fuck man. I'm not rude or an asshole, so why would you set out to make this a strained relationship when there is every reason in the world for us to be friends? Acquaintances at least. 
This entire homecoming weekend is bullshit.  When it all comes down to it, it's just a weekend that people drink more and celebrate more than they usually do for no reason. There will be other huge party weekends. I must find a new group of friends if I'm to make it at this out of state college. Possibly switch rooms or something? I could never actually commit suicide, it would devastate my family. I had to see them go through my uncle's death last year and he was only able to see us but once a year anyways. Causing any harm to myself would be like hurting them. I mostly wrote this to vent and reassess what I want to change and what I need to do to get there.