My girlfriend is going to kill herselfTHE RELATIONSHIP
We started dating 3 years ago, at that time everything was fine and dandy. But months went by and she started being more and more aggressive with me, we were fighting over everything, weekly or every two days. This was the moment I started to change, I thought I could make everything better being more tolerant and patient. But after a year everything was very much worse, she went daily from "you are the best that happened in my life" to "you are the worst that happened in my life" (quoting literally), she started getting physical with me, violent, and threatening me with whatever she though I cared about... like making a scene in front of my friends or trashing my computer. It was definitely enough, I wanted to get away, but now it was too late. She was having problems with everyone else too, her family, her friends, my friends, her flatmate, the people at uni... she was depressed and suicidal. When I was much younger I was depressed and suicidal too, and my girlfriend at the time was not strong enough to see me like that, so she left me. I could fix myself, alone, and I have never thought seriously of suicide again... but I could never forgive her. If I had left my gf, I couldn't have forgiven myself. I haven't stopped wanting to get away, but I can't.

THE RISK
How certain am I that she wants to kill herself? To begin with, she has told me so too many times to count. She has many cuts on her wrist, some are years old, some are weeks old. The old are horizontal, the new are vertical. I have taken knifes out of her hands, rope out of her neck. She says that if I loved her I would let her die, that she would do the same for me. I have thrown away razors and pills I found in her drawers, along with suicide notes to me, to her family, to her friends. She says she is protecting me in case the police wants to incriminate me. I have heard her countless times cry for hours and scream to a pillow like crazy, punch a hole into a door and bang her face against the wall. She says that if I leave her she will kill herself. I imagine the first thing everyone thinks when they hear that last sentence is that she only wants to manipulate me, I sincerely believe that's not it. My mother has always tried to manipulate me telling me that she will die if I do this or don't do that, she is still doing it after so many years, repeating that she is old and that I will regret it forever when she is dead. But my mother wont kill herself, my girlfriend will, and I'm not the only one who believes it.

THE CAUSES
I can't tell what the cause of her depression is exactly, but I can point to many problems in her life. The most important I believe is her family, her mother treats everyone in her family like shit, never giving the smallest demonstration of love, always insulting, always threatening, and it's not as if her threats are empty, she is full of hate. Meanwhile, her father and older brother just ignore her and don't protect my girlfriend either, because they believe there is nothing they can do. My girlfriend is so afraid of her that she has made a world of lies to shield herself. She lies about her job, her studies, her relationship with me... and I mean big lies, including falsified documents from uni and an obsessively tailored online footprint, but all lies have a short life and they are getting harder and harder to keep alive. The next problem is her lack of motivation, she started a career she hates, just to please her mother, and now that she finished uni she can't get job experience and doesn't want to. She spends months disemployed and falls in debt with everyone, out of desperation she takes a shitty job at a call center or retail, stays a couple of months til she can't stand it then spends months disemployed again. Then there is her image, when I met her she was very thin, now she's gained more than 10kg and can't look herself in the mirror. She's also lost most of her libido because of this (and the fact that she is depressed, yeah) even if I repeat that I don't mind and that I don't think she looks bad. Lastly, she has health problems, loss of hair, bruxism, digestive problems, face numbing headaches... I attribute all to anxiety, cause she's clearly overflowing with it, but I have urged her to visit the doctor anyway. She refuses, she said she is counting on the headaches to kill her.

THE RESPONSE
Therapy is not an option, she can't pay for it and she refuses anyway. I can't blame her, when I was suicidal I went to 5 different therapists and my experience with them was more traumatic than helpful. However, I told her she needs a therapist anyway, if not a professional, a friend, me, herself, whoever, but she has to work on her mind. She refuses and instead spends every hour on facebook, watching series, looking for clothing, talking to her family or meeting with friends. I have talked to her two best friends about it, they agreed that she is in great danger but they didn't know what to say. No surprise, both suffer from depression too, it makes sense that she surrounds herself with people that understand her. I have tried to talk her into doing the things I do to fix myself, or just doing them frequently to see if she follows my example. I'm talking about physical exercise, meditation (both breathing exercises and philosophical inquiry), reading, writing... she tried some things but soon abandoned all. I have always given her all the love in the world, even if she doesn't give half of it back. I'm everyday kissing her, hugging her, telling her I love her, making fun of myself just to see her smile. In the last months I've also tried being intolerant and critical for a change, trying to show her that she is guilty of the same things she hates others for, that she is egoistical, lazy, irritant and irritable, that she can make a better present and a better future for herself and for me but she doesn't want to, that she will end up like her mother... obviously, it didn't work out and I'm out of ideas, so I'm writing this. She says I have done everything I could and much more than anyone has, that I have to leave her to die, but I can't.

TLDR: I'm sorry, I really am. I know it is too long, but I can't make it meaningfully short. I can only thank, deeply, everyone who took the time to read it. Time may be the most valuable thing we have, thank you!