Back at it againRecently my life has been going quite good. I have accomplished a lot of things I did not really think I would, all while a lot of people (like friends and family) really doubted me and just stepped on me. I feel good about that, and I was proud for some time, but I have been reeling back to old emotions and developing new coping mechanisms that are very self destructive, basically destroying all my hard work. Not only that, but I have been getting really depressed and I keep having suicidal thoughts, which I really hate. Most of it has to do with people that I considered to be close to me, but turned out to be terrible, fake friends. I really don't know what to do. Recently my best friend ended our friendship, and since then I have been drinking quite heavily. He was like family to me. Honestly I was closer to him than my family, but now he is gone over something so insiginificant that it really makes me realize just how stupid and fake he really was. I was blind to him I guess, but he was all I really had. I'm not close to my family and all of my friends don't give a fuck about me and just judge me, making me feel terrible and worthless. I normally don't allow myself to give people much power over me since I am used to dealing with life's wretchedness by myself, but I have been living completely alone for a while, and it has been taking great mental tolls on me. I have been drinking a lot to cope since it's is the only way I can feel something ( I am drunk as I write this) and I have been losing interest in everything I have been working so hard to accomplish. I am so fucking pissed. I keep wanting to end it all, but I chose not to for some vague hope that will never arrive. In all honesty, I chose to live because I don't want to be called weak once I am dead, ironically by the very people I hate. I might choose to, I might not. I don't know. I don't want to, but I really don't care. I mean, it is not like human existence lasts that long. We have all been dead for over 13 billion years, and now I get to live just to feel like shit all day every day. I don't see the point. I much rather go back to the void of blackness, where I am always numb and don't even know I exist. I am so tired of people. I make an effort to be good and be nice, but it seems that no one ever does. I know a lot of people who are big dicks say that, but I swear I try. I take insults without getting mad, I do things for people even when it pains me, I always try to comfort people I care about who are in distress, but even then I feel like those people don't give a fuck about me. I know I should find new friends, and I will. Believe me I will, but I am stuck in this hell for at least a month and I don't know if I can make it. I have no attachments to anything in my life, fundamentally. People and things come and go, and I am used to losing and getting all that I want. Nothing satisfies me. I just want to be freed from this stupid cycle of desire, and I am too lazy to do it by being alive. I much rather just kill myself and be at peace. If there is a hell, whatever. At least the suffering there has a purpose. Plus heaven sounds dull. Even if I don't kill myself any time soon, I know I will eventually. Even in my happiest life I would rather die at my own hands than the hands of life. I have sworn to end it all myself before anything else can, for the sake of dignity. I wanna chose how I end the show. Anyway, point being, I am tired of thinking this way. I just wanna think like all dull people: be happy, have a family, have a good life, die when you are old. I hate it, but I would prefer the bliss. Whatever. I shall continue to destroy myself until something else finishes the job. Does not make a difference. Maybe a lobotomy would solve my stupid dilemma, or perhaps enough lead. I am tired of feeling like I am insane. I can't tell if I am or not. To me it just seems like everyone else is insane, but I'd try my insanity for theirs any day.  What shall I do? I have no idea. Maybe a coin will make the decision.