i dont want to feel suicidal but i have every reason to bei have a chest deformity. i have type1 diabetes (got it at 16, im 20 now) that i cant control no matter if i try or not (i could rant for hours about this alone).  i have terrible eczema which is proving untreatable, which stops me from doing the one thing i love well (multiplayer pc gaming) because of the distracting itches. i missed orthodentist apointments because i was so sick with the diabetes, so he yanked the braces off and now my teeth are a mess. i lost all my highschool friends, they all hate me for what was a silly argument involving bitchy teenage girls. im unemployed, i was going to try and go to uni this year but its not working out so idk what i will do now.  i have two friends but they both live far away and I rarely see them. i have a girlfriend, but she has a condition called vaginismus, we've been together almost 3 years and never had sex.  it feels like one day i was okay and had a future suddenly i have more problems than i could ever handle, i feel like by the time im done fixing my body and my health and my life and my mentality my youth will be gone and i will spend the rest of my life chasing after regaining my youth. I already get depressed easily, its genetic. 

i think i am depressed. you know how when you are tired you cant witness anyhting without thinking "ugh how can they do that its so tiring" or "im way too tired to even conprehend doing that", its like anything i see people doing if its not all-worldy it just makes me depressed and feel like im suffocating. i try and get motivated but i can never do enough to pull myself out of this. i contacted my dad who was never around, he spent a year and a half promising me hed get a fla for us to live in together, then suddenly he ceased all contatc with me and wont answer my calls and i dont know why. hes a mess manchild as well. my mother had me too young and is more immature than i am, she is no help except for bringing me further down. my girlfriend is a good person but.

these days i spent my days indoors on my pc doing nothing, waiting for  visits from my abstinent gf and wishing i was dead. im too young to feel so broken. 

