Reddit, why should I continue to live?Hi, my name's Adam and I'm from Canada. I'm not so sure how to word this, so basically I'm not sure I should continue to live. I don't care about you're upvotes, I care about your honest opinions and comments. So here's my story.
My story starts in the 2010-2011 school year, I was a happy kid, loving life doing well in school, happy with my appearance. Until one day the phone rang, my mom picked up. After about 5 minutes of whispering I heard my mom crying down stairs. I went down in an effort to console her. She then told me "Adam, your Grandmother was diagnosed with lung cancer today. She's moving in with us soon." and like any person I was sad. I was just sad, not much to it. I didn't know what to feel really. My Grandma was a nice lady and I had no problem with her, so naturally I didn't mind her moving in. But there was this girl, her name was Morgan, her and I were friends, but not very close. Because the stress was building up I needed someone to vent to, to think out loud to, to express my emotions to. Morgan was that person for me. When ever I needed a person to listen or a shoulder to cry on she would be there. And because of her I enjoyed life, she was my reason to get up in the morning. I loved her with all my heart.
Morgan was the most beautiful girl I had ever had the pleasure of laying eyes on. And because of that she was much more popular than me. But she would always come back to me, it didn't matter that I wasn't the hottest guy or had perfect abs. She liked me for me. She also played triple A hockey (for those who don't follow hockey, that is about as good as it gets. apart from the NHL) so she was a busy person. And she was keeping me alive.
Nine months passed, my Grandma had to move into a hospice so she was out of the house. I can still remember every little detail of that awful place, and I could build the place for you if you asked. My Grandma didn't stay there long. She died within a month of living in the place. The depression set in for me, and life sucked. But I had Morgan, so life was worth living, and I was still happy.
The school year came to an end, so I wouldn't see her very often. But I managed. I started gaming, I found ways to pass time. Although she was still on my mind. Like every summer to a kid; it flew by like nothing. That was fine for me because school was starting and I would get to see her again. But there were more guys that year, bigger, better guys than me. I became obsolete to her. She would rather have this guy named Connor. And Connor HATED me. I don't have a clue to this day why he did, he just did. I didn't mind because we didn't talk much and his opinions didn't matter to me. But he had Morgan, the girl of my dreams. I mean that literally, she was all I would ever dream about her. They weren't even sex dreams, they were dreams about just being her and I, and we were happy.
My grades fell that year, and the tension between my parents started building. It started to become quite apparent that they didn't want to be married anymore. I began to hate my own father. I thought that he was a bastard, and I told my Mom that multiple times. The stress started building up again at the end of the 2011-2012 school year. And I needed a person to vent to and release some stress with. Guess who came back into my life? I find it funny that after an entire 8 months of ignoring me and only talking to Connor I still accepted her.
That summer we talked quite a bit. She was good at consoling me, she knew how to calm me down after a big fight between my parents. Unfortunately my parents spent the entire summer fighting and I hated every moment of it. And my mom had one foot out the door, she was about to leave my Dad. But once the summer started to end, she continued to love him again. I was and still am confused about this. Luckily school was starting again so I wouldn't have to be around the house anymore.
I felt good going into the 2012-2013 school year. Connor was gone and I would be able to spend time with Morgan again. Then a new character makes an introduction into my story. His name is Wes. Wes is a tall, muscular, handsome guy (no homo) and we were friends throughout the last school year. We still are friends today, but she just liked him better. The girl that was keeping me alive didn't like me anymore. She liked Wes better. The suicidal thoughts started.
I thought that maybe, just maybe I could find another girl. So that's just what I did. I found Cleo. She was a great girl, but could never amount to Morgan. But she was the best I could get, so I asked her out. She laughed and turned me down. That's when the thoughts started coming more frequently. I was a sad sack of shit. Thought about joining the army. But instead I joined a kickboxing league.
So the girl of my dreams didn't want me anymore, the next best girl rejected me, my parents were separating and my Grandma who had lived with me for 9 months had died to lung cancer. I was pretty damn set on taking my own life.
That brings us to a recent time, I'm pretty sure this was 2 weeks ago. But there was another girl, named Emma. I'm not sure I even liked Emma, I just wanted a girlfriend. Just for someone to love me for once. And I asked Morgan "Do you think I have a chance with Emma?" She told me that Emma's parents didn't want her dating so I just backed off her. Behind my back Morgan thought it would be a good idea to ask Emma out for me (despite just telling me that she wasn't allowed to date!) and Emma said she wouldn't. Emma told her older sister and her sister spread the word and my older sister heard of it. My sister was furious because of some rumours involving Emma's family.
1 day after Emma rejected me and my sister flipped out at me my grandpa died (from my dad's side. my grandma from earlier in the story was from my mom's side) and I was almost sure about ending it ten and there. He died on the weekend so I didn't bother going to school on the Monday. I spent monday gaming and crying and thinking. About life, Morgan, myself, Cleo, my parents, my grandpa and my grandma. I went to school the next day and it turns out Morgan was telling all of my friends that the reason that I didn't go on monday was because of Emma rejecting me.
So if you're still here I would like to thank you for lending me your time. If you could make a comment providing your opinions and questions it would be greatly appreciated.
-Adam