The ubiquitous college dilemmaI apologize for the grammatical headache this post is, but I am at a loss.

We all know that college kids kill them selves left and right these days, and I'm in line to be one of them.

As the firstborn son of an Asian mother, I'd always had high expectations placed upon myself. My grades have always been stellar, and now I'm in med school, plugging away and digging myself deeper into that debt abyss. 

To further complicate things, I've had a hidden chronic depression for many years. No one knows about it save for an ex-fiancé that left a few years back (and I'd be lying if I said that her abrupt and unannounced departure wouldn't haunt me for years afterward), and though my parents had caught me cutting in high school, they did not receive it kindly. They see things like anxiety as trivial and selfish despite their careers in medicine. In 2012, I began my trek through college with a medical degree in mind along with a fresh, shiny Honors Program Scholarship that paid my first degree off completely save for the books. My will was strong the first two years of maintaining the mandatory 4.00 GPA, though I'd flinched a few times, falling into deep depressions and losing my hair faster. I'd been studying 12 hours a day and getting little sleep, but life was still fresh and exciting. Fast forward into medical school, and that fire is gone; I'm tired of it mentally and physically. The costs are so immense: tens of thousands a year along with nearly a thousand to even park remotely close to the university premises. I don't like my degree. I spent so much... lost my hair, bouts of extreme anxiety as suicidal ideation, and fucktons of money to get to where I am, and I don't like any of it. I hate medschool, and hate doctors: I know many of them and half are fucked up in the head, the other half all incredulous douchebags. I'm running myself broke and live with my folks again, who would still destroy me if I'd quit on my degree that I couldn't stand a single semester more of and destroy me if I told them I wasn't happy. So for more nearly a decade, I've delved into escapism to get my mind off of things- and I do it more and more only to find it working less and less. The past few weeks have been particularly filled with suicidal thoughts... weddings, birthdays, car trouble, tuition, hour cuts at work, etc, have all been pushing back against me, forcing me into a corner. I feel ashamed; I spend so much on my escapism as well: video games, books, manga, and analog games. Never have I thought that my death would be of natural causes, and I'm so, so tired of pushing toward a lifetime of debt for a degree I don't want, letting my body fall apart in stress, deal with waves of such heavy anxiety and depression rolling in and out. My grades are suffering now that I've been relying on escapism to stay sane, and this, every time I think about it- pushes me to an edge. 

I don't know why I posted here. It's one of the only things I'd ever done on my Reddit account, and a last bastion- looking for something that I don't know even though I'm hard-headed and sure of how this will end up, and as it would seem, I'm not good with stress. I'll likely end up as a college suicide rate statistic soon.