i don’t know....hello,
i don’t have anyone irl to talk to so i guess i’ll just rant here 
i’m 16 years old  
i feel so lost....
i feel like a disappointment to everyone. i wanted to just live life like a normal teenage girl. i can tell that my parents are disappointed in me....i didn’t do anything for my 16th birthday, i didn’t go to prom and i skipped my last day of school when everyone was saying goodbye to each other. i feel like such a waste of life, like i could have been something. i was an intelligent child but now i’ve just become a depressed anxious mess who is afraid of everything and has no talent or social skills and is likely going to kill herself at 16
i just feel so separated from everything else, like i’m on one side of a window watching everyone else enjoy their lives and be happy and i’m desperately trying to break the glass and join them but i can’t. at this point i don’t even feel like i’m living. i feel like every day that passes is just counting down to the day that i finally snap and go through with it 

these sad feelings are a permanent problem for me...i’ve been depressed for a few years now and have thought about suicide even when my life was decent. i just feel like i don’t belong and no matter what i’ll do i’ll never be happy. it’s getting worse and worse. i’ve given up on all my ambitions because i just don’t care anymore. i had important exams recently and i haven’t gotten my results back but i already know that i’ve gotten bad grades because i had no motivation to study.
 
i did have one thing to keep me alive during all my worst moments..there’s this singer that i really like and i always promised myself that i would see him live no matter what, and that’s such a simple goal but it gave me something to look forward to. however he committed suicide a few months ago and now that one small thing that kept me going is gone forever. i know i sound silly but it’s small things like that which just add up and eventually push you off the edge.

i used to have the perfect group of friends...we had the same interests sense of humour and we’d do things together often etc..it’s a long story but they’re not my friends anymore and now i don’t have anyone at all and i’m so lonely every day. i feel like i’m going insane because i’m so isolated and i’m the only person i know who doesn’t have any friends to go out with this summer....my dad is in hospital and my mum works every day so i can’t even do anything with my family. i’m home alone every day and i can feel myself going insane because i have nothing to do and no one to talk to

i’m going to a new school in september which means i have to start over and make completely new friends. i’m scared....i’ve gotten less confident when talking to people and don’t trust people as easily anymore after my old friends left me. i’ve always managed to make friends and now i feel so pathetic because i have no idea how the fuck i did it,, like where did i just find these people who happened to share my interests and enjoyed my company as much as i enjoyed theirs. the whole concept of meeting new people and forming relationships with them is so alien to me now

i have other problems too, i have anxiety and a phobia which i’ve had since i was very young but it seems to just be getting worse..and now i don’t eat as much because food triggers my phobia and it stresses me out to eat. this makes me more depressed because i know that i’m not living life to the fullest...i avoid so many things that are enjoyable simply because of this stupid phobia controlling my life. i don’t know how to deal with it anymore. i’ve tried telling my parents about it but they don’t think it’s important. i’m bad at communicating my feelings so i struggle with explaining how bad things really are for me. even now as i’m writing this i still feel like i haven’t gotten my point across and that i won’t be taken seriously 

i know i’m only young but i really can’t see things getting better. i’ve waited and i’ve tried to make things better for so long but it just doesn’t work. im constantly screaming for help and no one is there. i’m weak, i’m giving up. i can’t do this anymore. im so scared of killing myself but i know i have to do it. i just wish that my life could have been more fulfilling. idk what i’m expecting from posting on here but oh well 