I hate being suicidal, yet here I am once again.I was in an emotional void for years. I married my best friend, and we have two awesome kids, and I have everything I ever wanted, but I had some fucked up reproductive issues (two dead fetuses in the second trimester, one double miscarriage in which one twin was ectopic and I almost bled out on the operating table, and my reward for not dying is incredibly painful adhesions for which no doc will prescribe pain pills).

So after all that, I stopped feeling. I just stopped. I shut down. Then I got involved in theatre, and I fell head over heels in love with a gay man. He and I got pretty close, and my husband was cool with the whole thing. I told the gay guy that I had a crush on him. He started acting a little weird after that, but we were still best buddies until he just kind of disappeared a week after that.

So I flipped out. I went into a depression so bad that I couldn't get out of bed most mornings. I fucked up a lot during this time. I let my kids and husband down a lot. I drove my friends crazy. I can't let this guy go. I have everything that I ever wanted and it means NOTHING anymore.

So the bad depression eased into a milder, more functional depression. I was just always sad, confused about why my friend who said that he loved me had disappeared from my life. I decided that maybe he was in love with me too and couldn't handle it because he's gay and I'm married. 

I finally told him that I was going to give him his space and to get back in touch if he felt like it. Nothing for weeks. Then, just as I was off at dragoncon and ready to try to get over him, he got back in touch. We were buddies again. Then he disappeared again. So I flipped out. Badly. And so one of my friends found this guy on Facebook and said some really horrible things about me to him. Like that I'm a spoiled brat, that he needs to shake me because I'm being dumb about this, and even worse. 

So the guy got in touch with me and said that everything is fine with us, he's just withdrawing from everyone right now. And I believe him. But because of what he said to my other friend, I know now that the fantasy that I had in my head is now over.

Meanwhile I have let everyone down. I let my kids down. I let my husband down. My mom has cancer and I've been so wrapped up in my own drama that I can't find the time or energy to deal with her. I feel like a failure as a mother and a wife. I miss my friend so goddamned much, and after the horrible things that my other friend said to him, I'm so mortified that I don't know if I can even go on. I'm completely fucking broken. I can't eat. I can't sleep. I'm an utter and complete wreck of a human being right now. I know that my kids need me, but right now I think they might turn out better without a mom who is batshit crazy.

There's also the fact that I will be in pain for the rest of my life. And that I am high risk for a stroke, which is my  worst fear.

And this depression is hard. After having everything buried for so long, I am catching up for lost time. I'm so broken. I try to tell my husband and friends how broken I am. Only one seems to get it. 

I'm just ready to go. I'll try to make it look like an accident if I do. I think that will help. My friends say that they'd miss me. That makes me feel guilty. But I have been staring into this abyss since I was 12 years old. It's calling me. I don't know if I can live with this level of shame. I just don't know anymore. I thought that the depression was gone forever and it's worse than it has ever been.

I do have a therapist. I can't see her for a while. I have a psych nurse who parcels out my Ativan and wants to put me on antidepressants, which I do not want to go on.

Basically... I just don't want to go on. I'm autistic. I have ADD. I'm pretty fucking crazy. I want peace. I don't want the emotional void again, but at least there I wasn't suicidal. I wanted everything to be okay and it's all just fucked up worse now.