My friend is killing herself tonight and she wants me to be on call with her when she kills herselfI used to be suicidal and I have posted here before btw. Also I’m a straight male 

I’m under 16 that’s all I’m gonna say about my age for non doxxing purposes. My friend introduced her to me a few months ago and we talked a decent amount but not a lot. This last month we have talked more (shit gets weird from here on out) she has always been pretty edgy. I once watched a screenshare of her on the dark web watching gore and was totally normal about it. She has told me how she was molested by her abusive father and her moms a druggie so there’s that. Fast forward to today, sometimes I’ll jokingly simp for her it gets the whole squad laughing. So during one of my simp jokes she had a woman in the backround moaning (she is bi btw) we thought it was her but turns out she was fingering someone while talking to us. She said if I called her daddy she’ll show me her fingering someone (me being the comedian I am called her daddy as a joke not expecting anything. She ends up showing her fingering someone, I tell her to confirm it by having both people but a thumbs up, YEP TWO THUMBS UP.  After that disturbing yet funny incident I ask her why she would show that to someone online. She replied it’s gonna be her last night of her life. Chills have ran down my spine now and I’m pretty worried. I’m not gonna tell her to not do it because her life is pretty fucked up and I know how ANNOYING it is for people to tell you shit like “don’t do it you have so much to live for” but I don’t encourage it either I stay mostly neutral. She says she is gonna walk to a bridge 8 miles away with a beautiful view and jump off it. She doesn’t have a car so I offered to talk to her for like 2 hours during her walk to it. She said yes and told me how much of a good person I am which really warmed my heart. I know for a fact she is gonna kill her self so I’m not trying to stop her at all. She messages me that when she is about to jump she wants me to say that I love her when she jumps. Of course I agree she needs everything she can get right now and I’m the only one who is on to talk to her. She also just told me she cried and cuddled with her gf. Since then she hasn’t responded for like 2 hours. She also said she needed to charge her phone so she could talk to me while she goes to the bridge. So bright side her gf talked to her and she won’t do it, dark side she killed herself or OD’d she was on a not so legal drug she told me. Maybe her phone is still charged she is not online on disc and sometimes she’s on do not disturb. So I’m really confused on what to do here. And I’ve only known her for a few months so I can’t tell her to not kill herself.