I wanna kill myself but also notLong story short: Grew up with an alcoholic dad. My dad's parents where alcoholics themselves until they actually drank themselves to death pretty quickly. My uncle (his brother) drinks, too. It's a family issue. I made the decision to don't touch that stuff any further after the first try-out as a teenager. I could feel that alcohol and me is no good mix. My mom was co-addicted. She did let all that shit happen and never left him. She only ever threatened him to do so and he just had to cry and promise he would stop tomorrow, or next week or whenever and all that shot did go on and on and on. 



He was also never there for me although I was mainly HIS LOVECHILD. My mom already had two girls and would have been fine with no further kids. He was also happy with me being a girl. And he didn't want me anymore. He always said he said he loves me, and to be honest, he was the only person of the family who ever said those three words to me and would give me a hug, but then ran away again at the very moment. My mom was so frustrated about my dad that she was mad all the time, she always said and did mean things to me, sometimes she would join my dad drinking and 'cause she wasn't used to those amounts of alcohol she would vomit all over the bathroom and then I either had to clean it up or hold my piss until the next day and last but not least, as soon as I was a teen she give up on my dad and let me babysit him. Main problem was that he would always fell asleep drunk with a cigarette and let that fall to the ground. One morning there was a big whole burned into the carpet. Really really good luck that the fire stop by itself somehow. So, since I didn't look forward to die in a fire, I did babysit him the whole night long. Sitting next to him with all of his different moods. Aggressive (though he never hit me or so), depressive, sad, mean, disgusting. One night he cried like a baby how shit everything is and that he can't and doesn't wanna stop drinking. 



That was too much for me and during that time I started to have panic attacks. I dropped out of school and had to do psychotherapy. It never realy helped that much, maybe 'cause I never adressed the alcoholism in my family. It was a taboo. Other than yelling at each other every once in a while 'cause we couldn't take it anymore, we kept silent. Living in denial. My aunt (his sister) played a big role as well. She was quite a bit the self-proclaimed leader of the family. She was pretty strict about us having to shut our mouths. My mom asked her for help several times ans she got extremly aggressive about it. My other uncle (their brother) was in therapy as well 'cause of their drinking parents and kept it a secret from everyome else but me and my mom 'cause he was afraid of his siblings reaction. 



I finally reached out to my older halfsisters (booth over adecade older than me, we have the same mom but all different dads, though the dad of one is also the step-dad of he other which she sees as her real dad). Biggest fault ever in my whole life! They have huge problems with our mom, for a good reason, but instead of helping me getting rid of my anxiety disorder which would enable me to get rid of my parents, they put all their energy into stirrung me up against our mom. They told all evil things my mom did to them - just imagine me: I was sitting in psychiatry, which they put me into, crippled with anxiety from head to toe - and all they did was keeping on tellin me: Mom did this! And that! Bla bla bla... And some stories where even FAKED! The worst one was where they used a closed family friend for a fake story who actually comitted suicide! 



Of course this DIDN'T heal my anxiety, so I went back home. Because thruth to be told, my anxiety was so bad at that time, I was unable to live alone. My sisters told me at that time it's OK. Sister #2 told me she'd be going on vacation. Then her number didn't work anymore. For YEARS sister #1 told me everything's fine and that sister #2 is just so busy. I was stupid for long enough but then it wasn't possible to lie to me anymore, so sister #1 told me: sister #2 wants no contact to me until I move out and cut all ties to our mom. THAT IS EMOTIONAL BLACKMAILING!!! Especially 'cause I was NOT ABLE  to move out! I had anxiety and I was broke. They never had any issues with anxiety, they have a loving dad who always gives them money when needed and they pretty much never had to live alone by themselves since they always jump from one relationship/marriage right into the next. And she didn't atleast tell me that face to face! She always let's other people deliever their messages. Also really mean ones. When my anxiety was getting better I let out niece ask her (I cannot contact her directly, she even blocks me on FB) if we could met somewhere else, where our mom isn't present. She let my niece deliver me the message that even that is impossible, 'cause as long as I haven't cut tie with our mom, I'm contaminated to her. I feel DISGUSTING since that! 



And if that wasn't enough my dad chimes in. I was finally fed up with his alcoholic antics. Since he left my mom for a better co-addict and actually left his child as well instead helping me going through therapy at least one little bit, he treats me like shit. He disappears and then reappears all of the sudden, meeting me and making me hopes again, only to let me down 5min before our next meeting. Drunk-calls. Driving drunk with me. I started visiting Al-Anon which he got very angry about. Then he drops the next blackmailing: NO CONTACT UNTIL I ADMIT THAT HE IS NO AND NEVER WAS AN ALCOHOLIC. On my 30st birthday he send me a message: "Happy birthday, darling! I'd be so happy to hear from you as soon as your ready to admit that I'm not an alcoholic!". 



I also cut ties with sister #1 and my niece 'cause I couldn't take it anymore how they always protect sister #2's behaviour, not understanding my pain due to my dad and saying really mean things about that, like I would be a good thing if he drunk-drives himself to death because I'd get the money then, and concentrating everything on our mom (again, yes she was a bad mom, but that is something I can actually deal with, my emotional distress comes from that other things). 



So... long story short didn't really work, however... this is my life at 30 now! A FUCKED UP MESS! And I see no light at the end of the tunnel, and if it rather seems to be the light of the train riding over me. 



I was born as a happy baby. Bright. Defiantly shy and introverted, yes. But creative. I was into so many creative stuff beginning from a young age and I had so many and such big dreams. I know that Iand only myself are responsible for me but I'm also just human like anyone else and I need only a little bit of love and support. Not even much, just a tiny bit. 



Therefore I dunno if I can keep on living. I WANT to and make all my dreams come true, but even if I would make to technically, like getting rid of anxiety, having a job and move out with my mom: Just HOW could I ever become happy after all this shit? Memories about this will never fade and scars never heal. All those lost time. My niece said to me 'cause I'm 30 I'm old and already wasted most of my live (as if this is all my idea) so I should finally start living until I'm 6ft under anyway. At the moment wish I'd rather be 6ft under RIGHT NOW. I feel so stressed 'cause of this. My heart is pumping and head hurting like shit all the time. I also blame myself so much. I shoud have go to someone when I was 16 or so and asked to be put in a foster home. Or at least not waste so much time trying to keep the family together instead of just fuck them, get into psychiatry as long as needed, sacrifice my dreams and just get a shit job that is enough to pay a rent and then just leave them and call it day. But no, I must be this fucking failure. I would like to try to live a happy life but I just feel like giving up and go just die...