I don't really know. I've been meaning to write here for awhile, but always stopped myself because, "It's okay, really. These people here have it worse than I do!" 

Truth be told, I'm scared and feel very alone. 

Here's my story:
I grew up in an apartment complex with my mother, father, and older sister. My father and mother fought quite a bit while growing up, we're talking full on screaming matches that ended when my Dad walked out or punched a hole in the wall. My father worked most of the time while my mother spent her days ignoring my sister and I, unless of course my sister did something bad. My sister and I were best friends, we were all we had. 

When my older sister hit the age of 12 (we are 5 years apart), she made new friends and decided I wasn't "cool" enough to hang out with them. I suddenly had no one. To escape my loneliness I spiraled into the world of books and began to spend all of my time reading or studying. I was able to pass all of my classes with ease without doing any homework because my test scores were always 100%. Teachers loved me, the other kids were either indifferent or outwardly cruel. 

To put a stop to a long story, I spent most of my school years being told I didn't deserve to live, that I should kill myself, that I was gay, among other things. They would rip my books from me, all that. 

When I was 10 years old, it came to light my father had been molesting my older sister for months, by tying her to a chair and telling her if she said anything she would be, "Destroying the family." We moved to my Grandmothers house and he went to jail. My mother completely lost her mind around this point and began to talk to herself in the garage everyday. I spent most of my time trying to stay out of everyone way and keep to my books. 

After suffering a nervous breakdown at 14 during 7th grade, where even the thought of going to school would make me shake, I transferred to a new campus. Things went well for awhile, everyone seemed to like me and I had actual friends! Friends of my very own, who actually wanted to talk to me! I was so happy, and then, by the middle of the year, everything changed. My friend group just went their separate ways. No real reason. I was alone again. To make matters worse, my Grandmother had had a heart attack and my Aunt decided she was going to step in and whip us all into shape. 

Her idea of whipping us into shape was to kick my older sister out of the house (Who by this point had trouble dealing with her anger and beat me up on a daily basis), and telling me that if I didn't do everything she said I would be sent to an orphanage because, "Nobody loves you." My mother said nothing. I spent my days that year going to a school where the only comfort I had was reading under the trees, and coming home to work for hours on end on threat of being abandoned. At one point I finally snapped and chewed out my Aunt. She left. I couldn't tell you what I even said, all I remember is flashes of red. 

At the end of the year games at my school, where it's pretty much just "have fun! You earned it!" I was sitting on the grass watching the baseball game between teacher and student. It was then I realized no one was sitting near me. I had no one to talk to. I was still, alone. I broke down that day, went home, and watched videos on youtube dealing with suicide, while I tried to convince myself not to take my life. 

That summer I got in shape and tried to prepare myself for high school. Not knowing any better, I assumed it would be a happy time and my troubles were over. How naive. To make this part short, It wasn't happy, I gained 50 pounds, and I ended up graduating early. I was hardly even at school, I was constantly in the emergency room taking care of my grandmother who has CoPD, Trigeminal neuralgia, arthritis, among other things. The house was on a reverse mortgage so if she died, we lost everything. My Grandmother was the only person who showed me kindness through out my life, the thought of losing her is/was too much. 
I had to hear her scream bloody murder every night and day, and know there was nothing I could do to help her. I had to watch the person I loved the most in this world be in so much pain she couldn't even speak. Everyday, for months, years. 

My Mother "woke up" when I was about 16. She began noticing me again and started demanding I take care of everything. Any little thing would set her off into a screaming tornado. If I walked into the kitchen when she was snacking on something, I was going to be screamed at for a good 2 hours. If I walked into the living room when she was watching tv, I was probably going to be screamed at. Nearly everyday I got to hear how much of a bastard I was and how I was going to be a pedophile just like my father. I had nowhere to go. As far as I knew, she was right. 

Last year, I turned 18, and my father was out of Jail. I could talk to him for the first time. I didn't want to call him, but my mom told me I should. He was so happy to hear from me, and I was happy at the idea of having someone who cared for me who I didn't have to watch suffer. 

It quickly became apparent that he hadn't really changed. I once asked him, "Why didn't you go to a whore?" and he responded, "I'm not that bad." It still makes me nauseous to even replay that in my mind. He was a christian, but didn't really know much about it. I told him about what I have had to deal with over the years, especially about my mother. He was shocked and angry at her. Anyways, at some point he met my mother again, and guess what? They started dating. 
My mother started dating the man who ripped apart our family and took away her daughters innocence. Not to mention psychologically tortured her. 

I couldn't believe it, I didn't know how to feel, what to think. I didn't even know who to turn to. My grandmother was very sick and didn't have the strength to help anyone, much less herself. 

Eventually, I got up the nerve to tell my mother that what she was doing was wrong and she needed to tell my sister. My mother became unglued. She screamed louder than I have ever heard her scream, she broke dishes, she called me every name in the book, and this ended with her slamming me into the backdoor hard enough to knock me over, spitting on me, and screaming, "IF YOU TELL HER I WILL FUCKING KILL YOU!" 

I laid in my bed that night in absolute terror. I couldn't stop shaking. 
I knew that I had to tell her. The next day I arranged to meet my sister, and after talking for a little while I told her. My sisters mood instantly fell. She sat in shock for awhile, before whispering, "The one thing I was grateful for was that she stood by my side at the trial." We didn't speak much after that and she dropped me off near my house. 

Of course, this didn't turn out well for me. To make this even shorter, three months later I moved in with some friends of friends in another state. 

I've been here..8 months now? Yeah, 8 months. 
When I got here, I didn't even know what a social security number was and didn't have an ID. I eventually go those things and have been job hunting all this time. I keep facing rejection after rejection. Just last week I went into Barnes and Noble, knowing exactly how each nook model worked, how much books it can hold, resolution, apps, etc, the store layout, how their membership works, and before I even got a chance to tell that to the interviewer, he said since I didn't have any sales experience I shouldn't be wasting any ones time. 
I've been living here for 8 months not being able to pay rent, not being able to do anything really. On the bright side, I've lost 75 pounds since being here. 

I can hardly talk to my roommates. I feel so inferior to them, I feel like I'll just ruin their day. A few times they have stated how awkward and "weird' I am, and it kills me because all I want is to just be able to hang out with them and be "normal". 

I tend to stay away from them so that my awkwardness doesn't put a damper on their evening. 

Reddit, I find it very hard to believe anyone or anything could possibly care about me. I don't even care about me. I just want everyone I know to be happy. 
I'm terrified of sex, I can't imagine being with anyone, I can't talk to the people I live with, I am so scared. I have no idea what I'm doing. 

To top it off, I'm starting to realize I am probably a homosexual. Which fucking kills me inside every second of every day. "Hey look everyone! Not only did I have all that shit to deal with, but now I will ALWAYS be hated no matter what I do! Forever!" 

Every day I get closer and closer to slashing my wrists. Because if I have to go, I want to feel every second of it. 
But after everything these people have done for me, I feel like it would be a huge slap in the face to kill myself. 


**Tl;dr:**


- My past wasn't great. 


- I hate myself. 


- I find it hard to believe anyone can care/love someone as worthless as I am.


- I can't express myself to others and have a hard time speaking.


- I have no family, pretty much.


- I can't find employment to save my life. 


- I'm probably gay. 

- I'm completely terrified of sex.


- I want to die. 



I've never actually written this all out. Kinda proud of myself for not crying! 
If it wasn't clear, I am indeed a boy. 

Edit:

I forgot to mention that I also hurt my hand recently which led to stitches. I now have a $1,500 bill from the hospital that I can't pay. I'm lucky to have enough money to get tooth paste, how will I ever be able to pay for this!? 

