A guide to the mind of someone contemplating deathWake up. It's hard to breathe. It's as if invisible hands are covering your heart and squeezing it. This is what the entire day is going to be like, except that it's everyday.

You skip breakfast because you woke up late to lessen the amount of time that you're conscious. 

You take a shower and spend your time in there contemplating how the best way to go is and how people will react to different methods. You think about the one that will hurt the least people (which is not as hard for you than others as not many people really care about you, or remember you for that matter). 

You eat, it doesn't really matter what as food doesn't really lose its taste, contrary to popular belief. What actually happens is that while it tastes exactly the same as it used to, you couldn't care less if it was the most delicious food on the planet. It's just sustenance and you approach it with disgust regardless. Food is food.

Some days you try to do the things that you enjoy, but it doesn't change the way you feel, and you're just going through the motions. You don't appreciate the sunset like you used to after running or hiking somewhere. Working out releases endorphins that make your body happy, but you're still thinking about when and where the police are going to find your body and how to minimize the crying.

On the days that you don't do anything, you rot in your room, passing the time with various distractions, like watching YouTube videos or playing video games, both things you, once again, no longer enjoy. But it's okay because they do let your mind focus on something other than the sweet release of death. 

You eat dinner, stay hydrated, and think about the setting of your death. You want things to be perfect when you go-- the time of day, the place you want to be found, how you're dressed, who finds you, if you're leaving a note, what the note would say, and most importantly, how you're going to do it. 

It's time to go to sleep; it doesn't matter if your eyes are open or closed-- you only have one thing on your mind and it's what's been drifting beside you everyday like a spectre or a dark cloud. 

Add the unending sinking pit in your stomach that you've gotten better at ignoring (but will never be good enough) to your daily activities and you have a brief understanding of the day-to-day life of someone contemplating death. 