My life is a bad horror movieSo this post isn't a cry for help as much as it is just a warning to potentially suicidal people and a way to vent. I've been struggling with these dark suicidal thoughts for a while now, and lately I've been thinking about where it all began, digging through my numb shadow for a clue on how to make things better. Some of this stuff I've never shared with anyone, and I feel like it's time.

I started thinking about suicide when I was 13. My parents and I had recently moved out of the crack-den we were living in to a rural neighborhood. When I was 13, I went through a very traumatic event that I don't feel like going into. What I *am* gonna go into is that this event left me with crippling nyctophobia. If you don't know what that is, it's fear of the dark. Now, nearly every small child has a fear of the dark, and I was no exception, but nyctophobia is a whole 'nother beast. After this traumatic event happened that I'm not gonna go into, I couldn't be in a black room without throwing up and literally trembling. It felt like I was gonna die if I was in the darkness for too long. So I slept with the lights on at night to keep myself sane, I was terrified of going to bed at night, and for about two years, I was getting maybe four hours of sleep a night.

There was no *obvious* reason to be afraid, so I guess my brain decided to give me a reason, and so I started hearing voices when I went to bed at night. This was the case even when I left all the lights on. This didn't happen *every* night, but it was fucking creepy when it did happen. I'd say it was about two or three times a week for the first two years after the trauma. The voices would tell me how they were going to kill me, rape me, kill my family, all sorts of terrible shit. Sometimes I could hear them knocking on my door or bedroom window, but because they were all in my head, no one would actually be there if I got up and looked. Most of the voices were men, and only a few of them were women. I don't think that's relevant, but whatever. I get intrusive images of faces I've never seen before when I try to sleep. They appear before me, and I can feel them glaring at me with sadistic intent. I also have sleep paralysis hallucinations a couple times a year, and those are always horrifying. 

It's no wonder I started thinking about suicide at 13. Because I was living in a pretty rural area, I was lucky to go on long walks in nature by myself. During these walks was when I had my first thoughts of suicide. They were mostly jokes and sometimes fleeting thoughts about how killing myself would make the the fear, the voices, and the faces stop. The curse would be done. But I always pushed these thoughts away. I didn't want to die. I just didn't want to live with this goddamn nyctophobia. When I told edgy jokes, my high school peers just thought I was some edgelord.

Around 16, my fear started becoming more manageable. I slept with fewer lights, heard the voices less often, and all the other symptoms started fading. Thing is, you kinda get better about these things through exposure, and darkness is just unavoidable sometimes. Power outages, driving at night, that sorta thing. Nowadays, I sleep with a nightlight, rarely hear the voices, and if I do, it's just for a couple seconds. But right when I started overcoming my fear, the suicidal thoughts got worse. I could feel the joy slipping away from me. It's like the world is slowly losing all of it's color. I stopped liking the world, I stopped liking people, I stopped liking myself. All those edgy jokes and fleeting thoughts of suicide that I pushed away were just suicidal depression in its infancy. Now, I think about killing myself every day, but I don't want to! I just want the world to get it's color back. I want to enjoy things again. Why does this have to happen to me? It feels like I just try to do good in the world, but bad shit keeps happening to me for no good reason.

I've always had a hard time making friends and connecting with people. I desperately crave emotional intimacy. I just want a friend or a lover. The nyctophobia made it worse. In high school, I couldn't make any guy friends because I just didn't get along with any of them. I was at the bottom of the social hierarchy not because I was a reject, but because *I* rejected the social hierarchy. So I hung out with outcasts, but even then, I was never able to become truly *part* of the group. Despite this, I was liked by a handful of girls. Some of them were pretty cute, but I never did anything to act on their obvious signs of attraction. I was too afraid of sex because I didn't want anyone to find out about my nyctophobia or any of it's symptoms. I was afraid of the word somehow getting out, and then it would be *impossible* to make friends. "Oh, don't hang out with that fuckin' weird kid u/MrSmigick, he hears voices in his head and listens to metal music. It's only a matter of time before he shoots up prom." I'm so cynical.

Nowadays, I still see faces and hear voices maybe once every couple of months, I sleep with a nightlight, and I look over my shoulder sometimes. Darkness still makes me a little uncomfortable. My biggest regret in life is that I never flirted back with a cute redhead I liked in high school because I was too afraid, to overwhelmed by these changes. I never did make any lasting friends, either. I never told my parents or went to therapy because even though mental illness runs in the family, they all have a really immature view on it. They think mental illness is just a *choice* and that you can overcome it through sheer willpower. I have an uncle I like, and last Thanksgiving, my family publicly made fun of him because he went to therapy when he was 20. I gotta get the fuck outta here.

Perhaps the lonely ones do not want to be loved as much as they want to be accepted and understood.