Nothing but ProblemsHello. I'm a 14 year-old, with a younger brother, 9. I'm here to tell you everything that I knew and found out while in quarantine. Lately, it's been bugging me that my mom is always moody. So I looked it up the internet and found out I was being emotionally abused. 

To be honest, it was quite obvious but I didn't notice it. My mom would often guilt-trip me or my brother whenever she scolded us, and played it off as "good intentions". I understood that she did have good intentions, but sometimes she took it too far. She is also inconsistent when she's around us, sometimes she'd be fine or she'd have a bad day. 

I know every now and then, people have bad days, but after I found out about the issue, it felt like everyday I had to walk on eggshells just to prevent her from getting upset. She'd also threaten us from time to time if we did something wrong, whether she'd actually do it or not. She's also very good at being passive-aggressive. She also criticizes us whenever we screw up. 

Like, when I get a bad grade or so, she'd either guilt-trip me, rant at me, or maybe even both. I know grades are important, but there's a kind of theme she's going on here: "I gave up this and that, and all you do is...." or "I have to keep dealing with kids like you.....other kids are better....." Bla-bla-bla! She keeps comparing me to other kids, she keeps telling me I'm stupid, I'm a screw-up or a fool!

Yet, she wonders why I'm unmotivated or "lazy" just focusing on my phone. And because of that, I turn to my phone. I'm gonna admit I have an addiction on my phone. Because it makes me happy, it makes me feel free to be myself. I can rant about this or that and not be brought down by someone. I can listen to music I want and not be accused of being dramatic or attention-seeking.

Lately, I've been using my phone for hours straight. Until I go to sleep, sometimes even reaching 12 AM. I don't know anymore, I just wanna scream for help, but I don't know where. If anyone reads this, please tell me if I'm the one who has problems, or my mom, or both! Please, I'm tired of having to deal with this bullshit. I don't know what to do anymore.