I feel like there's nothing left for me. I need someone, anyone, to just listen to me.I'm 15, and honestly I don't see any reasons to continue living.

There is nothing I can do right. I met this girl in preschool, and we lost contact for years. I met her again in sixth grade, and she was absolutely incredible looking. I've been in love with her ever since. Deeply, badly in love. 

So now I'm at the end of my freshman year, and despite us being old friends and her being a family friend, I finally worked up the confidence to approach her. I get her number, and talk to her for a week. We're making good progress. I ask her to come hang out with me and some mutual friends, and she agrees excitedly. Then the other friends back out, and I send her a text asking if she'd like to do something just her and I. 

She said she was free both days that I offered to hang out with these two other mutual friends (both girls) and when I asked if she wanted to hang out alone, she said she might have to work those nights. I pushed her to give me more information, and said "It's fine if you don't want to." She said "no no. I'll let you know:)"

I know this means no deep down inside, but I can't deal with it. Here is a girl who was my world for years-- she likely just lied to me. 

She was only trying to not hurt my feelings, right? But at the same time, she hurt them so much more than if she had given me a straight no.

"Jeez man, it's so stupid to think about killing yourself just because you got rejected by some girl. Who cares, man!"

That's not really it. This just adds to my "I can't do anything" mindset that is only supported by more and more evidence every day.

I'm a fatass. I wasn't always, but I am now. My dad died when I was three, and he and my grandfather were both multi-million dollar businessmen. There has always been so much pressure on me to live up to them. Be like them, be as successful as them.

I went through lots of periods of depression throughout my life and just ate my way through them. 

I don't even know where to begin. I just feel like there is so much pain and at the same time I feel nothing. I was a straight A student at once, and this year I failed out of two classes.

Bad grades and some girl. This is no reason to kill yourself..

No. I just... I don't know. I feel so worthless. I can't even take it how incredibly unwanted I feel constantly (it literally never stops) and how I'm just such a waste of everything. 

I'm sorry, I doubt anyone will be able to respond properly to this. Not like it'll matter.