Hi Reddit, made a throwaway to vent my story. Anna Karenina says it all. So, I'm a redditor for a few years now, this is my first "throwaway" account. My story is similar to Anna's if you know the Tolstoy novel. I haven't read the novel, though, just the latest movie. But I'm a big Tolstoy fan and have read much of his work.

Anyhow. I'm 35. My husband is 50. My ..what do you call one you are having an affair with..? him. he's 38. My husband, we'll call Mr. B. and my other we'll call Dr. X.  I've known Dr X for .. 18yrs, married to Mr B for 10. I have been having an affair for 5 months now, but it took a sudden turn a little over a week ago. 


Dr X livs 4,000 miles away, we haven't seen each other lately since the affair started, so it's emotional, as sexual as you can get at this distance. We're seeing each other in a couple of weeks. 


Dr X called me drunk. It's been a non-emotional thing so far. It's been "this is just sex b/c we were so hot together 12 yrs ago" type of thing.. he was my college BF for a very hot summer. But was my Bestie for 8 yrs before that. So we're close, but i've made it clear that this is not emotional. its just sex. i have said that blatently. 

So Dr X, drunk, starts saying why did i leave him? why didn't i wait for him (he went away for a year to scotland for his phd), why didn't i know he wanted me? he made a big mistake, he was scared. but he never said "love" except then he said he would very "lovingly"(that word) kiss me. 


I'm at the point in my marriage that I'm done, but not done, either. And all of this is so confusing that I end up drunk/high and suicidal nightly. Because it's tormenting. Does Dr X love me? Is he in love wiht me? what does that mean?? And if he doesn't, and if ther'es nothing there, I can't live in this marriage and I dont know that I can get out of it. My husband threatens suicide when I've threatened to leave (many times over the years, most recently tonight).


I've had a few shots of vodka, smoked a bunch, and I'm pretty sick on top of being bi polar and on my period. I know I'm not going to kill myself tonight, but I am starting to plan and what's so strange is there's a serenity about it. I've done all I can. I wanted more. But if I can't have more.. and I dont mean Dr X. Dr X is just the promise that this marriage could end, I could possibly get out of it, there could be hope of something more interesting out there for me. I still want to live in Europe for 2years and visit where I grew up. This marriage will never allow me to go home. It wil not allow me to travel, it will not allow me to breathe. I am in a beautiful gilt cage. I am well taken care of, I have all I want, Mr B gives me anything my heart desires and then some. But I can't travel, I can't live where I'd like to live, I can't pursue some of my dreams. Do I give them up? Do I live in this beautiful prison? 


can't stop the spirits when you need to
this life is more than just a read through

I just wanted to vent. But i'll also take advice. Oh and yes, I am in love with Dr X, always have been, when he left me, I got married to leave the state and try to forget him. It didn't work. And here we are. How does he feel? Can anyone tell? and anyone else felt that serenity once you just... totally... give up?

love you reddit
xo

Anna