how long can i go till i end up being done withhadnt intended to come back here even though i'm at my lowest i've ever been, but miraculously when things are bad they do in fact get worse even when it doesn't seem possible. i needed to sound off somewhere.

sometimes i scare myself. sometimes im not  sure if i want to die but it feels so inevitable because honestly how sustainable is feeling like this? how sustainable is routinely overdosing on painkillers as a way of self-harm because im too cowardly to fatally overdose/try any other method more successful? how long can this go? it's been years since ive been truly happy, months of being in emotional agony. my online presence is my only presence so to reach the epiphany ive reached, that it's all naught, that i've lost almost all my friends, community ostracization, so on, so forth, it kills me. maybe someday literally.

im only a highschooler. i know there's more to life. but the pain till i get to the vague potential of mental prosperity, it doesn't feel worth it. so many other teenagers, so many other people older, so many, have struggled with the same feelings for all of human history. what will make me stronger than them? i dont think im stronger than them. so it feels inevitable. i know i said im not sure if i want to die but at the same time, i do. if tonight when i go to bed i silently pass away and im gone to the world and lost to the ages it would be okay. 

it feels so sad to know your imprint on the world and how little it is. i dont even mean existentially, i mean even in comparison to others, my age or otherwise. it's a flawed movie but at the end of lovely bones, one of the lines resonated, in how the girl who died said "i was here for a moment and then i was gone. i wish you all a long and happy life." for some reason it gets to me. ive been here for a moment and once im gone the world will move on. seasons will change, people will age, and ill be free of it. ill just fade away

there's a unique feeling in not knowing whether you'll survive to the end of the year. i feel for those who somehow stick around me when i never seem to get better, only worse, and i never provide enough to make sticking around me worth it. that's why im so easy to drop. sometimes i dont know how i ended up this low and i wish i could turn back the dial of time to try and curb it. i didn't think i could be unhappier but i always prove myself wrong

my eighteenth birthday will kill me emotionally if i get there. i don't want to. i just want to be done. life isn't worth this