I can't see the point in livingI'm not sure how to start this off besides introducing who I am; I am an autistic 16 year old who has schizophrenia and possibly other mental illnesses (no one can say yet because apparently you're meant to be 18 to diagnose some things) and I just can't find a reason to live.

My parents had sent me to schools which said they would look after me but they never did, the schools and my parents ignored my cries for help (until I was 14) because I was young or something along the lines like that. People bullied me, teachers didn't help, and other emotional trauma that I had encountered. My high school deemed me as a child who wouldn't understand or obey rules even though I tried my best; they literally gave me detention for doing nothing and they would move my seat in classes often for no reason. My parents took me out of school after I started to show anxiety and tears to them, I developed a twitch, a stale personality and memories that will never leave me. I wouldn't mind telling them but I'm not sure how to fit them in here.

I know if I die, people will miss me. My parents love me, my (four) friends will miss me and so will my pets. But all of this trauma that I cry every day about won't go away, it made my social life become non-existent, no teacher would help me so my grades fell drastically. Currently I am at this special school for autistic kids but I still feel the same (even though they are a nicer school that supports me).

But besides this, I realised that there is no point for me in life, in the end the world and the universe itself will be destroyed meaning my presence isn't valuable. I told my parents this and they are also worried, but I just can't handle all of this because of how the schools treated me and harmed me.

The therapists I go to try to help but I know that they wont, they will just end up giving me medication that will dull my mind, I won't be my self. Even one of my therapists said that it was all my fault, saying that I did all of this and everything else was in my head.

All of this hurts a child's mind, making them an inside person with no reason to live, it hurts more and more every day, I just need a reason to live but I know that I can't accept anything, even if I try to.