Nothing ImportantIf you cant read the whole thing i dont blame you.
I'll be honest, I have no idea why I'm posting here. I mean I've posted here when I was "on the edge" a number of times. But I mean, it's not like I'll ever be able to actually go through with. I've tried so many times but I always wuss out at the last minute. Not because I'm afraid to die. Because I'm afraid not to. I'm afraid of messing up and living through whatever I try with whatever results. Like I could try this, but if i fail i am paralyzed and can never try again, or brain damage, or just something that will make life even more of a hell than it already is. It's like, a whole reason for wanting to is because I fail at everything I try to do in life, so why would I be any more successful with this? I'm sorry. This probably is the wrong place for this. And there are probably other people who need and deserve your attention so much more than I do. I just don't know where else to go. I want to die. That much is unquestionable. I have no reason to be alive. Which sounds like depressive crazy talk and irrational rambling but I say that very objectively. No emotions behind it. Just factual acknowledgement. Im a disappointment to my family, which they remind me of every day. As far as friends go... really I don't have any. I was never skilled at making friends and I've lost the ones I had one by one over time. I have 2 left. One of them is beginning to get tired of me. He'd never admit it but I can see it in his eyes, his body language. My being around is grating on him. The other one.. hurts a little more to lose. She is the only person that I can genuinely say has ever been truly important to me. We used to be best friends and she helped me through alot of my worst times. But shes all of a sudden gotten very distant and ignoring me. I mean I can understand if she was busy and stuff and not keeping touch for a few days or even a few weeks  (we initially were texting consistently throughout the day every day but it suddenly stopped completely) but this is coming up on 4 months now. 6 since the last time I saw her. I understand she has been busy and sick and dealing with a lot of stuff, so i am by no means upset with her or anything. Its just been a while. And I'll reemphasize she is pretty much my only friend so if she isnt talking to me nobody is. Its just, hard. (For the record if not already deduced it was something of a romantic relationship). And just, with the seeming to ignore me stuff, its forced me to think about things like "is she tired of me, did i bore/irritate/embarrass her". I mean, i knew i wasnt good enough for her. Maybe she finally figured it out too. I know she deserves more than i can ever be. Its because of how good she is that she even gave me a chance. She needs someone better. But i digress. We were on the topic of my failures... i used to be smart. Im not anymore. I graduated top of my class. But my brain doesn't work anymore. Ive tried and i cant even figure out simple things anymore. Being smart was my one good trait and its gone. I "could have" gone to any college, but i couldnt afford to. No problem, ill just get a job and save up some money to go. I got a job, i sell people @#$&amp; they don't need at prices they can't afford. But heres the thing, they only have me work weekends. So i dont have weekends to myself  (a very big contributor to my losing friends cuz i could never do anything with them) and i still barely make enough cash for gas money to get to and from the job. This is all on top of some pretty dramatic internal stuff (which my previous posts go into more detail on so id rather not this time. 

So yeah. I dont know. I give up. Every night i just wish and pray not to wake up the next day.