Why bother?It seems like one night I'm great, the next night things are utter shit. I can't keep up a fulfilling relationship with anyone, be it friends or lovers or what have you. Or maybe I can, and I just don't appreciate the friends I have and the people who care about me. Regardless, I feel no love from the world, where I put all my love into it. I'm growing estranged to people, like they're some black hole of emotions, screaming their own feelings, but sucking in mine, never letting go, consuming all my efforts and non-efforts that just makes me feel, why do I bother acting happy and laid-back and motivated, when all I get in return are shallow people who don't see through it, and the people I care about and respect, seeing right through my thinly veiled act. It's something about me. Maybe I'm too intense of a person, and anyone wanting to know &gt;&gt;me&lt;&lt; gets scared away. Maybe I'm too much of a roller coaster, one moment this, next moment that. I don't fucking know. But all I know is that the reason why there's no real point for me anymore, is that this is something based on my personality, who I am, who I was born as. I can't change a single fucking thing about it. How am I supposed to change &gt;&gt;me&lt;&lt;; and, even if I could, and trust me, that's not lead to great places, what would I change myself to? It's all too much... Add to that that my family doesn't understand me, my parents think they're doing what's best for me, when really they're just as bad as me, wanting everything they want and saying that it's what's best for me... Therapy only went so far... Meds are fine, but I still am feeling hopeless and defeated, not because of some unexplainable depression, but of the very real realization that I'm just not a person who people enjoy being around. It's nothing I did, it's just who I was born as. Oh, and did I mention that they're throwing me all this academic support and putting me in alternative programs, when all I want to do is confront my agony face to face in school, not be trapped in some half-assed hybrid semi-school.

I've been thinking of the final solution for months now, but something just keeps holding me back. I'm tired of throwing myself over and over again at life, and my moral tolerance is waning every day. It won't be much longer until I have no restraint at all, and then that'll be my day...

Please, I'm begging you, help me...

Tl;dr? What's the point of living when my personality just sucks, and I'm constantly aware of it?