I don't know how I can keep on living anymore, its like I have to die to be happy..I posted this in /r/depression aswell, im just so depressed..

Since im 12 it was always like this, I had a strong immunodeficiency which made me fail school and everything else, since I always looked ill everyone in school looked down at me and they bullied me.. Fine, I kept on living till I was 19 (im 21 now) then I got a girlfriend and even work was fine and everything seemed okay. But since then, it was always like this: everything is fine with my girlfriend, suddenly I have problems with my boss at work (I was in a 2 weeks vacation and he just called me and said he wants to fire me) he never said anything like this before. So far so good, after I came in on work again almost everyone at work started bullying me aswell, they said things like "he doesnt work and just chills on his handy, hes lazy" just to get me out of this place.

After some time, I quit because it was too much for me.

Several month later, still everything was fine with my girlfriend, I found another workplace, did 1 week of practical training there and everyone there was so nice to me and I really loved to work there.

Yesterday I got confirmation that they will accept me and I can start working there. I finally got a new job! And it was awesome aswell!

But since it seems my life has to suck, my girlfriend just broke up with me after 1.5 years and I dont even know why, she never told me anything about that and just said "hey, I dont love you anymore, we cant do this anymore" We had so much plans, we even lived together and she went to school here (it was a long distance relationship at first but she moved to my parents house with me) and now I just feel so lonely and shit, I honestly dont want to live anymore and I dont know what to do.. the most important thing in my life is to not be alone and well.. thats gone now...I cant enjoy anything without her, the only thing I like to think about right now is dying, even if I want help..
