Bipolar - antidepressants causing manic stateedit:  I am sorry about the formatting.  I wrote a lot and am not sure how to organize it.

Hello,

I was misdiagnosed with depression and given antidepressants six years ago.  I just went through a hyper-manic state.  I canceled my lease(paying 7000 dollars in fees) and moved back across the country from a job I've only had for three weeks.

I'm seeing my psychiatrist on Wednesday.  The damage to my life has not been great.  But the damage mentally has been large.  I can now take a tally of it.

My manic state was based on my depression at the time.  My mania's obsession became to damage myself emotionally so that I would eventually kill myself. I understand that most people go through self harm, but I have always been more afraid of shame and failure than physical harm.  As such, hurting myself mentally longterm became my primary focus.

To do this I fought to make my non-manic mind hate things about myself.  For example, I am a minority and when my mania increases I would read breibart, and stormfront to try and associate my opinion with theirs.  I'm a man and I would masturbate repeatedly while forcing myself to think I'm a girl.  I did this almost everyday for six years.  I now have gender dysmorphia issues.  This is the largest issue I have as there is no natural counter to solve it.  

I was a good person before, and the goal of my mania was to make myself hate everything about myself so I would eventually commit suicide.

There are two parts of me left, the mania that wishes to damage myself more, and a horrible person that I have created through that mania.  Early on I would wonder why I was doing this to myself, eventually I just accepted it and allowed it to keep going.  I now read racist newspapers and feel good about it.  I rationalize and support their arguments even without my mania.   Knowing I would see my psychiatrist this week and try and get help with the gender dysmorphia I've masturbated several times, and mentally pushed myself to think I'm a girl.  Even this message is just a way of hurting myself more because of how embarrassing it is to write.

I put myself back on the antidepressants so I could do so.  I now mentally associate myself with racists and feel good while reading their opinions.  I listen happily when people make bigoted remarks because they make me feel better. Logically I don't know why they do, but when reading them I feel like their comments are comforting me.

I'm a gross and disgusting person, and that is all that is left of me.

I have three options.  
1.  Refocus my mania to try and fix myself.
2.  Go into a manic state to kill myself.  My original diagnosis of depression was caused by this and I was only saved because my Mom walked in on me.
3.  Get depressed enough that I hate my current self and change.  This was my original plan before I had done enough damage to cause any cognitive problems.  

Counterpoints to argument 1:  I am 24.  I only have a few more years where my mind is plastic.  I don't know if I will be able to cure the gender dysmorphia/sex issues I have in those few years.  That is the issue that scares me the most.  I also have never been able to choose what my Mania focuses on.

Counterpoint to argument 2:  I have a loving family.  I told my parents I think I'm bipolar, and they told me it wasn't true, but they also said they would support me no matter what and that they would always love me.  I don't know how to do this while giving them closure.

Counterpoints to argument 3:  This was my original plan.  I have never been able to control my depression, and the person I have become isn't easily depressed.  Between myself and my mania I have no part of my mind I can trust to do this.


Thank you for reading this.  I think I am only doing this to make me hate myself more, and follow my mania.  But even the person I was before would have wanted to do this.

tl;dr:  I'd really like you to read this.   That said, if anyone has experience with managing bipolar disorder I would really appreciate it.  Even a couple days of not being manic could get me really far.  I am seeing my psychiatrist on Wednesday.