Why am i like this?I'm 17 years old and i just graduated high school by the skin of my teeth. 

It all started when I was in 7th grade. I had a best friend who i'll call Dana. Just like me Dana was suffering from depression and anxiety. She used to pin her issues on me causing me to feel like I was wrong and mad me feel horrible. That's when my grades began slowly but surely going down. They called my mother to the school because my teacher said that I didn't seem like I had usually been. 
Then, I began high school with Dana. Dana and I were both unstable and had began cutting school because of how much we hated it. I had a breakdown during school and was brought to the hospital. Instead of my mother worrying about me, she was mad at me and hated me. Now, she was always a good mom. She made sure i was healthy, i had clothes and made sure she gave me what I wanted. But, when she was mad she had no filter telling me things such as how she hated me and how I was a child from the devil and she wishes she would have just aborted me. This hurt me as a child but now it really does nothing for me. 
Freshman year finished and Dana and me stopped being friends. Then, sophmore year I found a whole new group of friends. They were different from Dana. They were fun and liked to do stuff. They didn't do the best in school and usually cut a lot. I was happy with them though because finally I fit in. With them I cut school and wasn't doing well in my classes. My mom came up to the school trying to make me do better but i didn't. Cutting classes and not doing well was a repeating issue throughout my high school years. In the middle of my junior year to get my parents off my back I started making fake report cards. Senior year they had found out that I had been making these report cards and I had to make up 9 extra classes. Along with that, they paid 3.5k for a trip to Barcelona and I wasn't able to go because of my grades. They were only able to get 1k from what they paid. I switched schools to a credit recovery school which allowed me to take 11 classes at once along with online classes. They then rewarded me with allowing me to take their car to school in which I took advantage and began cutting again. My grades were still good but, its the fact that they give me something I want while I do something they dont want me to do. They eventually gave me my own car and i got it taken away after 2 weeks when my mom came to my school to see if I was there and  I wasnt. I always make excuses and I get more mad at them when I do something wrong. I still graduated on time so they gave me my car back but, my fuck ups arent over yet. I was dating this boy that they didn't know about because he was Black. Me and him had snuck up to my vacation home which is in a gated community. The alarm system went off in the house and they found out I was with him there. Then, they found out I wasn't a virgin. They were heart broken. My dad was crying. And, my dad is such a great dad. He always believed in me and gave me what I wanted. He is a hard working man and he always cared for me deeply. I felt so sick. I couldn't believe i did that. I hated myself. I just wanted to dissapear. But, like the great parents they are they talked to me nicely and only took my car away for a month. So this summer I got a job at Mcdonalds trying to make a difference in my life to do something productive. But now instead of going home after work I just go hang out with my friends during my free time in the summer. My mom said that I use them for somewhere to live and I dont really love them. But I do. Now just yesterday, I told my parents I was going to work which I was. But, I ended up calling out and just hanging out with my friend after the fact that they let me sleep out the night before with my car even though they never let me sleep out. Since I didnt go to work I hung out with my friend and when I was pulling out of a parking lot a man claimed I hit him even though there was no damage or anything to the car. Instead of calling my parents i didn't because I was scared they would be mad i wasn't at work. The other guy filed a police report. My mom found out and shes furious. My dad said he can't trust me and my mom hasn't trusted me in forever. I am such a fuck up and i dont know how to stop it. I never do anything right. Now, with this accident their insurance might go up to 1k because I wasnt on the insurance. Theres just so many things wrong with me and I want to dissapear out of the world. I feel like all I do is hurt them. I want to just run and never come back. What is next for me? What else could I do? I destroy everything. I need help.