I don't knowI'm a 17 year old girl that is so far gone so here's my story, I hope you listen. When I was 6 my neighbor that baby sat me when I was a baby touched me inappropriately. That went on for 3 years until my family finally found out. People ask me why I didn't say anything, I said that I didn't really know what was happening and that he was like my family.

 After all that mess I went through my dad thought it would be a great idea to get custody of me and my brother, not because he loves us but because he wanted to get back at my mom for leaving after I was born. My dad has a wife that always treated me like fat garbage, she always had said something if I got something to eat. I had counselor that I absolutely trusted and loved until my mom told me what her and my dad was doing. My mom told me that my dad bribed her into telling him what I was saying. I was devastated and realized why I was grounded every day when I was living with him. 

Mom got custody back now at age 9 or 10 and I started to get a lil chubby. Going to age 14 I was about 266 pounds feeling uncomfortable at all times except when I was by myself. I always feel like people are starting at me and making mean judgements. At age 15 I wanted to lose weight and I did went from 266 to 224 but took my lazy bum 2 years. Family keeps on telling me that I will feel happy if I do. I don't at all. I feel worse, now I'm back up to 240. I know this is getting long but it's my life. All my friends are depressed, hell I shouldn't be calling them friends when they don't even talk to me anymore. One of them got pregnant and I had to hear it from someone else.

I think I'm hilarious but my social battery always runs out in a couple of seconds and I don't know why. I just feel tired. I keep a bottle of aspirin by my bed and I look at it every night wondering why don't I just do it, what am I so scared of. I can't trust people or even talk to them. I can go a whole week at school without talking and no one even asks why I don't, not that I want them to. I don't have a life, a job ,car, license,or a Temps. My mom has a warrant out for her arrest and she has custody of me so she walks into a BMV she getting arrested. I have no one that loves me. People are like sure u do that's bs. And if they show love it's fake as hell. Because behind closed doors they want me gone. Well thats it I'm really want to die right now suicide is my only option.