I'm sick, and I'm tiredI think about killing myself a lot these days.

The strongest reason I have against doing it is how devastated my sons and my husband would be.

I generally like being alive. I do.

But lately, I only seem to be content when I'm distracting myself from the material circumstances of my existence. Reading. Binge watching my favourite shows. Painting and other crafts, when I'm up to it. A glass of rosé with lunch.

The moment I'm not doing something to keep my mind off what's going on, the thoughts of suicide seep right back in again.

I know what folks tend to say when they hear people saying things like this.

"It gets better!"

"Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem!"

"Don't be so selfish!"

"Think about what you're leaving behind!"

"Whatever your situation is, it could be worse!"

Yes, I have contemplated all these things before. That's why I'm writing this and am not currently underground.

The thing is, I'm sick. Doctors can't seem to tell what with, exactly, but, suffice it to say, it's made life a lot more difficult than it used to be.

The last specialist I saw said "you have Chronic Fatigue Syndrome", and begun to outline a plan in which I'd keep track of what I do throughout a week, then look back on it, to bask in all my worldly accomplishments.

Apparently, the primary means of treating what appears to be chronic neurological/immunological disease is to effectively change the subject and make sure your patient doesn't \*also\* become depressed.

A self-fulfilling prophecy masquerading as a treatment plan.

To make things worse, it's putting a strain on a relationship that I didn't think anything could ever get between. It's making me feel terrible that I can't be the mother to the children that I used to be, and it's making me feel guilty seeing how my condition is affecting the man I love.

And now I don't want to tell him about it any more. I don't want to mention that I'd straddled a kitchen knife, and fantasized about jamming it into my neck, because all it does is upset him. He'd be better off if I was dead. The kids would be better off if he'd remarried. But he won't leave me becuase he's too much of a sweetheart, and he won't admit it, becuase it'd break his heart to have to say it out aloud.

My life is the primary source of unease and discontent in our family, but my suicide would probably just flip the cart and fuck everything up beyond repair.

The irony of it all might be funny if it weren't so awful.

I sometimes wish I could wake up tomorrow feeling better, but I can't even remember what it was like not to feel sick any more. And I'm afraid--I'm terrified--that it might actually happen; that I'll get better.

I'm afraid because I've had to leave behind the only job I think I'll ever be good at. I floated all throughout high school totally disillusioned with everything. Everyone seemed to be able to piece together their future with ease. They knew what they wanted, and they knew how to get it.

I did fine, academically, but never knew what I wanted out of this crazy carnival ride. Purely by accident, I discovered an industry that fit me perfectly. And for just over a decade, I was doing it, and--for the most part--doing it well.

Now, trying to do it is like trying to un-break window. You can put all the effort you can muster into gluing each shard back together and still be no closer to fixing it at the end of a full day's work.

I've become totally unproductive. I'll have days where I can't get out of bed, and all I can think about is how much of a burdon I am to those around me--how much life is lost by those around me purely becuase they were unfortunate enough to care about me, or depend on me.

What point is there to being alive if all you do is take from those around you and give nothing of substance back? Sure, they like loving me, most people like to love. But at a certain point, it's pathological. At a certain point, it becomes like an addiction. My kids are pitching in with their father \*to take care of me\*, and all I want to do is crawl into a hole and disappear.

It's possible to love things that aren't good for you. And that's what I am now. Like cigarettes or a fucking slot machine. Take and take and take. Back to being that confused girl in high school, except now, minus the youth, minus the charms and minus the physical capacity to walk up a flight of fucking stairs without feeling sick to my stomach.

Life is great. Just not for everyone and not all the time.

I've had a decent run. Better than most, I guess.

If the world of medicine suddenly discovers a way to cure whatever the hell is wrong with me, I'd really appreciate it.

Otherwise, I can see a day coming over the horizon where pain finally outweighs guilt. And I see that day coming, again and again, for anyone unlucky enough to follow in my footsteps.