Balancing on the edge of the unknown: reflections. Sometimes I am amazed, as I look at all the posts on SW. I am amazed by how many people feel just like me-or at least share some similarities. I wonder if this seeming phenomenon is a new thing, if we are driven to it by our current money-centered, perfection striving culture? Or our push towards isolation and individualism because we no longer rely on one another, need one another? Trust one another? Because most communication is not face-to-face so pains remain hidden? Our confusing mess of philosophy and psychology and religions? What is it? I thought I would give a glimpse through my eyes, of death vs. life, and what it is to me. Perhaps this can help those helpers either understand some of us, or help others voice their own perspectives. I am by no means saying that this is how all suicide-idealizing people feel-some are very practical about it. I tend to be more, I don't know, I guess romanticized about it. Anyways...
To me, Death is a beautiful, inevitable, yet feared phantom that is neither being nor beast, therefore cannot be called moral or immortal. It is reality for mankind. The only true reliable reality. Some see it as doom-and some have good reason to fear it. But I do not. To me it means rest. It means final escape. It means rescue.  It means reward. Some feel fear when they think of death. I do not. I feel its pull, it's seduction, it's absoluteness, its sureness, and my need for it. Every day the body- like a flower reaching for the sun-reaches for death. It grows towards it, decaying away.
But this...terror...this deformed monster called life keeps me away. It mocks me and wounds me. It toys with me and teases me with bright wonders that are quick to betray. Death does not lie-but life does. Life is full of falsehoods and eager deceit. (Mind you, I speak of life here and now on this world, no relation to afterlife). It is a monster that wishes only to toy, torture and destroy. So here I am. A feeble wisp of flesh balancing on a fickle waste of breath between two "realities"-one a confusing and false shadow, full of unnecessary hardships, and the other, a strong, comforting, knowing gateway to true reality. So while I am still here, my eyes open to such things, I must learn to breath in flesh and hold the breath of my soul until my natural time comes. But my mind does not wish to do so. Here is my struggle. This is why I write. To try and unravel the dark mystery of understanding and seeing mortal life and Death for what it really is.