Help is pointless...I have been depressed for a long time, I am not sure when, the hospital diagnosed me with MDD when I ended up there. Now it's been six years, I have not had attempted suicide, I just always considered it, looking down the bridges or the balcony to see if I will survive. It started during grade eleven and hurt me the hardest during summer as I started cutting myself, then during grade 12 I was considering suicide which ended me up in the hospital and then I had to take grade thirteen as I lost too much time and fell behind in classes while I had a social worker and taking prozac actively. None of it was helping I was just dragging on.

I attended college and changed majors twice, I spent one year in one and failed and another that I spent two years in until I couldn't take it anymore it was not only affecting me mentally, but  it was hurting me physically, my immune system was compromised because of stress. I felt useless, I felt helpless and I must admit I had two counselors and I had been taking my medication regularly. I quit the medication, it wasn't helping me and I was spending most of the time in bed, and quit eating food for days, starving myself for. I came out of the major and took another one that felt better for me I had a very good gpa at first , I did still have counselors but I stopped the medication all together as I said earlier. So I was pretty confident with myself come the second year and I decided that I didn't need counselors anymore so I closed my case with them. Later that year I started struggling again, I was tired I spent sometimes sixteen hours in school just trying to get things done but I failed so many times and at the beginning of third year I gave up and came out of the program.

My parents after my hospitalization kept saying it was okay that I am not performing well but that's not me. I wanted to perform well at least at one thing in my life, to complete college and probably get a good co-op opportunity but now after six years I am at square one. Constantly thinking of suicide, feeling that I have no path forward, I am done hanging in there. 

All the time I struggled and told my friends, I just lost them as if I had no close friends. I still have my best friend and another close friend but I don't bother telling them how I feel everyday, but they stayed and know my story. Oh I forgot to mention the obvious, I don't have a girlfriend or any relationship, I tried a few times with a few people but I failed and stopped perusing a relationship.

I am just planning suicide again, I hate going back to that hospital with its shitty psychiatrists. I just don't know if I succeed but I am too much of a coward to do it.