Tired of being too difficult to love. Thinking of attempt number four.All I want is friends. And I want my mother to love me. And those are the two things I can’t manage. I feel like I do a good job of treating people like how I want to be treated. I give compliments constantly, I do things to make people’s lives easier, I sacrifice my time and energy to making my friends and family’s lives more enjoyable and I think I’d rather throw myself on a sword than stress someone else out. I feel like I’m constantly doing things that are supposed to strengthen relationships. I focus on being a good listener and a kind person. But it’s like no matter how hard I try no one seems to think I’m worth the same effort. 

I feel like I’m always an afterthought. No one ever reaches out to me. No one ever does nice things for me. I feel like I’m constantly giving and no one else loves me enough to give anything to me. All I want is the occasional hug, or a text asking how my day is going, or to be able to make plans without being flaked on. I don’t understand why I don’t deserve basic acts of love and kindness. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. 

I’ve tried to kill myself three times before. Each time was an overdose. Each time I adjusted my medication, attended near constant therapy, and made major life changes to try and improve my circumstances so that I could be happy. I’ve worked so hard to be where I am now, and I’m just as miserable as I was the night I took a bottle of pain pills with a bottle of Xanax to try and escape. I feel like I am always doing what I am supposed to do. I’ve tried every coping skill. I’ve tried taking medicine and seeing doctors consistently. I’ve tried inpatient and outpatient and partial hospitalization. Every single piece of advice I’ve been given I try and put into action. But I’m miserable. And I’m alone. And I’m back at zero.

I’m graduating college soon. I know everything is going to be more difficult soon. I have no money, no prospects, and no friends. I’m going to end up living with my mother who hates me and my sister who wishes I died the first time I tried. There is no way out of the future I have created for myself. I’ve done every single thing right and I’m still stuck. I don’t understand the point of trying anymore. 

I’ve had a rough year. I was sexually assaulted in front of my friends in the fall and no one said anything. My dog died. I was flown out for an interview (which cost so much $$ I didn’t have) and eventually turned down for my dream job. I was turned down for every other job since then. I’m already ugly and obese and I keep gaining weight because I have an eating disorder and also apparently a multitude of conditions that cause weight gain. This last depressive episode has cost me all of my friends and support systems that I had in place. Every single day has presented another obstacle. Every conversation I have ends in another inconvenience or insult or problem I have to find a solution for. I’ve always been high functioning in my depressive episodes so I still have class five days a week, work full time, sports three times a week, and an upcoming move and life upheaval I have no time or money to prepare for, and no one can tell that I am on the edge at every single moment. 

I feel like it might be time. I feel like I was supposed to die that first time when I was fifteen and my soul has just rotted inside of me since then and that’s why people have avoided loving me. Maybe they can tell that I’m not supposed to be here and that loving me isn’t worth their effort. I feel like maybe I’m already dead and it’s time to give it up and let my body rest. 

I don’t know how I want to do it. I remember my therapist always saying that suicidal thoughts were really only a concern if you had a plan. I don’t know if I believe that anymore. I can’t overdose again, because it never works and I don’t have the right kinds of pills and I’m an adult now so the psych ward must be even more terrible now that I’m not just surrounded by twelve years olds on their way to juvie. I’ve always wanted to slit my wrists, but I’ve tried and I can’t press deep enough and anyway if I try to go to Walmart to buy razors I think I’d wimp out. I can’t jump off a bridge or a cliff because it’s dark and that’s so scary and I think I would feel very alone. I imagine shooting myself in the head every second of the day all the time and I think it would be so freeing and taste so sweet and the feeling of a fun against the side of my head seems like such a relief but I don’t own a gun, and I don’t know where to buy a gun, and I think maybe they’d be able to tell what I was doing if I tried to get it and I can’t handle that shame. 

I just want to go. I want to be free. I don’t think I’ll ever be happy. I think maybe I was born to be miserable until I die and maybe I’m just a plot point for someone else’s story. I don’t know. I wish someone would break into my apartment right now and strangle me so that maybe my parents would feel bad about all the times they put their hands around my throat and I could finally go out the way that my body wants me. I don’t know how to keep living like this. 

But I have a paper to turn in for class tomorrow morning. So I guess I don’t have time to think about it.