Can anyone help?I'm thinking of committing suicide. I don't think any one single event has caused me to come to this conclusion, as I assume it must with other people. My father has not just passed away, I have not just lost my job, my wife has not been sleeping with my brother for the past year. I have come to - what I see as - a rational decision to end my life.

Life seems like one endless, unrewarding struggle towards an end goal, which is death. I really do not understand. I am not religious, nor do I believe that my body does anything after I die but decompose. If there was a reward at the end of a human being's life, such as heaven or paradise, then it would make sense. But there isn't. People struggle and stumble through their insignificant, meaningless lives towards death. It seems rational to me to avoid all the misery of life and simply end it now.

It's possible that I am completely insane. I mean, I doubt most people who contemplate suicide think what I'm thinking now. I almost wish that something terrible had happened to me to make me feel this way, but it hasn't. I live in one of the wealthiest and freest nations on the planet, during the most enlightened and advanced time in history. The cells that combine to form my body do so for a mere second in the history of all things, and therefore suicide seems almost insulting, or ungrateful. There are people in the world that do not think these things because they are too preoccupied in finding enough food to feed their starving children for the next few days. I feel ashamed that I feel this way, but that doesn't stop me feeling it.

Am I missing something? Is there some vital piece of information, some spark of happiness in the grey misery that is life? I have thought that changing the world in some way may be the key, but that wouldn't help at all. The universe has been here for billions of years, and it will continue to be here for billions of years yet. I am but one human being, on one planet, in one solar system, in one galaxy. Even the most influential people here will be forgotten. My life will achieve nothing.

I think death would be peace. They say that suicide is a coward's way out. Think of that. The fact that you need strength of mind and willpower simply to stay alive says something to me. It says there's something very, very wrong with this world. Something wrong with this life. 

I am asking for help here because there's a flaw in my rationality (or insanity). If my argument were a sound one, people would be dropping like flies all around me. I would have no family because they'd have all hanged themselves or thrown themselves in front of trains by now. But they haven't. It could mean that other people don't think like this, or about this. Maybe they do think about it but have come to the conclusion that life is worth living for some reason I can't understand. Or maybe all these years I've been clinically insane and need urgent help. If anyone knows any way to help me, please do.