May have made a mistake in calling 911 on my suicidal motherMy mother and I discovered recently, in the midst of the downfall of her marriage, that her husband (my stepfather) has been keeping some very serious secrets - drug abuse, financial troubles, etc.. Out of frustration, she kicked him out. Since then it's felt like everything that could go wrong has gone wrong. We came back from an extended vacation just as things between them came to a head, and as we've worked to undo his problems they've seemingly multiplied - fix one thing, find two more things broken or incomplete. Understandably, this has left her feeling heartbroken. Add to that the fact that she's in extremely severe back pain and needs surgery, and it's been a very toxic few weeks. 

The last week, however, has been horrifying. I have never seen her so broken, so angry, so despondent. She's called my stepdad and flat out screamed at him to kill himself, she's mentioned how she'd love to kill one of our dogs and leave its corpse at his feet to make him feel *something*, and she's also been telling me that she feels utterly alone as if nobody loves her or wants to support her. I've spent every night for the last week or so staying up with her until she falls asleep at 5am because of subtle and not-so-subtle hints that she would love to die. She's told me she wishes our lawn mower (which stepdad broke and was too broke to repair and, of course, said nothing about it) would catch on fire or topple over on top of her so that she would die in an accident and not have to put me through any more pain. She's told me not to tell anyone about her suicidal ideation because I'll screw myself out of getting her life insurance policy. She's told me that she wants to set the house on fire and stay inside so she'll burn to death. Things like that. I nearly called 911 on Wednesday because she started to make some extremely violent threats to me, our dogs, and herself, going so far as to set some of stepdad's clothes on fire.

As if all of this weren't enough for her to deal with, today she got the news that her favorite aunt (and only surviving family member on her deceased father's side) has passed away. Her emotions have been vacillating unpredictably. She's been sobbing unconsolably one minute, and the next she's swearing and screaming unprovoked at the McDonald's drive-thru attendant. She spent three hours telling me about how she was going to kill herself but she wouldn't do something that would force me to see it, and that she was going to give me all her jewelry and her Jag. What set off all of the alarm bells was when she started calling everyone she knows to say goodbye and that she was done trying to stay alive.

That was enough for me. I called 911 and told them I didn't know what to do, and they said they would send someone here to talk to her. Thing is, she's a retired cop, and she told me multiple times not to call the police or she would kill the dogs and then herself in front of me with a kitchen knife and do it so horrifically that I would never forget it. I didn't want to hurt her but I was so damn worried about her and felt that I was out of my league, especially because of the threats to the animals' safety and my own. They got here, talked to her, and of course, her police training allowed her to evade suspicion even though I'd taken the precaution of recording her more disturbing revelations. She convinced them that I took what she said out of context in spite of my audio recordings of the conversation. Once they left she blew up on me - called me a liar, said I was trying to hurt her, and implied that the dogs are gonna die and that I am soon going to be out of a home (I'm disabled and unemployed so that's gonna be a disaster).

I don't know what to do. The police officer said I could go to the magistrate's office and have her involuntarily committed if she continues to present as a danger to herself or to me and the dogs. I don't know if that's the right decision to make. I don't know if by calling the police I utterly screwed up but I think I made the right decision based on my knowledge of the situation and her words, actions, and inactions. Any suggestions or advice or anything would really be welcome. I'm extremely afraid for her safety and well-being, and to a lesser extent, I'm afraid for my dogs and myself as well. I just want to make sure she gets the help she needs. I've tried to commit suicide before so I know what that desperation and hopelessness feels like - I don't want my mom to suffer any more than she has. 

Tl;dr - called 911 on a suicidal retired police officer and am afraid that I'm gonna be kicked out, me or my dogs might be harmed, or that she's gonna kill herself anyway