I think I just made suicidal gesture?Okay, 

So I'm in grad school and it really sucks. I'm really not into the idea of going into academia, but I don't want to quit, I love my discipline and, let's be real, I have nothing else going for me. That said, I can't stand my peers or the faculty, I feel like an idiot most of the time and I cannot get excited about the prospect of taking this any further, given the cost.
I got into a language program that would be great for my CV, but financially speaking, I just can't afford to support myself through the summer. Outside of loans I'm on a shoe string budget as it is and this would ruin what little of my own money I have left. I tell my adviser this and she tells me in so many words that if I don't do this, I will not get my degree. My adviser has been really absent through the degree process and hearing this is really disillusioning.
I have no clue what to do. I don't want to give up my degree, but I really, really HATE my program. If I stay, I'll be miserable, if I go, I'll hate myself for quitting. I know what your thinking, but transferring in grad school is easier said than done. 
Last night, I got into a really big argument with my parents. It wasn't so much about what decision I was going to make and more about the fact that I need to lighten the fuck up and take responsibility for myself. A few hours later, after I got done studying, I was really upset.  I was thinking that I had made an irreparable mess out of this situation and that there was no way out of it. So, I took my belt off, fastened it around my neck, tied it to a rack in my closet, not one high enough off the ground to hang myself and just sat there. I considered tightening the belt enough to try to cut off circulation to my head, but either I didn't think it would work or I chickened out. I don't really know which it was. I took it off and just went to bed.
So, I guess my question is, did I just make a suicidal gesture and what should I do about it? I don't want my parents to worry about me/I don't want to deal the embarassment of any potential fallout from telling anyone about the situation. But, I also don't think  this is something I should brush under the rug.