I just want to be myself.
I had a girlfriend. She'd been turned down by members of my friend circle for her looks, but at a music festival we spent a night talking (nothing sexual) and really connected and got to know each other. One week later we were together. Our relationship was for me the happiest time of my life (cliche i know), but unfortunately for me it suddenly ended after around six months as apparently she wasn't ready for such a serious relationship at the time; although I believe these reasons were coverups or they were different, badly described emotions.

It crushed me. 

To say the least I was distraught and i spent the following couple of weeks torturing myself with memories of her and songs that we had enjoyed together. At this point I had no contact with her until one night when i first tried to kill myself.

I have bipolar disorder and to those who don't know that means huge mood swings between depression and mania. On that night I was drunk and under the influence of my prescribed sleeping pills. I ended up calling her for about 15 minutes and for most of the conversation we were just chatting, but at one people she said that she didn't want to get back with me definitely (beforehand there had been some ambiguity over a 'break' style situation). After the phone call I was ok, but after a while something flicked inside me and my depression went to the max. I sent a text to my ex (let's call her E) decrying my eternal love for her but ended with a not that i was going for a walk and wasn't sure if I'd be coming back (going for walks when im depressed is time i most have/act upon suicidal thoughts and she knows this). I left the house but luckily 20 minutes later I was back as E's older sister, J, had called me and persuaded me to keep living my life despite what others thought.

Me and E never spoke again until today (about 6 weeks since the episode). We were chatting about general stuff and it all seemed great. The conversation would occasionally go onto 'dangerous' topics such as whether wed been with anyone else (ive kissed a girl and it seems i might be starting a relationship, she's only got with some guys at clubs; with again nothing beyond kissing). Talking to her was nice as while we were together we did so every day, but today I had a constant ache in my heart as I texted her as if I was her friend.

Oh, and that girl I've been seeing that E now knows about(R)? I tried using her to fill the hole E left but its not happening. E is better than R in every sense. More fun, better personality, better look, the list goes on an no. I am very tempted to say that she's the perfect girl for me but I know that coming from an 18 year old will probably get mocked and laughed at. 

Now we were onto why I started this writing however. Ever since things ended with E I haven't been able to be myself in any way. Those telling me that there are many fish in the sea I want to shout at them that I only want one god damn fish, they can have the rest. With my bipolar I get mood swings that turn me into something that I'm not, and I cant find one of my friends that would stay on the phone and talk these problems through because either theyre shitty friends that wont care or i dont want to put them through me saying BOO HOO IM SO SAD OVER MY EX. It's fucking humiliating.