I'm going to kill myself tonightHello, my name is Cam. I live in the UK and have been fighting an already lost battle. I have realised over the past few days that my life is just a shit show. I have never had friends at school and spend my time sitting on my own. I am overweight and spend my free time by myself not even with people I know online. I sit here and talk to myself and it's disgusting how much of a waste I am. My mum hates me because I have given up hope on everything. Everyone thinks it's some sort of phase but I’ve tried so hard to break my cycle and I can't. I tried to kill myself before but I thought of my grandma and how sad she would be before she died seeing that I had gone before her. She always has looked after me and I love her so much but she can't do any more for me. I hate to say this but I hate my life and have done for a while. I lie online to people on Twitter about having a car and an amazing job to make me sound so much more interesting and don’t even show my face because of how disgusting and horrible I look. I’m ugly as hell and it won’t ever change. I know everyone who looks at me thinks I’m a disgusting person and they have their wish I will kill myself and stop wasting everyone’s time and effort. My mum doesn’t even know I feel like this and shows so much attention to my other siblings I feel like such a failure. I just wish this would all stop I used to hurt myself but it has got to beyond the point of caring anymore and I’m just going to kill myself. It’s the only option to fix my mess of a life I can’t wait to die in my sleep tonight. My girlfriend cheated on me multiple times which shows how much a no good loser I am. Everyone treats me like I’m invisible and if I was dead it would be no different. My tears are rolling down my face while im typing this because I know I have no other choice but to go. My mind is made up. So, to all the people reading this family or not I hope you all have better lives than I did. I tried so hard to be happy I really did but it got too much. I a good for nothing loser and I don’t deserve the right to live a life like this being lonely and wasting food, money and effort. 

“Sometimes you gotta get really high up to notice how small you are”

Cam. 
