Is it worth living to be an adult?My name is Jordan, 16 years of age and I have posted here before but during a much darker time when I really wanted to die. 

Anyways, I have slowly started getting my life back on track. I have had special moments in the past with the people I love and care for, cherishing these moments are much more important than holding onto their death. 

I have started to somewhat get on a "good" diet and attend the gym frequently and feel much better about myself. Have started talking to more friends and have even found a girl that I care very much for and have been starting to go out with her. Point im trying to make is I shouldn't be depressed, sad or suicidal in any way. But I am absolutely terrified of "growing up" or becoming an adult. 

Every day I sit on my chair and ask if I really want to apply for jobs, do my taxes, slowly leave what is arguably my favorite time, childhood. Do I really want to lose connection with all of my friends as I become older? Do I really want to apply to a college and spend days and nights working my ass off to get a degree? Do I want to have multiple break ups leaving me broken? Do I want to eventually have a kid that sucks all of my money out of me? Do I want to become old to the point where I forget how to use a microwave (Become completely oblivious to how technology works and runs in our everyday lives)? 

The short answer is no, growing up seems like the fucking worst and I wish I could go back in time to every single time I told my dad "I wish I was older, being a kid sucks", and punch myself in the fucking face. Im already at the point where any kid that is like 12 or 13 I just look at them and let them know how lucky they are. 

Can anyone who is considered "older" (than 16) please let me know what you can actually look forward too? Right now it looks like living past 18 isn't worth it. 

Much appreciated you listening to me. Thanks. :)

TL;DR Being an adult looks like an awful experience, what do you "old" people look forward to doing every day? 