Life's just gotten hopeless, worthless, and many more -less'sHey Reddit. I’ve always looked over this subreddit, and I’ve posted here a few times, too (of course, under different usernames, but you get the point.) I’m down again, and I just want to talk.

To start, I’m a 17 year old male high school student from the U.S. I have around a 3.3 GPA (gee, Harvard here I come), a small amount of friends (most living outside the county, unfortunately, so I can’t see them), and I’m living in a lower-middle class household with my mom and two sisters. I’ve been depressed for six years and suicidal for five. I’ve seen a few therapists over that time, but they’ve never known about anything pertaining to suicide. I guess I’ve been too afraid to tell anybody.

Now, onto today. I guess that the longer I live, the more senseless and useless my life becomes. I’ve done nothing but fail over my personal expectations over the past few years. When I should have been developing a skill or learning something new, I was just messing around. Now, everyone around me is talented or knowledgeable in something, and I don’t have jack shit. Whether it’s my grades, me helping friends, or just working to start something I’ve always wanted to do, I fail at all of them because I don’t have the knowledge I need. And with that, more expectations and worries get piled on. Many worries, like my failure of a future, the harm towards my family and friends due to not being able to act on social and emotional situations in which I’m called upon, and when would be the right time to just pull it. Heck, my latest worry is about my weight (I’m 5’10” and 145 lbs), which I never had a problem with.  And I don’t have the willpower to work towards fixing it.

Of course, I do dream. I dream of a positive future sometimes. One where I’m a successful musician, or a famed writer, or a screenwriter. Ones of having a family and doing great things for them and the rest of the community. But as soon as I somehow lose the sense of dread in my body, my mind takes over. “You’re not good enough for that.” “You can’t even take the first steps, you pitiful pussy. How do you expect to get that high.” “Things will never work out like that. It’s fantasy.” Dreaming may be the only thing keeping me alive, and I can’t even grasp to that?

Here’s how I see my depression. I think this was from something else, so if I’m not giving credit, I’m sorry. Depression is like being thrown a bowling ball to the chest, where your arms can’t catch it beforehand. You fall to the ground, gasp for air, put on a dumb face, and let the pain radiate from the point of impact all throughout your body. After a while of just lying on the ground, you get up, hoping it doesn’t happen again. But guess what? As soon as you get up, another bowling ball is thrown at your chest, right at the exact same spot as the previous time. You fall again, get another painful spot on your chest, and get up again. But it just goes on and on, bowling balls heavy and heavier striking your chest and knocking you down. Soon enough, after enough hits, you decide to just lie there. The pain pins you down, you’re certain you have a few cracked ribs, and you know that by not getting up, you won’t get hit again. You may look pitiful, and the people around you may say that it won’t happen again, but you know it will. You’re safe on the ground; where you belong.

That’s where I’m at right now. I don’t want to get up and get hit with life if I know what’s coming. I don’t want to get back to learning the basics of things if I know that I’m always going to be significantly behind. I don’t want to be inspired. I’ve been selfless, polite, and obedient all my life, so I don’t care if it’s selfish. I don’t want a second chance in life, seeing that it’s going to end up like the first. Actually, I just wish to go back in time and catch the fucking bowling ball before it hits me, but that will never happen. I just want to lie on the ground, let a rib pierce my heart, and die. Now that’s metaphorical. In real life, I’m starting to become interested with hanging. I don’t know how to tie a noose (yet), and I don’t have a “plan”, per say. But the thought rides through my mind like a never-ending train. Hanging will give me the pain I deserve for all the pain I’ve caused, while it will bring me the death I both long for and deserve. 

If you read this far, thank you for doing so. That’s a lot of words.

**TL;DR I’m dumb with street and book smarts, I’ve been depressed and suicidal for years, leading me to not have the willpower to learn or to fight, and I feel that dying is better than facing the painful expected.**
