I almost killed myself, just stopped because of my curiosity of wanting to understand my suicidal thoughts, and because of my low attention span and dissociation. I may do it laterTW death&gt;!I've been wanting to die for so long, so many times.!&lt;

I have traumas, dissociations problems, I'm made of parts, those parts contain memories, feelings, thoughts, etc...
Those parts, by combining, form my consciousnesses.

Those parts keep combining, decombining, associating, dissociating, to the point that there's no "real" me, no experience of myself that is continuing, that has a story.

I know that tomorrow, the parts of me that will make me conscious will be different from those that I have right now, the memories of me being there right now could go somewhere, forgotten, keeping only the vague impression of having written something on reddit.

The feelings, the thoughts that I have right now will not follow my existence, they will get buried somewhere, in some parts, to be revived maybe next time I'm in the same state of emptiness.

I don't know what to do, I don't even know what I feel, I have so many contradictory things in me. If I were to make a historical timeline of my memories, it wouldn't have any sense.

I have too many memories for one person, too much happened, I was too many different persons, in so many different situations, with different goals, dreams, aspirations, values, problems to manage every days, relatives, feelings about relatives. I just know that it was always a different kind of personal hell with it's own suffering.
And that's only for the real word, because it add up with what happens in my daydreams, *of course*.

My attention span is so short, I feel like the main character in the movie *Memento*, I keep discovering old tabs on my browser.


And sometimes, I remember. All the things I promised to do, all the things I wanted to do, all the things I had to do. Months later. Regrets, confusion, self-loathing.

Obviously, I'm not working, nor studying, I tried, but I would sooner or later broke down, as if I tried to keep a sand castle from collapsing. Failure, again and again.

And then I would wake up, having vague memories of where I was, of who those people are, memories that don't feel like mine, I would loosely remember what kind of person I was acting, and it would feel so alien to me, fake, as if it was someone else. Same with break ups, I wouldn't just forget the person I broke up with, I would have a blank of months in my memory.

The worse is if that person I was, did something with consequences, like stated their values, things they are going to do, argued with someone, lost a friend, gained a friend, etc... Because then, I would feel trapped, having to keep the coherence of what I did, although I only half remember, or don't feel the same than at that moment at all.

TW death &gt;!Hell, while writing that, I forgot why I was about to kill myself. It's okay, I know it will come back soon or later, always unexpected.!&lt;

I feel always so alone and disconnected from people, I often speak a lot about myself, as if I have only a few minutes of existence left to state who I am, to feel myself existing, to have an idea of who I am, and to tell what I think I am to people, in the hope that with time, they might know me better than myself, carrying forgotten parts of me in their heads.
And also maybe have them correcting their precedent knowledge about me, as I have already changed.

It's confusing sometimes, because I would want to talk about a memory, a thought, a feeling that I know I had at some point, but that I don't have access to at that moment. When talking about that, it would feel as reading the notes the "me" that has those parts passed me. I have "lied" sometimes because I would talk to soon and failed to check the memory of those parts before talking, and so saying things "I know" are wrong.

TW abuse &gt;!The worse is with my family. They think they know me, but we don't know each other. Sometimes I would remember all the horrible things that has been done to me, I would feel like I'm going to get killed, even if I'm alone, far from them.!&lt;

Sometimes I would see them, and act as if all is good and I appreciate them, as if nothing happened, but with the strange impression of not being in control of what I say or do, acting as if I like them, respect them, and we are a normal family, although I have a burning hate for them in me, and found the situation unbearable. It would feel as if my actor play is stuck on me, even if I want to be myself. 

The ever-present threat of being yelled at, dismissed, verbally humiliated, threaten, hit, "hugged", having my means of mental escape (book, music, games) taken away from me. Automatic mode protecting me from their scary reactions, by being what they want me to be. I would feel so humiliated by that, it would feel as if they managed to steal myself from me by inserting a fear so strong I would feel like death would come upon me if I resist. I was so scared of finally snapping and killing myself, either suffering from  deciding to put an end to all of it, as if it would be the only way to stay myself if pushed too much in actionDeath of the remaining will to live, and hope I had, as I was always so tired and trying, being punished would feel as an endless torture, stuck in a time that don't move, revealing powerlessness and despair

or I would hide from them, or I would dissociate and feel as if I'm not there, or I would feel aggressive, but since I'm unable to express anger, it would be passive aggressive, contained. 

Sometimes, I would feel on the verge of saying "Nice to meet you, I'm ***".
I stopped saying "mom" or "dad" to my parents, I don't feel that I have parents anymore.

There is a blurred cut, between the child me that trust their parents, and like them, the young me in despair crying every night, begging for something to happened to be moved from there, the adolescent me that hate them and thought of killing them to be free.

Between the me that had my father as a reason to keep on living, despise the abuse from my step father and mother, and the me that want my father to die, things happened, different me that been there, and it seems so blurry, I only remember wanting to die and hurting myself from when I started living with my father.

It was all the child me wanted, and it became the worst that has ever happened to me, but I don't remember how. Sometimes, I remember years later, when I failed at studying and fell in depression, and my father telling me that I was a financial burden, and that my "holidays" are what keeps him from buying the car of his dreams. I would remember myself being terrorized and having panic attacks thinking of the moment my father would come home, not even able to kill myself, just wishing I would not be there at that moment.

I would remember