I dont know what to do.The past 10 years I spent sort of dicking around and just existing. Here I am 28 and every time I move away I have to move back to my dads town to take care of him I've moved 3 separate times and each time I'm drug back because of his health problems.
Except I came back 3 years ago and the past year I've been trying to straighten out and get ready to go to school and move out again but this time dad is so sick he cant get in and out of the shower he falls almost daily hes constantly saying"can you do me a favor" and the situation I'm in is in trying to fix my life finally I'm trying to lose weight and educate myself so I can find a nice woman and start a family so I'm not miserable and fat and die before I'm 40 so I can be happy and successful but I cant because I have to be around dad constantly idk if he is truly trying or if hes just saying he is, idk.
The 2 Choices I face since were both poor as shit is put him in a shitty home where he cant( maybe) play skyrim or watch hulu and just live his life being miserable til he dies or just give up my hopes and aspirations and just take care of him full time.
I want to go to school and lose the weight and become something but I cant do that while taking care of him.
I'm trying to swim back to the surface and hes the anchor around my neck dragging me into the depths.
I love him with all my heart but the thought of just sitting by taking care of him until he dies and then being fucked cause i spent my youth taking care of him and being a fat loser makes me want to headbutt a train, then again leaving him alone and helpless makes me feel horrible too.
To make things worse I'm always mad, I'm always hostile towards him ( my dad, my only dad who I love) I hate this feeling our place used to be full of joy and music and movies and grilling on fridays now its filled with anger, sadness, frustration.
I'm trying to stay positive and strong and such for dad but everytime he falls or I hear him crying about how god hates him and whatever he wants about my positivity absolutely shatters.
I dont know what to do, to make things worse none of my friends talk to me anymore cause of this. I'm alone in this and I'm losing myself, im losing my will to fight and im losing my dad.
I'm sorry for the shit format and spelling and grammar errors but please forgive me I'm on my phone and my mental state right now is in shambles.
I dont know what I'm expecting, I've lost faith in people and myself so say whatever you wish guys.
Have a good one.