Super depressed..Hi, I've lately been feeling super depressed w/ my self. Just got into college, and I have been feeling a lot of pressure y'know. I've been already slacking since the very beginning once again, and I always thought that college work with since most of my classes were once a week and its not like high school. I always told myself that I wouldn't slack when I enter college and that everything would be fine and that I would do better there, turns out I'm not. I feel so lost, I don't know what to do I feel so much pressure on me, I always try think that I'm good with math or physics etc. it feels like I'm trying something I can't or will never be BUT ITS SOMETHING THAT I WANT TO BE. It feels so hard I have my first 3 test on the same week and I just failed my quiz. I'm so scared and I start to ask myself should I quit college, I don't know how people do it, I want to quit college already but I don't want to my parents invested a lot of money to get to college and I actually want to get somewhere in life. But every single fucking time I get so depressed I just end up feeling so weak on the inside constantly thinking negative, and end up not doing any of my work or study my subjects, and it feels like I have no choice in life at all either, I constantly have to go to church even though I don't want to, I get bullied by my uncle, and I have a girlfriend which I constantly have to talk to everyday and those everyday moments consists of sadness and arguments. She's someone I love, but I don't but she's someone I can't let go of because she has done so much for me. I broke up w/ her 5 times and there was a point where she broke up w/ me and I don't know why I didn't let go that was my time to start over again, and be a better person but I didn't I felt afraid of being alone I've lied to her multiple times on why I loved her, and its because I don't think telling a loved one because you don't want to be alone is a good idea. I really don't want to commit suicide but I have thought about doing so for the past couple of years, and its so hard for me not to do so because I want to make the most out of my life, I want to leave a mark on this planet when I die. But it feels so pointless trying to do so because I can't drop things that are trying to drag me down because I'm afraid of nothing. I tried to give myself tough love because its true, I'm doing bad in school because I'm always playing video games when I'm supposed to be doing my work, I can't stop doing things for my girlfriend because she will feel upset, I can't ask her to be left alone, I constantly have to say sorry, people around me are doing better than me at basically everything that I do and want to do. I just can't handle it anymore, but I don't want to stick these bad habits of drinking or doing drugs to get away from my problems, and I especially don't want to commit suicide. I've wanting to commit suicide ever since grade 11 until now, but I just never can its so hard to just let everything go, but everyday depression, and pressure eats me alive, and I'm afraid to do let go of things. I apologize if this makes no sense its off the top my head and I'm trying not to cry about it. If anything I'll try to clarify.