my parents deserve to suffer if i diemy parents are separated but still live in this house together making every single day torture. the yelling and fighting is something that me and my brothers have to deal with everyday and have dealt with for the last 15 or so years. there is no physical abuse but emotionally our problems are never ever looked at as real.
the only thing that matters to each of my parents is fighting the battle between each other. i lost 30 pound in 6 months because of my eating disorder. i ask my mom for guidance every now and then when i can’t bring myself to eat. sometimes i will go 3 days without eating a meal and i get hopeless and tell her and i can tell she’s not listening she’s on her phone and nods “mmmm”. she doesn’t think i have an eating disorder. i am 22 and this quarantine has caused my company to lay me off. i haven’t received unemployment money because my state is extremely behind. i have even talked on the phone with a representative and my pay is still so far behind. i have been 8 weeks without money and now have lost my job so i don’t even have that to look forward to after all of this pandemic. i am slowly losing all of my savings, and i am stuck in this house with my parents who deserve to be tortured with my suicide. i don’t even have enough money to buy or lease a car to leave this house. i feel trapped every second of the day and i have a boyfriend but every second im with him sends me into an emotional spiral because i just vent to him about everything. but i am so depressed that my relationship doesn’t even comfort me enough. i am so hopeless that i will ever have enough money to move out and live on my own, let alone get a car to get out of this state. i don’t know what to do. i know i should get a job right now but my anxiety of his virus has caused me to not leave the house once in 8 weeks. also contributing to my eating disorder because i haven’t bought food. my parents don’t work so i can’t even go down to to the kitchen and get a meal. my life feels absolutely pathetic and i know i am pathetic and my parents would absolutely find a way to make my death about them. i can’t wait to die to prove to all my extended family once and for all how awful my parents are