I'm not just saying this, but it's for you.Most people are just reactive, you're right. They don't think for themselves, for them it's monkey see, monkey do. But not you. That's the advantage you have, and it's not just an advantage, it's a pearl inside of you that will bring you what you used to want, what you used to feel, that you have been looking for. Only when your waters settle will you find what you seek. I'm not talking about the spew the penny-grabbing preacher speaks about when he says, "You'll find what you truly desire, but it's not actually what you want...etc..." You know, the same drab horse-meat they feed you. No, I mean, you will find what you know you want.

You think after all of the enormous pain you've had to tread through, the unbelievable agony, that it was all for nothing? Far from the truth. You will be restored ten-fold what was rightfully yours, and has been stolen from you. It's not going to be a bullshit dream that never moved you, but you're going to soon be able to be connected completely to nature and it will finally open up the best of the best life has to offer. There's no way after all of the abuse, the hatred, the lies, the betrayal, the near-death situations you've had to put up with, that it ends with a lackluster thing. Stop predicting things, they will come your way and come around. You have to keep carving your path, you're better and smarter than all of these dummies around you. Like I said, they only react, they act subconsciously, you on the other hand, have intentionality and a definite freedom of choice.

It's not going to be a disappointment, you will get what you are after. You know what it is, just do it, for you. You're the only one who has the answers. You're the only one who knows how to solve these difficult problems. Why turn back now? You're already here, the only way is forward to the best way.

It's been a Rolling Stones-world. You can't always get what you want, but you get what you need. To hell with that, you will get what you want, because you realized that there are actually no such things as needs in this world. There are only desires. Food, shelter, and water are desires, you only need them to live. You found out you don't even need those if you don't want to live anymore. So everything comes down to what moves you, and don't believe what moves you and what you think about all the time can't be achieved. It is coming your way, all the suffering wasn't some bitchslap end. I'm talking rough because I need to talk rough to someone who has had it rough.

Yes, they were assholes to you, yes no one understood the severity of your issues you had, all combined and prolonged over time. But forget about them, they didn't get it. And they were wrong. There's no sense in caring about people who only want to take you out. You know the rules, play by them now, and carve the path.