I just want to die in peace.I hate myself.

I used to be so social and outgoing, I had confidence and lots of friends. I don't know what the fuck happened but my life just took a turn for the worse and before I could blink I was paralyzing self-conscious, my self esteem flew out the window and I became depressed. That happened when I was 11. Fucking 11-years-old. I've literally wanted to kill myself since I was 11 and if that isn't fucked up I don't know what is.

I don't have any friends at school. I have perfectly fine social skills and I have an enormous capacity to relate to people but I'm just so damn scared of rejection that the thought of saying good morning to someone is enough to send me into a panic. My dad always tells me its a hit or miss, but he doesn't seem to understand that the misses are what threaten to push me over the edge to suicide. 

I'm ugly. Absolutely fucking hideous. My dentist suggested to my mom that I get surgery to reduce my jaw because it was hindering my appearance. I used to feel pretty, sometimes, I wear makeup and do my hair as nicely as I can every day but it doesn't change the fact that I was born ugly. No one ever looks at me. No one's ever hit on me or shown interest in me. I'm just ugly.

I just turned 16 but I can't drive yet because I'm too fucking lazy and scared to get my license. I don't have a job because I can't even go into a store and buy something without panicking. I literally can't do anything.

I've been seeing a therapist for a while and she hasn't done shit for me. I go in there with an open mind hoping that she can do something for me but she doesn't tell me anything I've already heard. 

The funny thing is that I'm not even depressed. I used to be depressed, it was awful. But nowadays, more often than not I don't feel like I lack energy, I don't feel guilty, I don't feel sad. But I still acknowledge the fact that I'd much rather die than be alive because I suck and being alive sucks. My perception isn't being skewed by depression, I'm looking at this from a completely rational standpoint.

The only thing stopping me is the way my mom calls my name when she gets home from work everyday. She says it just like when I was 7 and she was waking me up for school. I'm her only child and she loves me so much and so does my dad and while I should be thankful for this I just wish they didn't because I just want to kill myself in peace.

I don't really believe that anything will get better. I don't really want to live the rest of my life being shit-faced ugly and unable to socialize because of this damn anxiety. It feels unfixable, not even my therapist knows what to do.

A while ago I realized that the only times I don't feel like dying, it's only because I manage to forget the things that make me want to die. It's all just one big lie.

There are so many other reasons why I want to die but I couldn't fit them all into a reddit post so whatever. I just wanted to get this off my chest.

The thought of dying is so comforting to me. I only wish I could do it without hurting my family in the process. 