no sympathy for the devil
35 Male USA

	A million people shouting into the darkness of the internet I thought my last act would be to add my voice to the cacophony.
	I think the Web will one day become sentient and it will yell at us in a voice that we will hear as noise at worst and some strange whale-song at best; forever unable to decipher its message. But thats not what this is about. It is however A Reason for writing this missive. Another reason is perhaps that some person might be able to learn from my mistakes.
	Where to begin? A brief history?
	Born to very very Christian parents my first memories are from the Ozarks. My father was in a program to become a minister. One day he left and was gone for quite some time. Me and my mother, living in a small trailor, began to starve for lack of ... well anything. My father returned with two children a boy 11, and a girl 10. He had been at disney-world for a month while we starved. The children were from a previous marrige my mother had no idea about. 
	My memory goes completely blank here for about five years.
	The next memory I have was being raped by the older step-brother when I was eight. He was about 16? ish. I have always been physically strong so I managed (sort of) to fight him off. For doing that the step-sister and brother sat on me and methodically broke 2 of my fingers. I am pretty sure this was not the only incident of this type, but the only one I can with any detail recall.
	We lived in a major city at this point in the projects. My parents spent most of the time "evangalising". Before to long another child was on the way and my father recieved a church to become minister.
	I cared for and protected my brother as best I could for the next few years. I became an introvert and spent almost all my time reading and watching my little brother develope. For whatever reasons my mother and father were never around. Mostly tied up with church buisness. We had to keep up appearences.
	We moved every 6 months or so from then as my father was shuffled from church to church, getting fired from each one for basicly being Stupid. 
	By fourteen I was employed full-time by working several jobs my parents had gotten divorced and I made a fairly decent attempt at a normal high-school life. I am strong and pretty athletic so I did well in football for a while. I had spent most of my life reading up until then and found the classroom activities to be a bore. I am by any definition a rather unattractive fellow and not sociable so I never really have friends or girlfriends. Not having any attachments to the school I left at sixteen and started dual-credit college classes after a battery of tests.	
	I loved academia. I loved that value (for the most part)
was determined by the potential for thought above all else. I met a girl and fell in love. We had a relationship but she in no way felt the same and it ended just a year later. At the time of course I was broken. Now the memory of all that feeling is a small comfort to me. 
	At this point in what has become a small essay I should point out two things: 1.As a consequence of fighting often (and winning to convincingly) I had been sent to a shrink that diagnosed me as borderline sociopathic. 2. The only people that could elicit any emotion from me at all are my younger brother and my former GF.
	My mother at this point thought it would be great to marry some truck-driver and run off leaving my younger brother to fend for himself. I had to quit school and return home. I became a drug-dealer to survive and quite addicted to heroine. One step ahead of the law one day I had to just vanish and took my by now almost adult brother with me. 
	I got clean but not before the poison was fully entrenched with my younger brother. All of his failling I can now lay credit for. He struggles to this day with addiction problems.
	The next few years I worked menial, off-the-grid jobs. In 2008 the economy went bad and I have basicly been out of work since. My legal status is unknown to me but I am sure a few things remain on record including the three and a half years of student loans. So most work I find must be under the table.
	My brother and I live together again because he called one day and said, "I have type 2 progressive MS". He has children. I came to help him but find there is little to do besides watch him be in agonising pain every day.
	We are all an expression of setient thought, In other words as has been said by far better men than me, "We are an imagination of ourselves." The catch is however that to imagine a tolerable life, a life that would leave me with feeling other than sadness, would require a complete break with reality. Also I can longer envision a future of anything but suffering.
	I have pills that will put me to sleep forever and very soon im going to take them. I Have never told the truth of my life before to anyone ever. I am not sure if this post is interesting in any way but I will answer questions for a while. I do not hate humanity, and so like I said before maybe this will help somone in some manner.
