I finally tried it....Two days ago I tried to kill myself. The past 5 weeks have been nothing but dull &amp; depersonalised. In other words pure Anhedonia. I haven't felt happy in almost two months. My demeanour has gone from someone who usually likes to explore the world to a husk where all I feel like doing is either falling onto my bed (or out my window) or lashing out at people physically (not that I ever would). I feel even worse about everything because the one woman in my life who has been there for me these past few weeks wants something I just can't giver her at the moment. Nothing enthrals me or makes me happy &amp; everyday is a struggle to get up in the morning &amp; stay around for the day. I should hate the woman who's actions lead me to this but I just can't, I still love her too much &amp; it just doesn't change. My life feels like it's going nowhere &amp; I don't want to live in this world. I was always a misanthrope in terms of the human world, but this has gone to new heights. Not even sex makes ma happy anymore, even when the woman enjoys it a lot I still feel nothing, I get infuriated at the slightest mention of anything to do with the latter woman, which is what happened two days ago after I found out she was seeing someone. I flew into a rage &amp; I was on the verge of violently hurting someone, however that isn't in my nature so I just took it out on myself. I spent two hours cutting my arm in my room with music blasting so my roommates could not hear. There's now blood stains on the carpets so I haven't let anyone into my room. I felt light-headed so I laid down and put my hoodie on over my face, tied it up &amp; fell asleep. I woke up &amp; hung out with my friends wearing just my hoodie to cover my arms then later went back to a friend's apartment &amp; almost passed out in his bathroom. I'm fine now &amp; my arm is healing up slowly, but nothing has changed other than that. I still feel filled with rage, because I used to feel sad &amp; depressed but it all turns to hatred the human condition &amp; myself. I feel weak &amp; powerless. I'm just here to talk. Thank you….