Dont know what to doLife has been hard for a long time. I have 4 kids, a wife is abusive, and a full time job where I see some shit, and im in school full time. This is extremely confusing for me. I love life. I love my kids. I love my wife. I love my job. I love learning. But together. Its unexplainably overwhelming. The biggest stress is my wife. Shes emotionally abusive and makes me feel like a waste of skin. I work so hard to provide. And all she does is make me feel like shit about it. Shes been physically abusive a number of times. Although i truly dont care about being assaulted. I use to be punched in the face for a hobby. What really hurts is that shes extremely jealous and possessive. She doesnt trust me despite never having a reason. If I work with a woman she will berate me for it until i want to tear my own eyes out. 

On another hand I have ptsd. My job is difficult. It takes a sharp mind and that requires me to pay a lot of attention. To every detail and when i come home i dream of the horrible things ive seen in detail. Ill smell something and it will remind me of a certain situation or ill hear a sound have an anxiety attack. In the moment i never realize it is traumatizing. I always look at it as a case study as if im still in school. Its not until later that i realize how traumatic it was. This started about a year ago. I started school to further the career i love. Bills piled up. I fight more with my wife. I fight more with my kids. Free time is a distant memory. And at any moment i can smell, hear or see something that makes me remember terrible things. I cant tell my wife because of my fear of beratment. My wife has made me distance myself from everyone i called my friend. I have no one to confide to and everything is piling up. My dad had a saying. "you cant fit 10 pounds of shit in a 5 pound bag" i didnt know what he meant at the time but now i understand. Every little traumatic situation. Every mean thing my wife has said. Every bill that i cant pay. Is a tiny particle of shit that goes into my 5 pound bag. Well i now have a bag overflowing with shit. 

Lately ive been fantasizing about suicide. Ending the gauntlet of bullshit. This has escalated to planning my suicide. Now the only thing stopping me is my kids and my dog. She would immedietly get rid of the dog. Im ashamed. I always told myself that suicide wasnt in my vocabulary and i never understood how life could get that bad. Well now i understand.