Need Help!! Im on verge to get insane.I don’t understand this situation. There are tons of thoughts in mind. Revolving around my mind. Pain, agony, sadness, depression, suicide, loneliness, disappointment.   Hence I’m writing down all my issues.  
I have been struggling thought heart break and this isn’t an ordinary heartbreak. It simply shattered my mind completely. I use to save our meets and places we visited along with the number of steps taken and km travelled on foot!! Count was 518 places together visited, over 619000 km travelled together! Now the counter doesn’t move. It was a 10 years relationship. I could partially overcome, because the reason for heartbreak wasn’t said while the closure and many other reasons which I will mention here! It made me insane, thousands of memories and words shared/said to each other. How could a relation go that badly in the end which was so beautiful! While leaving relationship, she said relation was shit!! Since ten years she was staying in shit and she realised on 10th year!
My parents feels I am avoiding marriage. In fact, I am refusing to see girls for marriage with this state of mind. My mind is afraid of the relationship and on the other side my loneliness is aggravating my mental instability. I need someone to love and care. Someone who understands me and my family. 

My mind keeps on searching for possible reason for heartbreak! 
That last rose bouquet wasn’t good enough, which refused to take!
Selfie taken right before the breakup was blurry.
I refuse to make payment of the bills in order to teach her! 
My muscles were not built enough
My house was too small
We belong to salon community
My height was small
I bought her 4k watch when she wanted 7k watch, I had low on budget
I wasn’t successful enough
I was vegetarian 
I didn’t know to dance
I wrongly booked tickets for date 6, but we were supposed to go on 7th!!
I refused to take coke with masala cheese grill cz she had cold
I wasn’t well that day, had severe headache and I said please talk in hindi while she was talking in Bengali
She asked for ps3 but I didn’t gave cause I wanted her to focus on studies
She didn’t liked my mom
She hated my father
Iphone 5s spat with Bhabhi
Top which my mother brought from usa was good enough
I had hunch back
She wanted to do job and I wanted to do business
She was bored of me
…
This list will go on and on! This is list is made on events 1 year prior to breakup, ie 14/01/2017.  I’m getting insane with pursuit of reason for her doing breakup.
She use to return home by 10:20pm. Around 10:15 pm, the metro train in which she use to travel home, use to pass right in front of my house. I always use to talk to her. That sound of metro passing and she waving hands from the last compartment door… I still feel the same with the sound of metro, I see the illusion of her waving hand, even today. Staying home hurts for one of this reason. 
My brain has been affected and I am always lost in this world. I started doing job so that I forget and come out of this lost world. Job gave temporary fix but mind was still disturbed whenever I thought on getting into another relationship. Again that reason flow in my mind and searching for reason. For the sole purpose for searching reason is that I don’t want things to repeat. I asked my employer to relieve me because I could no longer could focus on work and it was creating unnecessary problems at work.  
I keep getting her in my dreams and dreams are so real that after getting up I check my phone to confirm the dream. Ended up disappointed. Dreams are like she is back and asking to stop seeing other girls. We discuss every running matter and she even says I want to come back but something is stopping me! This dreams are reason for my sleepless nights. Whenever I wake up, I am tired and disturbed…making my mind unstable.
Strangest thing is my friends, we have major friends as mutual friends and after breakup only 5 few people know the true story. She started posting photos on facebook with another guy (of course she had unfriend me on facebook), this fact I came to know from a friends who was avoiding me. Not just he, most of the mutual friend who saw me on the streets, changed their path or hide their face. Once, while heading home to office. I caught a friend hiding face, I asked reason for his action. He avoided saying I have work but I insisted. First he said “subh subh manhoos shakal dekhli.” But I wanted to know the reason behind such reaction and had tears in my eyes. He said asked me about why relation went wrong and then he said “I came to know about breakup after Anjana started posting photos with other guy. She also posted a photo with caption “on right track now” which interprets as she was on wrong track with you.” Then he said “seems like you took her to wrong path”. I can’t go and explain all them cause and show the pain or hell I went through! Who is victim and who is wrong doer, is between god and her. But yes, I lost many friends. I became more lonely, isolated and depressed.

I saw doctor and communicated the facts. Doctor said that there might be something of her still with you hence this is getting over you. 
What I had of her??
Photos &amp; Videos
I had her and our 24500 photos and 1740 videos on my google photos. All this files along with my import files. I took me hours and tears to delete it. It was so difficult to even have a single gaze and I had no option of selecting all photo and deleting it cause important photos are there too. If break up was truth then what those photos/videos were? 
Then emails, 
Over 11000 emails, which majorly pre WhatsApp era and budding relationship phase. I couldn’t see it, had to settle with select all and delete!! Whatsapp chat txt and media backup got wiped too of my important clients.
Then came the cloud storages, 
It’s a curse to be a tech savvy who has heartbreak. I had stored memories on Gdrive, dropbox, flickr, photobucket and the major chat and sms files on onedrive!! This task was extremely difficult because it had important documents stored along with her memories!! Reason of storing along with other files is that I wanted to make it difficult for the people to find it, even if they accidently open those cloud storages. But I never that I will have to face that day.  Deleting it was like separating grains from chaff. Took days for it.
The Path app!!
This could almost kill me! Every details of places we went and things we did was discussed here! Deleting it was so painful that I cried almost 2 days before I could gather courage to delete! I took one last look at the path posts and I was devastated. It hurts, not because what she became or what she did to me but seeing those post made me remind what she was, this reality hurts and its painful. With tears in eyes, deleted the path account forever along with those memories.

Facebook’s “on this day” and google photo’s “past memory reminder”
Both features gave recollection of memories which literally made things worst. Disabled the feature on both apps, making app lonelier!

The pain of google photos!
All the deleted photos were present on google drive, all means each and every photos! Lying in trash bin section. Over 30000 photos/videos. Moreover, this thing didn’t get deleted, it reappeared again and again even after getting deleted. Then the googled the similar issue on the internet and finally got rid of that. However, google photos nightmare didn’t end here. The google assistance sorts memories and creates videos and collage! This is artificial intelligence aspect of google photos. The unsaved memories were not deleted when I didn’t choose to save it at that moment!! It was lying in my unsaved library!! And it needs to be deleted on by one!! Which became pain in my neck! I zoomed out to 25% so that I can’t see those memories and deleted it one by one, 6073 was the count of memories!

The white bag of gifts and physical memories;
This is the biggest momentum left with me, it might kill me! Task undone, as on 04th January, 2018.

I am regularly having suicidal thoughts and the survival instinct and effect on family is blocking my thoughts. But thing is, I am tired of acting normal. In real, I am shattered.
I need help!
