i had the first motivation i’ve had in months, and i achieved something i’m proud ofi rarely see positive posts on this sub and i’m usually a very pessimistic person (hence suicidewatch) but i wanted to share this so maybe somebody can feel a little better and see that the little things really do count.

i never have motivation to do anything these days. i’ve practically dropped out of high school, i don’t get out of bed most days, and i don’t even have the energy to do my art, which is my favourite thing in the world. 

my computer has had this adware thing that basically redirects google to different search engines and slows chrome, etc. and it was incredibly frustrating especially because i have absolutely no patience and it was blocking me from laying in bed watching netflix all day (which might not be a good thing to do anyway). this has been happening since november i think, and i tried to fix it a number of times but it basically tricked chrome into thinking i was being managed my an organization and i couldn’t change it. so the other day i decided i had had enough and i wasn’t going to go anywhere until it was fixed. i sat there all night researching the adware and how to fix it, tried every single thing listed, nothing worked. except something about using mac’s “terminal” to change settings manually. 

i’m really not techy at all but i tried my best and i looked at a bunch of chrome “policies” and looked them up to see what they controlled, and i researched coding?( i’m not sure if it’s actually coding but it looks like it to me?) things, tried some of them together, and i eventually fixed the bug. 

i hadn’t felt that happy in so long, like a wave of proud, accomplished, relief, everything just washed over me. and it does sound really dumb but it made me notice that the little things really do count and even though that adrenaline and happiness only lasted a few minutes, it was a good enough break from the lifeless depression i was feeling a few hours before. 

i’m sorry this story is so long, and i’m certainly not magically cured of my depression or suicidal tendencies but sometimes when the big picture feels like too much, the little things really do make a difference.