I wish I could just disappear so I couldn't hurt anyone anymoreWe started dating in high school and dated for about two and a half years. We broke up a few months ago at the end of our freshman year of college. There were lots of reasons. Trust issues, time management, lack of communication, you name it. There were months and months of fighting and decline. However, we decided we wanted to stay friends (with benefits), and even brought up the idea of getting back together "some day" when we figure our shit out. Then we moved states apart.

Throughout the summer, we had been basically acting like we never broke up. We'd talk and flirt just about every day and even sent nudes a few times. It felt kind of wrong but I was happy, and she was too. I still cared a lot about her and it felt good knowing that we were okay. One day, she lays it all out. She doesn't see the point in staying apart if we continue to act like we're dating. It kind of made sense to me at the time, but those problems we had while dating were still not fixed. I was scared of something bad happening but I knew that she still makes me really happy, so we agreed to get back together when I made a trip up to where she lived for the fourth of July. I felt great until the day I finally left to go see her. On the 11 hour car ride alone, something clicked inside me. I suddenly felt very afraid of getting back together with her. All the pain and hardship flooded back into me and I didn't know what to do. I felt so fucking conflicted. On one hand, I desperately wanted to be happy with her again. On the other, we had basically done nothing to solve our problems and really never had time to be apart. When I got to her apartment, I knew I had to be honest with her. I told her that I was no longer comfortable with the idea of getting back together.

As I write this out I'm haunted by the look on her face when I said that. She was so excited, so happy, and I killed it with one sentence. I didn't want to have to do it but I felt like I owed it to her to be honest. I felt like a monster. But after an hour or two of sobbing and stress from both parties, things... went back to normal. We made dinner that night together and had an incredible time. It was probably the happiest I've ever been with her. I don't know how it happened but everything in the world faded away and we were totally focussed on each other and it was amazing. I thought back to earlier in the day and thought "How could I ever say no to this? What was I thinking?" I told her how I seemingly felt like my opinion on the matter of getting back together seemed to change drastically and rapidly. This made her feel upset, and rightly so. When it came time for me to leave, we agreed (again) that we would continue to remain friends, and she told me to "figure my shit out".

Up till now we had continued to talk as best friends. Last night, we had a particularly powerful conversation about how we felt. We still deeply loved each other and she still wants to get back together. We also talked about some of my "mental health" problems. Basically I am incredibly vain and I need validation from others in order to feel good about myself. I have almost no organic self worth. I try not to get on anybody's bad side because any negative opinions about me stop me in my tracks and I take it incredibly personally. I really don't like who I am anymore and I feel broken. We ended that lengthy conversation with thoughts about getting back together. That night, though I dared not say it to her, I wanted nothing more than to be with her again.

In the morning, however, I felt something different. Fear. Regret. Shame. I realized the true extent of how fucked up I am and I really really didn't like it. I looked back at how much my uncertainty truly hurt her and the guilt hit me like a truck. I cared about her way to much to make her wait around for me to get my head out of my ass. When she asked me later today how I felt, I told her. I was not at all in the right mental state for a relationship (right now). I told her I wanted her to be happy and that no matter what happened, she was without a doubt the most important thing in my life. She didn't deserve to be put through this. She didn't take it well. She understood where I was coming from, but that didn't make it any easier. I thought that would be the end of it for a while, but as soon as the night fell I knew I made a huge mistake. I felt like I threw away the one person who can help me. The one thing in the world that makes me feel happy anymore. I keep going through these huge waves of hope and regret, validation and guilt. I'm unstable. I don't know why I keep feeling like this. I feel like I have no idea what I'll feel like in the next hour. I've lost control of my emotions and I don't know what to do with myself anymore.

It's 5:30am and I haven't been able to sleep since yesterday. She's driving up to see me for my birthday in a week and I want to die so I don't hurt her again.