a memoir of my lifeIm not holding anything back in this post, if i work up the courage tonight(which being the coward i am in probably wont) this will be it. Im 16 years old, im a female, im 5'2, weigh 113 pounds and im mexican american. I have anxiety and depression from sexual, emotional and physical abuse from when i was young and because of fucking school. Ive always hated everything about myself, i wrote my first suicide note on the mirror of the 2 bedroom  apartment me and my family lived in with my moms lipstick when i was around 8. I dont remember exactly what i wrote, but it was pleading god to send me to heaven and to make my family to care enough to bury me. My mom was cooking, my dad was at work and my siblings were with my cousins. I sat in front of the mirror, starring at my reflection for what seemed like an hour but was probably 10 minutes. I was crying at how ugly and worthless i was. After those minutes, i got up and wiped the note off with a sock and left to play tag. I have always been a coward. 8 years later and im still here, but i dont know why. Today i have 3 friends, but our friendships are nothing special. They tell me everything about their lives and i listen, but the second i try to open up about something from mine, they play the "whose got it worse" game and start telling me of stuff theyve heard on the news. I have never had a boyfriend, i understand why though, im fucking repulsive. Everytime i look in the mirror i feel such disgust, I dont beliieve there will ever be a day were im actually content. My mom is fucking beautiful, which is why shes constantly cheating on my father and introducing me to her weekly boyfriends. People look at me, then at her and laugh. I think i look like my dad. I loathe in self pity. School is fuckign insane. I go to a highly competitive high school and have low grades. Everyone has everything together, except me, the stereotypical mexican. My teachers tell me to get my grades up, but when i ask for help tell me ive missed my chance or that i should of asked before. This is all my fucking life. There is nothing left thats worth going on for. Im a waste of space, I just want to die already.