I'm going to do it soon, this is just a last call for advice.This is a throwaway account for obvious reasons.

I'm a 17 year old boy in a Midwestern high school.

 I'm my mothers convienience. I'm also her biggest inconvenience because she loves my two littler brothers more. I'm not the little boy I once was and she's told me that she doesn't like me much anymore because I'm argumentative, stubborn, reclusive, idealistic. Things I'll openly admit to, but she's never been there for me. She could gift me the world and it would still never be enough. I just want her love and attention, not to be shoved off like I always have been. She's never been to  sporting event of mine, has never helped me with my grades, has always attened my brother's games/practices. I'm her little play thing, and I secretly wish she'd kick me out of the house like she's threatened so that I dont have to do this Whatever. 

My dad is a drunk, he doesn't remember the past 17 years of my life and I never invited him to any kind of school event because he was always hammered. I practically raised my brothers. Hard to have good grades when you need to make sure your little brothers eat because your dad almost burned the house down while cooking smashed. He is a month clean after AA, but I know the damage is done. He thinks I'm an argumentative prick and it doesn't help that he's unemployed and around 24/7. 

I love my brothers but they've always been more important than me- they deserve better.

I have had a girlfriend for a year and a half now and she doesn't know that I've been diagnosed with suicidal tendencies, depression, and anxiety. I like her a lot but she's way too good for me. I'll never be good enough for her. She's better off. 

I wanted to be an artist or journalist, but my mom wants me to be an attorney or veterinarian. I don't care about money.

I have gained 15 pounds since August due to my depression. I eat constantly and can't stop. I'm disgusted and take comfort in the idea it won't matter soon. I don't know what to do to stop it. I need help.

I have serious commitment issues. I always quit things before I've ever finished. This is important. 

I've always had trouble socially because I was bullied to suicide freshman year and kind of shrank away from everybody. For this reason, i don't have too many friends.

I'm going to kill myself in the next month or so - I want it planned. I guess I'm just here for last minute advice.  I can't think of a reason not to. 