Do You Ever Feel Like You’ll Ultimately End Up Killing Yourself?Now, I don’t feel like killing myself, nor have I ever acted on it. 
I remember seeing a documentary on TV about a woman who survived a suicide attempt when I was in 4th grade. Before that, I never heard of the word “suicide” or was never even aware that someone had the option/capability to actually take their own life. Since then, I’ve always been fixated (I guess obsessed) on the alternative to kill myself when I feel the time is “right”. 
Since I could remember, the way I thought prior to seeing that woman on TV, was never stable, even thinking back to my first memories as a little girl. 
Growing up, my teachers always thought I was distracted, or daydreaming. It was found later in my teens that I actually had BiPolar. 
I’m not going to get too much into the in-betweens of my life, but I’m in my mid 20s, and this thought has always been consistent in my brain.
 I wish I had some sort of traumatic excuse as to why I constantly think this way, but I don’t. 
I want to say that I think this way when I’m just “depressed”, but I don’t. This thought is always on the back of my brain. 
Knowing that I have the leverage to take my own hen I please, is sickly comforting to me. When I actually am depressed, knowing that that option is always available brings me solitude sometimes; to know that the thoughts I am thinking, or the emotions I am feeling, can be shut off whenever. 
I’m an only child, so it’s currently not an option to just up &amp; leave. I know in my situation, it’d be extremely selfish.  
But when I think ahead of when my mother passes, I don’t see the future. I don’t think I’d be able to see a life, considering she’s the only one who keeps me grounded to this earth now. 
I’ve never talked to anyone about my obsession with the idea of taking my own life, and I’ve always vowed to myself that I’d never actually “try” unless I knew the results would be unequivocally definite (hanging from bridge, jumping off a building, a cocktail of drugs).
The only reason I call this thought an obsessed is because it has crossed my mind everyday for over 10 years, and it’s the only way I have ever seen myself leaving this world.
And that’s the thing; it’s not that I think this world is horrible. I actually think there’s just as much good, as there is bad. Life is tragic, but it can also be full of joy. The world is beautiful, humanity is beautiful. 
But the internal suffering I feel everyday, even when I’m “happy”, is always present, has always been present. I know one day, I will not be able to bare it any longer. I think of it as just “that’s when it’ll be my time to go” y’know? 
I’ve studied, and searched for every reason or excuse as to why my brain works the way it does, and I’ve always had this unrealistic hope that one day I’d be able to pinpoint what was going on, and fix it, cure it, rather than the answer always resorting back my way of thinking being caused from a “mental illness”. 
I feel like being “ill” is such a broad spectrum. What if I’m not ill, and this is just the way I am? Maybe I find peace in the idea suicide because it gives me a sense of dignity. Maybe some people just aren’t meant to be here until their bodies shut down, and have the same mentality as just being like “welp, gettin sick of this. Time to go”. I’m not trying to make this light now, but that is truly how casual I think of suicide. 
For some reason, I know with confidence that I will not live my life out to its entirety.