22, lonely, failure, and no desire to continue on.My life has been in a downward spiral for the last 6-7 years, for the past 6-7 years I've been depressed with life as a whole and have wanted to kill myself. 

I'm 22 and spent the majority of my life growing up overseas, was home schooled and never had any true "friends" or even acquaintances...never had a girlfriend (but not a virgin, not getting into details surrounding that), never been on a date or complimented on my looks. My homeschooling covered 7th-12th (US) grades while overseas and I lacked social interaction and even a basic understanding of friendships, relationships, etc. as a result. I'm unemployed (well, self employed) and still live with my parents now that I'm back in the US, my social circle consists of two people who are a few years older than me and that's it...if it weren't for those two people I would have likely exited this lonely existence a long time ago. If I lack social interaction and the skills necessary to interact with others how did I end up meeting these two people? well, they were introduced to me by family friends and it just stuck from that point forward...I feel bad for them as they know my social circle is limited to them and only them and I can often sense how they simply go-along with me to keep me somewhat upbeat...I've never discussed these thoughts with them as I'm terrified of institutionalization or flat out loosing the only two people I have to talk to. Once in a while I will go out with one or the other and see a small glimpse of what I could only dream of, a normal happy life...both are in relationships and have tons of friends/associates as they attended a large high school here in the states, something I never experienced and believe contributed to my own demise.

My days are spent sitting here online running a small online and mail order parts business, a very frugal means of living and with the limited income it provides virtually all of it goes to cigarettes, alcohol, diazepam and hypnotic sedatives. I sit here smoking cigarette after cigarette while popping pills staring mindlessly at my laptop or phone feeling disconnected from reality...I've been taking pharmaceuticals (recreational) since I was 15 and find they help the emotional/psychological pain (they do not cause impulsive thoughts/actions, again they simply help the pain). 

Yes, I have a car and drive but who would I visit outside of that small social circle? nobody. I hate having to interact with others that I do not know as I became very reclusive several years ago and basically stopped talking to people in public...I do not enjoy bars, clubs, etc. and I talk in a very low tone in public, almost mumble, and hope nobody will notice me or attempt to talk to me as I have little to say/talk about. I guess I live a narrow existence, if that's what you could consider it?

This week I was invited by one of the two people in my social circle to go out for dinner along with his girlfriend and another friend who also brought his girlfriend along, I sat at the table feeling disgusted with myself for being single and felt they only invited me as they felt compelled to. I felt bad for them but at the same time I felt nothing but hate for myself...wanting to choke to death while sitting at that table would be a understatement, instead I took a few valiums in preparation and managed to get past that 1 1/2 hour outing while time flew by. Everyone else carried on a normal conversation but I had nothing to contribute, the person I sat across from didn't say a word to me the entire time while another occasionally glanced over at me in a way that made me feel even more out of place.

Ironically, I had just returned from a trip to a shooting range with both of the guys at the table (one being one of two in my social circle) and couldn't help but start having suicidal thoughts, not impulsive thoughts but well thought out plans of how I would exit this existence. I would never use a firearm to hurt myself or others, shooting is actually the only outing I have and I've found it somewhat therapeutic...it seems I feel comfortable, happy and stress free when I'm shooting and I've never had any thoughts of self harm while at the range. Being socially inept and socially awkward is difficult, I often meet people at the range but have no idea how to start a conversation with them or even introduce myself...I stay to myself, pack my guns up and leave. 

I've never seen a psychiatrist as I fear they would alert authorities and have my firearms (and my only activity) taken away from me and worse yet, committed for fear I may self harm even though I have never had suicidal thoughts involving firearms. This is also a potential line of work I will likely pursue in the near future if things turn around in life as gunsmithing is one of the only traits I know besides electronics/circuit repair and software coding which I lack qualifications for or a desire to pursue as a career. I never attended college and would rather not attend, I feel I've learned enough to survive in this would except for my severe lack of social skills/socially inept, social anxiety, shyness, all contributed a virtually non-existent social circle and at my age the embarrassing reminder that I am single and have never even been on a date.

I feel I'm too far gone and at my age it's too late to learn to socialize and develop friendships and or relationships. Since I'm not employed in a work place environment and do not like bars, clubs, etc. I have no idea how I can work towards meeting new people and more importantly, learning how to socialize with them. Being alone is a horrible feeling that rivals all others, I only wish I could talk to the two people I know and let them know how I truly feel but the fear of loosing those two "friends" would without a doubt send me off the wall.

I need help, I need someone to talk to, I just don't have it in me to say what I've written above in person to someone. If you took the time to read this, thanks, if not I understand as my post is long but this needed to come out.
