I can't, but I mustDoes anybody feel like their lives are an endless cycle of just powering through, saving your energy on your better days to say to yourself "I can't, but I must" on your bad days, until you collapse? 

If it wasn't for the bare handful of people that would at least pretend to miss me, I'd just end it.  In addition to fighting the long term battle with depression and anxiety, I also have irritable bowel syndrome, a hiatus hernia, and GERD. Having an ibs flare leaves me feeling like I've repeatedly been struck in the ribs and lower abdomen by a 2x4, and GERD feels like somebody's been taking a small blowtorch to the inside of my stomach.

The worst thing is, I can't complain. It's not that I don't have anything to complain about, it's that I don't have the luxury of somebody who will really listen. My so called GI "specialist" is a lazy bastard who will spend less than five minutes on me. He says that the hernia shouldn't cause me any problems, and when I say that my stomach still hurts, he just tries me on a different antacid medication. My psychiatrist is a bit more compassionate, but again it's just more cycling through medications. I may find a medication that works for a few weeks, but I always end up feeling bad again, and it's onto the next combination platter of countless psych meds. 

I've found that I can't even expect the area "crisis center" to listen or help. It's essentially a prison for the mentally ill who are unlucky enough to have insurance like Medicaid, a twelve room holding area where you wait until a bed at a psych unit that actually takes your insurance opens up. The staff don't interact or check on you, and if all the rooms at the crisis center are full, you're pretty much out of luck.
I've been in holding there once, and I'm quite serious when I say that I'd rather die than go back, because the way they treat the people who need help is inhumane and degrading.

If I want degrading, I have my part-time job. The only time my boss actually acknowledges my existence is when she tosses more work at me. An actual thank you for going above and beyond at work? Apparently, that's impossible. So I sit there entering data into a database, depressed and full of anxiety, my stomach painfully churning, until I can't even tell the mental suffering from the physical suffering, because all I know is that I hurt. 

This is the only place where I feel I can complain. I hold so much inside, if I complained even 1/16th the amount that some people complain about minor inconveniences, little aches and pains, nobody would ever want to be in my presence. 

I want somebody to tell me I'm so brave and so
strong, to just tell me that it's going to be okay. I'm so starved for validation, but really, the person who would miss me the moment most isn't even a person, but a dog. That's a new low, realizing that pretty much the entirety of my species doesn't give as much of a fuck about me as one canine.