I cannot believe how much I changed.I just want to confide myself, It can be complex to read and follow but I’m full to my throat, I cannot fight anymore.

I do not know where to start, I guess I need to start from somewhere.

My father and mother divorced when I was 4, this was not a big deal till I start to elementary school, all of my friends’ family was happy and together, while my father was having fun with his Russian girlfriends and wasnt caring about me. I seek for a father figure till then, I admit that my father helped me a lot in case of a financial help but never in emotional way, he always compared me with my cousins and told me that he wished I would be like them, at least he could feel the feeling of a son. We barely talked and all of them were about my financial needs, nothing else. Also, he shamed me because of my feminine soul, annnnddd, I’m still having problems with talking with boys as you know, I’m insecure about myself, because of that son of a bitch.

I’m afraid of expressing my feelings too; you know, people would make fun of me, laugh at me when I tell them what I’m thinking. Because of this fear, I’ve become a liar, I lie about my feelings, my fears and ideas. Just to protect myself from hatred and jokes. I even hide my sexual orientation from everyone. In fact, I’m bisexual but as you would guess, I pretend to be a straight. I hide my sexual experiences with guys, even from my current girlfriend. Only my best friends know this and it hurts me. 

Another thing is, I hate my country, I live in Turkey and I’m really sick of this ugly country. Everytime I open the news, I see different kind of rape, assault, abuse and our dictator’s shitty talks. I just can’t handle this, I cannot believe that people can be that bad, it depresses me. Literally everything in this country. Our dying economy, our asshole president, shitty citizens. EVERYTHING. I’m really tired of thinking about my future, I’m really tired of this anxiety. 

There’s a lot of that I did not mentioned but you know, confessing all those things to someone, and even myself started to hurt me. 

Briefly, I missed the old me; I was cheerful, funny and happy person. I used to spread happiness to all around me, I was strong enough to hide my problems and deal with them. I had a will to live, at least more than today. But currently, I lost’em all. I act really bad towards the people around me, I delay all my programs, trying to escape from my responsibilities and avoid to talk with people, even my precious mom. I had never been thought about suicide in my life but now, I’m considering it sometimes and cannot help it. I want to live but I’m not strong enough to do so. There are people who is having worse things than mine and I’m still complaining about myself. I’m a mess, I’m just a weak ass. I do not deserve to be alive.