I believe I’m transgender, feeling hopeless and in an extremely dark place right nowSo I don’t really know where to begin, whether this is the right sub to be posting this on or not. I’ve never talked about this with anyone but I believe that I am transgender. I am a 20 year old woman. I’ve struggled with my gender on and off for a long time. The next thing I’m going to say is very bad and I know how bad it is and what I’ve done but I have to say it. I catfished as a man online and was in an online relationship for 8 months. My “girlfriend” found out tonight and I am in a very bad way. As far as they know, I’m still a man, just not the person in the pictures. It’s better that way. I know how shitty of a person I am, I don’t need to hear it. I don’t know why I did what I did, I just know that I felt more myself as someone else then I ever have as myself. I’m sitting here an hour later and I am horribly conflicted. I basically lived 2 lives. My online life where I was a straight man and my real life where I am a straight woman. I am miserable. The only thing keeping me happy was this online life. Which has now ruined my life again. There are so many pieces to this puzzle that just get worse and worse. I’m a shitty person and I hate myself. Transitioning isn’t an option, I would be shunned by my dad and I don’t have the money anyway. I am so fucking miserable. I’ve been depressed for about 8-9 years since I was young. My entire teenage life I was depressed. The only thing keeping me happy was this girl and now it’s over and that online life is as well. So I’m stuck being “myself” which doesn’t feel like me and I don’t know what to do. I want to die so badly and I have for so long. I think the only selfless decision I’ve done in the last few years is not kill myself because I know that my dad would be devastated. But I will never be who I want to be and I’m going to live a lie my entire life. I don’t expect sympathy, I just needed somewhere to say this as I’ve never said it before