Still finding myself drifting towards the thoughtI posted here maybe a month or so back with the intention of being gone by the end of the week. I had the plan, and the motive. I made the mistake (depending on which way you look at it) of telling a friend who made a big push to get everyone I know involved in my life. Since then, I've been to a counselor, forcibly hospitalized, put on meds, and since been speaking to a therapist. 

Lifewise, I've quit my career to return to living where I grew up with my family. People seem to think/tell me that the safest thing to do is to be around family and friends and people that care. I went along with it, but I find myself still heading towards the thought of suicide. I've promised several people that I won't, yet over the past week or two I found myself getting everything together. Purchasing the required equipment, setting things up, essentially putting my affairs in order.

I guess the biggest obstacle that I cannot get over, is that I don't see and end game to all of it. I had a solid career (~75k out of college). I have a very supportive family. I only struggle socially by choice (I can make friends and get along very well with people, but I usually do not make the effort to go out and do things).

Through all this, I am not happy. I don't see and end goal in mind. It feels in the purest sense passing time. I have no desire to go out and "live life". Now that I'm home, I play a few rec sports, see friends etc, but I genuinely don't see a point to it. Rebuilding, again, going back to school, trying to find a job, trying to find all this crap again just does not seem worth it. I have zero desire keep going. 

Part of my hesitation in following through is that I guess I don't really want to die. I don't want to make the people around me that care about me suffer (I know they will). I just don't want to do anything else. I don't want to go back to school even though it's probably what I've enjoyed most out of anything I've done. I don't want to travel. I don't want to work. I don't really want to do anything. And if the choice comes down to spending the next 60 years of my life going through the motions to spare others or doing the selfish thing, and going through with it, I'm pretty sure sooner or later I'm going to come down on the latter.