I'm about to hit rock bottom. I just can't do this shit anymore.I'll preface this by saying I genuinely don't want to do or kill myself. But I'm so low, and I do think about it often.

I just don't even know where to begin.

Nothing is going right. Every day I wake up, and I just think, what's even the point? Why do I bother? My life is falling into shambles. My girlfriend doesn't seem love me anymore, and I currently have no job. I graduated about 6 months ago from a 3 month long web development course, which I did fairly well. I was positive it wouldn't take more than a month or two to find a job after finishing, and I had a fairly decent portfolio which is a big plus. I networked almost every day for months and tried so hard. I had several interviews, but none of them bared any results.

After so many rejections and no replies, I've became so demotivated. I'm an extremely positive, and generally happy person. But getting beaten down so much, for so long has just put me so low. With all the pressure to get a job asap, and the pressure getting harder and harder, I find it hard to even breathe sometimes.

I don't know what to do. Me being jobless, along with my girlfriend's stressful and physically strenuous job, it has greatly deteriorated our relationship. I'm just a nuisance and a bother to her now. Our sex life is basically gone(once a monthish?) and it's always me to want it. 

I don't even blame her, though. I understand. I probably hate myself even more than she does at this point. It's hard to even get out of bed most days. I don't want to exist anymore, but I know I could never really kill myself. I don't don't want to hurt anymore, I've been hurting for so, so long. And I do it all by myself. I keep everything inside and stay positive for those around me, even if it doesn't really matter anymore.

Anyways, I doubt anyone will read this or care. But that's how I'm feeling right now, and it fucking sucks. Hopefully things will start to look up soon, but I really doubt it. It's hard to stay optimistic anymore.

Thanks for reading.