I think my friend is committing suicide, please help me***Note that this all takes place on Discord.***  
Okay, a little backstory.

This takes on November 9, (which in fact is my birthday, so this makes the situation more unbearable than it already has to be.) My friend, who I will not say his name for privacy purposes, and we will call Aqua, is a friend of mine I met on Discord back in early 2018. Right now he is 14 years old however, and is well known for having severe levels of anxiety and when things don't go as planned, or drama happens, he gets depressed very quickly. Him being depressed has happened many times before, however, today, it has never been this bad.   
I am apart of a friend group where me and my other friends in the group know Aqua very well. It was a normal day, until then, it was around 7:27pm EST, when my other friend had received a note from my other friend. It was a note about how annoying me and other members in the friend group. She posts it in the group chat and the other people in the group chat are quite shocked and taken away when they read it. Some were raging and some were passive about it. The group chat calms down afterwards about the message.  
At 10:45pm EST, the friend from earlier starts to freak out, telling everyone in the group chat how Aqua was actually going to kill himself. Most of the people begin to freak out as well (I say most because half of the people were online), including me. We are still freaking out and my friend is telling everyone that she is crying because of how scared she was. This makes everyone panic more than they already have to. Aqua had dmed me that day, mentioning on how he couldn't attend my birthday party (and I wasn't all mad at him or anything, in fact I am quite chill when people forget stuff about me, so this doesn't raise any flags.) However, he did mention something, in this conversation I had with him in direct messages.  


\-- *note that during this conversation Aqua had changed his profile picture completely black. --*

|7:40PM) Me: i know you're upset right now but if you need to talk to me let me know(7:41PM) Aqua: Nah I'm good I don't wanna ruin your birthday|
|:-|


I am pretty sure when he means, "I don't wanna ruin your birthday", he was talking about the note that my friend had sent to the friend group.  


It is unknown where he is still alive or dead at the moment of writing this post. If he isn't, I wish him the best in the afterlife. If he is still alive, I am going to encourage him to keep fighting.  


Link:  [https://www.youtube.com/AquaTookTheL](https://www.youtube.com/AquaTookTheL) 

However, if anyone here knows Aqua, or is apart of any of his discord servers, please send me a message through Reddit Chat.  Thank you.