scared for my brother's Life &amp; don't know what to doMy brother is currently in the hospital after a recent suicide attempt. not his first. i am terrified because he gets out of the hospital in 13 days &amp; i don't think he belongs in the outside world yet. He was in jail for about 2 months after his 4th DWi after he pulled out of a bar parking Lot in front of a truck causing a wreck when he was hit by a couple traveling with a 5 day old baby. According to the report no one was hurt but my brother went to jail where he was doing better than ever. He was a terror before this incident, inflicting self harm on multiple occasions. He cut his hand &amp; even shot himself in the stomach once though he always claimed these were accidents. After his 2 months or so he was allowed into a halfway house where he was being set up with a $30+ per hour welding job but before that even began, after only 2 or 3 days in the halfway house, he snuck off the property to buy Liquor. he cut his hand on the razor fence on the way back in but 3 witnesses said that they watched him cut his hand on purpose. he was brought to the ER for stitches. that night he suffered a seizure which was credited to synthetic marijuana use though he has been prone to seizures from alcohol withdrawal in the past. he has a Long history with Tourette's syndrome but had no seizures in jail. Well he was brought back to the ER the same day for his seizure &amp; the next morning he attempted suicide by cutting his own throat. he Left a suicide note &amp; everything. Now he is in the hospital &amp; the fucking judge declared that after his 15 days with psychiatrists in the hospital he will be sent home until his trial instead of back to jail or the halfway house. i'm fucking terrified. he is a Loose cannon &amp; too physically big to stop if he tries anything. honestly i don't even want to be around for his time here &amp; i am afraid of what will happen. i have tried so many times to get through to him but he seems just disconnected from his soul &amp; hell bent on abusing himself. i don't know what to do. he scoffs at the mention of meditation or even reflection &amp; i honestly wish he were just somehow forced to stay in an asylum or jail for his own safety. how can i protect my brother from himself?