I can't keep hanging on. Every day gets worse and I just want it all to stopI've wanted to kill myself for a long time. Extremely depressed ever since I was a kid. I can't stop thinking about what it'll do to my family though, I don't deserve them I don't deserve any of this. I already tried to kill myself and it traumatized them all terribly. I injured myself in front of them and they all had to watch me screaming and crying with a broken leg in our backyard. I remember the horror on all their faces and my mom's screams. it hurts so much. we are poor and i couldn't even get surgery to fix my leg so it was just broken for weeks and it turned purple and green and my spine was fucked up. 

I don't really know what led up to that moment but it has completely defined my life and I will never recover from it and the trauma and the pain and screws in my leg they still hurt today.


i can't imagine the financial toll i put on them and the mental stress.

I've wanted to die and planned my suicide honestly every week since then. It's been so isolating and horrible. I cut myself off because from everyone because i felt i could die at any moment. 

i just found out my sister in law's mother passed away today. and my brother is crying and his wife is pregnant and she's due soon. i can't imagine what she's going through... this would have been her mom's first grandchild and she won't be able to meet the baby now. i feel so fucking bad because I've been planning on killing myself soon and i know it's gonna be so terrible and I can't stop thinking about all this and what will happen.

but i think i would rather kill myself now than be a part  of my future nephew's life and then traumatize them by killing myself later. because i KNOW eventually i will. as i get older it all just gets worse and colder and more lonely and i can't take it. I've been hanging on by a thread for so long. i love my family but they don't know what it's like.. i keep thinking once I finally end it all I won't have to worry about any of this. it's all too much and chaotic and unfair and it's been going on too long. too many failed attempts and i come out weaker and disfigured on the other end every time.

of course i wish i could be a good uncle and be there and be strong for my family but i know i will end up taking my life soon because some nights the pain is all too much. my brain circles in the worst thoughts and my heart sinks and it's unbearable... i don't want to live anymore. i don't want to fuck up this innocent kids life. my logic is fucked though because i know I'll be emotionally scarring his parents. but I can't bear the thought of seeing this newborn and then killing myself. i feel like i have to do it soon. idk why ... its so fucked up.. i hate this. sometimes i just need to turn off all the thoughts and go through with it.

i have no money left and no job. I'm a failure. i fucked up my life. depression is a disease that's ruined me.
I'm so sorry. i hate myself
I'm sorry for what I'm going to do