I'm killing myself next weekNo one knows I'm suicidal around me. I've never told a soul, it would break my parents' hearts and they would blame themselves. That's also why I didn't end myself up until now. But it's becoming harder and harder to wait, I don't care if I'm selfish anymore.

Why do I want to kill myself? Well, I just can't live with myself. I can't even describe how much I loathe everything about me. My looks, my personality. It's like I'm my own enemy, it's so weird. I feel good when I hurt myself intentionally, like I'm punishing myself and showing that I have the power to do so.
Why do I hate myself so much? I've worn braces two times and my smile is still crooked, I got severe acne in high school and since then it keeps leaving and coming back every time I believe I'm finally free, I have scoliosis, I can't see shit without my glasses, my nostrils are uneven... It's like, no matter how much effort I put into my appearance, my body is mocking me. Personality-wise, I'm boring, uninteresting, shy, extremely introverted. I have no friends, and believe me I really tried my best. I try to spark conversations about similar interests but it never works. I thought, maybe it just didn't click with these persons and that's ok, it happens... But it never clicks with ANYONE?! That's not bad luck or coincidence. It's me. I'm the problem. Since high school I'm alone with no friends.

Actually, in my first year of college, I made a few friends. I was so happy. I bloomed. My suicidal thoughts were locked in a box in a corner of my brain. We would hang out all the time, one of them became my now boyfriend.
But then we changed classes. Now we are all in different courses, in different colleges. You guessed it, we grew apart. They made new friends but they still hang out with each other, but they leave me out. I also had a best friend of more than ten years, but it was a really toxic relationship as she was always belittling and insulting me, so I cut all ties a year ago. It's been a year but I miss her everyday, while she moved on and made new friends.

That's when I realized. Ah. Even if things get better, it's all temporary. In the end, everyone leaves me and I'm the only one feeling hurt. Nobody needs me in their lives, nobody cares. It's like I'm a plant - nice in the background when it's there but doesn't feel like a loss when it's not. So I don't believe in the "things will surely get better!" yeah they will, that's true, but only until it get worse again. I'm tired. I'm so tired of this roller-coaster of ups and downs.

I was always afraid of killing myself, because I believe in nothing so death is really the end of it all for me. I won't be able to think anymore. The thought of it was scary, but not anymore. Not being able to think it to feel is better than living with the thoughts I have. For the last few months, I've been imagining my suicide and battling against my urges. When a car or a metro passes in front of me, I want to jump in front of it so bad. Sometimes I take a knife and put it against my wrist. Or I look out my window, and think of jumping from my balcony. It's been only these thoughts and I'm tired of fighting it. They won, I really tried to love myself and to believe I wasn't useless, but I failed. 

I also really hate studying, adult life, having to work. I just want to do my hobbies but I don't even have time for them anymore so what's the point 

Anyway I'm not writing this so you can stop me. I won't even read the comments anyway, I made up my mind. I just wanted to let it all out, to let strangers know about how I really feel inside. It was liberating, thank you reddit.