I have had a decent lifeHi all,

I hope this message finds you well all of you. I don't know how to start but I think I have come to an end.   
I have had an OK life, much better than most of people had luck to have. I mean,I grew up in a 3rd world country, I saw a civil war as a kid, and  then my father got sick like very sick and I am lucky he survived, only 1 out of 10000 people that have his condition survive it. He lost so much fucking weight I still remember looking at him and not going to him to give him a hug.He was like a walking zombie, Imagine a grown man 6'0 with only like 70 lbs on him. He was just like a zombie. I always regret not giving him a hug. I wish I had. During school life was not easy as well, I was the only muslim kid there and I had my fair share of beatings, bullying and all that bulshit that comes with it. My father was there always to support me and I finished as the best student of the whole generation. In highschool it was a bit better, I formed a team and competed for NASA Space Apps Challenge and actually my team won the 3rd place in the world. That feeling was so good. Then I applied to the most prestigious international chain of highschools UWC and got awarded a full ride to go and finish my last 2 years in Hong Kong and it was the very first time ever a minority was given a scholarship from the country I came from. My father was super proud he even borrowed money to come and see my graduation. He could not believe it. I did something no one had ever done as a minority from my country. I got a full ride to University of Oklahoma, and there my struggles with suicidal thoughts started. I was even put in a state hospital because I seeked helped from a therapist and he put me 3 days in a hospital, the most stressful and fearful time of my life, being around mentally ill people was so so frightening. I can't help it guys and I can not tell my father as well, he would be heartbroken. He always wanted the best for me. It made me miss classes and struggle with school. I decided to stay a year at home so I recover but I just made up a reason to my father, he was not happy but made me comeback this semester and I just can't I think I can not, I lied that I am coming back and I am actually just staying in Copengagen in a hostel and he thinks I am in the states. I think this is the end. I am just now thinking what should I write as my last words to my father. He is such a great and successful guy and I failed in every possible way. I am so sorry guys to waste your time, I just wanted to share my story because I don't really have any other person to share it with. Not anyone I trust enough anyway.