I'm a NEET in my early 20s with a candy bowl of mental disorders, and I've experienced everything life has to offer. No job, no future, no sense of education. The current state of society + the Great Reset putting the future into an orwellian future is putting me on edge.See title.

I've been put on edge for this for weeks now, all I do is sleep, eat, and browse the internet doing nothing of value. My mental state has degraded worse than ever even after doubling up on my medication, nothing is enough to make me smile anymore.

A few days ago, I learnt about the "great reset", a plan by the WEF, UN, and global leaders to make society a single government ran police state where people own nothing, have no privacy, nor human rights. Effectively putting us all into a state that resembles 1984. This is NOT a conspiracy theory, and people have gathered information to prove that indeed, this is reality. We're screwed, the future is in ruins due to global corruption.

Along with the pandemic causing me to become isolated to the point of being idle most of the time, it has made me physically unhealthy; I used to be a person who'd lose weight and plan goals, but I've nearly tripled in weight these past 6 months, nobody I speak to IRL (which is very few people) care nor want to help me get back in shape.

My only hobbies keeping me sane is drawing meaningless art, and attempting to gamedev with Unity. Both of these have become dull and fruitless to me from any potential enjoyment from life. There is no point in investing in hobbies to horn skills for my goals later on in life when in reality, we have no future at all

I just wanted to have a job that pays minimum wage, have a decent portfolio for future use so I can show to potential employers to get a job with media creation, and have kids that can carry on my torch of knowledge down to their generation for their future so they can have a better life than me. All of these plans are impossible now to achieve.

I am currently planning on writing my note after this post and will call my doctor to see if doctor-assisted loss of life is possible due to my mental issues posing a possible requirement to do so in the laws of the country I live in.

 Totalitarianism is the straw that broke my back. I'm done. Good-bye.