Triggered by my 10 yoMy daughter expressed thoughts of suicidal ideation last week. She outcried to my MIL at lunch because she was caught sneaking our house cell phone out of the house after being grounded for a week. She was grounded because her sister walked out of the house while she was helping me watch her and she didn't notice. I notified the school, and the counselor pulled to evaluate her. She is low risk, no plan, just thoughts.

It was an extreme reaction to stress but it triggered my suicidal ideation. I feel like I've failed her as a parent. I know everyone messes up raising their first kid. I've tried the best I can and I know that's all I can do. Unlike her, I have a plan. Unlike her, I've struggled with these thoughts since I was a child. Unlike her, I've attempted before. 

I told her my story, as kid appropriate as I could.  So that she knows she is not alone. I did mention even though we hadn't gone through the same things, I could certainly understand what it's like to have those feelings and to remind her that it may seem bad but it could always be worse; that she was not alone. I made sure not to compare our feelings because her feelings are valid and its "okay" to have them. That it's "okay" to have the thoughts but it's not okay to close up and not talk it out. It's not okay to attempt. It's not okay to blame others for getting to this point because it's a choice she made to let it get this far without asking for help. Maybe it's not the right choice of words but no one prepares you for this stuff. 

We discussed the side of suicide no one talks about - the aftermath on friends, family, the community. We talked about the laws in place to prevent cyber bullying and bullying in school. We talked about resources she has available and healthy coping mechanisms. That she is loved and cared for by her friends, family, community. That it's a temporary solution that leaves a lasting impact on everyone who 

I'm terrified to come home and find her dead because if she goes, I go. I just needed to get this out. I'm actively seeking her counseling and have made an appointment to get her seen by an MD as well. 