Please help meI've been depressed all my life. I remember sleepless nights contemplating that a person being able to kill another person clearly meant that a person would also be able of killing him/herself. At this point I thought I had personally invented the concept of what I later would learn was called suicide. I was about 7 or 8 years old at the time (how fucked up is that?), and the thought stuck with me ever since.

At the time I struggled with extremely low self esteem, and I thought that the few friends I had only chose to hang out with me because they felt sorry for me because of the fucking retard I thought I was.

As of now I am 23 years old, and I've had these thoughts of killing myself ever since I was a child. I've tried filling the huge black void I'm feeling inside of me with drugs, alcohol, sex and everything you could imagine. I've been to a lot of psychologists over the years, and have been diagnosed with clinical depression, anxiety, ADD, and been given a metric fuckload of pills, but nothing seems to help.

Pretty much the only thing keeping me alive at this point is my niece, who is the most adorable little girl you could ever imagine (I'm starting to cry at this point). I've been told that I'm sort of a father figure for her, as her actual father is a low life fucktard who treats her like shit whenever he has custody. I also suspect he has been molesting her at some point because of a few things she said to her mother in the past, although we're not able to prove it since she was totally silent about it after her next visit to him. I swear that if I ever get any solid proof I will take the 13 hour bus ride straight to his house and destroy that motherfucker's face with a crowbar. Due to all of this I feel I would be letting her down bigtime by offing myself, so I try to stay strong for her sake.

Still, every day it gets harder, and my suicidal thoughts are getting so frequent by now that I'm actually starting to get scared that I suddenly one day will go through with it.

I'm feeling really bad about these thoughts, especially since I'm quite priviliged in the first place. I just feel ungrateful really. I'm currently studying to be a music teacher, I am a fairly attractive guy, at least I am lead to believe so due to the fact that I usually have no problem getting laid, I have a bunch of good friends and a loving family, and an IQ of 128, so the world should be at my feet right? Of course it should, and it is. Exept that I keep fucking up everything by not finishing my school work in time, always being late for everything and sometimes spending several weeks locked in my room just staring at the walls because I can't find the motivation to even get my lazy ass out of bed. I am in pain and I need advice on how to keep going.

And sorry if my english is bad, it's not my native language.