Reached the dark bottom after being rejected in all areas of lifeI’ve been dystymic all my life, struggling to find much meaning in anything. Still, I’ve been able to live with it for 35 years.

As of now I feel like all my issues have culminated into this big mess I can’t fathom how I can live with. Everything has to do with being worthless and meaning nothing to anyone.

The main issue is my boyfriend. We’ve been together for almost three years, living together for two. For the last two and a half years he has basically refused to have any sexual intimacy with me.

A couple of months into dating he criticized my body/apperance pretty harsh. I literally blacked out during his monologue, because it felt like my biggest nightmare became real. I was unattractive, ugly, repulsive in the eyes of the man I was madly in love with. I cried for a whole week, couldn’t get out of bed at all.

He managed to «sweet talk» me back, unfortunately.

After that he went out of his way avoiding having any kind of sex with me. He gave me five minutes of duty sex 8 times the first year we were together. He didn’t even try to act as he was into it. I was madly in love and desperate, so I held on to him. I see now how damaging this was to me, and I should have left.

Then I got cancer, the «you have a 15% chance to live» kind. I magically recovered and it’s been a year since treatment. Ironically, cancer wasn’t that hard to handle, compared to my other issues. No one gets cancer because they weren’t good enough or too ugly. It just happens, to anyone. I managed to stay strong through it.

After that, our relationship went on like usual. We are such good friends, but he has never ever been turned on by me. He’s not asexual, he has loved sex with other girls he says, it’s just me who’s not good enough. Wow, imagine that. A woman being so unattractive that even her boyfriend can’t bear to even touch her without feeling grossed out. He has also said I’m horrible in bed, and gets annoyed when I can’t hold back my tears anymore.

This has gone on for so long now that my feeling of self-worth is nonexistant. It is not there. At all. I had a moment a month back where I reached out for clinical mental help, but I was denied it. No one wants to help me. I’m not even important enough to get life-saving help.

I’m also in a process of job hunting after cancer recovery, and getting turned down every week takes a huge toll on my selfesteem too.

All of this has made me suicidal. This week all I’ve been thinking about are details around how it would be done. When. Where. All the stupid details. The suicidal thoughts stems from me not being able to see a solution. I can’t ever become happy, it’s just not possible for me. So why struggle anymore? Life gets worse every single month.

I do have a rational side. I’m pretty analytic and have a problem-solving type of mind (I’m an economist), but it doesn’t help me here. I have spent hours and hours and hours trying to find a solution, but there is none.

I mean, I know I’m in a destructive relationship I should get out of, but if I leave I will never be able to have my own family because of my age. I will also never want or be able to trust any man ever again. My ex cheated on me a lot. Being in a relationship is just not worth the pain. Yet I don’t want to be alone.

I also know, rationally, that I’m not unattractive at all. I used to do model work in my 20s, and my ex worshipped my body, but it doesn’t matter to me now. My current boyfriend can’t stand having intimacy with me because I’m useless in his eyes. It fucking hurts so bad!

So. Could anyone help me a bit by speaking to my rational mind here..? I don’t want to die, I just can’t stand living with this pain of being completely worthless in this world anymore. I find it inhumane having to stay alive and not being allowed to escape my own personal hell.