Junkie failureAt the age of 18 I feel like I’m ready to die.
I’ve done so much damage to both myself and those who have ever bothered to care about me that I can’t keep on living with this overcast of shame. 
I first began using at age 13, it started with weed because at the time I was still getting over the death of my father who had recently passed from heart failure (which I would later find out to be from decades long cocaine abuse, me and the old man are one in the same turns out). Weed made me forget about that storm churning in my gut, I just laughed with my buddies and ate till we passed out watching our favourite shows.
Things stayed that way for a few years. Eventually the storm in my gut became a fog in my mind and I lost myself in it. This fog was very confusing. I started hearing voices in it, voices that sounded like a voice of reason reaching out to me.
I fucking hated that voice of reason for telling the truth. So, I  started looking for something to drown it out with. That’s when I met my friend the bottle, he was similar to weed in a lot of ways, he made me forget and he also made me someone who everyone thought was the life of the party because I acted like a delirious piece of shit. Before I knew it I couldn’t go a single fucking night without swirling into bed. The bottle stopped being the party animal inhibitor and eventually became co opted into a gelatinous version of my regular gelatinous self. This is where the coke comes in.
I started using as a way to get that fun guy that everybody liked back, but things had changed.
The party was over for me, I had a really nice girl and things were beginning to slow down to begin a new chapter, I’m an addict though so I never knew when to stop. 
As the bottled nights passed by I got sloppier and sloppier, blacked out more and more. I ended up cheating on her, ended up going to an after prom that wasn’t even mine ending up naked in the streets the next morning. The list goes on.
Friends distanced themselves from me after repeated interventions, I broke that beautiful girls heart, I drove my mother to tears and distrust, traumatized my younger half brother.
I don’t even feel human anymore, I can’t relate to anyone and have lost passion for everything that used to make me happy. I’m an alien from another planet.

Sometime very soon I’m gonna pray to the bottle one last time and try and end my life with fentanyl.
Might as well die the way I lived.

Sorry for the wall of text people, just wanted to tell someone or anyone what I’ve concluded about my life.