I’m just lost, please helpHello,

I’m using a throwaway account for well... Yeah. Also, English isn’t my native language, I also have a light case of autism. 

I just don’t know what to do anymore, life has become too much for me.

I don’t know if I can describe myself as depressed because I don’t exactly know what that means yet, but I just don’t want to live, I just want to be gone from the world, and rest. 

I’ll just share the story of my life to clear things up before I get into my current state.

I have one older sister, and brother, my parents were divorced since I was 7. I’ve realised that most of my life, I’ve just been sad. I’ve been wanting to commit suicide for over half my life, and I just can’t live with it anymore. I started wanting to suicide early on, when I was very young, I looked up ways how to do it, and I just wanted to keep doing it. I had friends in school, and wasn’t really bullied but I just felt miss treated by everyone. My mother has had an alcohol addiction since I was 9, probably even earlier but that’s when I started noticing it, I didn’t visit my father much because he jokingly hit me once when I was 9, but I was a child and help a grudge against him for it.

She would be completely drunk atleast 4 times a week, I remember being scared to come home because I didn’t want her to be drunk, or I had a decent good day and it would just be ruined by that. I went outside a lot until she started drinking when I was home, she was fine before I left but drunk when I came home, and I stopped playing with my friends because of it. As I grew older, when I was around 11/12 it became a lot worse, and as time went on I just wanted to commit suicide so badly, but I just couldn’t. When I went to high school, I completely failed my first year because I just still felt like a kid, or I wanted to be one because it didn’t feel like I ever got to be one because of everything. I started getting miss treated for being childish, autistic, or just convinced by everyone I was an idiot. I failed the year and sat home for half a year because my mom didn’t want me to go to a lower “difficulty” schooling. After that half year, I went to school and met new friends and had people convincing me that I’m smart, and can do it, and managed to finish top of my class that year. I made more friends in my next year, but my mother was still drinking and as days went by, I wanted to commit suicide more and more.

To skip the whole year, we’ll go to my third year of high school, last year. I did it well enough, and made some more friends but I started noticing I was never genuinely happy, and could never be satisfied with my live and felt like I was never gonna be happy ever again. I felt like the world is just bad, I can’t stop thinking humanity is bad a a whole for all things we do, for all things we think, and are planning to do. I kinda slowly got my life back on track last year, and started to feel as if I could be happy, until later in the year.

My mother met a new man, to skip everything, after a while of being nice, I discovered he abused my mother. My mother was drunk, and they went out together. At 5 AM I was woken up by my mother, drunk, yelling to call the cops, he got in the backyard, she was saying stuff that he hit her and stuff, and did it before but hid it because me and my brother liked him. I told her to not get back together with him, but she did. I could never ever forgive him and haven’t, every time he talked to me I just wanted to burst out in anger and tell him to shut up, and every time he would touch me I just put up a happy face while I was disgusted and realised how sad I was inside. The abuse happened a few more times, but my mom kept coming back to him. About 2 weeks ago, I was woken up by fighting in the backyard, he was attacking my mother and I called the cops, my mother thanked me a lot for it but I just felt like this was the world telling me I’ll never be at peace.

I started smoking earlier that year, I stopped some months back though. I don’t know why but I just felt like I would dissapoint my mother if she would know, which is why I stopped. While she should know I’m just so sad of me living in constant sadness because of the alcohol in my whole childhood.

Now, about half a year ago, my dad passed away and it kinda ruined everything for me. When my parents got divorced, it was after a huge argument they had I caused. I wanted to play on the Wii, which was in my sisters room. It was about 11 AM, and she still didn’t get out of bed. My dad made her get out of bed so I could play the Wii, my mother was upset with him and this broke out into something big, and eventually they divorced, and I stopped seeing him. This realization, that it kinda was all my fault ruined me, besides the fact I blamed him for a lot of stuff incorrectly and blocked his mails, only for me to see he had sent me multiple mails years, and months before he died saying he wanted to make up with me and just see him, and wanted to appologize, which I didn’t read because I blocked him. I only saw this after his death, and it ruined it for me because he died through euthanasia, which meant he just stopped having a reason to live and I had so much guilt in me.

Now, nearing the end of my school year, I have a high risk of failing the year, but I can probably make it with decent effort, but I just can’t, I don’t have any energy anymore, and feel like I’m living for nothing. Everything has caught up on me, and the lack of happiness, energy, motivation, reasons to live just make it impossible, Its like I can never catch a breath in my life.

About a month ago, I started playing a game again, with a small community and I met a lot of old friends, I felt actually happy playing it, and felt like it was great talking to them. This thing making me happy is ruining the school for me though, but I just can’t put up with life anymore, I just want to be happy.

But I don’t want to dissapoint my mother, I want to make her proud, I want her to be happy. This year she started drinking a lot less and wanted to stop for us, but I just can’t be happy and have tried so hard to keep going but I just can’t anymore, I just want to stop living peacefully, I don’t want to commit suicide because my mother would be broken because of it (Her brother commit suicide, and her mom also passed away shortly before my dad). I want to be at peace, and just rest, but I can’t because i would make the people around me sad, but I have for so long worked on keeping them happy, I just want to be happy for once and catch a break. It feels like I’m actually happy again, and enjoying the game and especially talking with the people on it, they make me very happy, and give me a feeling I haven’t felt in years, but people wouldn’t understand that, I have never told anybody about how I’m actually feeling, and I keep telling my mom I’m fine. 

But I really just can’t keep living like this anymore, I want to be happy, and I want to do stuff that makes me happy and stop worrying and stressing over stuff for once. Could anybody please give me advice, I’m just lost here.