In 24 hours exactly I will end itThis is rather long so if you don't read this I'll understand but if you do I'll cut it down to the last 5 months or so. I'm suffering threw end stage liver disease. Got diagnosed with it years ago but only recently found out awhile ago that its ireversiable now and terminal and im going to need a liver transplant. Sadly I don't qualify for one as I need to be sober for 6 months I guess the donor programs have this time set to determine if you'll relapse or not. Makes sense, only so many donor organs to go around and they wouldn't want it going to someone who would mistreat the organ. I'm garbage I wouldn't deserve one anyway. I've pushed everyone away after hearing this news, specially my lovely girlfriend Margaret. We met a year ago, only started dating at the beginning of the year. We worked at pizza hut, total shit job by the way STAY THE FUCK AWAY. People their though were actually amazing made some life long friends their. Well not that I have much of a life left anyway. I pushed her away along with everyone else though, learning id be dieing has really taken a toll on me lately. I've been suicidal before hospitalized and thrown into that oh so precious psyc ward more times then I can count. Had counseling for ten years graduated a bit ago so I'm no stranger to the thought of death or dying or wanting to die at all. But theirs just something about knowing you have no choice in the matter? Knowing that it's coming, and due to reasons out of your control you really can't stop it. It's scary, INSANLY scary. Ever since I've found out, I've been so serious and gloomy and just emotionly tired to everything. It took a toll on me and Margarets relationship, I couldn't tell her seeing as she recently lost her grandfather when i had found out. It was not the appropriate time to tell her she was going to lose someone else also. And then another one of her grandparents was in the hospital so again couldn't muster the strength to break her heart. I kind of realized it was to late. After she graduates high school its off to the Navy for her, I can't burden her with such a thing before boot camp which I can only imagine is pure stress for 8 weeks toppled with the emotional bagage of a sick and dying boyfriend that can go at anytime. I couldn't ruin her dream job, so I pushed her away also and drove her away. When we broke up i said unbearable things that were so far from the truth when I look at the texts I wonder if i even wrote them. I don't actually,  since the liver cant file the toxins in my blood I'm starting to have brain damage. Im starting to have really bad memory problems practically bordering amnesia at this point. Yesterday I looked at the texts and was in complete shock of what i said to her I couldn't move. In my mind though the emotional hurt of a breakup compared nothing to watching someone you love slowly get sicker and die. What if I passed while she was at boot camp? It made sense, at least at the time. Now I can't even begin to understand why I just didn't tell her. But still, I didn't want to be a burden to her. I was afraid she would leave also. Now all I have is regret for making her do so. At this point, my condition will only get worse. And at best i got another month or so till I'm in a hospital counting my days away. Either way I'll be dead, this isn't a cry for help and theirs no talking me out of this. I've done enough research to know that theirs hardly any painless ways to go. So I've been taking my dad's blood thinners got my hands on a scalpel and know exactly where my radial artery is. I'm not afraid of the pain, I'm not even afraid of death anymore. I'm just afraid of tomorrow, and honestly I can't bare to live with the mistakes I made. And seeing as im going to die anyway. I'm only prolonging the inevitable, so TMR I'll clean my room try and tie up some lose ends. Tonight I'll write up suicide notes for people close to me including Maggie. Send them out, go over to Maggie's deliver her hers, and go into the forest behind her house. We would take nature walks their and the sound of the water in the stream is absolutely delightful. I imagine it being a more peaceful way of going then in some hospital bed. I'll end it their in the middle of the night painful for a bit sure, but eventually I'll go unconscious and I'm sure no one will find me for hours so I'll be long gone before then. I really don't know what happens after death, my fantasy is that we just restart our lives but contain the memories of it. Kind of like restarting a video game you've already beaten? Sure very highly doubt it but still, i can hope because God are their things I'd change. And I would definitely do everything I could to be with Maggie. Yeah yeah yeah I don't care... She was the one. I'm positive of it. Anyway I just wanted my thoughts to be out their before I go. Thank you for reading this if you have. I wish you all the best in your lives. Sayonara &lt;3