Nothing Helps; I really just want to end itI lost my passion for Computer Science and Video Game Creation that I've had since I was a kid. I don't really care what I do in life anymore. There's no other subjects in College that even remotely interest me that I'm not bored with. Even if I were to find one, I don't want to go into a life full of work just to survive and then on my free time, I dedicate myself to some sort of superficial hobby until I die someday in the future. Yet, that's what all humans in history have been doing for a while now. Work, and then on their off-time, trivial things.

I want someone to come along in my life and make me happier. Actually, I want to make someone else happier in their life. I've decided that if I had to pick a life goal, then it would be to help someone else with their life goal. But, that requires that I develop a firm relationship with someone and that I find the right person that would not take advantage of my efforts and what not. You hear it all of the time that the chances of finding true love are extremely slim and that some people go their entire lives without ever finding the right one. Just hearing about stories like that make me want to give up.

And if I do give up on finding someone who will give my life purpose, then I won't be able to hold on to my will to keep living. It's hard enough as it is now going through college and trying to not kill myself. The only thing stopping me is my fear of death and fear of what is going to happen afterwards. But even then, that fear is going away slowly every single day. One day, I will be fully able to kill myself without hesitation. The cycle of work that many humans as gone through makes me depressed, not having a life purpose makes me duly depressed, and the chance of not ever being able to find my life's purpose makes me want to off myself right here and now.

Why is it that when I tell people I want to off myself that everyone always tells me that it's so wrong? Is it really that wrong to want to kill myself if I have nothing to look forward to in life and no one will give me anything to look forward to? No one will direct me in life anymore or give me anymore goals or help me expand my life from now on. No one cares anymore. I want to cry just thinking about it. I want someone to care about me. And then once I find that person, I'd dedicate my all into caring about them and they could be my life purpose. But that's just a fantasy. Nothing like that is actually going to happen. In fact, the chances of that happening are probably lower than the probability of getting struck by thunder. My life is going to be boring. I'm going to live with a handful of friends throughout my entire life, go into a boring office job, not have any sort of romantic life to be proud of, and then I'm going to die in a car accident or die of old age. Nothing remotely nice is going to happen. I'm just a tiny speck in the face of history. My death is not going to affect anything, the world is going to keep moving, nothing I do makes any difference, I'm never going to be happy. I should just kill myself now to get this over with.