My life is horrible.I’m in my 30’s, still live with my parents, work a minimal wage job stocking shelves at a grocery store and have zero friends. I suffer from Aspergers and also have crippling social anxiety. 


I can’t even remember the last time I had a friend. I joined two groups for adults with Aspergers, hoping I could find someone to relate to, but no one wanted anything to do with me because I am so socially awkward. I remember once I had free ride tickets to a carnival that was in town. Not one person wanted to go with me. The other group members would often get together and do things outside of group and I was never invited. Eventually, I got tired of being left out and quit that group. I joined another recently and had no luck there either. 


I have a sister that is a few years younger than me. She treats me horrible. In fact, ever since she became popular in high school, she stopped talking to me.  When she lived at home she would talk shit about me with her friends and make fun of me while I was within earshot. My parents never did anything about her behavior. Eventually, she got married and moved out. I wasn’t even invited to the wedding. She now makes 6-figures and often sends my parents pictures of her vacations. She goes on trips at least 5-6 times a year. It makes me even more depressed hearing about all the fun stuff she does. I never get to do anything. My parents don’t like to go places so I’m always stuck at home. Going by myself is out of the question with my issues and lack of money.  In my 34 years of living, I’ve literally never been more than 300 miles away from home and that was to go to a hospital. I wish I could go places and see the world. It makes me so depressed that I’ll never be able to do that. 


My parents also seem to favor my sister. My dad has taken her on multiple trips, but never takes me anywhere no matter how much I beg. He always says someday we’ll go somewhere, but it never happens. Now his health is bad and he can’t travel. When it’s my birthday, they never make much of an effort. All I want is to go out to eat or do something special. Instead, I just get a $10 gift card to Dunkin Donuts or McDonalds. I don’t even eat there. When I suggest going to my favorite restaurant, they say they don’t feel like going out. They do the complete opposite for my sister’s birthday. Even though she lives 3000 miles away, they send her tons of gifts. Then she always has to brag about what she gets from her friends.  Some of her girl friends are taking her to Cancun, Mexico for her birthday. Another friend got her the latest iPhone, another is giving her a ride on his plane and a hot air balloon ride. I’m just so sick of hearing about it.


I’ve been to multiple therapists, changed my meds multiple times and nothing helps. Honestly, if my family treated me better and was more supportive of my issues I wouldn’t be so depressed. Of course there’s nothing to do to change it. I think about killing myself every day just to escape this misery. My quality of life is very poor. 


Before you suggest moving out, I’ve already thought of that. The only place I’ll be able to afford is an apartment and I don’t do well living in apartments due to lack of privacy and noisy neighbors. I feel more comfortable where I’m at now. The problem is, when my parents die, they are leaving the house to both me and my sister. I think it’s unfair because she already has a million dollar home and doesn’t need this house. Instead, she’ll buy me out with her money and I’ll be left homeless. Hopefully by then I’ll already be dead. 