I don't see any convincing argument against suicide.I hadn't even realized I made a Reddit account over a year ago to respond to someone in this forum. I tried the same username I did last year, and found it. What strikes me most is I am back in the same place I was then. Over a year ago. 

So it seems like that is concrete evidence that I just don't have what it takes to change for the better. I have the same old thoughts, feelings, and actions. Yesterday I spent most of the day trying to will myself to jump in front of a train. I know I won't do it. My survival instinct always kicks in. When I was an undergraduate I had my first thoughts of killing myself. That was about 15 years ago. I stood on a chair with a rope around my neck and cried. And then I got down.

I've sat in the tub with a knife to my wrists, I've stood on roofs and gazed down for long periods of time. But I've never actually gone through with an attempt. So I tell myself that I'm not *really* depressed, just lazy, just a whiner, just someone with an abhorrent personality and a total lack of character. Because if I had a character, I could change. 

But I've wasted my life up to now, mostly. Seared into my brain networks of bad behavior and bad thought patterns. Pop neuroscience tells me that you reinforce your mental capacities every time you choose an action. So the thousands of times I've chosen the wrong thing has created a mind in me that is full of pits and traps and holes, and I don't think I can or want to do the work to undo it. So wouldn't suicide be the better option?

Every time I get down like this I search "how do I get the courage to kill myself," and invariably there are dozens of comments about how the real courageous act is to keep living. But why is that, exactly? So you can spend a decade or five in a painful holding pattern? No one person really matters all that much. I have these philosophical ideas about how all life matters in some manner, but I'm not sure it's true. Life is precious, and living creatures have the capacity to feel pain, and I think it's obvious that pain is usually bad and to be avoided. 

When I ask people why you shouldn't choose your time to die if you mostly suffer, they tell me that I can't know what's coming in the future, that you likely only get one life, so why not experience as much as possible, that I will inflict pain on others if I end my life. 

These are not satisfying reasons for me.

I've been an adult for close to two decades, and things have not gotten much better. I've fought and fought to escape...I think? Maybe I'm just not trying hard enough. I wonder if that's the case all the time. 

Nothing I experience brings me joy. I know that is a symptom of depression. I know it will eventually pass. But I'm just fucking tired of coming back to it, over and over and over.  I've experienced it. I want to be done experiencing it. I can't imagine a future in which I'm happy and/or even content. I just feel like I lack the capacity to get there. 

We all die, and all of our thoughts, feelings, and experiences are instantly gone, forever. So what does it matter if it's now or later? I just can't see a good argument there.

The thing that does hold me back is inflicting pain on others. My parents, my partner. Other people might feel a little bad for a while and get over it, but those three would have lasting scars. I'm not even sure my dad in particular would ever be able to cope. 

But I'd be gone? There's where I can see the selfishness part. And it's only just outweighed the need to escape, for a long-ass time. 

I just sit here, not knowing what to do with myself, a deep aching in my body that stops me from doing anything but sit here. 